The professor who said Texas deservedHurricane Harvey because of how the state voted has been “ relieved of his duties , ” the University of Tampa announced Tuesday .
`` On Sunday , Aug. 27 , visiting assistant professor of sociology Kenneth Storey made comments on a private Twitter account that do not reflect UT 's community views or values . We condemn the comments and the sentiment behind them , and understand the pain this irresponsible act has caused , '' the statement read .
`` Storey has been relieved of his duties at UT , and his classes will be covered by other sociology faculty . As Floridians , we are well of the destruction and suffering associated with tropical weather . Our thoughts and prayers are with all impacted by Hurricane Harvey , '' the university concluded .
Storey tweeted Sunday that he does n't “ believe in instant Karma but this kinda feels like it for Texas . Hopefully this will help them realize the GOP does n't care about them . ”
One Twitter user replied , saying , “ I guess since we 're a Red state we deserve some bad karma too , right . ”
“ Yep , those who voted for him [ Trump ] here deserve it as well , ” he responded .
The backlash to his tweets was swift , forcing Storey to issue an apology .
“ I apologize for the the tweets , ” he told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska . “ My intention was never to offend anyone . This was a series of tweets taken out of context . I was referring to the GOP denial of climate change science and push to decrease funds from agencies that can help in a time like this . I hope all affected by the storm are safe and recover quickly . I also hope this helps the GOP realize the need to support climate change research and put in place better funding for agencies like NOAA and FEMA .
“ I 've been clear with that through various tweets that followed the initial tweet . It is hard to express one 's full thoughts in 140 characters and I realize that taken out of context some tweets may sound extremely off-putting . I never intended it to be that . ”
Too little , too late .
A Roman Catholic bishop apologised to churchgoers today after he resigned from his post , saying he had brought shame on his diocese and the church .
The Rt Rev Kieran Conry , who is Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Arundel and Brighton , issued a statement which said he had “ been unfaithful to his promises as a Catholic priest ” .
The statement , which was being read this weekend in all churches of the diocese , which includes the Chichester area , said : “ I am sorry to confess that , going back some years , I have been unfaithful to my promises as a Catholic priest .
“ I would like to reassure you that my actions were not illegal and did not involve minors .
“ As a result , however , I have decided to offer my resignation as bishop with immediate effect and will now take some time to consider my future .
“ I want to apologise first of all to the individuals hurt by my actions and then to all of those inside and outside the diocese who will be shocked , hurt and saddened to hear this .
“ I am sorry for the shame that I have brought on the diocese and the Church and I ask for your prayers and forgiveness . ”
Originally from Coventry , Mr Conry studied for priesthood at the Venerable English College in Rome , according to the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton website .
He attended the Gregorian University and was ordained in July 1975 at All Souls Church in Coventry by Archbishop George Patrick Dwyer of Birmingham .
During the 1970s , Mr Conry returned to Cotton College to teach English literature and religious education and in 1980 he became the private secretary to the Apostolic Delegate ( Pro-Nuncio from 1982 ) , Archbishop Bruno Heim , and then his successor , Archbishop Luigi Barbarito , the website said .
He was appointed Administrator of St Chad 's Cathedral in 1990 , just before its 150th anniversary the following year .
From 1988 to 1993 , Mr Conry was a member of the National Conference of Priests , and its vice chairman from 1992 to 1993 .
He was also chairman of the Birmingham City Centre Churches from 1992 to 1993 , and from 1993 to 2000 he was involved with training counsellors for Catholic Marriage Care , according to his biography .
Mr Conry was director of the Catholic Media Office in London , the press office of the Bishop 's Conference of England and Wales , and also editor of Briefing , the Bishop 's official journal , between 1994 and 2001 , it said .
He was consecrated as fourth bishop of Arundel and Brighton at Arundel Cathedral in June 2001 .
Following Mr Conry 's announcement , Cardinal Vincent Nichols , president of the Bishops ' Conference , said : “ This is a sad and painful moment .
“ It makes clear that we are always a Church of sinners called to repentance and conversion and in need of God 's mercy .
“ All involved in this situation are much in my prayers today . ”
Undefeated in qualifying . Top of Group B . Two goals conceded , the joint lowest total , with Romania , of 53 nations . Edging ahead of second , four points above third and seven clear of fourth with two games left to play . The tickets are in the basket . They can almost smell the freshly baked pastries . Who are these resolute men ? Who should Europe be looking over their shoulder for ? Erm…Wales .
Y Dreigiau have only qualified for a major international tournament once in their history , when they reached the quarter-finals of the 1958 FIFA World Cup . It 's been a long wait . 57 years of waiting , to be exact , filled with disappointment , unfulfilled ambitions and heartbreak . But now , the third oldest international team , ranked 8th in FIFA 's latest world rankings , are on the verge of qualification into the European Championships . They need only one point .
After their failure to qualify for the 2010 World Cup , John Toshack left the side leaving his assistant coach Brian Flynn in charge . After two games and two defeats , Gary Speed was appointed in early 2011 and they have n't looked back since . After a slow start , four wins in succession saw Wales jump from 117th in the FIFA world rankings to 45th . The desire was back in the side , the fans were behind the team again and on December 21 , 2011 , the day of the final FIFA rankings of the year , Wales were awarded the title of ‘ Best Movers ' of the year having gained more ranking points than any other nation in 2011 . Progress . Tragically , Speed 's last game as manager of Wales was November 12 , 2011 , an emphatic 4–1 home win over Norway .
Taking over from Speed was Chris Coleman , who not only had to live with raised expectations , but build on them , and all while counselling a heartbroken squad and mourning the death of his friend . In his first press conference in charge , Coleman stated that it would be “ the most difficult press conference I 'm ever likely to do ” , but he concluded that “ Gary was the manager of Welsh football and of course we want to continue his legacy. ” After an understandably slow start , Coleman has taken Wales out of the darkness with a young and rapidly maturing team that is now ready to perform on the big stage .
While Speed and Coleman have been extremely influential figures in this Welsh success , you can not overlook the impact of Gareth Bale . The man from Cardiff is the most expensive player in the world , and has been awarded the Welsh Player of the Year award four times in a row . Since his rise to prominence in 2012 , Bale has scored 18 goals in 52 appearances for his country , playing on the left , right and even as the central striker . Throughout qualifying for Euro 2016 , Bale has scored six and assisted two of Wales ' nine goals . The 26 year-old could succeed where the likes of Ian Rush , Mark Hughes and Ryan Giggs all failed – by starring in a successful Welsh qualifying campaign .
However , for all of Bale 's strengths , Wales are a team . A group of players who are honest , hardworking , motivated for each other and for their manager . The likes of Hal Robson-Kanu , Chris Gunter , Dave Edwards and Andy King are playing far beyond what is expected of them and do n't look out of place amongst the best in Europe .
In their first Euro 2016 qualifying match away to Andorra , Wales set up in a 4-4-2 formation . In goal was Wayne Hennessey , with a back four of Ben Davies , Ashley Williams , James Chester and Gunter ahead of him . Star man Bale occupied the right hand side , with Swansea left back Neil Taylor playing slightly further forward than normal in left midfield . Centrally , were the tidy Joe Allen and energetic King , with Ramsey playing in and around Simon Church up front .
With only six minutes on the clock , disaster struck after the home side were awarded a soft penalty . Andorra 's all-time top goalscorer Ildefons Lima tucked the ball into the corner , sending Hennessey the wrong way . Going a goal down kicked Coleman into action , as Gunter and Ramsey were moved into a midfield five , with Bale pushing further forward partnering Church up front , creating a 3-5-2 . The pro-active tactical switch paid dividends , as Davies provided a teasing cross from the left that allowed Bale to beat his marker and head firmly into the corner shortly after . The Real Madrid winger is often Wales ' go-to man , and he was again the instigator for success after whipping a trademark free kick into the top corner with ten minutes left to play . Off the mark and blushes spared , in what would prove to be a huge three points .
In a first vs second clash against Israel on March 28 , the team were set up in a defensively minded 5-3-2 formation . The back line again featured Hennessey in goal , with Davies , Williams and James Collins as the more central defenders of the five . In the wider areas were Taylor and Gunter , tasked with providing width when attacking but tucking in when defending , nullifying any space for the Israeli 's to work in . The midfield three were arguably the strongest options available to the manager , with Joe Ledley sitting slightly deeper than Ramsey and Allen , whilst Robson-Kanu was joined by Bale up front .
Ramsey and Bale were linking well and creating chances early on , and they would prove to be the match winners in Haifa . The deadlock was broken in first half injury time , after one long goal kick found the head of Bale , who then found the head of Ramsey to loop a brilliant effort over the keeper after a late run into the box – a trait of his seen so often for club and country . The away side smelled blood , and went 2-0 up through another incredible free kick from Bale , as he fired in from 20 yards despite Israel putting a defender on the line . The 26 year-old flourishes in this free role , and while he may steal the headlines , credit must go to the other players for their incredible work rate which allow him to do so . A third was scored late on by , you guessed it , Bale , running onto a pass from Ramsey and smashing past the goalkeeper from just inside the area . A disciplined yet clinical performance from the men in red , structured around their two-star men who duly delivered .
Unbeaten in their previous six , against Cyprus on September 3 , Coleman decided to deploy a 3-4-2-1 formation . Hennessey continued in goal , with Ashley Williams as the main centre half flanked by Davies to left and Gunter to his right . In midfield , Taylor and Jazz Richards occupied the wide areas as wing backs , with Edwards and King providing industry in the centre . Undoubtedly , the two most creative and influential players for the Welsh are Ramsey and Bale , and they were given attacking freedom slightly further forward , sitting just in behind the selfless Robson-Kanu playing as the lone frontman .
On a dry and difficult pitch in the scorching Cypriot heat , this was a cagey affair . After Ramsey curled an effort just over and Collins missed from all of six yards , nerves began to set in . Davies and Williams were excellent , heading clear any crosses coming into the box , and Edwards and King were constantly pressing the opposition in midfield . After Georgallides kept out a nice Ramsey effort with ten minutes left to play , it seemed it was n't going to be Wales ' day .
Here 's where the wing backs in the 3-4-2-1 earn their money . 81:00 . Ramsey , drifting wide and surrounded by three players , dinked a lovely pass into the path of Richards who made an intelligent run off the ball . After a quick look up , the Swansea man crossed a lovely ball into the back post where Bale met it like a stream train , and smashed a header high into the net . Their talisman wins them all three points when only one looked likely . They top Group B with three games left to play .
With Bosnia to face in Zenica on October 10 , followed by Andorra at Cardiff City Stadium on October 13 , everybody associated with Wales will be hopeful of gaining that last crucial point . With a group keen to continue Gary Speed 's legacy , Robson-Kanu has stated that qualification will be the perfect tribute to their late former manager . “ Throughout the special moments we 've had during the campaign , we 've remembered the impact Speedo had when he came in . That will never be forgotten . ”
Gunter has also spoken about remaining professional and seeing the job through . “ We 've worked so hard for so long , it 'd be a massive mistake to get complacent and think the job is done . If we start thinking we 'll be celebrating on Saturday night we 'll be caught out . It 's a really tough game . We have done well because we 've always prepared in the right way . Until we 've qualified we have to concentrate as anything can happen . ”
Should Wales qualify , it would mark a most sensational achievement that has been spearheaded not by individuals , but by a group intent on proving that the real story has only just begun .
The metallic heroes of `` Metal Men '' get a reintroduction into the DC Comics landscape with a new miniseries . ( Photo11 : DC Comics )
With a little Poison Ivy and some Sugar and Spike thrown in , DC Comics is giving some of its more interesting supporting cast their own spotlight .
Beginning in early 2016 , eight new six-issue miniseries will reintroduce old favorites back into the DC Universe and reposition them for the future — with the help of their original creators — while also giving other writing talent a chance to take on heroes that have n't been seen for a while .
`` By bringing them on to their own special limited series , we 're really spotlighting what 's so fantastic about these characters , '' says Bob Harras , DC 's editor-in-chief and senior vice president for editorial .
These comic books are born out of DC 's continuing push to diversify their line , adds DC co-publisher Dan DiDio , and readers will also `` see a lot of this feeding into that core sensibility of superhero storytelling . ''
Swamp Thing co-creator Len Wein is back writing his green monster again as well as a new Metal Men book , Marv Wolfman tackles his old Teen Titans heroine with Raven , Gerry Conway gets another dose of Firestorm , and Mike W. Barr returns with a tale featuring one of his original Outsiders — and reintroduces another well-known character — in Katana : Cult of the Kobra .
Their task was to `` freshen up and contemporize , '' DiDio says . `` We want the best writers working on our characters , and these are the best writers for these characters . ''
Katana and Swamp Thing are getting new stories from their respective creators , Mike W. Barr and Len Wein . ( Photo11 : DC Comics )
Wolfman , who co-created Raven with artist George Perez back in 1980 , sees this as an opportunity to reach an entire new generation of readers .
`` When I go to comic conventions it thrills me to see all the young fans cosplaying as Raven from the Teen Titans GO ! cartoon show , '' Wolfman says . `` Because so many comic fans are boys , it 's wonderful that there 's something about her that connects with both girls and boys . ''
Three other miniseries feature new voices showcasing different aspects of DC lore . With Poison Ivy : Cycle of Life and Death , writer Amy Chu ( Sensation Comics : Wonder Woman ) takes the Batman villainess in `` a really new direction , '' Harras says , `` and it 's a fun twist on her character and where she 's going to go . ''
Plus , Aaron Lopresti ( The New 52 : Future 's End ) brings Metamorpho back in a big way in a self-titled mini , and Keith Giffen 's Sugar & Spike puts a grownup spin on Sheldon Mayer 's popular comic-book toddlers of the 1950s and '60s .
DC was `` very cautious '' about reintroducing Sugar Plumm and Cecil `` Spike '' Wilson into the pantheon , DiDio admits . `` They 're not spoiled kids anymore , but they 're older and they 're operating as private investigators handling problems and mysteries that the superheroes ca n't handle themselves . ''
Aaron Lopresti reintroduces an old hero with `` Metamorpho , '' while Any Chu takes an old Batman villainess in a new direction with `` Poison Ivy : Cycle of Life and Death . '' ( Photo11 : DC Comics )
Chu finds Poison Ivy `` a fascinatingly complicated character with an incredible fan base , '' she says . `` We know her , but we do n't really know her . There 's so much opportunity to build her world without the burden of continuity . And let 's face it , writing villains is more fun . ''
Taking a big role in the DCU is also a very personal challenge for Chu . `` My grandfather was a doctor in Hong Kong back in the '50s , and apparently he was a huge DC fan , '' the writer adds . `` For years , he would have comics shipped to his office from the U.S . So for me to be writing comics today , and especially DC comics , is some kind of crazy karma . ''
DC began revamping parts of its lineup in June that brought a lot of changes for signature heroes , from Jim Gordon donning the Batman moniker to a different outfit and outlook for Superman . According to DiDio , the new miniseries gives DC a chance to make similar tweaks to lesser-known characters and also test the waters to see if fans want more of them .
`` This is about character but there is a complete story in every one of those miniseries , '' DiDio says . `` It has a beginning , middle and end , and something that affects the course of that character that we would be able to launch and take further if things are successful . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1IErq6a
Candied Citron
Pin 397 520 Shares
A few years ago I got a message from a nice young couple that had worked their way through each and every recipe in Room for Dessert , my first book , and wanted me to sign their copy . And let me tell you , these kids were really pioneers , as this was well before the “ cook every recipe from the book ” blogs got so popular—they did n't even have a blog !
When I met them , the book was filled with bookmarks and stains of all sorts . Obviously well-used , they really did n't even need to tell me that they 'd made everything in the book . But they did confess that the only recipe they could n't make was the candied citron , because they could n't find any citron .
I feel their pain . I was going to make panforte ( Italian fruitcake ) this year and I looked all over Paris this year for one and could n't locate a single , solitary cédrat , no matter where I looked . ( And I 'm scared to use those greenish pieces and strips sold in containers . ) My constant refrain is that you can get everything you want in Paris—except what you 're looking for . I scoped out specialty produce places , outdoor markets , and the Jewish épiceries . You name it , if there was the possibility of finding a citron in there , you can be sure there was a strange American fellow in there trying to explain to them what a cédrat was . But I guess I should n't complain about a country where you can find foie gras in natural food stores .
Last week I was over in the sixth for a doctor 's appointment and walked past Hédonie ( 6 , rue de Mezieres ) . On a whim , I peered through the window , and spotted a lone Buddha 's Hand citron resting in a basket amongst a pile of grapefruits .
Of course , it had no price on it ( that seems to be another truism about Paris—the one particular thing that you want to buy is the only item on the shelf that does n't have a price on it , prompting a “ price check ” , which here can range anywhere from five seconds to a shrug of the shoulders ) , but the lovely saleswoman put the lone citron on the scale and pressed a button marked agrumes Bachès , and it spit out a price of just over €5 . I hemmed and hawed for a few minutes then dug the heels of my cheap skates into the ground and bought it .
( She also told me that they usually get them in October , so let 's remember that for next year . )
People have asked me to put in recipes the time it takes to candy fruits . But that 's like asking someone how long it takes for water to boil . It 's pretty difficult to gauge , and no one wants to ruin a hard-won piece of fruit , so an inexpensive candy thermometer , which are available at most supermarkets , cookware stores , and even hardware stores , is the best way to judge when fruit is candied .
The two most common citrons are the Buddha 's Hand , with elongated tendrils , and the Etrog ( or Esrog ) citron , which resembles a big knobbly lemon . Be sure to buy one from a source that does n't spray their fruits or raises them organically .
( Oh , and by the way . That couple also finally found a citron as well , and made the recipe . I 'm not sure where or how , but they did drop me a line to let me know . )
Candied Citron Print Recipe One 8 ounce ( 240g ) fresh citron will yield about one cup ( 250g ) of candied citron pieces . You can scale the recipe up or down accordingly , depending on how many citrons you have . I do n't recommend candying more than four citrons in one batch ; if you have more , preserve them in subsequent batches.Many are likely to inquire if the corn syrup is necessary . You can leave it out but it does prevent the citron pieces from crystallizing and keeps them moister , which most other liquid sweeteners do not . 2 citrons 3 cups ( 600g ) sugar , plus 1 cup ( 100g ) for tossing the finished fruit 2 cups ( 500ml ) water plus additional water for blanching the citron pieces optional : 1 tablespoon light corn syrup 1 . Wash and dry the citrons , then cut them into 1/2-inch ( 2cm ) cubes . Put the pieces in a large saucepan , cover with a sufficient amount of water so it wo n't boil away , and blanch the citron pieces in barely simmering water for 30 to 40 minutes , until they 're translucent . 2 . Drain the citrons , then put 3 cups ( 600g ) of sugar , the 2 cups ( 500ml ) water , and the corn syrup ( if using ) in the pan with the citron pieces . 3 . Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pot and cook the citron until the temperature reaches 230ºF . ( 110ºC ) ( If you do n't have a candy thermometer , you can cook the citron until the syrup is quite thick and almost all gone , being careful not to burn the fruit pieces . ) During the final minutes of cooking , if the citron pieces are sticking to the bottom of the pan , gently stir them from time to time with a heatproof spatula or spoon to prevent burning . 4 . Once done , turn off the heat and let the citron pieces sit in the syrup for one hour . 5 . You can preserve the candied citron in the syrup in the refrigerator for at least one year . Or you can let the peel sit in the strainer for a couple of hours , stirring it occasionally , to let as much of the syrup drip away as possible . ( The syrup can be reserved and used to add to sparkling water for homemade soda . ) When done , toss the pieces of citron in sugar and let sit on a wire rack overnight to dry out . Then shake off the excess sugar , reserving it for another baking project , like lemon curd , marmalade , or ice cream . Storage : Store the citron pieces in a jar at room temperature ( if planning to use within a few weeks ) or in the refrigerator , until ready to use . The candied citron should last up to six months . It can also be stored in the syrup , as indicated in step # 5 . Troubleshooting Tip : If too much sugar clings to the finished peel , you either did n't let it cook enough , did n't drain it long enough , or the sugar was too fine . Depending on where you live , use the coarsest granulated sugar you can find . Cooking in France Tip : Granulated sugar in France is finer than sugar in the United States and will dissolve more readily when tossed with the just-candied citron . Be sure to use the coarse sucre cristallise rather than sucre semoule .
Related Links and Recipes
Panforte
Making Glazed Fruit : Citron
French Sugars
How to Make Candied Ginger
Tuscan Panforte ( Divina Cucina )
Panforte with Candied Quince ( Wednesday Chef )
Chocolate-Hazelnut Panforte ( Epicurious )
How to Candy Ginger
Bergamot Marmalade
Pin 397 520 Shares
“ Oh no , that person over there noticed I 'm getting a little pudgy. ” “ These people looking at my Facebook see that I 'm not posting pictures with a significant other , they must think I 'm lame because I 'm single ! ” “ My friends saw me order a cheaper drink at the bar , they probably think I 'm a broke loser. ” “ I was n't invited to that party , everyone in the group must hate me . ”
Ever say statements like those to yourself ? You 've probably thought at least one of them , or something similar . In this social media-driven modern world , we often imagine we live under a magnifying glass . Our lives are on full display . We imagine we 're judged for the things we share , or the things we do n't . We think the things that happen in our interactions are a consequence of it . Not being invited along for a bar outing is obviously because people think you 're annoying , right ? That has to be the reason .
The Law of False Attribution
That mode of thinking places your mind in a literal logical fallacy : The Law of False Attribution . In the realm of discussion and debate , this is defined as appealing to an irrelevant or fabricated source in support of an argument . It 's kind of like that kid you knew in third grade who was told by his uncle that works at Nintendo that if you beat the Elite Four 100 times with a level 5 Weedle , you could catch Mewthree . It 's an outlandish claim by an unverified source , and we 're guilty of inflicting that same mode of thought on ourselves .
In the field of psychiatry , this is a trait often attributed to people with narcissistic personalities . The difference here being is that narcissists will blame external events and other people for their problems . Many people , especially nerdy people like us , take this problem in the opposite direction . We blame ourselves for issues not directly related to ourselves or anything we do . This mode of thinking is just as destructive . We have to challenge it , if not for our own sanity 's sake .
Humans inherently seek order in the chaotic world we live in , it 's a consequence of our logical minds . We 're wired to seek patterns and systems to make sense of it all . Primitive people constructed stories of gods and monsters to explain natural phenomenon they would n't understand until thousands of years later . Wacky conspiracy nuts latch onto nefarious narratives of shadow government cabals to make sense of disorder and tragedy . We construct our own ‘ conspiracy theories ' when social interactions do n't pan out : It did n't go my way because people hate me or there 's something wrong with me .
The Hero 's Journey ( s )
Thousands of years of storytelling narrative put its own spin on how we view our world : We view our life as a story , and we 're the hero of it . Stories exist to affect and be affected by their heroes . Our own personal narratives are no different : The things that happen in our lives are supposedly a direct result of something we do or something directly intended to happen to us .
Now consider the fact that everyone around you also views life as a grand tale they are the hero of . That adds up to about six billion conflicting narratives . Causes for events wo n't add up when everyone views them differently . Outside of your friends , family , and associates , most people are too wrapped up in their own hero 's journey to care about yours . Do n't take this as a disheartening fact , it 's a relieving one .
Just as you might believe the entire world is judging you , almost every other person thinks the same thing . Unless you 're a celebrity or high-profile politician , there is no magnifying glass hovering over you , exposing your flaws to the world . Strangers or even casual acquaintances are too concerned about their own magnifying glass to look into yours . Simply put , most people do n't care about you until you directly affect their lives , whether it be in a negative or positive way .
Stop Caring , Because They Do n't
If everyone else is too concerned with their own fears of judgment , they 're too occupied to judge you . Try to keep this in mind as you navigate social situations in your life . If you 're afraid to go to the gym because you worry people will scoff at you for not lifting as much as they do , remember they 're either worried about judgment themselves or are too wrapped up in their own workouts to care about yours . If you 're upset you were n't invited to someone 's house party , remember that seven out of ten times it was n't a malicious act . They just did n't think about you when planning , and that means you have n't had enough of an impact on their life to be on their mind .
Use this as an impetus to go out and affect someone 's life in a positive way . If you want to be included in a group of people 's activities , get to know them better . Reach out to people . Take an interest in their story so that they would take interest in yours . I ca n't promise everyone will accept your offer of kindness or properly return it , but your chances of inclusion are much higher when you proactively seek friendships instead of sitting back and hoping it comes to you .
If people are n't responding to your acts of kindness , well , screw 'em . You do n't need unappreciative or unreceptive characters in your hero 's journey .
No Fault of Your Own
“ Nobody cares ! ” does n't always have to be a disheartening statement , it can be a vindicating one . Do n't let false attribution cloud your vision . The next time you worry about judgment , remember that metaphorical magnifying glass does n't exist and other people worry more about being judged themselves to judge you . They only care when you directly interfere with their lives , so interfere in a positive way .
Olaf and Kristoff have departed Arendelle and are almost ready to oversee Blizzard Beach 's inaugural “ Frozen Games ” this summer .
Starting May 27 and running through August 21 , Kristoff and Olaf will invite guests visiting Blizzard Beach to join Team Kristoff or Team Olaf each day to participate in a variety of winter-themed activities including :
Ice Pail Relays where teams line up and pass pails of water to one another , trying to be the first to fill a container at the end .
where teams line up and pass pails of water to one another , trying to be the first to fill a container at the end . A “ Snowball ” Toss where pairs compete in a snow-themed water balloon toss .
where pairs compete in a snow-themed water balloon toss . Ski Pole Limbo , a snowy twist on traditional limbo—using a ski pole as the limbo bar !
, a snowy twist on traditional limbo—using a ski pole as the limbo bar ! Slide Races that allow teams to race down one of the signature water slides at Blizzard Beach .
Olaf and Kristoff will be on hand , appearing on the Observation Deck near Summit Plummet to take part in the opening and closing ceremonies , and giving updates on their teams ' progress throughout the day .
The “ Frozen ” Games will be an all-day event that guests can sign up for when they arrive at the park entrance . All activities are included with regular admission to Blizzard Beach .
Kristoff will not be providing any type of meet and greet . Olaf should begin greeting guests at Disney 's Hollywood Studios soon .
Will you participate in the “ Frozen games ? ”
Darren Helm used to be the ace in our back pocket . We 'd say things like , “ yeah , but imagine if Helmer was healthy , things would be different , ” or “ Helm could be the best third line centre in the league , ” and we totally believed it then . This was after all , the man who put together THE SHIFT :
But our feelings about Helm are actually getting checked this year as he becomes a UFA and has the potential to walk this summer . In six seasons with the club , Helm 's best point total has been just 33 . I get it , it 's not really his role and I agree fully with you there . But this is a guy who spent a lot of time alongside Pavel Datsyuk in the Wings top six while other more skilled forwards saw minimal ice time . Can the Wings afford another $ 4M+ contract for a guy who likely wo n't break 40 points ? Let 's look at the complete stats first :
HERO CHART
This chart I think perfectly encapsulates the confusion in placing Darren Helm in the line up . All of his basic stats point to a third line player . This is why we 've warmed up so much to the guy . When the Wings were a true offensive threat , Helm stayed on the third line and he did the dirty work . He killed penalties , he outworked everyone on the ice and occasionally he 'd inject that fire in the team with a gritty goal . But then his possession numbers started to show maybe this was a guy ready for a top six roles . But it 's interesting because he never put up insane numbers in junior ( only one season above a point-per-game pace ) and had even less of a scoring touch in the AHL . It makes you wonder , would the team maybe have benefited from Helm being an exceptional third liner instead of a mediocre second line guy ? With the emergence of Athanasiou and Larkin as well as Nyqvist and Tatar coming off 28 and 29 goal seasons respectively do we not think maybe some of those guys could have produced more offence for the team in that role ?
CRUNCHING NUMBERS
The Basics :
Like we 've already touched on , nothing to wow you there . We can rejoice more over the fact he has 152 games played over the last two seasons than we can over any of the other stats there .
CORSI :
He 's a positive possession guy , that much we can praise . He plays the Detroit game and spending good time with a possession monster like Datsyuk will only help his numbers . Not much more to be desired here .
Goal-Based :
This one is pretty close . He 's at least stable here for the most part . He 's not generating a ton of scoring but he is n't on the ice for a ton of goals either . Sadly , with the way he 's deployed he has to be generating more offence if this team hopes to be successful going forward . His shooting percentage is reasonable too so we ca n't give him the benefit of not getting the bounces either .
Scoring Chances :
This one is a little more bleak . With his speed and his quality of line mates he should be generating more chances on the ice . But as we see here , the team was actually getting more chances when Helm was on the bench . Not by a big margin but again , you fill a forward group with guys with numbers like these and you begin to understand why there were so many one-goal games for the team this year . The second line has been a struggle for the Red Wings for approaching a decade now , essentially since you could n't purchase a Robitaille or Hull anymore .
2016-2017 PREDICITONS
My actual prediction ? Helm is n't a Red Wing next year . He either takes a juicy $ 4M contract on a mediocre team that can use his speed or he takes a smaller deal on a perennial cup contender to fill some gaps in their depth . Would n't surprise me to see Helm end up on a Philadelphia for the former or an LA/Anaheim for the latter .
Possibilities though ? Holland is all about loyalty and Helm is one of only a small group left from the last glory days . Helm could score a deal in Detroit but it would only further clog their forward group and take a spot someone else on the roster could do more with .
CONCLUSION
Being healthy ca n't be the only expectation we have for Darren Helm . I love the guy just as much as you , I seriously do , but these are the exact types of difficult decisions we have to get through if we want to break out of this dangerous slump we 're slowly backing into as an organization . He 's not a top six forward , that can be said for sure by now . The amount of times Datsyuk feathered a pass to this guy and it was sent high and wide was infuriating , especially when it came to playoffs . We ca n't have a top six forward getting less points than Mike Green . We just simply can not afford it .
If he could stay on as a cheap asset , fixed to that third line I would gladly welcome it . But if next season he were still here playing second line minutes I 'd be seriously disappointed .
Grade : C+
A billionaire who was a major donor to the Brexit campaign reveals he has lost around £400million in the stock market meltdown since the referendum but insists : ‘ I have no regrets ' .
Peter Hargreaves , the founder of financial advice firm Hargreaves Lansdown , said the shares he owns plummeted in value following last Thursday 's vote to leave the EU .
He was the biggest individual donor to the Leave campaign having given £3.2million to the cause .
'No regrets ' : Peter Hargreaves ( pictured ) , a billionaire who was a major donor to the Brexit campaign reveals he has lost around £400million in the stock market meltdown since the referendum but said : ' I have no regrets '
But since the outcome was announced Mr Hargreaves has seen the value of his FTSE-100 listed company Hargreaves Lansdown fall by 24 per cent , according to The Guardian .
Despite that , he bullishly insisted : ' I did n't do this for personal gain . I thought it would first and foremost be good for Britain . '
The billionaire is now retired and no longer an executive of Hargreaves Lansdown but still owns 30 per cent of its shares .
A slump in price from £13.89 to £10.56 in the days since last Thursday 's vote has wiped off more than £400million from Mr Hargreaves ' £2billion holding .
'The shares have suffered a fallout just as everything else has . Hargreaves Lansdown has fallen quite a lot , ' Mr Hargreaves said , before also welcoming the fall in sterling . It has hit a 31-year low against the dollar .
Stock market meltdown : Mr Hargreaves , the founder of financial advice firm Hargreaves Lansdown , said the shares he owns plummeted in value following last Thursday 's vote to leave the EU ( pictured )
THE BILLIONAIRE BREXIT BACKER The Brexit campaign 's donor Peter Hargreaves One of the country 's most successful self-made businessmen , Peter Hargreaves created an empire from his spare bedroom . Now worth more than £2bn , the plain-speaking Lancastrian 's road to riches began at the start of the 1980s after he left his job as an accountant . He spotted a gap in the market for savers and investors . He believed that by using newsletters he could give investment fund recommendations to customers . Hargreaves roped in Stephen Lansdown , a friend and fellow accountant who was still working at the company he left behind . After putting in £1,000 each they started to produce their first newsletters . The company they created , Hargreaves Lansdown , now has 783,000 customers , is worth almost £6bn and runs £59bn worth of savings , pensions and investments . It also employs more than 950 people , most of them in its Bristol HQ . Hargreaves , who was awarded a CBE in the 2014 New Year 's Honours for services to business innovation , financial services and the city of Bristol , claims to be the only person to have founded a FTSE 100 company without borrowing a penny . Hargreaves stepped down as chief executive in 2010 , and left the board last year . He and his wife Rosemary have been married for 30 years and have a son and a daughter .
He added : 'It will be the biggest stimulus for British business that I 've seen since 1992 . For FTSE 100 companies , many of whom make their earnings abroad , when those earnings are translated into sterling , it 's going to make them very profitable . '
Earlier this year Mr Hargreaves , one of Britain 's most successful entrepreneurs , urged the public to ignore the 'out of touch ' elite and vote to leave this 'stifling union ' .
Mr Hargreaves is a fierce critic of red tape from Brussels , which he said has stifled British firms .
But he has also dismissed warnings from Europhiles that leaving the EU will be catastrophic for trade , predicting in February that Britain would quickly secure a free trade deal .
He said : 'We are informed that a huge portion of our trade is with Europe . That would n't stop if we exit the EU .
'Everyone keeps forgetting we buy more from countries in the EU than they buy from us . '
He added : 'We are a major market for both France and Germany – look out of your window and count what proportion of cars are continental European . '
Although Mr Hargreaves is worth an estimated £2billion , he pays all his taxes in Britain and has refused to flee abroad – unlike many of his peers .
The businessman , who was awarded a CBE in the 2014 New Year 's Honours for services to business innovation , financial services and the city of Bristol , claims to be the only person to have founded a FTSE 100 company without borrowing a penny .
The company he created with partner Stephen Lansdown , Hargreaves Lansdown , now has 783,000 customers , is worth almost £6bn and runs £59bn worth of savings , pensions and investments .
It also employs more than 950 people , most of them in its Bristol HQ .
Hargreaves stepped down as chief executive in 2010 , and left the board last year .
Story highlights Nine people now dead in China following recent bird flu outbreak
Officials probing possibility of transmission among families
No evidence of human-to-human transmission of H7N9 so far
Source of bird flu outbreak unknown , 28 infections reported
Two more people have died from a rare strain of bird flu in China , as health officials investigate possible cases of transmission between family members .
The latest fatalities occurred in Anhui and Jiangsu provinces -- both in eastern China -- and brought the total number of deaths from H7N9 avian influenza to nine , from 28 reported cases , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency .
So far the virus has been limited to the east of the country , with infections reported in the Shanghai region , as well as in the provinces of Anhui , Jiangsu and Zhejiang .
A total of 13 cases , including five resulting in fatalities , have been reported in Shanghai alone , where the authorities are considering a permanent ban on the trading of live poultry after culling more than 100,000 birds in the past week in an effort to contain the problem .
While the source of the infection is unknown , poultry markets have become the focus of the investigation by China 's health ministry and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) . The virus had been known to affect pigeons but had not previously been discovered in humans until a series of cases were reported in China last week .
Other cities across China have announced plans to suspend trading in live birds . Authorities in the city of Nanjing took this a step further by announcing a ban on the trading of livestock and live poultry would come into effect from midnight on Tuesday , according to a statement from the Nanjing Urban Management Bureau -- though the WHO says no positive samples of the H7N9 virus have been found in pigs or farms in China so far .
JUST WATCHED Poultry markets closed over bird flu Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Poultry markets closed over bird flu 01:55
JUST WATCHED China on high alert over bird flu Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH China on high alert over bird flu 01:20
JUST WATCHED New deadly strain of bird flu in China Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New deadly strain of bird flu in China 01:10
Meanwhile , the WHO is investigating suspected `` family clusters '' of people who may be infected with H7N9 , potentially the first evidence of its spread between humans .
`` At this point , there is no evidence of sustained human to human transmission , '' said WHO spokesperson Gregory Hartl , in quotes carried by Xinhua . But he added that there are some `` suspected but not yet confirmed cases of perhaps very limited transmission between close family members . ''
According to Hartl , one of the suspected family clusters was in Shanghai , with three family members having similar symptoms and one of them being confirmed of H7N9 , Xinhua said . Two -- one confirmed and one suspected H7N9 case -- have now died , Hartl said . The other suspected cluster is in Jiangsu .
However Hartl cautioned that even if an infection is confirmed in another family member , further investigations would be required to ascertain whether it is actually a human-to-human transmission between constant and close contacts or a viral infection from the same environmental source , Xinhua said .
Despite assurances Tuesday from Vice Premier Liu Yandong that every effort would be made to prevent the spread of infections , Chinese netizens were taking to social media to voice their fears .
`` I graduated from junior high school when there was an outbreak of SARS , then I graduated from high school and there was an H1N1 outbreak . Well , now I graduated from college and there is an H7N9 outbreak ...... this generation has seen it all ! '' @ Welly Han declared on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging service .
Another , known as @ Zhulin , posted : `` At this point ( H7N9 influenza ) , not going out would be a wise choice . ''
This article is over 4 years old
A 21-year-old man was hospitalised after catching fire on top of a New York City-bound commuter train in Connecticut .
Metropolitan Transportation Authority officials said the man was found on fire on top of a Metro-North train shortly after 5am on Sunday in Greenwich . Crew members were trying to figure out why the train lost power when they found him .
An MTA spokesman , Aaron Donovan , said crew members doused Brian McClellen , of Ohio , with a fire extinguisher . He was taken to Westchester Medical Center . His condition was n't immediately available .
Donovan said MTA police were investigating how McClellen got on top of the train and why . The trains are powered by overhead electrical wires .
The train was carrying about 20 passengers . They had to get off and take another train toward New York .
Sandy Hook truther-reporter ? A popular local Fox TV anchor says there 's `` good reason to question this whole narrative ''
Journalists are supposed to question official accounts and probe for hidden evidence , but does questioning the media and police 's account of the Sandy Hook massacre go too far ?
It 's a question worth asking in regard to Ben Swann , an anchor at the local Fox affiliate in Cincinnati , who uses his personal YouTube channel to “ question this whole narrative ” and advance alternative theories about the Sandy Hook and Aurora shootings .
Advertisement :
Swann , who has attracted a national following by appealing to the Ron Paul-ish “ liberty vote , ” anchors two newscasts every day for Fox 19 , and produces the thrice-weekly “ Reality Check ” segment , which is billed as a fact-checking series , but can sometimes feel like a conservative-libertarian opinion segment . His interview with President Obama , in which he grilled the commander in chief on the legal underpinning of the “ kill list , ” captured national headlines , and he 's won an Edward R. Murrow award . He 's been praised alternately by RT and the Atlantic for his fierce coverage of civil liberties issues , but criticized by the Washington Post 's Erik Wemple for being too friendly to Ron Paul and “ allow [ ing ] his affection for constitutionalist politics to corrupt his judgment . ”
On the side , Swann hosts “ Full Disclosure , ” a slickly produced Web series featuring him talking straight to the camera about mostly national stories . After I wrote about Sandy Hook truthers last week -- people who hold various conspiracy theorists about the shooting -- a Swann fan sent me a recent episode of “ Full Disclosure , ” produced Jan. 3 , which questions the “ official narrative ” of the shooting spree .
Swann starts off the segment by mentioning the three mass shootings that have received widespread media attention this year : The Aurora , Colo. , theater shooting ; the Sikh Temple massacre in Oak Creek , Wis. , and the Sandy Hook spree . “ Earlier this year , I told you that there are major problems with the theory that the Colorado theater shooting was a lone wolf attack , is that true of these other two shootings as well ? This subject deserves Full Disclosure , ” he says at the beginning of the six-minute episode as the bumper graphic plays .
“ The official story from police : This was a lone wolf attack involving just one shooter , James Holmes . Police , of course , were not there during the attack . Witnesses who were said it was not one shooter , it was two , ” he continued , wearing a suit and standing in front of a backdrop showing his name floating above the Cincinnati skyline .
He moved on to the Sikh Temple shooting . While police say it was a lone gunman , “ again , according to eyewitnesses , that was not the case. ” He plays a few clips from interviews with eyewitnesses saying they saw multiple shooters . “ In that case , eyewitnesses said ... they were four well-trained people who seemed to know what they were doing and had a plan . ”
As for Sandy Hook , Swann said it sounds like a similar situation . Noting the “ official narrative ” says that alleged shooter Adam Lanza acted alone , “ That is what police have said , but again , there is evidence beginning to emerge that that was n't [ the case ] . ” He shows footage from a helicopter that has been circulated widely among conspiracy theorists allegedly showing two shooters running into the woods behind the school ( media accounts say the man was a parent who ran from the school after hearing gunshots ) .
Advertisement :
“ So what you need to know here is that in all three of these cases , there is n't just wild speculation that maybe there was more than one shooter . In fact , there 's a good reason to question this whole narrative . Because there has been no evidence so far -- no evidence provided by police , other than what they told us -- that there is only one shooter here . ”
At the end , he calls on police to release surveillance video from the scene of the shootings to prove there were not other shooters on the scene . The video has more than 80,000 views .
Of course , there is always all kind of false information and confusion in the immediate hours after a tragedy , and several of the eyewitnesses he shows had actually heard reports of multiple shooters secondhand from friends or relatives at the scene .
In another recent episode of the show , Swann takes a generous look at the LIBOR conspiracy theory , which speculates that there is a connection between Lanza and Holmes via their fathers ' alleged upcoming testimony on the banking scandal . Swann eventually dismisses the bulk of the theory , but not before credulously investigating the connection and the claims of “ alternative media . ”
Advertisement :
“ However , and here 's where it gets interesting , ” Swann continues , “ it does appear that Peter Lanza 's GE capital division , over which he was vice president , again according to ABC News , was involved in a bid-rigging scheme that used LIBOR rates to manipulate the bond market . That is the story as we know it so far . Is there more ? Maybe . And we 'll keep looking for it . ”
In a third “ Full Disclosure ” episode on Sandy Hook , he does rightfully debunk a meme floating around “ alternative media ” that Connecticut State Police had threatened to arrest people posting what they consider to be false information about the Sandy Hook massacre on social media .
In September , Swann appeared on the radio show hosted by Alex Jones , America 's most popular conspiracy theorist , who recently battled Piers Morgan . Jones says of Swann in his effusive intro : “ Basically , he 's like a professional , focused , kind of news-style Alex Jones , which I love ... I think this guy 's going places because he 's got it all ... He just absolutely knocks it out of the park . ”
Advertisement :
Asked by Jones how he 's allowed to cover the stories he does , Swann praises the owners of his station , Raycom Media , saying , “ I work for guys who are just interested in getting out factual information . ”
In an email , Swann defended his work , saying he is simply doing the work any journalist should do . `` The bottom line for me is the issue of asking questions . As you will notice , I do n't call these operations 'false flag ' as many people do ... But as a journalist , that is not my job . Rather , my job is to be a critical thinker , '' he wrote ( ellipses his ) .
Asked if the media is complicit , he said it 's difficult for him to answer , but said , `` most of our media fail to question stories . ''
Advertisement :
`` Take the Wisconsin temple shooting . Multiple people reported 4 shooters on the building . Even in the 'fog of war ' it would be difficult to mistake 1 person for 4 , '' he wrote . `` As you know , a journalist 's job is not to have the answers , it is to ask the questions and search for truth . That is why at the end of the video we call for the release of surveillance video to set the record straight , '' he said , adding that other journalists in Colorado have also called for the release of the footage .
A gunman reportedly dressed in a UPS uniform shot multiple people at the parcel service 's building in San Francisco , California , the company has confirmed . Three victims and the shooter are dead , and at least two people were injured .
UPS has confirmed that the gunman , who killed himself , as well as the victims , three dead and two injured , were all employees .
While police have not confirmed the suspect 's identity , local media has identified the suspect as Jimmy Lan , based on various sources including UPS employees and police .
Just before 9:00am local time Wednesday , police responded to a call that multiple people were shot , San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters . Once on scene , they declared an active shooter situation .
When officers entered the building , they encountered several shooting victims , whom they immediately evacuated for medical treatment . There were six people shot , including the suspect .
When police encountered the shooter in the building , he was holding an `` assault pistol , '' which he turned on himself and committed suicide , Chaplin said . Officers recovered two guns at the scene .
Police briefing at 1130 . Police sources now revise info - 3 dead . The fourth is gunman who shot himself pic.twitter.com/WFOvmAmyBx — Vic Lee ( @ vicleeabc7 ) June 14 , 2017
Officers evacuated UPS employees from the building , located on San Bruno Avenue in the Potrero Hill neighborhood . The SFPD declared the building secure around 10:30am local time .
Police are still searching the building for more victims and any witnesses who may have sheltered in place , Chaplin said .
`` Investigators are going through painstaking interviews with everyone who was in the building '' when the shooting occurred , including any non-employees who may have been present , he added .
San Francisco police escort a large group of UPS workers and customers away from shooting scene . Reports say 2 dead , 5 shot . 17 & Vermont pic.twitter.com/EqMxeiR4oq — Scott McGrew ( @ ScottMcGrew ) June 14 , 2017
Two people were pronounced dead at the scene , while the gunman and the fourth person died at San Francisco General Hospital , KNTV reported . A fifth person walked in to the hospital with a leg wound .
Police do not have a motive , nor do they know if the victims were random or targeted , but they do not believe the shooting was related to terrorism , Chaplin said .
at 16th/Utah : Evacuated San Francisco UPS Emoyees told `` do not talk to anyone , you will first be interviewed by police . '' @ CBSSFpic.twitter.com/Qrw71N4ZQz — Wilson Walker ( @ Wilson_Walker ) June 14 , 2017
The packaging , sorting and distribution facility has 850 employees , according to UPS . The shooting occurred in an area that is away from where customers pick up and drop off packages .
`` The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees , family members and the community we share , '' UPS said in a statement . `` Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident . ''
Shocked UPS employees who have been evacuated from shooting scene . pic.twitter.com/UYKCp0hoXK — Eric Thomas ( @ ericthomaskgo ) June 14 , 2017
The Red Cross has set up two unification sites .
The San Francisco shooting comes just hours after five people were injured in Alexandria , Virginia , after a gunman attacked the Republican members of Congress who were practicing for an annual charity baseball game .
UPDATE : Teen spotted in security camera video , police say
GLASSBORO -- Police are asking for the public 's help in locating a missing 14-year-old girl .
Sikose Joseph , a resident of Trinidad visiting family in Glassboro , left the home where she was staying late Sunday , according to borough police .
While she has connections to the New Brunswick/Elizabeth area , police do not know if that is her destination .
They also do n't know if she is with anyone else .
Sikose is described as 4 feet 6 inches tall , 150 pounds , and may be carrying an oversized pink bag or purse .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Glassboro Police at 856-881-1500 or their local police department . Anonymous tips can be provided by texting `` GLASSPD '' and your tip to 847411 ( tip411 ) .
Matt Gray may be reached at mgray @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ MattGraySJT . Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook .
ERBIL — Iraq 's State Oil Marketing Organization ( SOMO ) plans to hold talks with the Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) about exporting the Iraqi oil through the Kurdistan Region 's pipeline to Turkey , Deputy Oil Minister Fayadh al-Nema said in an interview with Reuters on Friday .
`` If the negotiations come to a close '' without an agreement `` we will start looking for a way in order to sell our oil because we need the money , either to Iran or other countries '' , he said .
Iran would import the Iraqi oil to its refineries and export an equivalent amount of its own crude on behalf of Baghdad from the Iranian ports on the Gulf . Iraq has ports on the Gulf but they are not linked to the northern Kirkuk fields by pipeline .
Iraq 's state-run North Oil Company ( NOC ) resumed exporting crude oil through the Kurdish-controlled pipeline to Turkey last week as `` a sign of goodwill to invite them ( the Kurds ) to start negotiations , '' Nema said .
He said pumping the crude oil through the Kurdish oil pipeline resumed by a decision from PM Haidar al-Abadi following `` some understanding '' between Baghdad and Erbil .
The flow of crude oil extracted from Kirkuk by NOC and pumped in the pipeline has been running at about 75,000 bpd since last week , which is half the rate before it was halted in March , said the Iraqi official , expecting an increase in the volume to more than 100,000 bpd if Baghdad reaches an agreement with Erbil .
The Kurdish oil pipeline carries crude oil to Ceyhan port , where the Kurdistan Region has been selling it independently on the international market , along with oil produced in the northern region .
The Kurdish government has been calling on Baghdad since March to resume the pumping of Kirkuk crude oil in full to help Erbil fund its war against Islamic State . Sources in Erbil have said splitting the Kirkuk flows would divide the Kurds and complicate the task of fighting the ultra-hardline militants .
Safeen Dizayee , Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) spokesperson told Reuters earlier in June that KRG is ready to reach an agreement with Baghdad if Baghdad guarantees them a monthly revenue of $ 1 billion .
KRG stopped delivering crude oil to the central government about a year ago , when Baghdad 's payment fell under $ 400 million a month , Dizayee said .
He was 10 feet tall , with a long beard and yellowish-blond hair , Tim Peeler says .
And in the early-morning hours of June 5 , Peeler told authorities , the creature – a Cleveland County version of Bigfoot – wandered onto Peeler 's property in the rural northwest part of the county .
The Cleveland County Sheriff 's Office has filed the case as a “ suspicious person report ” but says it is keeping an open mind .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
Peeler lives on Vanada Drive , northwest of the town of Casar . There is little or no civilization between his property and South Mountain State Park , one of North Carolina 's least-developed recreational sites . He told deputies he heard screeching and grunting sounds , came outside his cabin , and saw the creature near his mountain home . Peeler told authorities he thought the creature might be menacing his dogs .
“ I rough-talked him and said , ‘ You get away from here , ' ” he told NewsChannel 36 , the Observer 's news partner .
Peeler , who said the creature had six fingers on each hand , told WCNC the Bigfoot left his property but came back a short time later .
“ And I said , ‘ Get ! Get ! ' And he went back down the path again , ” Peeler told the TV station .
These reports are n't new to Cleveland County , although it has been three decades since Knobby – the county 's other well-publicized Bigfoot – was in the news .
In the winter of 1978 and '79 , a number of people in the area near Carpenter 's Knob , north of Kings Mountain , reported seeing a large creature with long back hair , walking on two legs . Authorities surmised residents were seeing a large black bear , but the reports persisted .
One property owner reported one of his goats died of a broken neck , and newspaper stories from the time report of manhunts – or Bigfoot hunts – by some of the area 's braver residents . Those stories tell of large footprints being found , and of theories that the creature might have been a panther .
Reports of the sightings died out in the spring of 1979 , however .
The sheriff 's office says it patrols the area near Peeler 's property regularly .
“ If we see something , we 'll try to capture it and take it into custody , ” Sgt . Mark Self told NewsChannel 36 .
The sheriff 's office says residents should use caution around any creatures – in case they find themselves dealing with a not-so-friendly bear .
NewsChannel 36 contributed .
NEW YORK -- You never know who you might see at the NFL draft , but one celebrity in attendance Thursday night at Radio City Music Hall still took us by surprise .
Daniel Radcliffe , best known for his work as Harry Potter , was spellbound by the first-round action at the 2012 NFL Draft . ( Alix Drawec/NFL.com )
Harry Potter , aka Daniel Radcliffe , was in the house .
Our in-house spies told us Radcliffe is an avid NFL fan who has become borderline obsessed with the game . While he 's still learning the game , Radcliffe is a big New York Giants fan who always has wanted to come to the draft .
This probably wo n't come as a surprise , but Harry Potter is a big-time fantasy ( football ) guy .
This is the part of the post where I 'm supposed to drop some serious Hermione references , but I 'm the last man on Earth who has yet to see a Harry Potter movie or read one of the books .
I always respect a celebrity more when they legitimately know sports and show real fandom . Showing up to watch NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell read names off a card qualifies .
A group of nearly 200 “ extremely concerned citizens ” in a small Montana county are demanding that local leaders fill out a “ questionnaire ” pledging to form a local militia , prohibit mandatory vaccinations , boot the EPA out of town , allow citizens to bear any type of gun , and require federal government employees to get written approval before approaching “ any Citizen . ”
Organized in part by a group called Celebrating Conservatism , which is lead by a woman who quit the state GOP after complaining of “ fake ” Republicans , the questionnaire was presented this week to the county commissioners and sheriff of Ravalli County , according to the local Republic newspaper.Celebrating Conservatism 's worldview appears to be rooted in the militia movement . Last year it [ hosted ] ( http : //montanaconservat0ive.wordpress.com/2009/08/12/jack-mclamb-to-speak-in-hamilton-mt-on-august-18th/ ) Jack McLamb , head of the Idaho-based Police and Military Against the New World Order , which [ agitates ] ( http : //jackmclamb.community.officelive.com/operationvampire.aspx ) against “ world government rule . ”
[ Ravalli County ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravalli ) , population 35,000 , sits about an hour south of Missoula in southwestern Montana .
The Ravalli questionnaire , which you can read here , demands that local officials pledge :
* To form and command a county militia of all citizens 18 or older . However , it adds : “ Note : Women must serve , but not in a combat capacity unless the men are in danger of being overrun . ”
* “ To absolutely prohibit all efforts , Federal , State or city , that infringe upon the right to keep and bear arms including the requirement to have a permit to carry a concealed weapon and restrictions on the kinds of weapons one may possess and carry , eg. , fully automatic , silenced , length of barrel , length of blade , opening mechanism of a knife , etc . ”
* To require federal employees to obtain written permission from the sheriff before approaching local citizens .
* “ To prohibit mandatory vaccinations . ”
* To prohibit federal employees from collecting census information beyond the number of adults in each home .
* To block all Environmental Protection Agency employees from entering the country . ( We should note here that the editor of the * Republic * tells us he knows of no EPA activity in the county . )
* “ To use the term ‘ peace officer ' in lieu of the current law enforcement officer . ' ”
Robert Gairing of Stevensville , a town south of Missoula , told the Republic “ we need to know definitively whether or not our public officials will defend their oath and our constitutional rights and be willing to take positive constitutional action on our behalf . ”
Reached today by TPMmuckraker , Gairing , who helped compose the questionnaire , said he decided to stop talking to media because “ it 's way too complicated to give justice to in an interview. ” He added that no elected offiicals have filled out the questionnaire yet .
According to private watchdog group , the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property , annual losses of intellectual property range from around $ 225 billion to as much as $ 600 billion . The breakdown is as follows :
Theft of Trade Secrets : between $ 180 billion and $ 540 billion .
Counterfeit Goods : between $ 29 billion and $ 41 billion .
Pirated Software : $ 18 billion .
China , including Hong Kong , is the biggest culprit , says the commission , accounting for about 87 percent of the counterfeit goods which are confiscated at the border . The report issued by the commission states that Chinese authorities actually encourage the theft of intellectual property .
The commission is headed by former governor of Utah and Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman , who was also a US ambassador to China ; and a former director of US national intelligence , Admiral Dennis Blair .
The years-in-the-making Gov't Mule live album Dark Side Of The Mule was finally released today . The new LP was recorded live at The Orpheum Theatre in Boston on Halloween 2008 and most notably includes a Pink Floyd tribute set with Warren Haynes & Co. 's takes on such songs as “ Money , ” “ Wish You Were Here ” and “ Fearless . ”
While the deluxe edition of Dark Side Of The Mule can be streamed below thanks to Spotify , we suggest picking up the physical release , which includes video of the entire show . Dark Side Of The Mule made our list of the year 's ten best archival releases .
Take a listen to Dark Side Of The Mule :
Disc 1
Brighter Days
Bad Little Doggie
Brand New Angel
Gameface
Trane / Eternity 's Breath / St. Stephen Jam
Monkey Hill
Child Of The Earth
Kind Of Bird
Disc 2
One Of These Days
Fearless
Pigs On The Wing , Pt . 2
Shine On You Crazy Diamond , Pts . 1 -5
Have A Cigar
Speak To Me
Breathe ( In The Air )
On The Run
Time
The Great Gig In The Sky
Money
Comfortably Numb
Disc 3
Shine On You Crazy Diamond , Pts . 6 – 9
Wish You Were Here
A Million Miles From Yesterday
Blind Man In The Dark
Illustration : Liu Rui/GT
Is Australia no longer safe for Chinese students ? A recent brutal attack in the capital Canberra left three Chinese high school students injured , with one 17-year-old requiring hospitalization .
This has certainly affected Australia 's image , leaving many Chinese students and their parents concerned about safety and human rights in Australia .
The horrible experience could become a turning point in their attitudes toward Australia . Many Chinese students have said they regularly felt threatened and targeted because of their nationality , but all may not be as it first seems .
This kind of experience is not limited to Chinese people . Ben , my white Australian friend , had the similar experience during his stay in Canberra . He was insulted as a `` white c * * * '' after he refused to give money to a drug taker on the street . They target individuals , not nationality .
Sydney residents told me that in the past , Indian people had been a target of street attacks . Nowadays , more Chinese students wear expensive brands , drive fancy cars and buy expensive jewelry without blinking .
If they are targeted , Chinese people do n't fight back because they do n't want to put their visa at risk . They worry that if they get involved in violent conflict with Australians , the police will always take their side . This could be why they are victimized like this .
Racial discrimination is still an issue in Australia , and it is generally against any other race except for white . My Italian-Australian friend was insulted as `` dago . '' The famous Australian newsreader Jeremy Fernandez was once verbally abused by a woman after he turned around to address her daughter for flicking and pinching his daughter on a bus in 2013 . He was called a `` black c * * * '' and told to `` go back to his country . ''
During my stay in Australia , I was once called a `` stupid Chinese '' by a driver who did not want to slow to let me pass . I was also called a `` Japanese bitch '' by a weird stranger . They say whatever they want to say based on how you look .
I am angry , but I know it 's not fair to blame it on the whole country . People who lack education and morals are n't unique to Australia . Crimes happen even in a safe city . It may seem from the news that these incidents only happen to Chinese because a lot of Chinese only read Chinese media , which mainly focuses on Chinese related stories . If you read reports in other languages , you will see it is not just a `` Chinese case . ''
Some Australian-focused Chinese WeChat public accounts , such as Today Sydney or Melbourne Yinxiang frequently comment on discrimination or on anything negative connected to Chinese people . They exaggerate the facts and escalate the issues to attract more attention . Reading its articles almost makes me feel they deliberately highlight discrimination cases to get clicks and hits .
If in Beijing , some foreign expats claimed that Chinese are discriminating against them and Chinese are scoundrels because they were robbed on the subway or got ripped off at the market , is that fair ?
Indeed , I notice more and more Australians believe in the `` China threat '' theory because they see more Australian houses and farms bought by Chinese . They think that rich Chinese have pushed up the price of local real estate so they can no longer afford a house . Australian milk powder goes out of stock because of high demand from Chinese buyers . They behave in their Chinese way in Australia , such as not standing in line or shouting at the wait staff in a restaurant . When a Chinese holiday comes , all the luxury products quickly sell out . These behaviors might trigger some hostility toward Chinese .
The Australian government should take more actions to guarantee the safety of Chinese international students . Racism in whatever manner is not acceptable . Most well-educated Australians object to racism and fight against it . It is better to get support and help from them than staying in a Chinese community and assuming that Australians dislike Chinese .
The author is a Beijing-based journalist . She lived in Sydney from 2014 to 2016. opinion @ globaltimes.com.cn
Pelosi : Romney wanted to be booed by NAACP
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) is hinting that all those boos toward Mitt Romney on Wednesday at the NAACP convention may have been exactly what the former governor was counting on .
“ I think it was a calculated move on his part to get booed at the NAACP convention , ” Pelosi said in an interview with Bloomberg TV on Wednesday . She did not elaborate further during the three-minute interview clip provided by Bloomberg .
( Also on POLITICO : Mitt to NAACP : In my heart , I 'm the candidate for you )
Romney , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee , faced a chorus of boos as he vowed before the crowd in Houston to repeal the health care law , the signature domestic policy achievement of President Barack Obama . The law 's constitutionality was upheld by the Supreme Court last month .
Back in Washington , the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus was n't all too pleased either with Romney 's comments on health care , either .
“ I felt terrible when the booing started , but I also believe that if he 's got any African-Americans in and around his campaign – which I do n't know ; if he does , I do n't know any of them -- if he has staff members who vetted that speech or inserted some of the things that I heard , they should be fired , '' Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( D-Mo . ) told a handful of reporters . “ I mean , how in the world would you stand up in front of the NAACP and say that you oppose Obamacare ? ”
( Also on POLITICO : NAACP whacks Romney hours after speech )
But Cleaver at least gave Romney an “ A ” for effort .
“ You know , they call the members of the NAACP African-Americans and the last word is Americans , ” Cleaver said . “ So they deserve to hear what the presidential candidates are going to say even if they are Republican . And so I give him an A for that . ”
Police : Man torched woman 's car in sex deal
Richard James Benavides Richard James Benavides Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Police : Man torched woman 's car in sex deal 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Universal City police arrested a man they say set a woman 's car on fire after she refused to follow through with a deal to exchange sex for money .
Richard James Benavides , 39 , was set to be booked in Bexar County Jail on one count of arson and one count of obtaining drugs by fraud . A judge set bail at $ 35,000 .
An arrest warrant affidavit states Benavides offered to pay a woman he was supplying with the anxiety drug Xanax the $ 2,000 she needed to buy her mother 's 1993 Nissan sedan .
Discussing the deal at lunch Nov. 30 , Benavides said he would exchange money for sex and the woman reportedly agreed and took the money , the affidavit states . But the next day , she sent him a text message saying she had changed her mind and that she 'd reimburse him using her income tax refund , police said .
The woman then allegedly changed her phone number , and on Dec. 1 , the woman heard the Nissan 's alarm sound at her Universal City home in the 400 block of West Wright , but thought nothing of it , the affidavit states .
Later , she walked outside to find the car on fire . Benavides was arrested without incident around 9:30 p.m. Wednesday .
If you 're going to a Super Bowl party or watching at your favorite pub , you may think differently about beer after reading this .
Locally brewed craft beers are booming here in Central Ohio . In fact , Scottish craft brewer BrewDog is building its American headquarters in Canal Winchester .
We wanted to tell a story from a couple of perspectives : Talk to people who 've been around the Columbus craft scene for a long time and talk to a relative newcomer .
`` The quality is there and the variety is there , '' Lenny Kolada said .
He 's known as ‘ brewdood ' and also known as the guy who started the brewpub business in Columbus . In the early 90 's , he opened Barley 's in Short North .
“ The first alehouse that had a variety of beers other than pilsner and lagers and that sort of thing was my creation , '' Kolada said .
Years later , he opened Smokehouse on Dublin Road , because in his words , `` beer and barbeque go well together . '' Flashing ahead 17 years later , he 's still cranking out brew and 'cue .
I also found a newcomer to the business even though Geoff Towne has a ton of experience . He worked for Sam Adams and has a master 's degree in ‘ brewing science ' from University of California-Davis . He founded Zauber Brewing Company several years ago .
Towne moved into a much bigger space in Grandview Heights and now has a bar and brewhouse under one roof .
Zauber means 'magical ' or 'enchanting ' in German , according to Towne . In conjunction with the name , Zauber Brewing Company focuses on German and Belgian-style ales .
His business model is different from Lenny at Smokehouse . Zauber beers are available in hundreds of central Ohio bars at times . Bars will always carry Bud , Miller , etc. , but shuffle local brews in and out of circulation .
Towne wants to can his beer too and says Zauber is in the middle of the canning process .
Something else that 's helped the local craft beer scene in Columbus : The blog , Drink Up Columbus .
Founder Cheryl Harrison said the blog was launched when there were only five breweries in the Columbus area . Within two years , there were 15 . At the start of 2016 , there are almost 30 . She predicts the number will climb to 40 or 50 over the next five years .
Let 's be honest , `` brewmaster '' is the one of the coolest job titles in the world , but remember , the restaurant/bar business is brutal and demands constant attention to detail and long hours .
Still , Kolada loves his life . He certainly had other plans when he went to college , but once he started brewing beer in his home decades ago , he knew what he wanted to do .
`` You know , I was an architect , '' Kolada said . `` Now I 'm doing beer and BBQ -- heck yeah I 'm having a good time ! ''
10TV 's resident beer connoisseur and photographer Chris Blake is a craft beer expert . Here are a few of his favorites and where to find them :
Zauber - Bruzer
Zauber - Vertigo
Smokehouse Brewing - Saint Joan 's Revenge
Smokehouse Brewing - Saint Nick 's Deep Wood Reserve
North High Brewing - Milk Stout
Four String Brewing - Vanilla Porter
Sideswipe Brewing - Coop Looter
Land Grant Brewing - Beard Crumbs
For more Super Bowl news and videos , head over to 10TV 's Super Bowl page
Protests in Donaghmede , Dublin 13 yesterday .
Cunning Hired Knaves writes :
“ In Jobstown , Dublin , on Saturday afternoon , a woman was confined to her car for two hours . Insults were shouted . A water balloon was thrown . The car was rocked back and forth , and people banged noisily on the roof of the car . Following Garda intervention , and negotiation among the protesters , the woman was allowed to leave . ”
“ On the scale of things , on the scale of the massive structural violence inflicted by austerity policies in Ireland , this was nothing . Nothing . That did not stop a host of figures from Ireland 's political and media establishment , but also a good deal of polite society , from weighing in against the protesters , with terms like “ scum ” , “ mob ” , “ fascists ” liberally cast around . ”
“ In this regard , Joan Burton is a beneficiary of socialism for the rich . The concern for her wellbeing is a product of the indignation felt by the rich – and those who identify with them – when they feel that one of their own has come under attack . They look at her and ask themselves what if it was them , or what if it was a member of their family . The sympathy is second nature . ”
“ By contrast , the protesters who surrounded the car are an amorphous , menacing swarm . They are not people like “ us ” ; they are not brothers or sisters or people struggling to pay bills or people enduring any kind of humiliation or hardship who have found a common cause together . The fact that they have appeared in public view , that they have stopped the normal order and flow of things where those who rule are treated with respect and those who are ruled maintain a harmless distance , becomes cause for instinctive outrage . ”
“ The idea that they might be stopping the car , and even hurling insults or a water balloon , because the government represents the interests of the rich whilst expecting to be treated like dignitaries , is beyond the bounds of polite conversation and contemplation . Joan is right because the State is right because the markets are right and because we are right , and that is that , and anyone who disagrees is an enemy of democracy . This , as I was saying the other day , is what demophobia looks like . ”
“ The focus on the Socialist Party TD for the area , Paul Murphy , and on his role in the protests , is in keeping with this fear of the mob . What is outrageous about him , from this perspective , is not that he is an elected representative and hence not behaving like the genteel legislator he ought to be , but rather that he is from a relatively comfortable background . And as such , he is a traitor to the cause of socialism for the rich . ”
“ People from relatively comfortable places , according to this line of thinking , have no business finding common cause with people from Jobstown , since the latter do not know their own minds : people like him should become accountants and vote Labour and remain respectable members of society . And if people in places like Jobstown do irrupt into our line of vision , it is n't because they have decided among themselves to mobilise because they have had enough , but because they have been led astray . They are there to be led ; they are not there to take part in politics , and if the Gardaí have to batter them , well , that 's regrettable , but they 're just restoring proper order , after all . ”
“ And the trouble for Ireland 's political and media establishment , and also a good deal of polite society , is that this “ mob ” is not planning on going away soon . And deep down , they know it , and they are scared . Hence it is easier and more productive to focus on a single brick than to contemplate the crumbling foundations beneath them . ”
Project Veritas — now in the headlines for a bungled sting of The Washington Post — has been soliciting donations in Utah even though the state stripped it of a permit needed to allow such fundraising .
For example , Dan Harrie — The Salt Lake Tribune 's editor of government and politics — received solicitations by email from the group for at least 19 months , including a flurry since its run-in with The Post . Harrie said he has no idea how he landed on its email list .
Harrie also did not know that such solicitations may violate Utah law until The Post reported that Utah and Mississippi had stripped the group of licenses needed to raise money because of a criminal conviction by its chief , James O'Keefe .
Russell Verney , executive director of Project Veritas , said Harrie would have had to sign up personally for emails from the group — or someone else signed up using his name . He said it has no way to know if email-only registrations come from Utahns , so any violation of state law with emails to Harrie or others was inadvertent .
He adds that donors must provide their address to the group when they give it any money , and contributions that Project Veritas receives from Utah are returned to comply with state law .
The situation provides another twist for the group that The Post said appears to have attempted to embarrass it with a woman falsely telling the paper that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore impregnated her when she was a teenager . The Post checked out her story , found it was false and discovered ties between her and Project Veritas .
That group is known for secretly recording conversations in an attempt to embarrass liberal targets .
In 2013 , the Utah Division of Consumer Protection refused to renew the group 's status as a registered charitable organization — which is necessary to legally seek donations in the state .
Documents show the division ruled that O'Keefe , the group 's chief , had been “ convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude ” for a misdemeanor stemming from entering the office of then-Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-La. , in New Orleans under false pretenses to attempt to film activities there .
State documents also say O'Keefe made misrepresentations to Utah officials about that event — first stating that others pretending to be phone repairmen in Landrieu 's office were not part of Project Veritas , only to admit later that they were but that “ they went off script . ”
Utah officials also complained that the initial application filed in 2011 by Project Veritas “ did not disclose O'Keefe 's misdemeanor conviction and did not even include O'Keefe on the list of officers , directors , trustees and executives of the organization. ” They said that amounted to attempting to obtain a permit by misrepresentation .
The state warned the group that soliciting donations in Utah without the registration that was denied “ is a violation of the [ Utah ] Charitable Solicitations Act … which carries both civil and criminal penalties . ”
Among penalties allowed by that law are division administrative fines of up to $ 500 per violation or up to $ 10,000 for any series of violations “ arising out of the same operative facts. ” It allows state courts to impose fines of up to $ 2,000 for each violation and civil penalties “ or any other relief the court considers just . ”
Of note , the New York attorney general warned Thursday that his state may also revoke the ability of Project Veritas to solicit donations there . He gave the group until Dec. 14 to explain why it failed to disclose O'Keefe 's conviction and had other omissions on records submitted to the state .
Jennifer Bolton , spokeswoman for the Utah Department of Commerce , said the division seeks enforcement only when it receives complaints . She also said it does not disclose whether it receives them , but will make public any actions resulting from them .
Harrie said he does not plan to file a complaint , but sought to make public that the group was at least soliciting him and perhaps other Utahns . He 's received nearly a solicitation a day from it since The Post published its story about the sting .
One on Tuesday from O'Keefe asked , “ Can I count on you for a donation of just $ 26 — or even $ 52 — to Project Veritas so my team can continue the hard-hitting investigations that are rattling the mainstream media to their core ? ”
Harrie said he has no recollection of ever signing up for emails from Project Veritas . But Verney said , “ In order to be on our list , he has to have signed up or somebody signed him up . ”
He added , “ Whoever signed him up , whether it 's somebody on staff or just somebody that thought he did n't get enough junk mail , it was not us . We do n't sign up people to our list randomly . ”
Verney says he doubts Harrie 's name could have come from lists of donors sometimes rented from other organizations . “ You could use that list one time to send a message to that person . If that person responded to you , then you can continue . They have essentially opted in . ”
Verney said people may request newsletters or other information from Project Veritas by providing an email address and then may also receive solicitations . He said the group has no way of knowing if such people are from Utah .
“ We had no way of knowing we were violating Utah law . But now that you 've told me that email addresses ending in ‘ sltrib.com ' are in Utah , we will suppress those . ”
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE would beat Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE if votes for president were cast today , according to the election results predictor designed by top pollster Nate Silver .
ADVERTISEMENT
FiveThirtyEight 's “ now-cast ” model is giving Trump a nearly 10-point edge over Clinton in response to the question , “ Who would win the presidency today ? ”
On the eve of presidential debate , , @ FiveThirtyEight poll analysis shows Trump favored to win on Election Day . # tcot pic.twitter.com/jk4BNa8uCt — The Patriarch Tree ( @ PatriarchTree ) September 26 , 2016
Silver previously gave the Republican presidential nominee a sizable advantage over his Democratic rival in late July , following the Republican National Convention .
Today 's prediction comes just hours before the crucial first presidential debate .
Clinton , the Democratic nominee , still holds the lead in FiveThirtyEight 's two other predictive models : polls-plus forecast and polls-only forecast .
In both models she leads by a narrow margin of 3.6 percentage points .
The website 's electoral map graphic appears to show Clinton winning over 270 electoral votes in all three models , though in its calculation of total electoral votes won by each nominee , Trump receives 275.9 votes to Clinton 's 261.9 .
UPDATE 3:53 p.m. : New polls released since Monday morning have led FiveThirtyEight to revise their now-cast in Clinton 's favor .
Bethesda game director talks next project
Bethesda game director Todd Howard recently spoke to Rock Paper Shotgun about the Fallout series , and you probably are n't going to like what he has to say . Although everyone expects a `` Fallout 4 in Boston '' reveal soon , Howard notes that it 's going to be `` a while . ''
He goes on to clarify , “ We 've gotten fairly used to all the questions and curiosity over the years . Everyone wants information . Right now , we 're just trying to figure out which of our ideas are going to stick and finding an appropriate time to talk about it . ”
So yeah , it 's a natural response without giving up too much information , but if they 're still bouncing around ideas , it 's safe to say that they probably wo n't announce anything concrete anytime soon .
Apparently We Wo n't Hear About Fallout 4 For ‘ A While ' [ RPS ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Glazek writes : `` Normcore means you pursue every activity like you 're a fanatic of the form . It does n't really make sense to identify normcore as a fashion trend – the point of normcore is that you could dress like a NASCAR mascot for a big race and then switch to raver ware for a long druggy night at the club . It 's about infinitely flexible , sunny appropriation . ''
K-Hole , the New York trend forecasting agency that coined the term , has posted an explanation of normcore on their Facebook page to clear things up . Penned by LA-based journalist Christopher Glazek , it states that normcore has absolutely nothing to do with clothes and more to do with personalities . So , contrary to popular opinion , it 's not about stonewashed jeans and black polo necks .
In the week since normcore exploded into our consciousness , the internet has been awash with pictures of Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld hanging out in their slacks and trainers looking like the epitome of anti-cool . People are already so fed up with the trend that someone 's even invented a Chrome extension that will remove any mention of normcore from your browser . But according to the group that came up with it , everybody 's got normcore totally wrong .
What everyone has been losing their shit over is , in fact , an older and more dated K-Hole concept called Acting Basic , which refers to dressing with forced neutrality in order to avoid standing out . Even Fiona Duncan , the writer behind the NYMag feature that started this all , has admitted that the article `` totally confuses the two terms that K-Hole proposed '' .
`` I regret that , '' she writes on Facebook , explaining that the lengthy editing process was to blame for the misunderstanding and the article 's disproportionate focus on Acting Basic fashion ( read : fleeces , comfortable trainers ) . `` The piece went through many many rounds of drafts , through several editors , each time becoming more and more about fashion . ''
Basically , normcore in its original form has nothing to do with clothes and more to do with personalities : it 's the idea that an individual adapts to a situation at hand and embraces the normalcy of where they are and who they 're with . So you could go to a football match during the day and wear a replica football strip like everyone else , then go to a cyberpunk night later on and wear head-to-toe Cyberdog .
Normcore represents a fluidity of identity that 's emerging in youth culture : a willingness to forgo a consistent individuality in order to embrace acceptance . As Luke O'Neill puts it in this article for Dazed : `` Normcore then , in its pure state , is about empathy and connectivity . ''
Want to go the Acting Basic route anyway ? Here are a few brands that will help you complete the look :
Blue Harbour
The Marks and Spencers clothes arm . It 's functional clothing predominantly donned by casual Sunday afternoon drinkers , cinema goers ( ODEON only ) and dog walkers . Hugh Laurie may have worn Blue Harbour while he recorded his jazz album .
George by ASDA
ASDA 's lonely clothes range , affordable and bland , aside from the ill-advised foray that they made into designing slogan t-shirts . People who are buying ingredients for a quiche in the supermarket may nip upstairs for a pair of cargo shorts because they read in the paper that it 's set to be a couple of degrees warmer this spring .
C & A
The perfect brand for those wannabe sailor mums who summer in Abersoch or Anglesey , post on Mumsnet looking for 'lovely places to go ' and spend a lot of time bitching about how heels hurt .
Ukraine 's Western allies may finally have run out of patience with Kiev 's unwillingness to fight the country 's endemic corruption . The United States , the European Union and the International Monetary Fund have all criticized the recent undermining of an independent corruption investigation by Ukraine 's Prosecutor General 's Office – an organization itself accused of rampant fraud .
Ukrainian protesters rally in Kiev to demand that lawmakers suspected of corruption be stripped of their parliamentary immunity , July 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
“ Recent events – including the disruption of a high-level corruption investigation , the arrest of officials from the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine ( NABU ) , and the seizure of sensitive NABU files – raise concerns about Ukraine 's commitment to fighting corruption , ” the U.S. State Department said in a statement on Dec. 4 . “ These actions undermine public trust and risk eroding international support for Ukraine. ” The EU and the IMF expressed similar concerns .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is right to react angrily to the attacks on NABU . The agency was established with American support , and Washington has assigned FBI agents to NABU to help train its agents . To see the PGO undermine the FBI by leaking the names of NABU undercover agents – potentially putting them in danger – represents nothing less than Kiev sticking an ungrateful finger in America 's eye .
The war on NABU is simply the latest step by Ukraine 's corrupt old guard to destroy reformers ' anti-corruption accomplishments . That old guard also undermines other Ukrainian anti-corruption institutions created with Western support , as well as a law requiring all public officials to file a declaration disclosing their assets .
MORE FROM REUTERS COMMENTARY
Paul Wallace : In Brexit Britain , economic gravity will take its toll
Peter Van Buren : The terrible cost of Trump 's Jerusalem decision
But the situation is worse than just a crackdown on institutions . Law enforcement agencies also use fabricated criminal charges and petty harassment to single out Kiev 's anti-corruption activists and organizations . The outspoken watchdog Anti-Corruption Action Center ( AntAC ) says it is being harassed by the tax authorities , and that its leaders have been victims of defamation and intimidation campaigns orchestrated by Ukraine 's secret service , the SBU . Two other NGOs that are helping to break the grip of illegal drug procurement schemes run by Ukraine 's corrupt “ pharma mafia ” are also targets of serious harassment campaigns and trumped-up legal charges . Perhaps most frighteningly of all , two activists in the city of Kharkiv were violently beaten by unknown assailants , prompting the EU to demand authorities protect activists from future attacks .
The United States has much at stake in Ukraine . Washington is trying to establish a democratic , pro-Western Ukraine by guaranteeing billions in loans to Kiev – meaning American taxpayers would foot the bill if Ukraine ca n't repay these loans . The United States has also supplied the country with $ 750 million in non-lethal equipment like body armor . In addition , Washington and its allies have supported Ukraine by implementing economic sanctions against Russia in response to Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and intervention in eastern Ukraine ; freezing nuclear security cooperation with Moscow – potentially raising the risk that nuclear weapons could be obtained by militant groups like al Qaeda or Islamic State – and ending all “ practical cooperation with Russia , ” according to a senior NATO official .
Washington and its allies need to protect their investment in Ukraine and support Ukrainian anti-corruption measures by pushing Kiev 's officials back on the right path . Without American “ tough love ” Ukraine risks replicating the outcome of its 2004 “ Orange Revolution , ” where faltering reforms led to the election of a pro-Russian president , thereby dragging Kiev back into Moscow 's orbit .
First , the West should use its financial leverage against Kiev . This means at a minimum that the IMF needs to enforce its demand that an independent anti-corruption court be established . The Council of Europe 's Venice Commission recently provided clear guidelines on how to structure this court , and there 's no excuse to stall any further . The U.S. and EU must also jointly make clear to Kiev that until the war on NABU and anti-corruption activists ends all aid – with the exception of humanitarian assistance – will be frozen .
Second , the West must face the fact that it backed the wrong leader in Ukraine . President Petro Poroshenko has largely failed in his promise to wipe the country clean ” of corruption . Indeed , the disturbing reality is that since Poroshenko himself controls the PGO and the SBU – the very agencies accused of undermining Ukraine 's war on graft – many believe that he is cracking down on dissent and discrediting anti-corruption activists to head off opposition to his re-election . That 's not the type of leader Washington should trust , and while the West ( and Ukrainians ) are stuck with Poroshenko for now , America and its allies should be prepared to work around him when necessary .
This means no more diplomatic red carpets like invitations for Poroshenko to address joint sessions of Congress . Washington must also publicly align itself with reformist politicians such as the former head of the Ukrainian Parliament 's anti-corruption committee Yegor Sobolev . Support to anti-corruption NGOs should also be increased . Finally , Tillerson should establish an advisory board consisting of representatives of leading civil society organizations , and when senior American officials visit Kiev they should meet publicly with these reformers to demonstrate American support . These steps would convey a clear message to Poroshenko and the rest of Kiev 's political class : the West is committed to Ukraine 's people , not to the personal political fortunes of its leaders .
The West should also hit corrupt politicians and their cronies where it really hurts – their wallets . Billions of dollars of dirty Ukrainian money leaves the country each year – and much of it gets parked in the West . U.S. and European officials should prioritize freezing the Western assets of corrupt Ukrainian officials ' and their oligarch friends under the 2016 global Magnitsky Act , which allows the Trump administration to impose visa bans and sanctions on individuals anywhere in the world guilty of human rights violations or gross corruption . Senior leadership from the PGO and SBU should come in for particular scrutiny . Ukrainian officials found to be complicit in the violent attacks on anti-corruption activists should also be targeted under the law .
Ukraine is not the failed state that some analysts have claimed . Indeed , given its well-educated population and proximity to Europe , the country 's long-term prospects are bright . But as Tillerson has warned , Ukraine could `` lose its soul to corruption ” if it continues on its current course . It 's up to Ukraine 's reformers and their Western friends to make sure this does n't happen .
Although the name of Sen. Reed Smoot of Utah might not ring a bell , you may recognize the notorious protectionist Smoot-Hawley Tariff he co-sponsored in 1930 with Rep. Willis Hawley of Oregon . Virtually every economist who has studied the matter , regardless of ideology , agrees that the Smoot-Hawley Tariff , by stifling trade flows , contributed mightily to the depth and length of the Great Depression of the 1930s . Even at the time , 1,028 economists — an extraordinary number for 1930 — called upon President Herbert Hoover ( in vain ) to veto the Smoot-Hawley tariff .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both Smoot and Hawley were conservative Republicans . Protectionism was a singular policy position of conservatives until well into the 20th century . As late as the 1996 , one of the most conservative of presidential candidates , Pat Buchanan ( then running for the Republican nomination ) , made protectionism a key point of his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination . In contrast , every progressive president of the last hundred years has favored free-trade agreements . The litany includes Woodrow Wilson , Franklin Roosevelt , Lyndon Johnson and Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE .
Now Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( Vt. ) , running for the Democratic nomination , has somehow transformed protectionism from an icon of America 's right-wing into a `` progressive '' panacea . He has done so with the claim that free-trade agreements have cost the jobs of many Americans , because U.S. businesses ca n't compete with low-wage operations abroad . This is the same argument that Smoot and Hawley made nearly 90 years ago .
Sanders has added an even more fanciful twist . He claimed in a recent interview with the New York Daily News that he would replace our trade agreements with `` fair trade . '' This is a euphemism for all protectionists , especially given that under Sanders 's , foreign nations must meet wage standards `` roughly equivalent '' to those in the United States , another fairy tale .
One searches in vain , moreover , through Sanders 's speeches and website for concrete proof of his claim that our free-trade agreements `` have cost this country millions of jobs . '' It is possible , though , to conduct a real-world test of Sanders 's acumen on trade issues . Sanders , who strongly opposed the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) in 1993 , said that it took him about `` 13 seconds '' to realize what a disaster the trade deal was for the American economy .
Well , here 's what happened after NAFTA went into effect on Jan. 1 , 1994 . For the remainder of Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was ' a loser ' MORE 's presidency , the American economy experienced seven years of the greatest prosperity in the history of the nation . In 1994 , the economy created 3.85 million jobs , a record that is yet to be broken . By 2000 , the economy had some 20 million jobs , real gross domestic product ( GDP ) had risen by 25 percent and the federal government had actually balanced its budget . Real wages rose by nearly 10 percent , after declining for two decades .
Despite some disagreement among economists , the vast majority agree that on balance , free trade is good for the American economy . According to a 2006 survey of American Ph.D. economists published in The Economists ' Voice , `` the overwhelming majority ( 87.5 % ) agree that the U.S. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade . ''
In truth , the future of American jobs lies not in protectionism , but in the transformation from a fossil-fuel economy to the new green economy of the future . The old smokestack jobs are not coming back to America .
Even if we assume counterfactually that the repudiation of free trade would bring some jobs back to America , the result would still be disastrous for the United States and the world . Consider the effects on consumer prices and on the battle against climate change .
Harming low- and middle-income Americans : One consequence of protectionism is rising consumer prices . According to an analysis published in the International Business & Economics Research Journal , protectionism `` contributes greatly both to the cost of goods and to the cost of doing business . '' Who would be hurt by rising consumer prices ? Not the 1-percenters Sanders rails against , but the poor and middle-class Americans he claims to represent . A study by Federal Reserve economist Susan Hickok found that 1980s trade restrictions on just three products — clothing , sugar and automobiles — cost Americans of middling income the equivalent of a 12 percent surcharge on their income taxes .
Losing the battle against climate change : Sanders rightly says that climate change may be the most important challenge facing humanity in our times . However , the United States can not go it alone in the fight to reduce the carbon emissions that contribute to global warming . Victory will require broad international cooperation , as illustrated by the nearly 200 nations that signed on to the recent Paris accords on climate change . However , if we repudiate our trade agreements with other nations and return to insular protectionism , there is little chance of persuading other nations to join with us in achieving the transition from fossil fuels to clean and renewable forms of energy .
Sen. Sanders had advanced some truly progressive positions on income inequality and access to healthcare and education . However , his position on trade , an increasing important issue for his campaign , is neither progressive nor beneficial for the vast majority of Americans .
Lichtman is distinguished professor of history at American University in Washington .
In another “ it 's really happening ” moment with the hyperloop following the announcement of a new system in development in Dubai , Hyperloop One announced today that it installed the very first tube of its “ DevLoop ” in North Las Vegas .
In order to truly understand the significance of this event , you need to consider that if they complete this ‘ DevLoop ' , which looks on its way to become the first full-scale hyperloop system , they will have technically created a new mode of transportation .
That 's a fairly rare event throughout human history . Whether it ever becomes a commercially viable mode of transport is another issue , which is being investigated for deployment between Dubai and Abu Dhabi , but even if it 's just the development system that ends up being functional – I would argue that it 's still a significant accomplishment .
The company released a few pictures of the installation completed today :
The 3 km full-scale and full speed enclosed prototype is taking shape in the desert in North Las Vegas in Nevada . The tube will contain a low-pressure environment to achieve speeds of up to 700 mph with pods full of people or cargo .
We are talking about the first “ tube ” being installed , but the company has also already been installing quite a few pylons to support the tubes .
The company has been calling the project ‘ DevLoop ' , which is short for “ development hyperloop ” . Hyperloop One will test both its track and pod systems in the ‘ DevLoop ' in order to safely achieve speeds of up to 700 mph – an achievement the company has been referring to as their “ Kitty Hawk moment ” in reference to a town in North Carolina where the Wright brothers made the first controlled powered airplane flights .
Hyperloop One confirmed having raised a total of $ 160 million to date in order to make DevLoop a reality and get to their “ Kitty Hawk moment ” , which could happen in early 2017 if everything keeps going smoothly in North Las Vegas .
Welcome ! This is my life based summoner guide made using ASP.net and Bootstrap CSS
Who the hell are you ?
Hi , I 'm Jaku and I 've been playing Path of Exile since its release . The first build I actually started on was a summoner and ever since then I 've made two 80+ level summoners on Domination league . I 'm not going to say `` I created this '' or `` this was all me '' on this build because I would not be able to argue that first of all and second of all originality does n't pertain to the quality of a build . If I say `` I MADE THIS GUYS '' it is n't going to make my guide any better .
What makes this guide special then ? Why should I go to this guide ?
When I was first thinking about creating this guide , I asked myself what would make people want to come to this guide , the guy who created it is a nobody , does n't stream at all . This is what I came up with :
Simple to follow , easy to pick out information
I wanted to make a guide that actually was easy to follow and made things understandable . One of the biggest issues I find with summoners and people trying to learn to play them is they are incredibly confusing . Some of the Summoner guides you see on the forums right now are nearly 10 pages of just people asking the same questions about build concepts and I 'm hoping to solve that with this guide .
The other thing I want to do is give the reader a professional looking experience that is nice on the eyes . Not to particularly bash forum posts but it is n't always easy to read guides in the forum format .
Give as much freedom in the build as possible
Many guides you will notice are quite definative in what you should grab . That you want to imitate exactly what the guide creator uses . I do n't always feel that 's the right thing to do . I want this guide to edge people in the right direction on how to efficiently be a summoner but not force them down a path that makes them think they have to `` buy xyz '' , `` only use xyz '' or `` only scrubs use xyz '' . I think one of the biggest things of this game is how unique of a player you can truly be . When I just give you a complete passive tree and my gear sheet I am completely ruining that experience for you to truly be a unique summoner . I want you to experiment with this guide , I want you to find your own build .
Be as unbias of paths in the build as possible
I found out during the course of making this guide this was unbelievably hard . I will say though you should read my opinions on things but think about it yourself , try them out and see if you like them . Who knows , you might discover something incredibly powerful the community have never realized before . All you have to lose is currency and time , neither of which are dificult to get .
Ok you hooked me in , but how expensive is this gon na be ?
That is entirely up to you and how you plan to use the build . I will say to do most of the content in the game you do n't need expensive uniques like Montregrul 's Grasp or Midnight Bargain , but the more you plan to progress end game wise the more the equipment you 'll need . For example , you can get away with having a 4 linked chest piece and a +2 minion helmets with a few cheap skill gems ( not max level ) to farm Merciless Piety . However , if you were about to go do the Jungle Valley boss , Spinner of False Hope , I would really hope you are coming prepared . I would only buy expensive equipment when you know you like playing summoner and want to progress your build more .
Thanks for reading , enjoy the guide .
© 2019 - Jaku 's Summoner Guide . All trademarks and that other legal mumbojumbo is owned by Grinding Gear Games Inc . I am not in any way affiliated with Path of Exile wiki , their links are owned by them . They are also cool dudes . Change log
-Jaku78
Beth and Craig
Nowadays , it 's pretty easy to find craft beer in a corner store . There may not always be great stuff , but decent options nonetheless . Five years ago it was n't that easy when City Beer Store opened up in San Francisco . Craig and Beth were curious about this hole in the marketplace and filled it with their bottle shop and tasting bar in SOMA . It 's a casual spot for friends to gather and chat while sipping beer . Bombers and six-packs line the walls in addition to the five fresh taps .
The store is now a mainstay in the craft beer community . During events , elbowroom is often tight and their stock of Pliny the Elder flies out the door . Last week RateBeer.com ranked their humble shop 31st among beer retailers worldwide .
On a recent afternoon , BACB sat down with Craig to chat about Unicorn beers , the store 's origins , challenges , upcoming Anniversary and plans for SF Beer Week .
Did you envision a career in craft beer early on and what triggered your interest ?
I wanted to pursue the beer industry coming out of school , but when I was attending Indiana University I moved around between departments . I have a business minor but ended up with a history degree by taking my mom 's advice . She told me to do something I enjoy since I had access to a great educational system and could figure everything out later .
While I was in school I took an overseas trip to the Czech Republic and one day my friends and I had a beer that caught our attention . It was something to pay attention too , not just drink . I could n't believe how much was going on in that beer .
Coming back from Europe in 1997 the craft beer movement was really hitting Indiana and I remember my first pitcher of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale . I did n't know anything about hops at the time . Guys were also coming back from spring break in Colorado with 22 oz 's of Fat Tire and Indiana University had its first beer festival that year . It was good timing .
Did you see this business filing a void in San Francisco ?
In San Francisco there was n't really anywhere to buy good beer , but one factor , and this may sound a little hokey , was 9/11 . It played a role in our decision to open . It affected everybody , especially if you lived in the urban city . We did n't know what was happening ?
I was in my mid 20 's wondering where I wanted my life to go ? There were changes a lot of people thought they probably needed to make . In 2002 I took the day off just to think and relax . I reflected on everything I went through during the weeks after 9/11 and felt I had n't done anything . From that time on Beth I decided we were going to make a change . We both quit our jobs and took a year off to travel . We took half that time to work at different places , like waiting on tables and moved around .
During that time we decided to start a small business . We had a bunch of different business plans . One plan was for a paper shredding business , another for a bed and breakfast , and the beer store , which was the first one . When I did the first beer store analysis I determined it was n't feasible . It did n't add up . I tried to do some research , but could n't find any similar beer bottle stores combined with a bar like the one we wanted to open except for this place in Chico that I found on the Internet , but it was closed .
Ultimately , we decided to try and find a way to make it work . Also , the timing was good . A resurgence of beer was right around the corner . When I first came out to California I sold wine , beer and spirits and worked for Pete 's Wicked Ale as a customer service rep working with wholesalers , so I had a good sense of the industry . Now I have almost a decade of experience , all of which was a factor in deciding to start this business .
A lot of people have this romantic vision of owning and operating a beer store . What 's the biggest challenge you face running the store ?
The thing that I probably underestimated the most was the physical work . Moving stuff around and even just standing on your feet for 10 to 12 hours a day is exhausting . Anyone interested in running a bar like this should work somewhere similar for at least 6 months .
Also , it 's a challenge learning how to run a small business on the fly . If something does n't work you have to figure it out . If the windows need to be cleaned or are broken at 3 in the morning , you need to clean it up . When you go on vacation it 's like having a pet . You have to have people come by and make sure things do n't get vandalized or a cooler does n't break . You do n't think about these things at first .
How has the industry changed since you opened ?
The industry is completely different . I think it 's almost over crested right now . I 'm trying to be optimistic , but I experienced the previous bubble and it feels a lot like the mid to late 90 's .
I just read an article about a drug store chain in New York that put a beer store inside their Williamsburg location just to be a part of the neighborhood . If it was a Walgreens or something people would 've protested , but because they formulated it around beer store they could open their doors .
Now that may sound natural to some people , but for a guy who did a business plan seven years ago and did n't see much of anything , it 's amazing . Its gotten to a point where not only does a large chain know about the craft beer movement but formulated a plan around it to sell band-aids and Pepto-Bismol . Whole Foods is also doing the beer bar concept now in Santa Rosa and its weird . It 's kind of strange . It happened so fast . It 's really the last 2 years .
Has it been difficult keeping up with changes in distribution and pricing ?
It is . When I started it was n't that hard . Now I have to redo my math all the time because prices change so quickly . Distributors just do n't know or are n't telling people . I think its a little of both . That 's what I spend the most time on in addition to working with breweries to find the next new thing .
That 's what you pay for when you come here . I do the research . It 's actually a wine philosophy that I 'm adapting to beer . We taste all the wines so that you do n't have to . You can trust us . If it 's in here , it 's a good beer . It 's worth whatever the price is . You can make that determination , but I would n't have bought it if I did n't think it was worth someone 's hard earned money . At the beginning I just bought everything because it was available . Now I think about what 's different that nobody else has . I 've tasted a lot of beer and now I have a profile I 'm comfortable with .
So how are you going to celebrate your big 5th Anniversary ?
We 've decided to celebrate West Coast brewing and asked five brewers to reflect on the last five years and brew something they had in the back of their mind , but were n't sure if it would have a large production appeal or could n't get around to it . We wanted them to take a look back . When people do that It 's pretty cool . It 's historic . We also wanted to be a part of the brewing process as much as possible .
Who did you ask to participate ?
We chose brewers that we have relationships with or they had a hell of five years , like The Bruery in LA . They were n't even around five years ago and look where they are now . We met them at the Boonville Beer Festival and we were the first store in San Francisco to carry their products . We 've benefited tremendously from their reputation and success .
We also chose the San Francisco Brewer 's Guild . We have great relationships with all the breweries and inviting only one would have been a challenge so we thought working with the whole Guild made the most sense . They were some of the first supporters who embraced us and told people to visit our store . We were the first store to receive 21st Amendment cans . Shaun O'Sullivan was here and it was a great experience .
For the third brewery we decided to go up the mountain with Fifty Fifty Brewing in Truckee . They 've also blown up in the last 5 years . The owners have a similar story to Beth and me so that connection made sense .
Then we went to Portland and talked to Cascade Brewing . They 've been around more than 5 years , but 2005 is about the time they started their barrel-aging program . They were already successful and had this idea to put money into barrels with the hope of selling it to a market that did n't really exist like it does now . They were n't the only brewers with this concept but it 's been very successful .
The final brewery we chose was Midnight Sun in Alaska , who we totally dig and get along with . There history goes back farther then 5 years as well . We came across them while looking for Unicorn beers .
What are Unicorn beers ?
They 're beers or breweries you here about or might be able to see , but are hard to get . For example , people would go up to Alaska and bring back bottles of Midnight Sun and it was awesome , but I could n't get their stuff in the store . It took about a year and a half to get their beer down here .
So is the whole project going to culminate in an event ?
The actual anniversary is May 2nd and we 'll have an off-site party on that Saturday to serve the beer . It should be a lot of fun . We think we have a SOMA warehouse lined up and were going to invite some of the talented people who visit our store to perform 2 or 3 songs . This neighborhood has so many people like that . We have n't completely solidified that concept with the venue , but we hope to bring together the whole local community since all the businesses support one another . In some ways SOMA is a small town .
How are your plans for SF Beer Week shaping up ?
This year we 're trying to collaborate a little bit more . We kind of did that last year . We 're doing two big events this year .
The first is a dinner at Citizens Band Restaurant with 12 % Imports and Stillwater Artisan Ales . It 's going to be more of a wine style event . Instead of having the hosts talk before each course we 'll have two seatings that are staggered by 15 minutes and you 'll be able to follow the pairings at your own pace with the hosts approaching each table like a wine steward . If you want more interaction with hosts you 've got it or you can just relax and have a good food and beer experience . I 'm excited about that because it 's something different .
On the same night we 'll also have Tomme Arthur from Lost Abbey here in the store and then Bloodhound across the street will be doing a desert thing . The idea is that you can come down to this block and go around between each establishment and enjoy yourself .
The other big event is on Friday and it will also be off-site at TCHO chocolate with Eclipse Beer from Fifty Fifty Brewing . It 's a ticketed event because the beer and space is limited . The other days will function like our normal brewery nights but were going to stagger two each night to disperse the crowds . We 'll be closed on Valentines Day .
Is there any particular beer that you would like to carry but ca n't get your hands on ?
I would like to get more beer from the Midwest like Founders , Three Floyds , and Bells . There 's some really cool stuff there . I took a 5-day trip out there awhile back and tried to convince them . I thought I had a good solution but they were n't ready for it . Once we get one of them all of them will follow suite . Once a truck is coming its easier to get the rest of them moving in this direction .
In an interview for the November issue of Vanity Fair , Jennifer Lawrence finally revealed how it felt to have her nude photos hacked and distributed on the internet this summer . “ Anybody who looked at those pictures , you 're perpetuating a sexual offense , ” she says . “ I did n't tell you that you could look at my naked body . ”
“ It 's my body , and it should be my choice , and the fact that it is not my choice is absolutely disgusting , ” she continued .
The photos accompanying the Vanity Fair piece show Lawrence topless , in a swimming pool , wearing only a diamond necklace and holding a cockatoo . Lawrence is certainly not the first actress to sit for a tasteful topless shoot , but the difference between being hacked and choosing to pose for Vanity Fair says something about how millennials think about nudity . Nakedness is n't about lack of clothing anymore– it 's about lack of control .
When it comes to our birthday suits , young people are more comfortable than ever with seeing and being seen . A 2014 Pew survey found that 44 % of people aged 18-24 reported that they received sexts ( which Pew defines as “ sexually suggestive photos or videos ” ) while 15 % reported sending one . That number is almost double the 2012 sexting rates , where only 26 % of that age group reported receiving a sext . A study at Drexel University found that 28 % of surveyed undergrads said they had sent photographic sexts while underage .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
If these are the photos that young people admit to sending and receiving , imagine how many revealing photos are simply being taken . At this rate , 2028 presidential candidates wo n't be trying to bury nude photos– they 'll be debating in nothing but red and blue ties .
Everywhere you look , naked is the new normal . Miley Cyrus 's mostly-naked 2013 “ Wrecking Ball ” video got over 700 million views on YouTube , and Robin Thicke 's 2013 hit video “ Blurred Lines ” was viewed over 300 million times despite objections to naked supermodels dancing on leashes . HBO has always been skin-friendly , but the last four years have seen an explosion of casual on-screen nudity everywhere from Brooklyn ( in Girls ) to Braavos ( in Game of Thrones . ) There 's even a reality show on VH1 called Dating Naked that features couples courting each other in the buff .
And from the ubiquitous shirtless selfie on Tinder to mayoral candidates ' “ dick pics , ” sexting works as a vehicle of instant intimacy in a world where genuine intimacy is harder than ever . “ It 's our image , it 's not us , ” explains sexuality educator Dr. Logan Levkoff . “ We 're not engaging with someone face to face , so the perception is that we 're not vulnerable . ”
In other words , nakedness can be an expression of strength , as long as you 're in control of the image . That 's the difference between Miley Cyrus 's Instagram of herself wearing ice cream-shaped pasties and Jennifer Lawrence 's selfies distributed against her will . It 's not the clothing that matters , it 's the context .
It 's the difference between posing nude and feeling naked . We use “ naked ” and “ nude ” like synonyms , but there have always been differences between bare bodies , even in art history . A naked figure is supposed to have clothes on , but does n't ( like the naked woman surrounded by clothed men in Manet 's Luncheon on the Grass . ) A nude figure does n't have to worry about pesky social conventions like pants , because it 's usually some kind of Classical or Biblical hero , like Michelangelo 's David .
The new nudity is even being used for political purposes in some contexts . Some people strip down to defy beauty standards , like the plus-size women who Instagram pictures of themselves in bikinis with the hashtag # fatkini . Others wear their birthday suits to protest censorship , like the Free the Nipple campaign . “ We 're in a world where we fight so hard to talk about how how bodies come in all shapes in sizes , ” says Dr. Levkoff . “ So are there some girls that say ‘ this is me , this is beautiful and I own it ' and post it online ? Could be ! ”
But even kids who post nude selfies to prove how secure they are probably still bluffing , Dr. Levkoff says . “ The majority of adolescents who are out there naked , its not because they 're necessarily comfortable , it 's because they want to show people they 're comfortable. ” And when today 's teenagers are photoshopping out their stretch marks in 20 years… maybe the naked thing wo n't be so much fun anymore .
When it comes to naked photos , technology acts as both a fig leaf and an vehicle of humiliation . On the one hand , a nude selfie gives the subject some control over the image—we can use filters , lighting , and specific angles to control how we 're represented . But what feels liberating and empowering at one moment can be mortifying when the photo gets into the wrong hands . And it 's not just risky for celebrities—nude selfies sent to jerk ex-boyfriends could be lurking anywhere on the internet , just waiting to crop up as soon as our future bosses Google our names .
Unless all our future bosses are also naked , holding a cockatoo .
Write to Charlotte Alter at charlotte.alter @ time.com .
Have you ever wanted Detroit in the palm of your hand ? Now you can ! Other cartographers have made fun maps with their hands such as finger planning in Portland and hand turkey maps of Boston .
This hand based map of Detroit comes from the Field Notes I , Discussion Paper No . 1 by William Bunge . The Detroit Geographical Expedition needed a way to help orient its “ field members , ” typically students , many from “ out of town. ” This example comes from a checker cab taxi driver names Lee in 1968 . Supposedly in the 1960s this was taught to school children and people in the streets would use it to give directions . I think this needs to come back because it works so well with fingers as the main arteries in Detroit . Perhaps it would make more sense to have the pinky finger be Michigan Avenue and say that Fort St. follows along the river just like Jefferson Ave ? Where is that six-fingered man when you need him ?
Send us your maps ( in hand form ) of your favorite places in Detroit ! Click the Participate link
Image copyright AFP Image caption More than 40 % of South Sudan 's population is in need of food aid
South Sudan 's army and allied militias `` abducted , torched and gang-raped girls '' during fighting against rebel forces , a UN report says .
Investigators found that at least 172 women and girls were abducted and subjected to sexual violence , it added .
One woman was `` dragged out of her hut and gang-raped in front of her three-year old child '' , the report said .
The government denies its army has committed atrocities but says it will study the report .
The UN Mission in South Sudan ( Unmiss ) said abuses during the 18-month civil war had reached a new scale of intensity and horror in recent fighting in the oil-producing Unity State .
`` Survivors spoke of a campaign against the local population that killed civilians , looted and destroyed villages , '' the report said .
`` Some of the most disturbing allegations compiled by Unmiss human rights officers focused on the abduction and sexual abuse of women and girls , some of whom were reportedly burnt alive in their dwellings , '' it added .
Image caption South Sudan 's army has been battling rebels since 2013
The report added that in one incident , a woman was made to hold red-hot coals in her hands in an attempt to force her to reveal the whereabouts of rebel fighters .
President Salva Kiir 's spokesman Ateng Wek Ateng told the BBC he did not believe that troops would commit atrocities against their own people .
However , he said the allegations contained in the report were `` too serious to ignore '' .
The government would study the report , and take appropriation , he added .
The military launched a major offensive against rebel forces in April , with fierce fighting in Unity state 's northern Mayom district , once a key oil producing area .
The civil war began in December 2013 after Mr Kiir accused his sacked deputy Riek Machar of plotting a coup .
Mr Machar denied the allegation , but then formed a rebel army to fight the government .
Various efforts to mediate an end to the conflict in South Sudan , the world 's newest state , have failed .
Earlier this month , a UN humanitarian co-ordinator in the country , Toby Lanzer , was expelled by the government .
Reports say he was kicked out for highlighting the plight of those caught in the conflict .
Miley Cyrus is back , but not as we know her . After the in-your-face ‘ Bangerz ' and the trippy ‘ …Dead Petz ' , new album ‘ Younger Now ' sees the pop star embracing her Nashville roots , not sticking her tongue out so much and now writing music that 's “ for everyone ”
In this post- ‘ Look What You Made Me Do ' world , you might expect a phone conversation with Miley Cyrus to begin , “ I 'm sorry , the old Miley ca n't come to the phone right now . Why ? Oh , 'cos she 's dead . ”
Instead she is hurriedly describing her morning at her Malibu estate , Rainbow Land . “ I 've got seven dogs they 're going a little bit berserk per usual , ” she says . It 's 10am , but Miley 's been up for hours . “ I wake up with the wheels turning so everyone can expect a 7am , 8am call from me every day . ”
This might come as a surprise to the casual admirer of Miley Cyrus as we know her : a weed-smoking hellraiser who denounced gender , twerked with a foam finger and was mostly naked for the best part of three years . It was a path that reached its artful conclusion with 2015 's Milky Milky Milk tour , during which she suckled a male dancer and wore a strap-on dildo for the duration of the show .
But this year , Miley went… mild . ‘ Malibu ' , the first single from new album ‘ Younger Now ' , sees her singing the virtues of her California home . Beneath the surface , Miley is still preaching the same liberties – but in a package that would n't shock a vicar . And that might just be the point…
After everything you 've done recently , putting out something a bit more ‘ normal ' is just about the most subversive thing you could do . Is that the intention ?
“ Yes , actually . I wanted to be more straightforward… [ I 'm ] saying , ‘ I want to sell records so this is how I 'm going to be ' . I feel like I have nothing to prove . I think little parts of everyone that I 've been in my life are starting to come through in this one kind of era of the music that I 'm doing , because I really can embrace what I 've been before rather than trying to distance myself from it . ”
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
You did recently say of the ‘ Wrecking Ball ' video , “ I 'm never living that down ” …
“ You know , I should f * * king be grateful every f * * king day for that song , and I am . I think people look at things that they 've done and there is this sense of shame , or ‘ I wish I would n't have done that ' – not because I 'm naked , by the way ; it 's because I feel like I 'm in a deeper songwriting place… Lyrically I 'm less impressed with that song for me right now . I feel like it does n't reflect who I am now , but that 's fine because it 's not supposed to… I 'm sure I 'll say the same thing about this record at some point . ”
What does this new album reflect about who you are now ?
“ [ Singles ] ‘ Malibu ' and ‘ Younger Now ' are obviously two f * * king very different visuals in a way , but what binds them together is that they are both me . For ‘ Bangerz ' I was so one way , I was so ‘ This is who I am , there 's nothing that 's gon na change it ' , and you know , I did that on ‘ [ Miley Cyrus & Her ] Dead Petz ' too . Now , I think I have more of an open mind where I 'm like , ‘ OK , I can be a bunch of different things every day ' , I do n't have to be so locked into myself because then I 'm putting those walls and borders around myself that I tell everyone else not to give in to . ”
You mentioned ‘ …Dead Petz ' . Those shows , the dildo… Did you see yourself as an art provocateur , or were you just having a laugh ?
“ It 's more that it 's funny , and I think that it 's also normalising . [ I wore ] the unicorn dildo to normalise women with penises because there are women with penises and [ normalising that is ] a part of [ my charity ] Happy Hippie . And that 's a part of allowing people to be sexually free and not having to hide from their sexuality , whether it 's the way that they were born [ or ] the way that they transitioned . So that was , in a way , political rather than provocative . ”
Have we seen the last of the tongue-out , topless Miley , or has she just gone away for a bit ?
“ I do n't even know how to answer that . Because I 've always had a tongue and I 've always had tits . ”
Did it become a bit of a burden , always having to be outrageous ?
“ Yeah , I still feel pressure from myself in a way . I still really want to be an entertainer and show up in my own way and I do n't want to look like anybody else . With the short hair thing , it was an androgynous , sexy feeling , which is what I want people to feel like . I do n't wan na be over-feminised , but I 'm not masculine either – I 'm just myself . [ What ] people do n't really understand [ about ] gender fluidity is by feeling nothing , I feel everything . So I feel like this record is expressing that more than ever . I really can wake up one day and feel like ‘ Malibu ' , but then I can also feel like I want to be Roy Orbison . ”
You really opened up the gender fluidity conversation , to the point where you can dress in ‘ male ' clothes in the ‘ Younger Now ' video and no one even comments . Is that success ?
“ I got to normalise it a little bit more . I did it in a less aggressive way where it was subliminally allowing all audiences to be a part of it and enjoy it . From the outside , like you said , ‘ …Dead Petz ' was n't a record for everyone… I think it ended up shutting some doors in the way of people making themselves less mentally available to listen . They think , ‘ I 'm already pissed off so I 'm not listening to that , she 's crazy ' . In a way , ‘ Younger Now ' is really about ageism and sexism too because I feel like as women get older it 's so hard , and I 'm watching Madonna do it with such grace and such style and people still attack her… People just want to talk about how she should n't do a f * * king cartwheel at the Super Bowl and it 's like , why ? Why ca n't you still wear a grill , why ca n't you still be a part of pop culture ? ”
Speaking of iconic women , your godmother , Dolly Parton , is on the album . She mentions Dollywood , which got me thinking : Rainbow Land theme park…
“ That 's actually a genius idea . I like to think that I already live at the Rainbow Land theme park . My house is completely rainbow . ”
And ‘ Rainbowland ' is also the name of the song you wrote together…
“ Yep , and it 's also very political . One line is such a Dolly lyric – it says , ‘ We are rainbows , me and you / Every colour , every hue ' . And it 's about all these different races and genders and religions , if we all did come together to create and said , ‘ Hey , we 're different , that 's awesome , let 's not change to be the same , let 's stay different but let 's come together anyway . ' Because a rainbow 's not a rainbow without all the different colours . ”
You 've mentioned politics a few times , and you were a vocal supporter of Bernie Sanders and , later , Hillary Clinton . Where 's the global politics on the album ?
“ Well , ‘ Inspired ' , I wrote that for Hillary Clinton [ but ] I 'm not fighting fire with fire , hate with hate . I 'm fighting hate with love . I 'm doing this concert this week in Vegas and for ‘ Party In The USA ' the screens will say ‘ education ' and ‘ healthcare ' and ‘ equality ' , ‘ justice ' , ‘ freedom ' , ‘ liberation ' , ‘ expression ' . These things are what make up our country . It 's not a party in the USA if it 's filled with hate , discrimination , walls , violence , all these things . ”
Do you regret saying that you would leave the USA if Trump won ?
“ I did n't leave the country . ”
Exactly .
“ I 'm not f * * king leaving the country , that 's some ignorant s * * t , that 's dumb . Because that 's me abandoning my country when I think I 've got a good thing to say to my country . And trust me , I hear every day on my Instagram , ‘ Just leave already ! When are you going to leave ? ' Well , that 's not going to be any good . Does it really matter where I am ? Because wherever I am , my f * * king voice is gon na be heard , and I 'll make sure of it . ”
Did you know there 's a university course you can do called ‘ The Sociology of Miley Cyrus ' ?
“ I 've heard about that . ”
Apparently it examines identity , entertainment , media and fame using you as a lens . What advice would you give to the students ?
“ I would say that for what I do there is n't a divide between fame , music , socials , being who you are , identity . The part of that I think is the most important would be identity and allowing your identity to inspire and to have your music and to have everything that you put out visually to coincide with your identity . And not have , for example , a Hannah Montana life… Not have the real you and the famous you . Because I think there are people living that… There are Hannah Montanas in this f * * king industry . People are fans of someone who is n't the person that they are on the inside . And the person that I am on the inside is the person that I project to people on the outside . Does that make sense ? ”
Taylor Swift 's ‘ Look What You Made Me Do ' plays with her multiple identities . What did you make of that ?
“ I do n't really know much about it… I have n't really heard it . ”
I read you 've never heard an Ed Sheeran song . Is that right ?
“ I have now , and you know who is the biggest fan ? My dad is the biggest f * * king Ed Sheeran fan . Every time we see him at a show my dad is freaking out on how talented he is . So now everyone knows my dad is fangirl for Ed Sheeran . ”
Your spend a lot of time with your dad , ‘ Achy Breaky Heart ' singer Billy Ray Cyrus , on his farm in Tennessee . Can you milk a cow ?
“ I could but it 's not on my everyday list that I do . ”
Neither is smoking weed any more . Are you still on the wagon ?
“ Oh yeah , but I still think it 's an amazing , medicinal , awesome thing that needs to be legal everywhere . ”
Do you find you have more free time than you used to ?
“ Right now , I just ca n't turn my f * * king brain off , I 'm just creating all the time . That 's the only hard part . I just never get to that state where I 'm just going to watch TV . ”
She might not know what happened in the season six cliffhanger of Game Of Thrones , then , but that creative seam has delivered Miley an album that 's pretty clever once you think about it : a sugared pill in which her righteous ideology hides in pop-country ditties . She came in like a wrecking ball . Now she 's line dancing on the rubble .
Intrinsic inefficiencies plague current systems for the generation and delivery of electricity , with significant energy lost in transit . High-temperature superconductors ( HTS ) — uniquely capable of transmitting electricity with zero loss when chilled to subzero temperatures — could revolutionize the planet 's aging and imperfect energy infrastructure , but the remarkable materials remain fundamentally puzzling to physicists . To unlock the true potential of HTS technology , scientists must navigate a quantum-scale labyrinth and pin down the phenomenon 's source .
Now , scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy 's ( DOE ) Brookhaven National Laboratory and other collaborating institutions have discovered a surprising twist in the magnetic properties of HTS , challenging some of the leading theories . In a new study , published online in the journal Nature Materials , scientists found that unexpected magnetic excitations — quantum waves believed by many to regulate HTS — exist in both non-superconducting and superconducting materials .
“ This is a major experimental clue about which magnetic excitations are important for high-temperature superconductivity , ” says Mark Dean , a physicist at Brookhaven Lab and lead author on the new paper . “ Cutting-edge x-ray scattering techniques allowed us to see excitations in samples previously thought to be essentially non-magnetic . ”
On the atomic scale , electron spins — a bit like tiny bar magnets pointed in specific directions — rapidly interact with each other throughout magnetic materials . When one spin rotates , this disturbance can propagate through the material as a wave , tipping and aligning the spins of neighboring electrons . Many researchers believe that this subtle excitation wave may bind electrons together to create the perfect current conveyance of HTS , which operates at slightly warmer temperatures than traditional superconductivity .
“ Proving or disproving this hypothesis remains one of the holy grails of condensed matter physics research , ” Dean says . “ This discovery gives us a new way to evaluate rival theories of HTS . ”
Perfectly Dope
Superconductivity demands extremely cold conditions and a precise chemical recipe . Beyond selecting the right elements from the periodic table , physicists carefully tweak the electron content of atoms through a process called doping . Doping determines the average number of electrons present in each atom , and in turn dictates both the behavior of spin waves and the presence of HTS , which emerges around a particular doping sweet spot .
For this study , the team examined thin films of lanthanum , strontium , copper , and oxygen — often abbreviated as LSCO . These particular HTS materials can be tuned to exhibit a wide range of different electronic behaviors .
“ This is the only system that lets us examine the entire phase diagram , from a strongly correlated insulator all the way to a non-superconducting metal , ” says Brookhaven physicist John Hill , coauthor on the paper . “ We could measure magnetic excitations both before and after the ideal doping levels for superconductivity . ”
To grow these materials , Brookhaven Lab physicist Ivan Bozovic — another author on the study — used a custom-built atomic layer-by-layer molecular beam epitaxy machine ( ALL-MBE ) . Bozovic 's system is uniquely equipped to monitor the synthesis of the LSCO films in real-time , giving him an unparalleled degree of control over the atomic composition of each layer , including adjustments to the doping levels .
“ Ivan grows these beautiful , fantastic films , ” Hill says . “ His samples are highly uniform with flat , mirror-like surfaces . This helps enormously when trying to pin down the subtleties of how these samples scatter x-rays . ”
Measuring a Quantum Sea
The quantum ripples themselves have wavelengths measured on the Ångstrom scale—smaller than one billionth of a meter . To detect these tiny fluctuations , the scientists applied a technique called resonant inelastic x-ray scattering ( RIXS ) to the full range of LSCO films . The measurements were taken with the Advanced X-ray Emission Spectrometer at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility ( ESRF ) in France . The design , construction , and commissioning of this instrument was led by Giacomo Ghiringhelli and Lucio Braicovich at the Politecnico di Milano in Italy and by Nick Brookes at the ESRF . The Brookhaven Lab team worked in close collaboration with these scientists to perform the RIXS measurements .
“ This instrument allowed us to precisely measure how much energy the x-rays lost when they struck each LSCO sample , ” Dean says . “ We could then pinpoint the presence or absence of magnetic excitations and track them across all the different doping levels . ”
Earlier studies using neutron scattering found that magnetic excitations appeared to vanish in the overdoped LSCO samples , bolstering the prominent theory that the waves play an essential role in superconductivity . The RIXS technique , however , is much more sensitive to magnetic excitations with certain wavelengths and capable of detecting otherwise imperceptible signals .
“ Discovering excitations that do not depend on doping levels means that the relationship between HTS and the waves in these films is more intricate than we suspected , ” Hill says .
Brighter Beams and Better Superconductors
RIXS is currently able to detect magnetic excitations with a precision , or energy resolution , of about 100 milli-electron volts . But as scientists seek more fundamental phenomena , even greater accuracy and sensitivity is required . Brookhaven Lab 's National Synchrotron Light Source II ( NSLS-II ) , expected to start operating in 2014 , will produce some of the brightest x-rays in the world . The Soft Inelastic X-ray beamline under construction at NSLS-II promises unprecedented energy resolution for HTS investigations .
“ Ultimately , the RIXS energy resolution is still not as good as we 'd like , ” Dean says . “ NSLS-II is going to be huge for the superconductivity game — absolutely huge . We 'll be able to see excitations down at 10 milli-electron volts , and there should be real breakthroughs hidden there . ”
Solving the mystery of high-temperature superconductivity could radically improve technology ranging from wind turbines to medical imaging devices . But to manipulate the perfect electricity conveyance possible in HTS materials and possibly bring them up to room temperature , theorists must transform these experimental results into universally applicable rules .
“ The joke is that HTS has in fact already been solved , but we just do n't know which of the many competing theories is the right one , ” Hill says . “ Our discovery was actually predicted by a few groups , and we 're excited to see them leap on the results and drive our understanding forward . The work is fundamentally interesting , yes , but the potential applications are really exciting . ”
The research was funded through Brookhaven Lab 's Center for Emergent Superconductivity , an Energy Frontier Research Center funded by the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Science to seek understanding of the underlying nature of superconductivity in complex materials .
By |
You do n't want to read fifteen different articles to see different trailers that are only 30 seconds , so here is a complete list of all the trailers that debuted at the Super Bowl , including Iron Man 3 , Fast and Furious 6 , and Star Trek Into Darkness .
Since only 12 minutes of actual game-play usually air during the Super Bowl , the rest of that time is spent by shoving products down your throat . All of this advertising is different from normal , though , because it 's the Super Bowl , so commercials try to be funny and famous stars are paid money to sit on couches during them . But there are also tons of trailer debuts for major summer releases , and now for the sake of convenience , we 've put them all in one handy article . So without further ado , here are the trailers for World War Z , Oz : The Great and Powerful , The Lone Ranger , Fast and Furious 6 , Star Trek Into Darkness , and Iron Man 3 .
World War Z
Oz : The Great & Powerful
Fast and Furious 6
The Lone Ranger
Star Trek Into Darkness
Iron Man 3
My main takeaway from these spots is that Fast and Furious 6 has a car driving through the front of an airplane . I 've already reserved it a spot on my Top Ten of 2013 . As for the rest , they range from great ( Star Trek Into Darkness ) to decent ( Oz : The Great & Powerful ) to passable ( The Lone Ranger ) . Still , Super Bowl commercials tend to just show the money shots from movies , so these are even less of an indicator of quality than normal trailers . None of these movies are guaranteed to be amazing except for Fast & Furious 6 , which again , has a car driving through the front of an airplane .
And if you want to stay up to date on upcoming trailers , subscribe to GeekBingeVideos on Youtube .
-Jeremy
When Magic Johnson weighs in on point guards , people listen . After all , the L.A. Lakers great was voted the best point guard in NBA history by ESPN 's # NBArank panel . But Johnson had a problem with how one of his rivals was ranked . He could n't believe that Hall of Famer Isiah Thomas landed fifth , behind contemporary John Stockton and reigning MVP Stephen Curry .
ESPN ranked the Top 10 PGs of all time & they have @ iamisiahthomas ranked 5th . There 's no way Stockton & Curry are better than Isiah . - Earvin Magic Johnson ( @ MagicJohnson ) January 13 , 2016
Magic was n't the only NBA legend to criticize Thomas ' ranking .
I love Steph Curry , but do n't be disrespectful .. @ iamisiahthomas is definitely Top 3 All Time PG # DetroitBasketball pic.twitter.com/MAkcSAuuWK - grant hill ( @ realgranthill33 ) January 16 , 2016
How is @ iamisiahthomas # 5 on your list @ espn ? He scored 25 pts in 1 qtr in NBA finals . @ StephenCurry30 is a great player , but PUH-LEASE ! - Dennis Rodman ( @ dennisrodman ) January 14 , 2016
Yet Thomas ' advanced statistics tell a different story .
On Monday , I introduced my `` championships added '' metric to evaluate NBA players historically based on their statistical performance . Thomas , who finished 26th overall in # NBArank voting among all players , did n't appear in the top 40 of all time . In fact , Thomas would n't have appeared if we expanded the list to 50 players . Instead , he checks in at No . 52 , 27 places behind Stockton .
This raises a natural question : Why is there such a discrepancy between Thomas ' perceived value and his advanced statistics ?
A man was mauled by a 400-pound Siberian tiger after leaping into the Bronx Zoo Tiger Den Friday . ( Published Saturday , Sept. 22 , 2012 )
A 25-year-old man who jumped from a monorail train into a tiger den at the Bronx Zoo is in stable condition after being mauled by a 400-pound tiger .
A hospital spokeswoman says the family of David Villalobos asks that no other information be provided .
Villalobos jumped out of the Bronx Zoo 's monorail into the tiger exhibit Friday afternoon , where he was mauled by a Siberian tiger before zoo employees rescued him by using fire extinguishers to distract the big cat , zoo officials said .
The tiger named Bachuta could have killed Villalobos in an instant but fast-acting zoo workers were able to rescue him after he had been in the enclosure for about 10 minutes , Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny said .
`` Tigers are extremely capable predators : They typically grab a prey animal by the back of the neck and it 's over very quickly , '' Breheny said . `` This cat did not do this to the individual . ''
Authorities identified the jumper as David Villalobos . Villalobos , who is from Mahopac , suffered `` various bites or puncture wounds on his arms and legs and also the top of his shoulder on his back , '' Breheny said . He also suffered a broken arm and ankle , perhaps from the 17-foot drop off the monorail .
Around 3:30 p.m. , Villalobos took a flying leap off the last car of the zoo 's Wild Asia Monorail , a slow-moving train with open sides that takes visitors along the zoo 's tree tops to peer down on the wild creatures below . His leap went unnoticed by most others on the monorail .
He was able to clear a perimeter fence -- an athletic feat that was a first in the history of the monorail , authorities said -- and land in the tiger enclosure . Bachuta , an 11-year-old Siberian tiger weighing more than 400 pounds then mauled Villalobos .
The zoo 's staff was able to chase Bachuta off by spraying a fire extinguisher . Once the tiger backed away , the zoo staff yelled at the man , instructing him to roll under an electrified perimeter wire to safety , Breheny said .
The keepers then called the tiger into its holding area and secured him there , Breheny said .
Once the tiger was contained , EMTs rushed to the scene and treated the man , officials said . He was conscious and talking as he was taken to the hospital by ambulance , Breheny said . Initial reports from law enforcement authorities indicated that Villalobo lost his foot , but this was not the case .
`` If the tiger really wanted to do harm to this individual he certainly would have had the time to do that , '' said Breheny .
The tiger `` did nothing wrong '' Breheny said , and will not be put down .
Police spokesman Paul Browne said that when a responding police officer asked Villalobos why he did it , the victim responded , `` Everybody in life makes choices . ''
Villalobos ' Facebook page lists `` Mother Earth '' as his religion and features many photos of lions , tigers and other wildlife . A former coworker at Bond New York , the real estate firm where Villalobos worked until a few months ago , said he was a `` good guy '' .
A former classmate noted that Villalobos seemed to be more eccentric on his Facebook account as of late .
`` Recently I saw some of the stuff he wrote on Facebook and it seemed a little strange , '' Paul Giarraputo told NBC 4 New York . `` He wrote a lot of deep emotional things -- very religious , spiritual . I would n't say depressing . He was very in tune with his mind and religion . ''
Earlier this month , Amur tiger triplets debuted at the Bronx Zoo , born to mother Katharina and father Sasha .
Zoo tiger attacks , while rare , can be deadly . In 1985 , a zookeeper , Robin Silverman , 24 , was killed when she was attacked by two Siberian tigers at the Bronx Zoo while trying to clean their cage .
Jonathan Dienst and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Image caption Forcing people to use real names on Facebook violates German laws , said data protection officials
A German data protection body has ordered Facebook to end its policy of making members use their real names .
The policy violates German laws that give people the right to use pseudonyms online , said the data protection agency in Schleswig-Holstein .
The agency has issued a decree demanding that Facebook let people use fake names immediately .
Facebook said it would fight the decree `` vigorously '' and that its naming policy met European data protection rules .
`` It is unacceptable that a US portal like Facebook violates German data protection law unopposed and with no prospect of an end , '' said Thilo Weichert , head of the regional data protection office in Schleswig Holstein , in a statement .
The ability to use a pseudonym on Facebook was `` reasonable '' said Mr Weichert and would allow people to use the service `` without fear of unpleasant consequences '' .
Facebook 's long-standing policy of making people use their real names did nothing to prevent people using the social network to throw insults or to hamper identity theft , he added .
Schleswig Holstein is piloting the action against Facebook and if it is successful the decision is likely to be adopted by the nation 's other data protection agencies , it said , adding that the social network now has two weeks to oppose the decree in a German court .
The decree issued by the Schleswig Holstein office was `` without merit '' a Facebook spokeswoman told tech news site IT World adding that it planned to fight the order .
Action 241 : Here We Come 2018 , and What To Do About Taxes
Lessons We Are Learning for 2018
There are all sorts of unknowns now that the tax bill has cleared the Senate and the house . The ACA mandate will be no longer , throwing insurance markets into disarray . Corporate taxes will go down by about 15 % .
What can we do about this ?
The answer lies in the 2018 midterm elections .
It 's coming up on a year since the 45th president was instated . The only significant piece of legislation to pass in an entire year under this GOP-led government is one that will bankrupt millions of Americans through changes to their healthcare , disrupt the health insurance markets , and throw basic protective structures that helped engender a middle class and protect the working class , under the bus .
What do we have on your side ? All of the things we have learned the last 50 or so weeks . The knowledge that it is a fight that is waged by calling every day , or every other day . By getting out the vote in crucial areas . There have been some surprising and rewarding wins , not least of all the recent election of Democratic senator Doug Jones to Congress .
Resistance is hard . It can be tedious , involving repetition of the same phone calls to the same people . But if we have learned anything these long months , it is to wake up and realize the direct link between our civic engagement and the cost of our healthcare , the funding of public education , the subsidies for research and development that keep the US relevant in the world economy . We 've come to think critically and analytically about the structure of the country we live in - and that is a huge feat .
When we ask you to call , we 're also asking you to ask your friends to call . Education is important , but it must be followed by action . Spread what you know on Facebook , but also tell people when you 've picked up the phone so they can be brave and tenacious and follow suit . We know not everyone can spend more than a few minutes a week resisting , and that is ok .
If even half the people on this list called , Congress would be getting 4K messages . We are powerful as a group .
All the decisions our representatives and senators have made this year will shake out in the 2018 mid-term elections . Our job between now and then is to remind every single one that , come election day , we will be the ones calling the shots . We have a real chance to turn the Senate and House blue
More soon , we continue together .
The Grand Rapids Griffins will have Jeff Hoggan , Brennan Evans , and Triston Grant back for their title defence next season , according to GriffinsCentral.com .
Hoggan , the Griffins captain , is an AHL veteran of nearly 500 games , and will come back to help the Griffins attempt to repeat as he enters his ninth AHL campaign . Prior to playing in the AHL last season , Hoggan spent two seasons in the DEL with Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg and Hannover Scorpions .
At age 35 , Hoggan is still producing . In 76 games last year , the vet put up 45 points ( 20-25 ) , the second best point total of his career . Over the course of 81 games in the DEL , Hoggan put up 25 goals and 24 assists , and should be good to show up on the scoresheet every couple games next year with the Griffins .
Evans , another over-30 AHL vet , has been a force on AHL blue lines for the past decade . Last season , while a member of the Griffins , Evans put up seven assists and 148 PIM in 76 games . Not exactly the most fleet of foot or offensively gifted , Evans helps in other areas , filling a leadership role for the Griffins .
Over the course of 750 AHL games , Evans has scored 16 goals and tallied 100 assists . Not afraid to mix it up , Evans is often the defender of his teammates and can help in the development of Red Wings prospects .
Triston Grant , a 29-year-old from Neepawa , MB. , is an eight-year AHL veteran who has appeared in 569 games . While suiting up in those contests , Grant has scored 57 goals and 64 assists . Much like Evans , what Grant brings to the lineup is the willingness to defend teammates and create a bit of open ice . In his AHL career , which includes stops in Oklahoma City , Rochester , Milwaukee , Philadelphia , and Grand Rapids , Grant has amassed 1462 PIM .
In 24 playoff games this past season , Grant has two goals and two assists .
Advertisements
Panasonic Expects To Be Tesla 's Sole Battery Manufacturer At Gigafactory
May 26th , 2014 by Zachary Shahan
Thanks to @ TeslaMS60 for sharing an interesting story regarding Tesla Motors ' coming gigafactory . Panasonic Corp , according to Reuters , expects that it will be Tesla 's sole battery manufacturer at the multibillion-dollar gigafactory Tesla is building in the US Southwest . Panasonic has long been Tesla 's key battery partner , but it was questionable whether Panasonic would continue to have this exclusive relationship and how much it would be involved in the gigafactory ( or gigafactories ) . Looks like Panasonic expects it will continue to be a big beneficiary in Tesla 's growth .
Nonetheless , do n't expect in big moves on the part of Panasonic this year . “ Panasonic does not have a timeframe for a decision on its investment but any expenditure this year would be small , Yoshio Ito , senior managing executive officer and president of the Japanese firm 's automotive and industrial division said on Friday . ”
“ As we 're not anticipating any sudden tenfold increases in demand or anything like that , we think it is right to break it up step-by-step and invest gradually , ” Ito told reporters . However , Panasonic is planning to spend approximately 28 billion yen ( $ 275 million ) on battery production this year , about twice what was in its budget last year , primarily because of growing demand from Tesla , which has been increasing its manufacturing capacity .
Tesla and Panasonic are reportedly in talks about the construction plans ( naturally ) , and Panasonic is n't concerned about any competing battery makers getting a foot in .
Panasonic signed a $ 7 billion deal with Tesla late last year that would see Tesla buy “ 2 billion individual laptop batteries from Panasonic ” ( Tesla uses about 7,000 of those in a battery pack ) . That just followed rumors that Tesla might start getting some of its batteries from Samsung . Apparently , the Samsung rumors did n't have anything behind them or the talks fell through .
Panasonic surged to 39 % of the plug-in vehicle battery market . Nonetheless , Panasonic has been unsure about investing in a high-risk gigafactory , according to reports . The Tesla gigafactory has been the talk of the town this year because of its large size and potential for helping to disrupt multiple large markets , but Elon Musk recently noted that we would actually need about 200 gigafactories for plug-in car batteries alone . Hard to comprehend , but also hard to comprehend that EV revolution not happening .
Perth Glory coach Ian Ferguson wo n't underestimate the Central Coast Mariners when the two sides meet at Bluetongue Stadium on Monday .
Midfield duo Tomas Rogic and John Hutchinson and the league 's top-scorer , Daniel McBreen , will all miss the New Year 's Eve clash due to suspension in the wake of last week 's ill-tempered defeat at the hands of Sydney FC , but Ferguson is still keenly aware of the threat posed by the ladder leaders .
“ The Mariners have a very good squad , ” he said .
“ And I do n't look too much at the personnel that are going to be missing because I know they 'll bring in decent players and still have the same structure and philosophy .
“ They are very drilled in what they do and it 's going to be a very difficult game .
“ We have n't got a great record over there , but in our last couple of visits , I think we 've done well .
“ Last season we won there in a penalty shoot-out and even though we lost 1-0 to them earlier this season , I certainly thought we deserved to get something out of that game .
“ They are a very good side and their confidence will be high , but we 're unbeaten in three now and we 're looking forward to it .
“ I 'm quietly confident about us getting a result . ”
Glory will make the long trip east off the back of a 1-1 home draw with Western Sydney Wanderers , a game Ferguson felt should have yielded three points for the men in purple .
“ I was disappointed that we did n't get the win , ” he said .
“ I felt that we controlled the game for long periods , but we need to be a wee bit more penetrative than we 're being and stop launching the long balls from back to front . “ That 's not the way I want us to play .
“ I want us to play through the channels and the middle of the park and I want us to look for switches of play . ”
One of Glory 's stand-out performers in that clash with the red and blacks was Ryo Nagai and Ferguson was delighted with the contribution made by the livewire Japanese midfielder on what was his starting debut for the club .
“ I thought Ryo gave ( Tarek ) Elrich a bit of a game , ” he said .
“ Performance-wise , he did exactly what we wanted him to do which was good and I think the more game time he gets , the better player he 'll become for us .
“ That said , it was Ryo 's first start and we need to be careful with him over the next couple of games in terms of whether we bring him off the bench or whether we start him , because this is what happened last time we had two games in quick succession and he ended up pulling his hamstring . ”
The positive impact made by substitutes Nick Ward and Billy Mehmet on Thursday night , meanwhile , has given Ferguson further food for thought in terms of his selection options ahead of the visit to Gosford , as has the return to fitness of Travis Dodd who missed the Wanderers game due to a minor knee niggle .
And the Glory coach admitted that he is also keen to bolster his squad once the January transfer window swings open .
“ We 're always looking at options we can bring in to freshen the place up , ” he said .
“ We 've got one free spot at the moment where we could possibly do something and we are always looking to improve . ”
“ He 's ( Newt Gingrich ) probably one of the most dangerous people for the future of this country that you can possibly imagine . He 's Richard Nixon glib . It does n't matter how much good I do the rest of my life , I ca n't ever outweigh the evil that I cause by helping him be elected to Congress ” – L.H . Carter , former advisor to Newt Gingrich
The above quote is from a 1984 article in Mother Jones . The 27 years that have passed since the article 's publication have not lessened the threat Newt Gingrich poses to America . If anything , Gingrich poses an even greater threat as he has surged ahead in the polls , coming precipitously close to becoming the Republican nominee .
What makes Gingrich so dangerous , is that he is completely void of any conscience . He is completely and utterly morally bankrupt . A man lacking a sense of right and wrong , without a set of guiding principles , will do anything imaginable to advance himself and his agenda , which Gingrich has done his entire life .
As many know , Gingrich 's first wife was his former high school geometry teacher , who was 7 years his senior . Jackie worked while raising the couples two children , and supported Newt putting him through undergraduate , graduate and post graduate school . Bob Gingrich , Newt 's stepfather said of Jackie , “ She busted her butt for him when he needed her ” . She later campaigned across Georgia for Newt as he ran for Congress . Mary Kahn , a reporter who covered Gingrich at the time stated , “ Everyone saw Jackie and Newt as a unit . He was always talking about the family being a team , about family values . It was a constant , and a big part of his campaign ” .
“ Family values ” was clearly just a sound bite Newt used to appeal to a conservative base . In 1974 , his campaign advisors discovered Newt was having an affair . He and Jackie saw a marriage counselor , but Newt continued cheating on his wife . One former aide had to direct Newt 's two children away from a car where Newt was receiving oral sex from a woman . Another aide revealed that after a friend 's husband died , he used the man 's death to his advantage . He visited the woman pretending to offer her sympathy , only to try to seduce her .
In 1980 , Newt revealed to Jackie he was having an affair , with the woman who would become wife # 2 , and sought a divorce . While in the hospital recovering from having a uterine tumor removed , Newt visited his soon-to-be ex-wife , bringing her a divorce papers to sign . He further had a temerity to give her so little in spousal and child support , that Jackie had to rely on her church to help her pay bills . After this was revealed Newt 's popularity in his hometown fell 15 percentage points .
Lee Howell , a friend of Newt 's stated , “ Newt Gingrich has a tendency to chew people up and spit them out . He uses you for all it 's worth , and when he does n't need you any more he throws you away . Very candidly , I do n't think that Newt Gingrich has many principles , expect for what 's best for him , guiding him ” .
Gingrich would continue to “ chew people up and spit them out ” , as he carried on a 13 year affair with his current wife , while still married to his second wife . One has to wonder how many others he will use and then throw out should he win the presidency .
The timing of this report from the FDA is surely no accident , but it 's always a good time to think about this : the great majority of all drugs that enter clinical trials fail . They fail because they do n't do anyone any good , or because what good they might do is outweighed by some serious and unexpected harm . Around 90 % of all compounds that start in the clinic never make it out . Even by the time you get to Phase III – and these are drugs that have apparently already worked in sick patients by that point – the failure rate is still nearly 40 % . Drug projects fail constantly .
It 's hard , sometimes , for people who 've worked in other industries to appreciate this . Drug development is a unique combination of very high regulatory burden and very high failure rates , so it 's temping to say that the regulations cause the failures . But that is n't true . Biology causes the high failure rates – specifically , our lack of understanding of biology . And that 's the essential part that it 's hard for people outside the field to grasp – just how little we know . We know a lot more about how some new code will run , how a new car will corner , how a new recipe will taste , how a new building will look , or how a new movie will do on its first weekend . A lot more . Those all have their uncertainties , of course – the code has bugs , the recipe needs less salt , the new movie actually sort of tanked in the end . But those uncertainties are , believe me , tiny compared to the uncertainty of taking a drug into the clinic and giving it to people . I do n't think that there 's anything else quite like it in the modern industrial world . It 's terrifying . Once you grasp the situation , you wo n't believe that we do it this way , but we do , because we do n't have any other way to do it .
That how you end up with the examples in that FDA report . You have things like bitopertin , which was a glycine reuptake inhibitor developed for schizophrenia . No one had ever tried that mechanism before – this was new science . It made it through Phase I , and in Phase II , where real schizophrenic patients first took the drug , an eight-week controlled double-blind study in 320 patients showed a real effect . On to Phase III , 1800 patients for a year , and guess what ? Nothing . This is also how you end up with darapladib , which was developed for atherosclerosis as an inhibitor of liproprotein-associated phospholipase A2 . That was another promising new mechanism that made a lot of biological sense , and the compound 's Phase II trials moved blood chemistry in just the right ways , as predicted . People forecast that it was going to be a blockbuster . But for atherosclerosis , you need a lot of patients in your Phase III trial , and you need to follow them for a long time . 15,000 patients over a median of almost four years of treatment later , and guess what ? Nothing . No benefit . Another Phase III trial looked at 13,000 patients who had just had heart attacks , and followed them over the next two or three years looking for a benefit . Nothing . The results were n't statistically significant , but if the trend had been just a bit stronger , then the drug-treatment group would actually have been worse than the placebo .
These are n't musty cases from the files ; both these failures took place in 2013 . The FDA report linked to above has plenty more , and if you want to go further back , I ( and anyone else with experience ) can send you to a long and expensive list of drugs , drug classes , and whole research approaches that have been complete wipeouts , despite looking really exciting and promising at the time . These things really do happen constantly , and it 's not because we 're a little slow on the uptake around here . We in the industry would , in fact , rather not blow hundreds of millions of dollars at a time on trials of drug candidates that do n't do anything . We are ( and have been ) frantically trying to find ways to keep from doing that sort of thing , but what you see is the actual state of the art in 2017 .
So , to sum up , most investigational drugs do n't work . “ Freeing up ” the system in order to give them to more people will merely allow more people ( and more insurance companies ) to pay for drug candidates that do n't do anything , or actually make people worse . That 's what we 've got for you at the moment . That 's why we run those big , expensive clinical trials , the ones that just look like stupid delays imposed by bureaucrats – turns out that those trials are not only a good idea , scientifically , but it 's also ethically unacceptable to do otherwise . If you think the current system is expensive , wait until you try tearing it down .
Update : see this by Matthew Herper for more – an excellent history lesson .
New figures from Trans Murder Monitoring show 265 trans people were murdered across the world in the last 12 months , higher than previous years
New figures released yesterday by the Trans Murder Monitoring project show 265 trans people were known to be the victims of violent killings across the world over the last 12 months .
The figures show a nearly 20 % increase from last year , when 221 trans murders were reported .
The Trans Murder Monitoring project was started by Transgender Europe in 2009 but it has now developed into the TransRespect versus Transphobia project ( TvT ) .
‘ We are witnessing a significant increase [ of murders ] , which points to the extreme level of violence many trans people continue to be exposed to , ' said a statement from Transgender Europe .
‘ However , this increase may also reflect the TvT project 's intensified cooperation and data exchange with trans and LGBT organizations . '
Transgender Europe reported that ‘ even these high numbers are only a fraction of the real figures ; the truth is much worse ' .
The figures show only documented cases which have been reported in 29 countries over the last 12 months .
‘ In most countries , data on murdered trans people are not systematically produced and it is impossible to estimate the numbers of unreported cases , ' said the statement .
Most of the reported murders happened in Brazil ( 126 ) but Transgender Europe pointed out that the number of killings in Colombia , Venezuela , Honduras and Guatemala ‘ is equally or even more worrying in view of the much smaller population sizes of these countries ' .
Nineteen Central and South American countries account for 80 % of the reported homicides of trans people globally . But the USA reported the third highest number of trans murders ( 15 ) after Brazil and Mexico ( 48 ) .
In Asia most reported trans murders over the last 12 months were in India ( 6 ) , Pakistan ( 5 ) and the Philippines ( 4 ) .
In Europe , Turkey reported the most trans murders ( 5 ) .
The cumulative figures show 1,083 reports of murdered trans people in 56 countries since January 2008 .
The figures were released for the 14th International Transgender Day of Remembrance , that will be commemorated around the world on Tuesday 20 November .
News capsule
Amelie 's new Uptown location is opening December 1 . They held a friends and family event last night ( November 23 ) and we got to hang out in the new space .
It 's massive . It 's beautiful . It 's everything Amelie 's lovers want it to be . This is the type of project that will take Uptown from good to great . Huge win for Charlotte . Well done Amelie 's management , well done .
Fast facts
Location : In the old College Place cafeteria at College Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd .
In the old College Place cafeteria at College Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd . Hours : Sunday through Thursday 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. ; Friday and Saturday 6 a.m. to 2 a.m .
Sunday through Thursday 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. ; Friday and Saturday 6 a.m. to 2 a.m . Eventually they will be open 24/7 .
The location is over 11,000 square feet .
They will have beer and wine available for sale in addition to coffee .
The Overlook terrace can be reserved for private events .
Giant viewing kitchen , think brewery but for treats .
Let 's take a look…
Uptown Amelie 's is popping at friends and family preview night tonight . Opens December 1 . Going to be huge for the Uptown scene/vibe . ❤️🎉👊👏 A video posted by Charlotte Agenda ( @ charlotteagenda ) on Nov 23 , 2015 at 4:23pm PST
Uptown Amelie 's is popping at friends and Family preview night tonight . Delicious . A video posted by Charlotte Agenda ( @ charlotteagenda ) on Nov 23 , 2015 at 4:19pm PST
TRENTON -- A state appeals court has reversed a decision by the head of the State Police to fire a sergeant who attended law school while on leave for an injury , citing questions about the timeliness of the charges brought against him .
According to court records , Sgt . Scott Turner was on medical leave in 2008 when a trooper assigned to an internal affairs unit performed a check at his residence and found he was not there . Division policies require troopers using sick time to remain at their home or `` place of recovery '' during business hours .
He was later spotted at New York Law School , where he had enrolled .
His supervisors claimed Turner had not gotten permission to enroll in school while on leave . Turner claimed he had notified them about his plans , attending class on vacation time , and argued he was being targeted as a whistleblower because he had raised concerns about `` non-compliance '' with federal oversight of the State Police .
Turner could not be reached for comment . A spokesman for the Attorney General 's Office , which represented the State Police in the appeal , also declined to comment .
The sergeant tried to retire in 2010 , but the retirement was put on hold pending the outcome of his internal affairs case .
4 troopers fired in 2015 , report shows
The sergeant was accused of violating sick leave rules as well as refusing to cooperate with internal affairs investigators and being insubordinate for failing to show up to scheduled interviews with the division 's Office of Professional Standards .
The appeals court ruling focused on questions over whether Col. Rick Fuentes , the superintendent of the State Police , adhered to a rule requiring a complaint against a trooper be delivered within 45 days of authorities receiving information sufficient to bring charges .
The appeals panel last week referred the matter to the state Office of Administrative Law as a `` contested case , '' meaning an administrative law judge will rule and , if the judge upholds the firing , the Attorney General 's Office will make a final decision .
Turner , who had been assigned to the State Police Academy , claimed in a 2008 federal lawsuit that he was targeted for raising the alarm that training programs regarding search and seizure and police leadership did not meet federal standards .
That matter is still working its way through the court system , with briefs filed as recently as last month .
S.P . Sullivan may be reached at ssullivan @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Correction : This story has been updated to clarify the circumstances of Turner 's attendance at law school and the status of his leave .
2nd Lt. Hiroo Onoda
Lubang Island , Philippines
Surrendered - March 5 , 1974
The most famous of all Holdouts , his story was widly reported in the world media , and he wrote a book translated to English about his wartime experiences and 29 years as a Japanese holdout .
Background
Born in the town of Kainan , Japan in 1922 and when he turned seventeen , he went to work for a trading company in China . In May of 1942 , Onoda was drafted into the Japanese Army . Unlike most soldiers , he attended a school that trained men for guerilla warfare .
Assignment to Lubang Island , Philippines
On December 26 , 1944 ( age 23 ) , Hiroo Onoda was sent to the small island of Lubang Island , approximately seventy-five miles southwest of Manila in the Philippines . Shortly after Americans landed , all but four of the Japanese soldiers had either died or surrendered . Hiroo Onda was also with three other holdouts , who all died over the decades : Private Yuichi Akatsu , Corporal Shoichi Shimada ( died 1954 ) , Private Kinshichi Kozuka ( died 1972 ) .
Circumstances of His Surrender
Despite the efforts of the Philippine Army , letters and newspapers left for them , radio broadcasts , and even a plea from Onoda 's brother , he did not belive the war was over . On February 20 , 1974 , Onoda encountered a young Japanese university dropout named Norio Suzuki who was traveling the wold and told his friends that he was “ going to look for Lieutenant Onoda , a panda , and the abominable snowman , in that order . The two became friends , but Onoda said that he was waiting for orders from one of his commanders . On March 9 , 1974 , Onoda went to an agreed upon place and found a note that had been left by Suzuki . Suzuki had brought along Onoda 's one-time superior commander , Major Taniguchi , who delivered the oral orders for Onoda to surrender . Intelligence Officer 2nd Lt. Hiroo Onada emerged from the jungle of Lubang Island with his .25 caliber rifle , 500 rounds of ammunition and several hand grenades . He sureendered 29 years after Japan 's formal surrender , and 15 years after being declared legally dead in Japan . When he accepted that the war was over , he wept openly .
Afterwards
He returned to Japan to receive a hero 's welcome , and world media attention , and was hounded by the curious public everywhere he went . He was unable to adapt to modern life in Japan , but wrote his memories of survival in `` No Surrender : My Thirty Year War '' After publication , he moved to Brazil to raise cattle . He revisited Lubang island in 1996 , and still alive today . He then married a Japanese woman and moved back to Japan to run a nature camp for kids . Anyone with contact information for Mr. Onoda , email me
Hiroo Onoda Photo Gallery
Hiroo Onoda as a young officer in the Japanese Army Onoda 's father travels to Lubong with a Japanese deligation to attempt to convince Onoda the war is over and to come home . Hiroo Onoda posing for Norio Suzuki in February 1974 . Norio Suzuki and Hiroo Onoda in February 1974 on Lubong Island , before he decided to surrender . Suzuki is holding his rifle . Hiroo Onoda photographed immediatly after his surrender in 1974 Turing over his sword to Philippine President , Ferdinan Marcos , March 10 , 1975 . Marcos returned the sword to him . Onoda returns to Japan Returning to the Phillipines : Hiroo Onoda , 74 In May 1996 : leaves Narita airport near Tokyo for his first trip to the Philippines to visit his former island hideout . Kyodo News Service Lubang Island - Placing flowers at a monument on Lubang Island in the Philippines on May 2 , 1996 during his first visit to the island in 22 years . Kyodo News Service Onoda in 1996 Filipino protestors on Lubang Island seeking compensation for the damages Onoda caused during his g
Books on Hiro Onoda
Articles on Hiro Onoda ( English Language )
`` Hiroo Worship . '' Time 25 March 1974 : 42-43 .
`` Old Soldiers Never Die . '' Newsweek 25 March 1974 : 51-52 .
`` Where It Is Still 1945 . '' Newsweek 6 Nov. 1972 : 58 .
Coltheart , Max and Martin Davies , eds . Pathologies of Belief . Oxford : Blackwell Publishers , 2000 .
Cook . Japan at War : an Oral History . New York : W.W. Norton & Company , 1992 .
Dilman , Ilham and D.Z . Phillips . Sense and Delusion . New York : Humanities Press , 1971 .
`` Imperial Family Hosts Annual Autumn Garden Party . '' Japan Economic Newswire . Lexis-Nexis Academic Universe . 13 November 1992 .
Morton , Louis . The War in the Pacific : the Fall of the Philippines . United States Army in World War II Series . Washington . D.C. : Office of the Chief of Military History , 1969 .
Reyes , Joel M. An Online Guide About the Philippine History
Thurber , David . `` Town Seeks Compensation from Japanese WWII Straggler . '' The Associated Press . Lexis-Nexis Academic Universe . 21 May 1996 .
Waddington , Richard . `` 'Too Much Concrete and Cleanliness Makes for Weak Children ' ; Last Japanese to Surrender Offers Lessons of 29 Years in Jungle . '' Los Angeles Times . On-Line . Lexis-Nexis Academic Universe . 29 December 1985 .
Internet Links about Hiro Onoda
Famous WWII Fighter ... till 1974
Webpage about Hiroo Onoda , including a bit about his life and retirement . James Oglethorpe contributed this link .
Former WWII Soldier Visits His Philippine Hideout CNN article with several photos , movies and news story . James Oglethorpe contributed this link .
alt.folklore.urban Quick note about Onoda 's return to the Philippines with news pictures .
Hirro Onoda : 30 Years War Website by Jennifer Bern
CNN Former WWII Soldier Visits Philippines
News story with short video clips
Hide & Seek
Article about Hiro Onoda and Shoichi Yokoi
Recollections of Hiro Onoda
Stories , meetings and memories of meetings and interactions with Onoda
Robert C. Hamer recalls :
`` During the early 1980s , I was working for the ( short-lived ) Oil & Gas subsidiary of Inco Limited in Calgary . During this period , Nichimen opened an office in Calgary staffed by Juro Nakagawa . He was an `` unusual '' Japanese businessman in that he enjoyed overseas assignments . He was interested in finding business opportunities and we were full of ideas , none of which worked out . Nevertheless , Mr. Nakagawa and I formed a friendship that has lasted , although , we have not been in constant contact . He went on to be vice president for Nichimen Americas in New York City while maintaining a small presence in Calgary .
Some time after , Inco sold its oil & gas assets , CP Rail was seeking bids on a new tunnel through the Rogers Pass and several Japanese companies expressed interest . Mr. Nakagawa convinced one that it should consider using Inco 's continuous mining machinery in tits bid and I arranged to take them to Sudbury to view the equipment in action . About that time , possibly 1987 , Mr. Nakagawa called to invite me to reception he was holding for Mr. Onoda in Calgary .
Before coming to Calgary , Mr. Nakagawa had represented Nichimen in India and Brazil where he met Mr. Onoda . He felt that Mr. Onoda had been treated fairly shabbily by the Japanese Government , more of an embarrassment than a hero . His compensation ( back pay for the 27 years amounted to very little - a yen a day or month or something and no attempt to help him adjust to the new Japan .
Because of his experience with cattle , that he had become very familiar with cattle during his years on Lubang Island . Every now and then he would kill a cow for meat . The villagers would get alarmed and the army would embark on yet another unsuccessful search for him . Onoda decided that was something he could do usefully and Brazil seemed a better place to do this than Japan . His next project was to establish a sort of `` Outward Bound '' school for Japanese youth to teach the survival skills he had honed on Lubang Island . Part of that was to include several weeks in the Banff back country . That 's when Mr. Nakagawa jumped in to help him . As I recall it , the purpose of the reception was to introduce Mr. Onoda to people in Calgary who might be interested in raising funds .
My wife and I lingered after the reception at Mr. Nakagawa 's request and that was when he drew his motto for us , `` Futu Fukutu '' ( sp ? ) or Never Yield , Never Surrender . A year or two later , Mr. Nakagawa invited me to meet Mr. Onoda again as he arrived in Canada to go to Banff to scout locations for his back country experience . Mr. Nakagawa retired from Nichimen and took a post as Professor of International Business at a University in Tokyo . He has planned to come to North America several times for a sabbatical , but ill health has intervened to prevent this . I imagine he has retired to look after himself . I do n't know if he is still in touch with Mr. Onoda or not .
Hey , anarchists , or really any reader who believes passionately in your political ideals for changing this world : depart with me on a thought experiment .
Your revolution succeeds . Through whatever means you think it possible , your fellow ________s have defeated the authoritarian/fascist/totalitarian forces and are ascendant . You , of course , know that your side will not rule in the same ruthless manner your enemy did .
Now what do you do with all these enemies whom you have n't killed or converted yet ? The same beliefs that motivated them to oppose you in the past are likely not to be simply cast aside . After all , you did n't cast yours aside when you were out of power . As somebody experienced with dissidence , you know all too well that such people can take a long term view of their agenda and undermine the society you want to build in countless subtle ways .
Well , if you 're Lenin , you kill as many as you can and install a ruthless regime of your own to deter revolt of the rest . If you 're Washington , you expel as many `` loyalists '' to the enemy side as possible and , oh yeah , if anybody does n't like it you lead the army against them . If you 're Hitler , you kind of just kill them all . If you 're Mao , you kind of just kill them all .
See where I 'm heading with this ? We 're so used to being dissidents that we do n't even have a plan for success . Not only have we built the assumptions of marginality and defeatism into our politics , but we leave ourselves with a giant , gaping hole in the middle of our view of the world we seek to change . And if we do n't address this hole in the middle of our strategy , our revolution is likely to bring about the same kind of reactionary despotism we sought to overthrow , because there 's always going to be some asshole who 's willing to be the `` serious , pragmatic '' son-of-a-bitch to get shit done .
The only honest anarchists I know recognize that violent revolution is likely to come only after a large majority of people have rejected the establishment , and that any outward revolution will be , at most , a lagging indicator of the shift in public opinion , not the cause . These activists stress education and outreach . On the face of it , I think this is admirable for reasons I explained in my last post . But what about people who , even in the face of arguments you find compelling , simply do not agree with you ? How do you deal with them ? You can neither ignore the problem nor resolve to just kill them all , because the latter undermines the legitimacy of your victory and the former just invites somebody in your camp to do the same .
Let me pose a possible solution : yes , outreach and education as much as possible . But not just printing pamphlets and screeching at people ; genuine dialogue with people who make you uncomfortable ; dialogue that allows you to uncover peacefully what the ill-planned , knee-jerk revolution will uncover violently . You need to understand the strains of belief among your fellow man and not just call them bigoted or evil or stupid , but genuinely address them . We need to reach the hearts of people and not just change the label they attach to themselves , and that is harder work than most people consider when they advocate for propaganda ( nothing wrong with propaganda , just that it 's not the end-all-be-all of the task ) .
But we need a back-up plan , and here 's my suggestion : anarcho-pluralism . Because people hold beliefs that are rigid and often unshakeable in the face of majority or forceful opposition , we need to be able to go our separate ways if we can not resolve our differences . Of course , every attempt should be made to have as good of a relationship as possible with these people , but we must be ready for their rejection of premises and values we find compelling . If that means the theocrats or the fascists or the racists get their own little territories to be autocrats , well , what 's the alternative ? Killing them ? Imprisoning them ?
Here 's the upside : by not marginalizing them within a majority of society they find alien and intolerable , but instead letting them have their own sphere of influence - no matter how despicable we might find its exercise , we keep the door open that someday they will come around of their own accord . The kind of counter-revolutions that darken the history of initially pure revolutions around the world always happen because what was the ruling ideology becomes an insurgent ideology . People can feel like they are victimized and oppressed , even if they were previously oppressors , because their views are not realized - similarly to how we feel now . But by letting them build their own societies and live their own lives :
we establish a respectful , minimal relationship with them where , at best , genuine dialogue is possible and , at worst , our revolution is not threatened or tainted by violence and counter-revolution , we deny them the ability to play their people off against an enemy . Suddenly , these little dictators have to actually demonstrate they can follow through on their utopia . If we believe in our ideals , we should welcome their attempt and eventual failure , we establish our society as a haven for their dissidents and a counterexample to their society , undermining them much more thoroughly than by sheer military , political or cultural subjugation , we benefit from the lessons of their experiment , and they from the lessons of ours , and finally in the case of grossly unacceptable societies , we are much more certain that any violent means we adopt are justified . For example , say one of these splinter societies adopted human slavery . I 'd be much more willing to fight to free these slaves than to fight potential slaveholders on mere ideological and moral concepts in the abstract . If `` killing them all '' is in fact unavoidable , this approach at least provides the basis for genuinely considering an attack as a last resort . It also forces each of us to really take responsibility for our use of violence in a given scenario , instead of justifying it according to some sense of ideological purity .
At the core of this approach is the understanding that none of us have a monopoly on the truth . If we desire freedom in order to express ourselves and our conception of truth better , we must allow others equal freedom - in spite of how distasteful it may seem to us . Finally , if we truly believe in the principles of egalitarianism and liberty , we should expect that the less regimented and controlled the world is , the more likely our ideas are to emerge spontaneously . And nothing will undermine the fascists , the theocrats , the bigots , the petty dictators , and other assholes like having to abandon minority politics and actually govern according to their sad principles .
This approach also forces us to come to terms with the true significance of our agenda . It 's not just about the workers or the productive class or the people rising up ; it 's about starting to genuinely address the dark sides of our world , instead of just overcoming it in some outburst of eschatological exuberance . If this causes us to be more careful in how we revolt , well , we should be careful .
Finally , what about the people who would suffer under these other totalitarian societies through no fault of their own ? Here we have to be practical : ridding the world of human suffering can not be our political goal . In any society , even ours , people will suffer . Look at our rich , flush society and how much even privileged people cause themselves grief and heartache . The real question is : do you want to fight a fucking war over it , or do you want to start healing that suffering in the nuanced and personal manner that is required ?
Again , we have to face the fact that mere military victory does n't solve anything , and that it is a patient , thoughtful , engaging people that truly changes minds . If we are really caring and open-hearted , we will not fool ourselves into thinking evil can be simply vanquished by some faux-end-times conception of revolution . We will remain sympathetic to suffering , willing to continue the unending work of reaching out . Anarcho-pluralism allows the revolution , the transformation to continue even after we win .
Idealists and realists are always juxtaposed as if they represent two unreconcilable approaches . But in looking at these two camps with respect to revolutionary politics , perhaps this is only the case because they both go about their tasks in such a totalitarian manner . Idealists consider the revolution successful only if the ideals are adopted by 100 % of the people . On the other hand , pragmatists consider themselves successful if they are able to rule with 100 % of the power .
True transformation of society must be more subtle and thoughtful , and anarcho-pluralism provides a framework for ongoing transformation in just this manner . You can be idealistic and realistic by simply living and letting live ; all you have to give up is the desire for the shallow smugness of instant moral satisfaction in exchange for a genuine , long-term commitment to your ideals . If these beliefs are worth fighting for , are n't they worth continuing to work for after the peace accord ? Or are you only in it for a final triumph of good over evil ?
With Greenpeace activists planning to shadow Shell 's drillships in the Arctic this summer , some lawmakers want to know why the environmentalists ' vessels are n't getting as much scrutiny as the energy giant 's fleet .
Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , and Rep. Doc Hastings , R-Washington , today pressed the heads of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement to detail their plans for monitoring Greenpeace 's activities — and how they might affect marine life .
“ NOAA 's and BSEE 's analysis of ( Shell 's ) planned oil and gas exploration in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas has devoted extraordinary and unprecedented attention to the potential impacts of vessels and other activities , ” the Republicans wrote . “ Though the potential for impacts is similar , there has been no such analysis or permitting of the planned protest activities or the operation of the vessels participating in them . ”
Greenpeace 's 237-foot-long ice-class Esperanza ship left Dutch Harbor , Alaska last week , en route to document conditions in the Arctic waters near where Shell plans to drill up to five exploratory wells this summer .
Jackie Dragon , Greenpeace 's lead Arctic campaigner , said the activists were “ headed to the Arctic to show how little is known about this pristine ecosystem before Shell 's rigs move in to destroy it. ” Dragon and other Greenpeace activists say the baseline data that will be gathered before Shell moves in is essential to documenting the effects of the company 's exploratory drilling .
Greenpeace plans to launch submarine research in the deep canyons of the Bering Sea , using the Esperanza as a platform for the work . Later , scientists on the Esperanza will use submersible vessels and acoustic monitoring equipment to document marine habitats , wildlife and underwater sound near Shell 's planned drilling locations . The submersible vessels that will be used for the work also will carry high-definition video cameras and robotic arms to retrieve samples .
Environmental activists have said they are finding new , creative ways to shine a spotlight on Shell 's Arctic drilling plans , following the company 's successful pursuit of a federal injunction that bars protesters from encroaching on Shell 's drilling rigs or support ships in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas north of Alaska . Violations would mean hefty fines and potential jail time .
Before it can launch drilling this summer , Shell had to secure authorizations to “ harass ” marine mammals and get other permits required by federal environmental laws . To obtain a required air pollution permit , Shell committed to using low-sulphur fuel while in the region . But most other ships traveling through Arctic waters — be they pleasure cruises or scientific researchers — do n't have to meet the same standards .
Generally , people can be held liable under the Marine Mammal Protection Act if their activities on the water involve hunting , capturing , killing , collecting or harassment of marine mammals and they have n't previously obtained an incidental harassment authorization from NOAA . Greenpeace has not applied for such an authorization .
Alaska Lt. Gov . Mead Treadwell , noted the disparity during a recent forum in Washington , D.C .
“ There is a great inequity between what we ask of Shell on ship safety in the Arctic region and what we ask of the rest of the world , ” said Treadwell , the head of the Arctic Research Commission . “ The ships passing through do n't have to tell us they 're coming , they do n't have to tell us what they 're carrying , they do n't have to tell us what their contingency plan is , they do n't have to meet the locals who might be helping them clean up ( and ) they do n't have to listen to us if we say please move away from here because we have whaling ( underway ) . ”
Murkowski and Hastings ' request asks BSEE and NOAA to describe the specific steps those agencies are taking to address any incursions by Greenpeace activists and other outside parties . The lawmakers also want to know whether “ their planned disruptive actions ( have ) been reviewed in any way . ”
The pair of lawmakers say Greenpeace 's activities “ threaten the safety of offshore drilling operations and the workers. ” And the work could unfairly limit Shell 's work in an already short summer drilling season , they note .
“ Allowing intrusions by any group to disrupt or threaten federally permitted operations is a direct threat to the careful planning and safe operations necessary for these activities and puts in jeopardy those workers and our environment , as well as the subsistence interests of Alaska 's native people , ” Murkowski and Hastings wrote BSEE Director James Watson .
Although BSEE oversees offshore drilling in federal waters , including the Chukchi and Beaufort seas , the responsibilities for patrolling the area generally fall to the Coast Guard .
Dan Howells , Greenpeace deputy campaigns director , suggested Murkowski and Hastings were targeting the wrong people .
“ If Sen. Murkowski really cared about protecting Alaska and the environment , she would be focused on stopping Shell 's Arctic drilling operations , instead of cheerleading for Big Oil and trying to block scientific research and peaceful protest , ” Howells said .
A NOAA spokesman acknowledged receiving the letter . BSEE officials did not respond immediately to a request for comment .
By Emman Ovuakporie and Johnbosco Agbakwuru
It was anger and lamentations galore on the floor of the House of Representatives on Tuesday after news broke about the arrest and detention of about 50 Nigerian students by the Turkish government for alleged terrorism . The students were said to have been arrested over the coup attempt in Turkey , although the students have not been accused of any form of involvement in the said coup .
The matter was reported through a motion of urgent national importance sponsored by a member of the House Committee on Diaspora , Solomon Maren .
And to express resentment on the action of the Turkish government , the House not only mandated the Nigerian government to wade into the matter and explore all diplomatic options to secure the release of the students from detention , it also gave the Turkish government a seven-day ultimatum , expected to elapse on Tuesday , to release the students .
The House further mandated its Committees on Diaspora , Education , Foreign Affairs and Interior to investigate the circumstances surrounding the students arrest .
Maren , in the motion , drew the attention of his colleagues to the hardship , extortion , torture and even death which , according to him , Nigerian students go through as they seek for education abroad .
He said that since the failed Turkey coup of July 15 , there had been a clamp down on 2099 schools in Turkey , over their alleged involvement in the coup .
“ The Turkish government had also come had on Institutions associated Islamic Schilar Fetullar Gulen linked with the coup , and had also called on the federal government to shot down 17 Turkish schools in Nigeria for alleged links with the Hizmet movement that also masterminded the coup ” , the lawmaker said .
He recalled how a Nigerian student was murdered in Dubai , another Julie bedridden in Italy following alleged torture and maltreatment and another student killed in Malaysia because his travel documents could not be updated on time .
In his contribution to the motion , Rep Raphael Nnana Igbokwe , who represents Ahiazu/Ezinihitte Mbaise Federal Constituency of Imo State , called for the consolidation of the motion with a previous motion which called for an investigation of the involvement of Turkish schools in Nigeria in the coup , adding that Turkey came hard on Nigerian students because the country failed to close down Turkish institutions in Nigeria as was recommended by the Turkish government .
Igbokwe further disclosed that , according to the Ministry of Education , Turkish International Schools is privately owned , just as he queried the Corporate Affairs Commission , CAC , for allowing a private entity to register as an international entity .
However , another member of the House , Jagaba Adams Jagaba , from Kaduna State , advised the House to apply caution over the matter as it involved the diplomatic relationship between Nigeria and Turkey .
Jagaba said it would be counterproductive for the lawmakers to pre-empt the actions of the executive which has the traditional duty of diplomatic relations with foreign nations . But Rotimi Agunsoye said Nigeria should openly reprimand Turkey for detaining the students and demand an apology .
The House learnt that out of the 120 countries that have students in Turkey , only Nigerian students were detained .
Speaking to Sunday Vanguard , Chairman , House Committee on Diaspora Matters , Rep Rita Orji , said that the detention of the 50 students was an insult to Nigeria .
Orji , who represents Ajeromi-Ifelodun Federal Constituency of Lagos State on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , said the arrest of the students would have been understandable if there was any conflict between Nigeria and the Turkish government .
“ This is not the first time Nigerians based abroad are being dealt with this way . It was so sympathetic that students left their homes to where they are studying , if there is any conflict involving the two countries , it would have been understandable , but the issue of taking them right from the airport to detention and collecting their passports , I think this is the height of insult to the sovereignty of a nation ” , the Committee Chairman said .
“ This is not the issue of parents of these children , it is the issue of how you respect the sovereignty and dignity of where they come from .
“ It is just a terrible outcry on insinuations , a mere allegation that they are studying or they are linked to any of these schools they said the proprietors or the owners have link with government overthrow or the coup .
“ It is terrible because even here in Nigeria , the Turkish Ambassador attended the graduation ceremonies of students of those same Turkish schools that are purportedly to be shut down on the order of their government .
“ So , you ask , where is our sovereignty if on this level , do we really have a diplomatic relationship ? Could n't they have called on the government of Nigeria before taking such drastic action .
“ They are not ruling Nigeria for us , Nigeria is a sovereign nation and as such we are not taking instructions from Turkey . The students are in a lawful course . Non of the students has been listed as a terrorist , none of them has been mentioned as a terrorist and none on the list of wanted persons .
“ It is high time we rose up to this challenge so that people will know that the life of every Nigerian matters , this is not the issue of black life matters that is in the United States , but this time life and rights of every Nigerian student abroad matters .
“ It is unfortunate that it is happening at this critical time but I know the government of Nigeria is going to do due diligence . I believe this is an insult and assault on the dignity of persons and if not for any reason , African Charter respects life . We have freedom , it can not be based on your own assumption , hound people and detain them .
Continuing , she said , “ This case is premeditated , you ca n't tell me it is sudden . These students were targeted and waited for arrival . It is not that it is something that happened without their knowledge , it is an orchestrated attempt to tarnish the image of Nigeria .
“ I think the relevant authorities should stand up for the defence of these students and that will save our other students in other countries because this is Turkey today , it could be another country tomorrow , that will wake up again and do the same thing against our people . ”
Also commenting on the matter , Chairperson of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , Nnena Elendu- Ukeje , said Nigeria will not normally interfere in the internal workings of any country especially when it involves a situation that seems to threaten their democracy .
She went on : As a country , we also owe a responsibility to our citizens to know exactly where they are or how their doing in their host country . But we would draw the line when it comes to that number of our citizens who have been arrested in a foreign country and especially charged with treason .
“ It is pretty heavy , and any responsible country and parliament would want to find out exactly what the true status is , and that 's what we intend to do , moving forward. ” Aggregate opinion in the House is that the Nigerian government should use all diplomatic means to ensure that the ‘ innocent ' students are released from the Turkish cell . Besides , it has been argued in some quarters that Nigeria should review its diplomatic policies and ensure that she puts a stop to the rampant harassment and intimidation of her nationals doing genuine business and with valid travelling documents in any part of the world .
Click Here for More Articles on FROZEN
Disney 's Broadway-bound FROZEN has officially found its Anna for this week 's developmental lab !
The New York Post reports that Broadway veteran Patti Murin will take on the role originally played by Kristin Bell in the hit animated film . Murin joins the previously announced Betsy Wolfe as Elsa .
Beginning next summer , the musical , to be directed by Alex Timbers , will play an out-of-town tryout in Denver ahead of an official Broadway bow at the St. James Theatre in spring 2018 .
Rehearsals for the musical 's developmental lab began Monday ; Disney has yet to make an official casting announcement regarding FROZEN 's Denver run or future productions .
FROZEN features music and lyrics by creators of the film score Kristen Anderson-Lopez ( In Transit , Up Here ) and Robert Lopez ( Avenue Q , The Book of Mormon , Up Here ) and a book by Jennifer Lee ( Wreck-It Ralph ) , the film 's screenwriter and director ( with Chris Buck ) . Frozen won 2014 Oscars® for Best Song ( `` Let It Go '' ) and Best Animated Feature .
The design team for Frozen includes scenic and costume design by seven-time Tony Award winner Bob Crowley ( Mary Poppins , The Coast of Utopia , An American in Paris ) , lighting design by five-time Tony Award winner Natasha Katz ( Aladdin , An American in Paris , The Glass Menagerie ) and sound design by four-time Tony nominee Peter Hylenski ( The Scottsboro Boys , Motown , After Midnight ) .
Two-time Tony Award winner Stephen Oremus ( Avenue Q , Wicked , The Book of Mormon ) is music supervisor and creates vocal and incidental arrangements .
Murin 's theatre credits include Broadway/National Tour : `` Lysistrata Jones '' ( Lysistrata Jones ) , `` Wicked '' ( Galinda ) , `` Xanadu '' ( Euterpe ) . Almost Broadway : `` Nerds ! '' ( Sally ) . Other NY Theatre : `` Love 's Labour 's Lost '' ( Princess , Shakespeare in the Park ) , `` Fly By Night '' ( Daphne , Playwrights Horizons ) , `` Lady , Be Good ! '' ( Susie , Encores ! ) . Other favorite credits : `` Emma '' ( Emma , Old Globe Theatre ) , `` The Little Mermaid '' ( Ariel , The MUNY ) , `` Chicago '' ( Roxie , The MUNY ) . TV : Recurring on `` Chicago Med '' and `` Royal Pains '' , `` Untitled Louis CK Pilot '' ( CBS ) . BFA Syracuse University .
Check out performances by Murin below !
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
Mitophagy is the process by which damaged or excess mitochondria in cells are destroyed , their parts recycled . Mitochondria , and in particular the level of damage in mitochondria , are important in aging . For most things that are important in aging , there is also a fair amount of evidence suggesting relevance to cancer , and mitochondria are no exception . Researchers here consider some of the known links between the modulation of mitophagy and the development of cancer , and taken as a whole the evidence suggests anything but a simple relationship . Depending on the particular context , when it comes to cancer it can be argued that either less mitophagy or more mitophagy is a bad thing . This is not the case for aging , in which greater mitophagy should always be beneficial , to the extent that it maintains lower levels of mitochondrial damage and the harms that result from that damage .
Macroautophagy , hereafter referred to as autophagy , is a highly conserved degradation process targeting large and possibly toxic structures in the cell . Mitochondria-selective autophagy ( mitophagy ) plays a pivotal role in the maintenance of mitochondrial homeostasis , regulating the size and quality of the mitochondrial population . In addition , mitophagy eliminates damaged mitochondria under diverse stress conditions . Healthy mitochondria are also removed when attenuation of mitochondrial function is required upon hypoxia , caloric restriction , or during certain developmental processes . Mitochondrial surveillance and quality control mechanisms , including mitophagy , decline with age and in several pathologies , causing progressive deterioration of mitochondrial function . Deregulation of mitophagy is closely linked to cancer development and progression . Thus , elucidation of the mechanisms governing mitophagy holds promise for novel anticancer interventions .
In C. elegans , inhibition of mitophagy increases mitochondrial mass , uncouples respiration from ATP production , enhances mitochondrial ROS production , and increases cytoplasmic calcium levels . These phenotypes are commonly observed in aged animals , and across large evolutionary distance . Increased ROS contributes to carcinogenesis by causing DNA damage and triggering aberrant alterations in gene expression . Therefore , in addition to the manifestation of pro-aging phenotypes , impairment of mitophagy potentially facilitates tumorigenesis . Yet cancer cells within several types of solid tumors induce autophagy and mitophagy to adjust to their microenvironment of limited nutrient and oxygen availability . In the largely hypoxic solid tumor environment , energy production shifts from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis , leading to increased glucose uptake and reduced oxygen consumption , a phenomenon known as the Warburg effect . Mitophagy induction has thus been proposed to be part of a hypoxia adaptation response that promotes cancer cell survival .
Notably , we found that DCT-1 upregulation under mitophagy-inducing conditions is mediated by SKN-1 , the nematode homolog of mammalian Nrf2 , a transcription factor that becomes activated upon oxidative stress to preserve mitochondrial homeostasis . SKN-1 also stimulates the expression of core mitochondrial components , promoting the assembly of fresh mitochondria . Our findings reveal a new layer of mitophagy regulation , which interfaces with mitochondrial biogenesis resulting in rejuvenation of the cell 's mitochondrial pool . These observations highlight SKN-1/NRF2 as a new anticancer target whose activation could induce both mitophagy and mitochondrial biogenesis . This dual coordinating role may shield mitochondrial metabolism from oncogenic transformation by opposing the Warburg effect to increase healthspan . Decreased insulin signaling is an evolutionarily conserved molecular pathway that promotes longevity . We have shown that mitophagy is a significant contributor to lifespan extension under low insulin conditions . Indeed , inhibition of mitophagy shortens the lifespan of long-lived animals carrying lesions in daf-2 , the gene encoding the sole insulin/IGF-1 receptor homolog in C. elegans . SKN-1 and DAF-16 underlie mitophagy induction under low insulin signaling conditions .
In summary , mitophagy is emerging as a nexus of cellular and organismal physiology . Several mitophagy promoting conditions engage distinct transcription factors that impinge on cancer-associated processes . The extent of mitophagy induction is critical for the onset and progression of carcinogenesis . Impairment of mitophagy in healthy tissues can promote tumor formation and mobility of cancer cells , whereas mitophagy induction in hypoxic solid tumors promotes adaptation and tumor cell survival . Coordination of mitochondrial biogenesis and removal could provide a new pathway to circumvent the adverse effects of mitophagy in this context . Further dissection of this pathway could unravel new potential anticancer interventions targeting tumorigenesis by promoting mitochondrial rejuvenation .
EPA : GRANTS ARE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST : Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) chief Scott Pruitt Edward ( Scott ) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous , so why did it reverse the ban ? Archives investigation finds no ‘ secret ' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times . Here are the lawsuits MORE rolled out his long-awaited policy Tuesday that he says would reduce conflicts of interest on the EPA 's advisory boards by barring people who receive grants from serving on them .
The policy , rolled out at an EPA event , bars hundreds of expert scientists working in environmental and health fields at universities from serving on the boards . Conversely , it would almost certainly increase the representation from companies and industry groups on the panels .
The policy change was quickly denounced by Democrats and environmental groups , who called it a poorly disguised attempt to push out experts at odds with industry .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Republicans , who have long been seeking the same goals through other means , applauded the policy .
EPA grantees , Pruitt said , inevitably are conflicted because of the money they receive from the agency .
`` Those advisory committees have given us the bedrock of science to ensure that we 're making informed decisions , '' Pruitt said at the event .
`` And when we have members of those committees that have received tens of millions of dollars in grants at the same time that they 're advising this agency on rulemaking , that is not good and that 's not right , '' he said .
EPA advisory committee members have gotten $ 77 million in EPA grants over the last three years , Pruitt said .
`` We want to ensure that there 's integrity in the process , and that the scientists who are advising us are doing so with not any type of appearance of conflict , '' he said . `` And when you receive that much money ... there 's a question that arises about independence . ''
Pruitt cited a Bible verse from the Book of Joshua , in which Joshua led the people of Israel to the Promised Land , but asked them to choose between worshipping God or their `` false gods . ''
`` Choose this day whom you will serve , '' Pruitt said , quoting Joshua .
`` This is sort of like the Joshua principle , '' he said . `` Either service on the committee to provide counsel to us in an independent fashion or choose the grant . But you ca n't do both . ''
Read more here .
EPA SETTLES WITH EXXON : The Trump administration has reached a deal worth more than $ 300 million with Exxon Mobil Corp. to settle claims that eight of its plants released unacceptable amounts of air pollutants .
The bulk of the settlement value -- $ 300 million -- is the estimated cost of upgrades to the chemical and plastics plants in Texas and Louisiana .
Exxon is also paying $ 2.5 million in civil penalties to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and state agencies , and spending $ 1 million to plant trees in a city near one plant .
The EPA and the Justice Department announced the settlement Tuesday , along with a settlement with Colorado-based PDC Energy Inc. to resolve claims that its natural gas condensate facilities in the Denver area exceeded legal emissions limits . That agreement is worth more than $ 22 million .
`` Enforcement actions such as the two we 're announcing today are important steps to bring companies into compliance , introducing better technology and providing deterrence to other companies through the imposition of civil penalties , '' Jeff Wood , the acting head of the environment division at the Justice Department , told reporters .
`` These actions help to ensure a level playing field where all industry members are held to the same legal standard and no company can gain an economic advantage over its competitors by short-changing environmental compliance . ''
Read more here .
White House STANDS BY CLOVIS AMID RUSSIA PROBE : The Trump administration is standing by its nomination of Sam Clovis to be the top scientist at the Agriculture Department despite his new ties to the Russia investigation .
Special counsel Robert Muller interviewed Clovis as part of his investigation last week , NBC News reported Tuesday .
Questions have been swirling around Clovis since the Justice Department revealed Monday that George Papadopoulos , a low-level foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign , pleaded guilty to charges that he lied to federal investigators about his contacts with Russians during the campaign .
The complaint against Papadopoulos says that he had been encouraged by his campaign supervisor to pursue meetings with Russian officials promising damaging information on Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE .
Several media outlets have reported that Papadopoulos reported directly to Clovis , who faces a Senate confirmation hearing for the Agriculture position next month .
But White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters at Tuesday 's briefing that he would remain the Agriculture nominee for now .
`` I 'm not aware that any change would be necessary at this point , '' she said .
Clovis is already facing a difficult confirmation hearing because of his lack of scientific background , history of controversial statements and disbelief in climate change .
Read more here .
DISASTER RECOVERY COSTING FEDS $ 200 MILLION PER DAY : The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is spending an estimated $ 200 million per day on recovery efforts following a trio of hurricanes and a severe wildfire season , a top official said Tuesday .
Administrator Brock Long told senators that the agency still has `` numbers coming in '' about the costs associated with Hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria , as well as the wildfires in western states .
Asked whether the Trump administration would request more emergency funding for the disasters , Long implied that was likely .
`` I do n't think we have a good handle on the total cost of this , but you can rest assured my guys will be in touch with your staff members to make sure we do n't fumble the ball when it comes to disaster recovery , and we 'll do our best to take care of taxpayer dollars , '' Long said at a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee meeting Tuesday .
Lawmakers have already appropriated about $ 56.6 billion for disaster relief this year .
Read more here .
Senators , Brock seek distance from Whitefish deal : Brock and members of the Homeland Security Committee -- including Montana 's two senators -- sought to distance themselves from the since-canceled construction deal between Whitefish Energy and Puerto Rico .
Sen. Steve Daines Steven ( Steve ) David DainesLand conservation tax incentives should inspire charitable giving , not loopholes Montana governor visiting Iowa amid talk of possible 2020 bid Will Senate GOP try to pass a budget this year ? MORE ( R-Mont . ) said that he `` was a bit surprised when I heard the story of a small contractor of two people , most people had never heard of , including myself , getting the contract '' to help rebuild Puerto Rico 's electrical grid after Hurricane Maria . Whitefish Energy is based in Whitefish , Montana .
Sen. Jon Tester Jonathan ( Jon ) TesterOvernight Energy : Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal How the border deal came together MORE ( D-Mont . ) said that while he `` should be tickled pink they gave a contract to a company from Montana , '' he questioned the decision-making behind the contract , which was issued by Puerto Rico 's state-run electric utility late last month .
FEMA was due to help Puerto Rico pay for the $ 300 million repair contract . But Brock said the agency did n't look over the contract before it was announced , and that `` there is no lawyer inside FEMA who would have agreed to the language inside that contract . ''
ON TAP WEDNESDAY I : The Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee holds a confirmation hearing for NASA Administrator nominee Jim Bridenstine James ( Jim ) Frederick BridenstineNASA names facility for 'Hidden Figures ' inspiration Katherine Johnson SpaceX could disrupt NASA plan to return humans to the moon Hillicon Valley : Lawmakers press officials on 2020 election security | T-Mobile , Sprint execs defend merger before Congress | Officials charge alleged Iranian spy | Senate panel kicks off talks on data security bill MORE .
ON TAP WEDNESDAY II : A House Space , Science and Technology subcommittee will hold a hearing on low dose radiation research .
FROM THE HILL 'S OPINION PAGE :
Consumer Action for a Strong Economy President Matthew Kandrach argues the American electric grid is too vulnerable .
Two scholars warn that the U.S. 's nuclear plants are susceptible to cyberattacks .
A pair of forestry and ecology professors write against two congressional wildfire bills .
AROUND THE WEB :
The CEO of Scana Corp. , the energy company behind South Carolina 's abandoned Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station , resigned Tuesday , the Post and Courier reports .
New Zealand could release more visas for climate change refugees , The Guardian reports .
A company looking to design cleaner-burning coal plants will soon begin work on a test facility in Wyoming , the Associated Press reports .
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT :
Check out Tuesday 's stories ...
-Alaska governor signs order on climate change strategy
-Top GOP senator wo n't rule out gas tax hike for infrastructure upgrades
-White House : No change in plans for Sam Clovis nomination
-West Coast Dems lead call to fund early warning system for earthquakes
-GOP chairman presses social media companies over Russian energy ads
-EPA blocks scientists who get grants from its advisory boards
-Trump admin inks $ 300M air pollution settlement with Exxon
-Trade panel recommends Trump impose tariffs on solar power technology
-FEMA chief : Feds spending $ 200 million a day on hurricane , wildfire recovery
-UN environment chief : US could meet Paris goals despite Trump
Please send tips and comments to Timothy Cama , tcama @ thehill.com and Devin Henry dhenry @ thehill.com . Follow us on Twitter : @ Timothy_Cama , @ dhenry , @ thehill
( CNN ) -- Over the years digital signage in public places has become an increasingly common sight in shopping centers around the world .
TruMedia have been pioneering the smart sign surveillance technology .
However until recently there 's always been one big problem with the expensive advertising medium : How can advertisers tell if anyone is actually watching it ?
To solve that problem , ad companies are turning to technologies more commonly used to track terrorists than trace consumer behavior in an attempt to regain ground with fragmented audiences .
The new breed of digital signs are capable of measuring which ads are most appealing to what demographic , even instantly changing screen content based upon the age and sex of the people in front of it .
They would be able to switch to flower-scented shampoo for young females , arthritis medicine for senior citizens , or a new sports car for younger men .
The smart signs digest all the information they see and create a profile without ever having to ask you a single question or tell you that they doing it . This is why a growing number of privacy advocates are raising red flags about just how far retailers are willing to go to reach target audiences .
`` Whenever we talk about our technology , everybody always says , 'Is Big Brother watching ? ' '' said Vicki Rabenou , chief measurement officer of Florida-based TruMedia Technologies , a company that designs and sells audience measurement solutions based on surveillance systems used by the Israeli Government .
One of the company 's main products called the iCapture AlliO , which Samsung Electronics recently licensed to manufacture with some of its LCD screens , is an oblong black box containing cameras and software capable of generating detailed demographic reports about audiences and can change ad content in real-time depending on who it determines is in front of the sign .
`` We never record anything . We never actually attach a name to the face or a name to the data or a face to the data , '' said Rabenou . `` We only generate the data . It is just plain data . ''
TruMedia , whose slogan is `` Every Face Counts , '' has a privacy policy clearly stated on their web page , however other companies do not , and , according to Harley Geiger of the U.S.-based Center for Democracy and Technology , this is a big problem .
`` I call it the beginning of surveillance for profit , '' said Geiger . `` Companies do n't have to be forthcoming about whether they are using this stuff . The only person they really need to report to is their client . ''
`` We simply do n't know how many companies are doing this because companies do n't have to tell us , and there is nothing saying that they do , '' added Geiger .
`` And in a recession there will be even more of a push to get your advertisements in front of consumers and for advertisers to save dollars and manufacturers to save money . ''
Proponents of audience measurement technologies say it is more crucial than ever to support its integration into the burgeoning digital signage industry , which , despite the downturn , analysts predict will grow by nearly 20 percent this year .
`` Until today , out-of-home media based advertising was suffering because it was an unmeasured media , and as an unmeasured media , it was undervalued by the advertiser , '' said Rabenou .
`` Nobody would allocate their media money to this unless you have some type of measurement . Let 's support the industry . Let 's let it flourish . ''
Watching you shop , to shop better
Other companies are layering even more technologies on top of digital signage networks to further pinpoint consumer behavior , moving beyond generic demographics to collecting information about individual shoppers , their preferences , purchase histories , habits and even hobbies .
Some retailers , for example , have discussed implanting RFID tags , or wireless tracking devices , into loyalty cards . When customers walk into a store , kiosks would read the tiny chips , offering them discounts or other promotions based upon their individual purchase history .
In 2004 , German supermarket chain Metro AG tested such a system in one of its locations , implanting 10,000 RFID chips in rewards cards , but ultimately decided to drop the program after a consumer backlash .
`` With the loyalty card , if you give them your information , they will know that it is Harley Geiger who just walked in the store , '' said Geiger . `` And that is a big difference . ''
`` Who do the companies share this information with and to whom is it accessible ? '' he added . `` How would they respond to a warrant or subpoena ? What policies do they have in place for that ? ''
However others argue that the more information retailers are able to collect about their customers , the better it is for consumers and their overall shopping experience .
`` Who would n't you want to walk into a store where people do n't have to ask your name because they already know you ? '' said John Eisenhauer , head of Seattle-based Kombi , a company developing smart-phone software for use in retail spaces .
`` Any number of us have chosen to join loyalty programs , and we chose to join because of the benefits those programs deliver . ''
Many stores are already incorporating cell phones into their digital signage infrastructure .
In Japan , for example , digital signs developed by NEC Corporation often have bar codes integrated into ad content , which customers can snap pictures of with their mobiles and take to checkout counters to redeem free items or discounts . Other billboards have numbers that consumers can text to receive various promotions .
The technology Eisenhauer is creating for smart-phones is a downloadable application that would , among other things , allow retailers , with customer consent , to access information on an individual 's social networking site .
When that person is then in the retailer 's store or nearby in a shopping mall , the store 's network could send messages to his or her cell phone if other friends are in the area or send other customized information tailored to a customer 's preferences , habits or hobbies .
`` Our intention is to push into a Web 3.0 world where social networks occur in real space in real time with real people looking each other in the eye , and the shopping experience is taking place where I can touch the clothes , touch the shoes , touch the cars in real space and real time , '' said Eisenhauer . `` I get the best of both worlds . ''
`` If you are at the mall and you can find out whether any of your other friends are there who might be able to take 20 minutes out for a cheeseburger , '' said Eisenhauer . `` Would that be great ? ''
When Konami released the Silent Hill HD Collection back in March , what should have been a celebration of gaming horror classics , Silent Hill 2 and Silent Hill 3 , instead produced a collective sigh , as fans mucked through the countless technical issues within .
These issues were far more pronounced on Xbox 360 than PlayStation 3 , and not long ago Konami issued a patch attempting to smooth out the PlayStation 3 version . Now , we know why Konami did n't release an Xbox 360 patch then : they have no plans to ever .
Here 's the full statement released by Konami this afternoon :
Today , Konami Digital Entertainment , Inc. announced that while a PlayStation®3 online title update for Silent Hill HD Collection has been deployed for download via PlayStation®Network , plans for an XBOX®360 title update have been cancelled due to technical issues and resources .
Understanding the issues some users are experiencing , KONAMI issued a title update for Silent Hill HD Collection ( PS3 ) , which fixed frame rate issues as well as audio-synching and other reported issues . KONAMI apologizes to any players who are continuing to experience these issues on the XBOX 360 sku .
I 'd normally take out the registered trademark junk , but if Konami 's not feeling up to it , neither am I .
When asked if Konami will be offering a refund program for Xbox 360 owners , the company pointed me towards its customer support website .
I do n't know about you , but when I started eating healthy , I had the palette of an unsophisticated six-year-old .
I had never even heard of half of the vegetables I found on my first trip to Whole Foods and it took months for someone to instruct me on the proper pronunciation of quinoa .
However , I 've come a long way since then and now make a point to try to incorporate a new food into my diet every month . It is n't hard to do since all my prior experiences involve corn , taters and lots of butter .
So , for my first Weird Food Wednesday , I 'm going to show a few different ways to incorporate beets into your diet . Disclaimer : I had never eaten a beet in my life before I chose to use it for this segment , hence why I picked it . The beet , formally known as the beetroot , is actually an edible root . Although the entire beet plant is edible , most of the time when we refer to eating beets , we 're referring to the root portion . Beets grow in several different colors — purple , gold and red — and are known for their extremely bright and vivid color . Which will stain your hands , your clothes , and anything else it comes into contact with — just an FYI .
First of all , they 're DELICIOUS . Second of all , they 're super healthy . This low-calorie food is packed with fiber and good carbohydrates . Beets are also a great source of manganese and B vitamins , including folate , which is super important for mommys-to-be or women who are trying to conceive . You can read more about how good beets are for you here .
Third of all , you can cook beets about a million different ways . Just type in beet recipes on Pinterest and you 'll see hundreds of recipes for everything from soups to cakes . But , who needs Pinterest when you 've got FitnessHQ ? We 've got four awesome recipes for everyone from our beginner beet lovers to our old hats . Be prepared for lots of bad food puns and some yummy goodness !
Oven Roasted Beets
Ingredients
2 beets of any color ( I chose golden , because variety )
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon rosemary
Directions
Preheat your oven to 300 degrees F. Clean your beets thoroughly and scrape off any remaining roots . Some people choose to peel them , but I 'm all about maximizing my nutrients , so I left the skins on . Slice your beets up and spread them out on a cookie pan . In a small microwave-safe dish , heat up your coconut oil for 30 seconds or until it 's melted . Add your salt , pepper and rosemary to the oil and then use a brush to brush it over the beets . Roast in the oven for 25 minutes and bam , you 've got yourself a delicious and nutritious snack .
Beets , Green Bean and Walnut Salad
Ingredients
1 head of lettuce/1 container of salad mix
1 cup of walnuts
1 cup of roasted beets
1 cup of green beans
2 teaspoons of olive oil
Directions
Heat up 1 cup of water on the stove . When it reaches the boiling point , add the green beans and let them boil for five to eight minutes or until they 're soft . Drain your green beans and run cold water on them . In a large bowl , mix your salad , your roasted beets ( see above recipe on instructions for how to make them ) and walnuts . Once your green beans are cool , add them and toss your salad . Add feta cheese if your diet permits . Top with olive oil and viola , you 've got a yummy breakfast or lunchtime salad . Think the ingredient combination sounds a little strange ? Try it for yourself and thank us later !
Beets and Sweet Potato Breakfast Hash
Ingredients
1 Purple Beet
1 Sweet Potato
1/2 white onion
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
Directions
Heat up the coconut oil in a small skillet over medium heat . Add the beet , the sweet potato and onion . Cover with a lid and cook for 20 minutes , stirring occasionally to prevent sticking . Add salt and pepper to taste and serve . Yum ! Easy and SO good !
Warning : Purple beets have a lot of pigment and will turn everything you cook pink , but it will all still taste bomb . Tell Dr. Dre to move over — there 's a new beet master in town !
Beet and Mushroom Soup
Ingredients
8 ounces of mushrooms
2 large purple beets
1/2 white onion
3 cloves of garlic
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
16 ounces of chicken broth
1 can of full-fat coconut milk
1 tablespoon of oregano
1 tablespoon of thyme
Directions
Heat up coconut oil and garlic and onions in a large stock pot over medium heat . Once the onions become translucent , add sliced beets and mushrooms to mixture and cover . Heat for 15-20 minutes , stirring often until the beets and mushrooms are soft . Add chicken broth , coconut milk and seasonings . Allow to simmer for another 5 minutes . Remove the soup from heat and allow cooling for several minutes before pouring it into a blender and mixing it well for two minutes . Salt and pepper to taste and serve .
So , as you can see , you do n't have to be some sort of high class chef or health guru to incorporate beets into your diet . Pick up a bunch the next time you 're at the store and enjoy how easy and versatile these veggies can be .
For more Weird Food Wednesdays , click here .
Micah Richards has revealed he rejected a pay rise at Manchester City in an effort to revive his career with a move to Fiorentina .
The former England defender , who won the last of his 13 international caps against Holland at Wembley in February 2012 , completed a season-long loan to the Serie A side on Monday , despite being offered the chance to remain in the Premier League with West Ham United and Sunderland .
The 26-year-old is City 's longest-serving player , having made his debut in 2005 . But he has made only nine Premier League appearances in the past two seasons at the Etihad Stadium and manager Manuel Pellegrini has intensified competition among his full-backs this summer , recruiting Bacary Sagna from Arsenal and Eliaquim Mangala from Porto .
And although City had been ­prepared to extend and improve Richards ' £65,000-a-week contract , the player insists that he chose to take a pay cut with Fiorentina to secure regular football .
“ I 'm desperate to play football , ” Richards told Talksport . “ It 's been a frustrating two years at Manchester City . It 's my club and I 've given blood , sweat and tears for them . When you find yourself not playing , it 's hard .
“ I was offered a new contract and I had a long think about it . I was offered more money at City but it 's not about the money . It 's about playing football now. ” He added : “ It was so , so hard to leave and it was an emotional day for me. ” Despite Fiorentina negotiating a deal to sign Richards permanently next summer , the full-back admits he is still hopeful of making a return to City . “ I 've been at City for so long and it is my club , ” Richards said . “ Hopefully , in the future , I 'll be back in some capacity because they are a club close to my heart . ”
City captain Vincent Kompany wrote of Richards : “ Club legend ! Proud to have played 6 years alongside this man . ”
- Ranking the Premier League clubs ' summer spending
- Paul Hayward : A desolate day for English football
- Premier League clubs spend record £835m in transfer window
The brain is so highly interconnected that every part of it seems like it 's closely wired to every other part , opening up countless possible neural signaling pathways . But some very strong tendencies put reins on them .
“ Not all of those paths are equally likely to be traveled , ” Stanley said . “ Some connections are much better wired than others due to genetic determination , or learning behavior. ” Human behavior is partly genetically encoded and formed during development , like the capacity to speak , and partly learned , like mastering a language .
Some neural pathways are well paved , like signals for perception and motor movement traveling via the thalamus , a structure in the deep brain that acts as a neural super-turnstile . It is critical to coherent brain function , as it routes and modulates signals to and from the cortex , where some locations , like the visual cortex or the motor cortex , are assigned to specific functions .
Seahorse GPS
The hippocampus is aptly named . “ Hippo ” is ancient Greek for “ horse , ” “ kampos ” for “ sea monster. ” The deep brain region is curve-shaped like a seahorse , and it helps you get around from place to place by facilitating orientation .
It also slows down noticeably with age , and in Alzheimer 's disease , the hippocampus succumbs early on , leaving sufferers disoriented . That disease helps put the hippocampus in researchers ' focus .
Work on its encoding of location garnered scientists a Nobel Prize in 2014 for describing the brain 's GPS . They also found that the hippocampus , which is important for memory as well , lays down some consistent neural code , contrasting with neural networks ' often fluxing firing patterns .
“ It was shown back in the 1970s that there are neuron groups in the hippocampus that fire in a particular location in space , ” said neuroscientist and biomedical engineer Annabelle Singer , who studies hippocampal function in mice at the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering . “ If the mouse is running around this room , for example , when it gets to this one spot , there 's a subset of cells that will fire. ” Other subsets fire when the mouse arrives at other spots .
The existence of such neural activity has also been corroborated in humans .
Annabelle Singer , assistant professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering , studies how the hippocampus ' neurons fire as the brain creates orientation in a video maze seen in the background . Photo : Christopher Moore .
Let 's label the cell groups that do this A , B , C and D. As you stroll to your local coffee shop ( or as a mouse in a lab runs through a video maze toward a reward ) , neurons fire in sequence corresponding to recognized physical locations along the way . Sidewalk , fire A. Crosswalk , fire B . Supermarket entrance , fire C. Coffee shop counter , fire D .
Singer is researching how such cell groups collaborate to encode paths in the first place . And she has observed them firing in other instances . For example , when a mouse licks a delicious reward for running a maze , the pattern re-fires . “ You get , really quickly , A-B-C-D. That 's called reactivation , or replay . ”
What Singer does in mice , researcher Scott Moffat from the School of Psychology mirrors in his work with humans . He has human subjects navigate through video mazes inspired by video mazes rodents run , in part because , if mice and humans perform the same task , it makes comparing their brain activity easier .
But whereas Singer zeros in on finer neuron activities in a mouse 's brain , Moffat uses functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to measure broader patterns in humans ' brains . He focuses on diminishing navigational abilities in aging .
“ There are very consistent areas of the human brain that are activated during navigation tasks , ” said Scott Moffat , associate professor in the School of Psychology . He uses an fMRI machine , above , to record the patterns of brain activity in humans who are navigating a virtual landscape , right . Photo : Christopher Moore ; graphic : courtesy Scott Moffat .
“ There are very consistent areas of the human brain that are activated during navigation tasks , ” Moffat said . The hippocampus taps into nearby brain regions like the parahippocampus , which has an area for computing place recognition . It even lights up when people just look at pictures of places .
“ Younger people activate these areas when doing spatial tasks , ” Moffat said . “ When we run older people through these virtual navigation tasks , what we see pretty consistently is under-­activation in the same areas . ”
In Alzheimer 's patients , as these areas break down , sufferers begin to lose their way and can even go missing .
I , Robot
Want to try an experiment that shows how your brain , without your even noticing , keeps you from tipping over ?
Reach out your hand like you 're going to pick up a glass , and then pull your hand back . Repeat that motion and observe your torso . That back-and-forth sway is balance correction courtesy of your lower brain : the cerebellum and brainstem , which are adjusting multiple muscles to preserve your balance .
Now you have a small sampling of what mechanical engineer Lena Ting observes to study the nervous system 's control of balance . She looks at the body in motion to gain insights about the brain .
Lena Ting , professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering , covers subjects in tracking markers and video records them while they are thrown off balance by a floorboard that shifts abruptly . Photo : Rob Felt .
“ I can describe the mechanics , and if I have a good model of that , I should understand something about how the system is controlled , which gets me to what the brain and the nervous system are doing , ” said Ting , a professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering . She started out studying biological motion control to apply it to robots , but now also concentrates on evaluating rehabilitation techniques for people suffering from neurodegenerative diseases like Parkinson 's .
“ We 're looking at how muscles are controlled in functional units we call motor modules , ” she said . One motor module might be the combination of muscles that go to work when you extend your arm . Others would kick in when you hop on a bike .
Though motor modules work for the most part automatically , initially , they probably had to be learned , like when a child learns to stay balanced on a bike .
Also , our huge cognitive brain regions can override automatic balance to make us willfully walk upright when we otherwise could n't , perhaps due to a neurological ailment . But that overriding has limitations , because the brain regions that do it is n't optimally wired for balance control .
“ If you ride a bicycle , and you go through a narrow gap , if you think about it too much , you may wobble a lot , ” Ting said , “ whereas , normally , you could probably pass through that space . ”
Elsewhere in the nervous system , your spinal cord is doing some things on its own , like triggering reflexes .
To watch these various functions interplay , in her lab at Emory University , Ting covers subjects in tracking markers and video records them while she purposely throws off their balance using a floorboard that shifts around abruptly . Cameras roll as the subjects strive to maintain posture — not an easy thing to do .
But watching them flail may help Ting assess the effectiveness of rehabilitation methods in treating neurological disabilities .
All Together Now
When cognitive neuroscientists say “ cognition , ” they 're not usually referring to how the brain ponders , but instead to how its networks learn facts , recall memories , or pay attention .
Though scientific understanding of “ thought ” and “ psyche ” may lie far down the research road , elements of “ cognition ” could be their building blocks , and the brick layer could be something called “ cognitive control. ” Cognitive psychologist Eric Schumacher studies how cognitive control employs functions like attention , memory , and learning to make very simple decisions or complete a nominal task .
“ When you 're reading a book , you may want to understand the facts , ” said Schumacher , an associate professor in Georgia Tech 's School of Psychology . “ Your brain has to guide your eyes , encode the words , and link them up to knowledge you already have . There 's a way your brain recruits systems to achieve that , which is what we mean by control . ”
Cognitive control constantly adjusts this coordination of senses , movements , knowledge , memory , and more . It 's an array of processes not yet completely understood , so to get a handle on some of them , Schumacher lets volunteers watch action movies and observes their brain activity in an fMRI .
“ Things change as we go through the world , and movies , with their flow of actions , allow us to study that in a scanner , ” he said . For example , there 's a marked contrast in the way the brain lights up during moments of high suspense and low suspense in the story line .
“ With increasing suspense , you become more interested in the story , and regions of the brain 's visual systems that process the center of the screen , where the movie is , become more active , selecting more information from the film , and regions that process the visual periphery become less active . ”
“ That 's neural evidence for the focusing of attention , ” Schumacher said .
Other brain regions — in the parietal and frontal lobes — are known for allocating that attention from one thing to the next . “ There 's more activity in those regions in moments of high suspense , ” Schumacher said .
And that cognitive control appears to link suspense with learning . “ People are more likely to remember information presented at moments of high suspense than in moments of low suspense , ” Schumacher said .
The Zone-Out Zone
Relax . Zone out . Welcome to the brain 's default mode network , where it may feel like the mind is just wandering . But a lot is still going on in the brain , which never shuts off .
Broad patterns of brain activity measured by functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( fMRI ) . Graphic : courtesy Shella Keilholz .
Do n't believe it ? Initially , Shella Keilholz did n't quite either . The physicist , who researches in neuroscience as associate professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering , thought that any activity in a brain in default mode would be extremely faint .
“ When we started doing these studies , we thought resting state activity basically would fly under the radar of our detection possibilities , ” she said . She 's glad that was wrong . “ There 's more information in this resting state MRI than we 'd ever hoped to find . ”
“ All these areas like visual cortex and auditory cortex that are ready for input from the outside world , their activity goes down , and the activity in this default mode network and the areas attached to it go up , ” she said . The energy level , in sum , does n't change . It just kind of spreads around the brain .
Even though a volunteer subject may be lying flat and still , areas in the brain responsible for hand movement appear to be softly talking to each other . The default mode network stays on during most sleep . It 's even on during a coma .
The brain transitions a lot between the default mode network and the task positive network , which becomes active when people do externally focused activities .
To research this , Keilholz has people gaze at a little blue dot and relax .
When the dot suddenly turns purple , the research subjects are supposed to punch a button , which requires the brain to quickly suppress the default mode network and jump into the task positive network .
Surprisingly , the more strongly a test subject went into default mode network , the more quickly they could bolt out of it and into the task positive network .
Keilholz has found an innovative way to address one of neuro­science 's great challenges . In rodents , she is taking measurements on a neuronal level and is correlating them with broader measurements of the fMRI . This may someday allow scientists to know what is going on between small bunches of neurons just by looking at an MRI image .
Ben Brumfield is a senior science writer with Georgia Tech 's Institute Communications . He is a former CNN.com editor .
Funding for McGrath , Lu , Streelman , Forest and Haider was provided by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , the National Institute of General Medical Sciences , the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering , and the National Institute on Aging , all part of the National Institutes of Health . Funding was also provided by the BRAIN Initiative , the Single Cell Grant program , and the National Science Foundation . Funding for Singer , Moffat , and Ting was provided by the National Institute for Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , both part of the National Institutes of Health , and the National Science Foundation . Funding for Schumacher and Keilholz was provided by the National Institute for Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the National Institute of Mental Health , both part of the National Institutes of Health . Funding was also provided by the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
It is the latest twist in a travel trend that industry observers have labelled the `` shapecation '' .
Russian tour operators are reporting a surge of interest in a hitherto little-known archipelago due to its uncanny resemblance to the birthmark of the former USSR leader , Mikhail Gorbachev .
The obscure archipelago , which is known as Durak Aprel , is located off the Siberian coast in the far north-east of the country .
An aerial photograph ( see second photo above ) highlights the similarity between the group of islands and the brown coloration that marks Mr Gorbachev 's forehead – and that has prompted an influx of visitors to a particularly remote part of the country .
Ollaf Ryodiaps , marketing director for the Moscow-based tour operator Russian Here and There , said the phenomenon came to his attention last year . “ The first I knew about it was when someone came in asking if they could get to the birthmark islands , ” said the 43 year-old , who holds dual British and Russian nationality . “ I did n't have a clue what they were talking about until they showed me the photos . ”
“ It was not an easy place to arrange a trip to – the sea crossing is notorious , but it 's actually a wild , starkly beautiful place , and everyone I know who has gone is pleased they have made the effort . ”
Mr Ryodiaps said that interest in the trips was initially just from Russians , but that he has taken several inquiries in recent weeks from adventurous western holidaymakers .
Mr Gorbachev , who celebrated his 80th birthday at the Royal Albert Hall earlier this week with a group of high-profile politicians and Hollywood film stars , has usually enjoyed higher levels of popularity in the west than in his home country . The interest in the archipelago suggests that he might now be enjoying something of a renaissance in Russia .
It is the most recent case to emerge in a holiday-making phenomenon that industry experts are now calling “ shapecations ” .
The first known example of the trend became apparent three years ago , when it was reported that lovers were heading to the heart-shaped Croatian islet of Galesnjak after its distinctive outline was highlighted on Google Earth .
hidden
Telecom operator Videocon Telecomhas said it will offer ultrafast 4G mobile internet services at existing 2G and 3G prices .
“ We will be offering 4G at 2G , 3G rates , ” Videocon Telecom Director and Chief Executive Officer Arvind Bali said on sidelines of the LTE India event here . Videocon at present has permit to operate in seven service areas but it has operations in four circles only . The company has plans to launch 4G services by the end of current financial year . “ It will take us 3-4 months to deploy technology from the date we place purchase order . We will start from 10 cities initially by end of this fiscal and we will scale as the business grows , ” Bali said .
The company has earlier said it will follow strategy to keep prices of telecom services 20-25 percent lower than competition . Bali said typically a 2G network offers speeds of 64 to 144 kilobits per second and a 3G Network offers speeds of up to 144 kbps to 2 megabits per second , while on 4G network one can practically get 5 to 50 times the 3G speeds depending on the available spectrum .
“ Further 4G network comes with an advantage of low cost per bit compared to 2G and 3G networks . The advantage of the 4G experience will be the fact that users will be able to download the same amount of data in much lesser time and hence allowing us to accommodate more data download on our network , ” he said .
Talking about 4G services at the event , Reliance Jio Infocomm President Sumit D Chowdhury unveiled his book ‘ Rules of the Game ' and said 4G service providers will have to look at new ways of handling networks , specially for to machine-to-machine ( M2M ) communication in coming days . ” We have to think differently when we will have machines also connected on network . We will have man talking to machines , machines talking machines through ( telecom networks ) in future where operators will have to find ways to manage or bill them , ” Chowdhury said . M2M connectivity will become prevalent technology in the country in next 2-3 years , he said .
Industry body COAI Associate Director General Vikram Tiwathia said that when M2M technology will be rolled out in the country , government will have to re-visit some of the rules specially present limiting of 10 SIMs that can be sold to a subscriber in a service area .
PTI
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp . For all the buzz on the latest tech and science , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
FILE - In this Nov. 28 , 2012 file photo , South Korean rapper PSY , who sings the popular `` Gangnam Style , '' greets Thai fans after a press conference in Bangkok , Thailand . As `` Gangnam Style '' gallops toward 1 billion views on YouTube , the first Asian pop artist to capture a massive global audience has gotten richer click by click . So too has his agent and his grandmother . But the money from music sales is n't flowing in from the rapper 's homeland South Korea or elsewhere in Asia . With one song , 34-year-old Park Jae-sang — better known as PSY — is set to become a millionaire from YouTube ads and iTunes downloads , underlining a shift in how money is being made in the music business . ( AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit , File )
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — As `` Gangnam Style '' gallops toward 1 billion views on YouTube , the first Asian pop artist to capture a massive global audience has gotten richer click by click . So too has his agent and his grandmother . But the money from music sales is n't flowing in from the rapper 's homeland South Korea or elsewhere in Asia .
With one song , 34-year-old Park Jae-sang — better known as PSY — is set to become a millionaire from YouTube ads and iTunes downloads , underlining a shift in how money is being made in the music business . An even bigger dollop of cash will come from TV commercials .
From just those sources , PSY and his camp will rake in at least $ 8.1 million this year , according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates . But for online music sales in South Korea , he 'll earn less than $ 60,000 .
Here 's how it works .
YOUTUBE
`` Gangnam Style '' with its catchy tune and much imitated horse-riding dance is the most-watched video on YouTube ever .
The viral video has clocked more than 880 million YouTube views since its July release , beating Justin Bieber 's `` Baby , '' which racked up more than 808 million views since February 2010 . PSY 's official channel on YouTube , which curates his songs and videos of his concerts , has nearly 1.3 billion views .
TubeMogul , a video ad buying platform , estimates that PSY and his agent YG Entertainment have raked in about $ 870,000 as their share of the revenue from ads that appear with YouTube videos . The Google Inc.-owned video service keeps approximately half .
PSY and YG Entertainment also earn money from views of videos that parody his songs .
Google detects videos that use copyrighted content . Artists can have the video removed or allow it to stay online and share ad revenue with YouTube . In the last week of September when `` Gangnam Style '' had around 300 million views , more than 33,000 videos were identified by the content identification system as using `` Gangnam Style . ''
But since YouTube can be accessed from all over the world , would n't Asia be responsible for a significant chunk of the $ 870,000 ? The countries with the second and third-highest views of the video are Thailand and South Korea .
`` Ads rates vary depending on which country the video is played . Developed countries have higher ad rates and developing countries lower , '' said Brian Suh , head of YouTube Partnership in Seoul .
And the country with the most views of `` Gangnam Style ? '' The United States .
LEGAL DOWNLOADS , CDs
`` Gangnam Style '' has been downloaded 2.9 million times in the U.S. and has been the No . 1 or No . 2 seller for most weeks since its debut , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
The song sells for $ 1.29 on Apple 's iTunes Store , the market leader in song downloads . Apple generally keeps about 30 percent of all sales , so the PSY camp could be due more than $ 2.6 million .
How much PSY keeps and how much goes to his managers , staff and record label is unclear . South Korean industry insiders said PSY likely gets 70 percent and YG Entertainment 30 percent for U.S. downloads .
But earnings from downloads in PSY 's homeland are far from an embarrassment of riches .
South Koreans pay less than $ 10 a month for a subscription to a music service that allows them to download hundreds of songs or have unlimited access to a music streaming service . That makes the cost of a downloaded song about 10 cents on average . The average price for streaming a song is 0.2 cent .
PSY 's cut for downloads is 14 percent . That falls to 7.5 percent for streamed songs . Yes , 7.5 percent of 0.2 cent . And that 's before PSY 's `` Gangnam Style '' co-composer take his share . The biggest cut goes to his agent and online retailers .
According to South Korea 's national Gaon Chart , `` Gangnam Style '' was downloaded more than 3.6 million times and streamed around 40 million times as of November . That adds up to a little more than $ 61,000 .
It 's likely the fast fading music CD industry generated even smaller revenue . PSY 's 9 percent cut from sales of 102,000 CDs in South Korea would earn him $ 50,000 or more , according to an estimate by Kim Dong-hyun , a senior manager at Korea Music Copyright Association .
As for many other parts of Asia , illegal downloads and pirated CDS are so pervasive that only a small minority are willing to pay up for the legal versions .
If you have ever worked extensively with any kind of system that involves names , addresses or basically any kind of arena that allows users to enter data , then you might find this helpful .
Users often do n't have any concern with how things might appear within an application and there may be a few situations where you want to actually properly format some of your input . Using some of the existing methods that are available in .NET , we can handle some of the more basic casing-related needs ( such as upper-casing and lower-casing a string ) but your business needs may require some more complex methods to handle this .
This can be accomplished in a variety of ways , but in this post , we will leverage extension methods to help keep our code relatively clean .
Lower-casing
One of the easiest methods to handle is simply taking a string and transforming all of the existing letters into their lower-case brethren . This can easily be done using the String.ToLower ( ) or String.ToLowerInvariant ( ) methods as seen below :
// Example 1 : ToLowerCase ( all lower-case ) var lowercase = `` This is an example '' .ToLowerInvariant ( ) ; // yields `` this is an example ''
Upper-casing
Another commonly encountered method is the requirement to switch all of the letters within a string to their upper-case form . This is accomplished through the String.ToUpper ( ) or String.ToUpperInvariant ( ) method and is perfect when you need to yell at someone .
// Example 2 : ToUpperCase ( all upper-case ) var uppercase = `` This is an example '' .ToUpperInvariant ( ) ; // yields `` THIS IS AN EXAMPLE ''
Title-casing ( Pascal or Sentence-casing )
Title-casing is method of casing that as the name implies would focus on capitalizing the first letter of all of the words within a string . This would most commonly be used some instances involving proper names , titles and can be a bit trickier to implement that its upper and lower-case brethren .
Commonly , you would use the TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( ) method to handle this as follows :
// Example 3 : ToTitleCase ( upper-cases the first letter of each word ) var nottitled = CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( `` THIS IS AN EXAMPLE '' ) ;
But you 'll notice a minor flaw in the TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( ) method as it does not convert upper-case characters to lower-case ( they are considered to be acronyms ) . This can be a problem that can be easily fixed by simply using the String.ToLower ( ) or String.ToLowerInvariant ( ) methods on your target string :
// Example 3a : ToTitleCase var nottitled = CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( `` THIS IS AN EXAMPLE '' .ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ;
or if you wanted to make an extension method for it , you would simply use :
public static class StringExtensions { public static string ToTitleCase ( this string s ) { return CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( s.ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ; } }
which would be used as :
// Example 3a : ToTitleCase ( as an extension method ) var titlecase = `` THIS IS AN EXAMPLE '' .ToTitleCase ( ) ; / yields `` This Is An Example ''
You will need to include the appropriate namespace to have access to the TextInfo object , but you just need to add the following using statement to your code :
// Necessary for TextInfo ( used in ToTitleCase ) using System.Globalization ;
Camel-casing ( basically Title-casing with the first letter being lower-cased )
Camel-casing is commonly used within naming conventions to denote some variables such as engineType , vogonPoetry , anotherVariableName . It is probably less commonly encountered with strings , however we will review over handling it in case the need arises . This example is specifically for space or otherwise delimited words , as you would need to add quite a bit of additional logic to match the beginning of actual words within a single string .
Camel-casing is basically going to be implemented the same way as Title-casing with the exception that we will always explicitly set the first letter to lower-case as seen below :
public static string ToCamelCase ( this string s ) { // Build the titlecase string var titlecase = CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( s.ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ; // Ensures that there is at-least two characters ( so // that the Substring method does n't freak out ) return ( titlecase.Length > 1 ) ? Char.ToLowerInvariant ( titlecase [ 0 ] ) + titlecase.Substring ( 1 ) : titlecase ; }
which would be used as :
// Example 4 : ToCamelCase ( basically ToTitleCase except the first character is lowercased ) var camelcase = `` This is an example '' .ToCamelCase ( ) ; // yields this Is An Example ''
Irish-Casing ( capitalizing characters that follow apostrophes such as O'Reilly , etc . )
In another format that you might occasionally encounter the need for capitalizing the letters that occur after apostrophes ( such as in Irish or Gaelic names ) which we will call `` Irish-case '' . We will assume that this will primarily be used on names , so it will just involve them being changed into Title-case and then we will use a Regular Expression to match each of the characters that occur after an apostrophe and replace them with their upper-case variant . Prior to going into these , you 'll also need to include another namespace reference since you will be working with Regular Expressions :
// Necessary for Irish and Custom-casing using System.Text.RegularExpressions ;
After including that , you can easily add in the following code and get started :
public static string ToIrishCase ( this string s ) { // This will build a Titlecased string , but // will uppercase any letter 's that appear after // apostrophes ( as in names ) var titlecase = CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( s.ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ; // Replaces any character after an apostrophe // with its uppercase variant return Regex.Replace ( titlecase , `` ' ( ? : . ) '' , m = > m.Value.ToUpperInvariant ( ) ) ; }
which would be used again as an extension method :
// Example 5 : Special Casing for names var irishcase = `` O'reilly '' .ToIrishCase ( ) ; // yields `` O'Reilly ''
Irish-casing is interesting because it can easily be elaborated on or added to . For instance , if you wanted to add this same logic to not only match characters that occurred after apostrophes but hyphens as well , you would just need to adjust the expression being used from :
' ( ? : . )
to :
[ '- ] ( ? : . )
The expression will now match both of these characters and capitalize accordingly :
public static string ToExtendedIrishCase ( this string s ) { // This will build a Titlecased string , but will // uppercase any letter 's that appear after // apostrophes ( as in names ) var titlecase = CultureInfo.InvariantCulture.TextInfo.ToTitleCase ( s.ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ; // Replaces any character after an apostrophe or // hyphen with its uppercase variant return System.Text.RegularExpressions.Regex.Replace ( titlecase , @ '' [ '- ] ( ? : . ) '' , m = > m.Value.ToUpperInvariant ( ) ) ; }
and an example might look like this :
// Example 5a : ToExtendedIrishCase ( like Irishcase , // but it also captializes characters after hyphens as well ) var irishcase = `` kathleen hely-hutchinson '' .ToIrishCase ( ) ; // yields `` Kathleen Hely-Hutchinson ''
This probably serves an excellent segue to our next and most custom extension method , Custom-casing .
Custom-Casing ( provides the lower-cased version of a string with only the characters specified being upper-cased )
Custom-casing would be a method that might function as a starting-point if you wanted to write your own completely custom form of casing if the need arises . In this example of Custom-casing , the method is going to transition all of the characters to lower-case variants and then it will use an expression to match only the characters specified and change them into upper-case ones :
public static string ToCustomCasing ( this string s , string [ ] characters ) { // If there are no characters to specifically capitalize , // return the initial string if ( characters == null || ! characters.Any ( ) ) { return s ; } // Replacement expression var replacements = String.Format ( `` [ { 0 } ] '' , String.Join ( `` '' , characters ) .ToLowerInvariant ( ) ) ; // Replaces any characters that were passed in return System.Text.RegularExpressions.Regex.Replace ( s.ToLowerInvariant ( ) , replacements , m = > m.Value.ToUpperInvariant ( ) ) ; }
which would look like this when used :
//Example 6 : Custom Casing ( only upper-cases specific characters ) var customcase = `` This is an example '' .ToCustomCasing ( new string [ ] { `` e '' , `` i '' } ) ; // yields `` thIs Is an ExamplE ''
Overview & Code Examples
These are just a few methods that might help you solve some tricky issues or implement specific conventions when dealing with user or otherwise generated input within your applications . The use of extension methods provides a very clean approach and the methods themselves are quite straight-forward and should be easy to extend if a specific need arises .
You can download all of the examples that were specified within this post in both C # and Visual Basic from the following repository on GitHub :
It is happening again . Twenty years after the genocide in Rwanda , 30 years after the famine in Ethiopia , Africa 's twin scourges are back . This time it is a single country facing a double disaster . South Sudan , the world 's newest nation , not yet three years old , is on the brink of catastrophe .
Here in Melut , on the banks of the Nile , close to the oilfields and the border with Sudan , the signs of impending disaster are impossible to miss . This week the world 's richest nations will have one last chance to make good their promises of help .
Nearly 20,000 people have fled to Melut since fighting between rival government factions broke out last December . In total , more than a million people have fled from their homes and , with the rainy season starting , more than a third of the population – 3.7 million people – are already facing emergency and crisis levels of hunger .
`` There is no food here , '' a man tells me as we sit in the dust beneath an acacia tree in one of Melut 's makeshift camps . `` No food . We eat leaves from the trees and the women go out to collect firewood . But when the rain comes , it will be still worse . We will starve – and then we will die . ''
Relief agencies are fighting a desperate battle to alert the outside world to the scale of the impending disaster . Last week Oxfam warned that the crisis has reached a `` now or never moment '' to avoid catastrophic levels of hunger and suffering . Chief executive Mark Goldring said : `` The crisis is at a tipping point . We either act now or millions will pay the price . We need a massive and rapid global surge in aid … We can not afford to wait , and we can not afford to fail . ''
In Melut the rains have just started . Two of the town 's camps are on the banks of the Nile and few of the flimsy straw huts have plastic sheeting for their roofs . Soon the dust will turn to mud . Disease will spread . The old and the young , already weak from hunger , will start to die . `` Please tell the world , '' says one of the camp 's leaders . `` We need food , shelter and mosquito nets . We can not survive like this . ''
Last week , in an ominous development , the South Sudanese government officially declared a cholera outbreak in the capital , Juba . In a statement last Thursday , it said that 18 suspected cases and one death have already been reported in the city . The fear is that soon the outbreak will spread among the 1.3 million people who have been displaced by the past five months of violence .
The world can not say it did n't know about this crisis . Last month the US 's top aid official , Rajiv Shah , warned : `` South Sudan is on the brink of famine . '' The EU said the world was witnessing a humanitarian disaster of appalling proportions , and the UN 's humanitarian aid coordinator , Toby Lanzer , said that without immediate action the South Sudan crisis will be more serious than anything seen in Africa since the Ethiopian famine of 30 years ago .
On Tuesday the world 's major donors will meet in Oslo to decide on a response to the crisis . The UN says current pledges amount to less than half of what is needed : it wants another $ 1.26bn ( £750m ) to pay for urgent assistance until the end of this year . Without it , four million people will be left at risk of avoidable diseases , hunger or death . Up to 50,000 children could die from malnutrition . Cholera could spread and tens of thousands of people could die from other diseases such as measles , pneumonia and malaria . If no seeds are planted during the rainy season , famine will follow within months .
I met Tyler Evans , a doctor from New York who is working with the relief agency Médecins Sans Frontières , in his makeshift clinic beneath a piece of plastic sheeting held up on wooden poles . We were in the UN compound in Melut , where nearly 1,000 people have sought refuge behind razor wire after being chased from their homes by armed gangs .
The biggest health issue Evans faces on his visits twice a week to the over-crowded and squalid camp is lack of hygiene .
`` What 's the use of me telling a woman she must wash her hands before she feeds her children if she has no soap and no access to clean water ? '' he asks . `` We 're already seeing malnourishment among children – up to 10 % not far from here – and when the rains come , so will malaria . ''
The people in this camp are terrified and traumatised . They shelter beneath the protective guns of UN guards , knowing full well that last month in Bor , the capital of Jonglei state to the south of here , 200 armed men in civilian clothing stormed a UN base where more than 5,000 civilians had taken refuge . More than 50 people were reported to have been killed .
They , like the people in the UN compound in Melut , were Nuer , members of South Sudan 's second-largest ethnic group to which the former vice-president , now turned rebel leader , Riek Machar , belongs . What began as a personal and political struggle between him and President Salva Kiir , who is a Dinka , the country 's biggest ethnic group , has now turned into communal bloodletting of Rwanda-like brutality .
International diplomats do not use the word genocide lightly – but two weeks ago the US secretary of state , John Kerry , said that if South Sudan 's violence continued along ethnic lines it `` could really present a very serious challenge to the international community with respect to the question of genocide '' .
What that implies is that this is not the kind of conflict that can be stopped in its tracks by a ceasefire agreement – and early signs are that the agreement in Addis Ababa last weekend is shaky at best .
Unlike in Rwanda , the ethnic massacring is mutual in South Sudan . In one of the worst single incidents , at least 400 Dinka were slaughtered last month by Nuer attackers in Bentiu . Some were killed as they sought shelter in mosques and churches – and , in another terrible echo of Rwanda , local FM radio stations were used to incite local people to join the carnage . Nuer kill Dinka ; Dinka kill Nuer .
`` People came from a neighbouring village and told us you can not live around here any more , '' says a Nuer man in the Melut UN compound . `` They said that if we stayed we would be killed . A lot of people in my village were killed . God knows what will be the future for my children . Here , we are starving . ''
None of the men in the camp dares venture beyond the barbed wire fence . So it is the women who go out foraging for firewood . They know the risks . `` Every day we walk for five hours looking for wood , '' says one woman . `` It is very dangerous for us . Yesterday one woman did not return . Another one returned and cried for the whole day . Terrible things happen . ''
She refuses to say more . My translator explains that many women are raped when they leave the compound .
A UN human rights report published 10 days ago makes grim reading : `` All parties to the conflict have committed acts of rape and other forms of sexual violence against women of different ethnic groups … There are reasonable grounds to believe that violations of international human rights and humanitarian law have been committed by both parties . ''
After the Ethiopian famine of the 1980s , leaders of the world 's richest nations said it must never happen again . They said the same after the Rwandan genocide of 1994 . But in South Sudan , it is happening . Again .
• This article was amended on 23 May 2014 to remove an erroneous reference to `` refugee camps '' , introduced at the editing stage of this piece .
There 's a lot of crossover in the arts . From book illustration to film adaptation , artists of different mediums frequently inspire each other . Here are 29 songs whose writers found inspiration in 10 of the world 's greatest classic novels .
1984 by George Orwell
1 . “ 1984 ” – David Bowie
Someday they wo n't let you , but now you must agree/The times they are a-telling , and the changing is n't free/You 've read it in the tea leaves , the tracks are on TV/Beware the savage jaw of 1984
2 . “ Boot Stamping on a Human Face Forever ” – Bad Religion
With good books and looks on their side/And hearts burstin ' with national pride/They sang songs and went along for the ride/And the other side complied
3 . “ Welcome to 1984 ” – Anti-Flag
Hell yeah I 'm confused for sure what I thought was the New Millennium is 1984/Mr . Orwell from the grave , adding fresh ink to the page/As the unpresident declares an endless war/Welcome to 1984 !
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
4 . “ White Rabbit ” – Jefferson Airplane
And if you go chasing rabbits , and you know you 're going to fall/Tell 'em a hookah-smoking caterpillar has given you the call/And call Alice , when she was just small
5 . “ I am the Walrus ” – The Beatles
Man , you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe/I am the eggman , we are the eggmen , I am the walrus/Goo g'joob
6 . “ Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds ” – The Beatles
Picture yourself in a boat on a river/With tangerine trees and marmalade skies/Somebody calls you , you answer quite slowly/A girl with kaleidoscope eyes
Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
7 . “ Brave New World ” – Iron Maiden
Dragon kings dying queens , where is salvation now/Lost my life lost my dreams , rip the bones from my flesh/Silent screams laughing here , dying to tell you the truth/You are planned and you are damned in this brave new world
8 . “ Soma ” – Deadmau5
Soma is a hallucinatory drug used in the novel .
9 . “ Soma ” – The Strokes
Soma is what they would take when hard times opened their eyes/Saw pain in a new way , high stakes for a few names/Racing against sun beams , losing against their dreams/In your eyes
10 . “ Soma ” – Smashing Pumpkins
Close your eyes and sleep/Do n't wait up for me/Hush now do n't you speak to me
The Catcher in the Rye by J.D . Salinger
11 . “ Catcher in the Rye ” – Guns N ' Roses
The Catcher in the Rye again/Wo n't let ya get away from him/It 's just another day like today
12 . “ Who Wrote Holden Caulfield ? ” – Green Day
There 's a boy who fogs his world and now he 's getting lazy/There 's no motivation and frustration makes him crazy/He makes a plan to take a stand but always ends up sitting./Someone help him up or he 's gon na end up quitting
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley
13 . “ Frankenstein ” – Lenny Kravitz
But I need love/Sister , I need love/You say that I 'm your baby/But I feel like Frankenstein/I need love
14 . “ Walk This Way ” – Aerosmith
“ Walk This Way ” was more directly inspired by the movie Young Frankenstein .
See-saw swingin ' with the boys in the school/With your feet flyin ' up in the air/Singin ' hey diddle-diddle with the kitty in the middle/You be swingin ' like you just did n't care
15 . “ Feed My Frankenstein ” – Alice Cooper
Feed my Frankenstein/Meet my libido/ ” He 's a psycho ” /Feed my Frankenstein/Hungry for love , and it 's feeding time
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov
16 . “ Lolita ” – Lana del Rey
Quite a few of Lana del Rey 's are at least partly inspired by Lolita .
Hey Lolita , hey/Hey Lolita , hey/I know what the boys want , I 'm not gon na play/Hey Lolita , hey/Hey Lolita , hey/Whistle all you want but I 'm not gon na say
17 . “ Lolita ” – The Veronicas
I 'm your lolita , La Femme Nikita/When we 're together you 'll love me forever/You 're my possession , I 'm your obsession/Do n't tell me never , you 'll love me forever
18 . “ Gothic Lolita ” – Emilie Autumn
I 'm Gothic Lolita/And you are a criminal/I 'm not even legal
I 'm just a dead little girl/But ruffles and laces/And candy sweet faces/Directed your furtive hand/I perfectly understand/So it 's my fault ? /No , Gothic Lolita
19 . “ Do n't Stand So Close to Me ” – The Police
It 's no use , he sees her/He starts to shake and cough/Just like the old man in/That book by Nabokov
Lord of the Flies by William Golding
20 . “ Lord of the Flies ” – Iron Maiden
Saints and sinners /Something within us /We are lord of flies
21 . “ Shadows and Tall Trees ” – U2
“ Shadows and Tall Trees ” is named for a chapter title in Lord of the Flies .
Back to the cold restless streets at night/I talk to myself about tomorrow night/Walls of white protest/A gravestone in name
The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R . Tolkien
22 . “ The Battle of Evermore ” – Led Zeppelin
Oh , dance in the dark of night/Sing to the morning light/The dark Lord rides in force tonight/And time will tell us all
23 . “ Ramble On ” – Led Zeppelin
Mine 's a tale that ca n't be told/My freedom I hold dear/How years ago in days of old/When magic filled the air/This was in the darkest depths of Mordor/I met a girl so fair/But Gollum , and the evil one crept up/And slipped away with her
24 . “ Rivendell ” – Rush
Elfin songs and endless nights/Sweet wine and soft relaxing lights/Time will never touch you/Here in this enchanted place
25 . “ Nimrodel – The Procession – The White Rider ” – Camel
When he rides , my fears subside/For darkness turns once more to light/Through the skies , his white horse flies/To find a land beyond the night
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe
26 . “ Act Won ( Things Fall Apart ) ” – The Roots
It makes no sense , it incenses me that our own people/Do n't realize our own heritage , our own culture/This is our music
27 . “ 8 Minutes to Sunrise ” – Jill Scott feat . Common
It was once said by Black Thought that “ Things fall apart ” /Knew I should n't have been messin ' with dude 's girl from start/But I pimp from the heart ; the art of it made it interesting'/Plus me and sister blend before we got intimate
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde
28 . “ H.W.C. ” – Liz Phair
Face it , one of these days/Without you I 'm just another Dorian Gray/It 's the fountain of youth , it 's the meaning of life/So hot , so sweet , so whet my appetite
29 . “ The Ocean ” – U2
A picture in grey/Dorian Gray/Just me by the sea
For more book/music crossovers , check out “ 20 Amazing Songs & Soundtracks from Movies Based on Books ” + “ 10 More Soundtracks & Scores from Movies Based on Books . ”
Sign up to receive Check Your Shelf , the Librarian 's One-Stop Shop For News , Book Lists , And More . Thank you for signing up ! Keep an eye on your inbox .
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service
3 YouTube Channels To Watch For Your Gun Dog by Stefano Marrone
When my wife and I bought our German short-haired , “ Pepper “ , she actually was n't even born yet . We had basically bought the right of first choice to one of the pups in the litter . That did n't stop me from starting my research in how to train a hunting dog . I 'll have more posts on this , actually an entire section , posting what I 've learned , how I am progressing with my GSP Pepper , plus plenty of videos to go along with it.To start , you 'll need a good basic training . When you have a gun dog with this much energy , you 'll need to have her basic commands down packed before you can start any hunting drills . Zak George 's Dog Training Revolution ( Willow Creek Kennels ( Green Acres Sportsman 's Club (
In the past decade , artificial intelligence has made enormous leaps , molding our autonomous future that did n't seem possible just a few years ago . Autonomous vehicles from Uber and Tesla seem poised to revolutionize transportation , service robots are replacing store clerks , and nearly every American has a personal assistant right in their pocket .
With these advances come sizable disadvantages for the economy , a matter that a Senate committee addressed on Wednesday .
“ There 's another part about A.I. , and that is the replacement of jobs and we 've got to prepare for that , ” said Senator Bill Nelson , a Democrat from Florida , at a subcommittee hearing on the future of A.I . “ In an interview with CNBC , [ Tesla founder Elon Musk ] predicted — predicted ! — robots could eventually take over many jobs away from folks so that they would have to depend on the government in order to have a living . ”
“ If a whole occupation is suddenly displaced , what do we do ? ”
It was Nelson 's question that was at the top of the agenda of the “ The Dawn of Artificial Intelligence , ” a hearing held by the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Space , Science , and Competitiveness on Wednesday . While the White House has demonstrated an increasing interest in A.I. , starting with its Frontiers Conference in October , this was the first hearing by a Congressional Committee on the matter .
“ We have to think critically about the steps we can take today , and in the years to come , to make sure American workers are not left behind , ” said Senator Gary Peters , a Michigan Democrat .
Robots handle parts for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles at the FCA Sterling Stamping Plant August in Sterling Heights , Michigan .
In that interview mentioned by Nelson , Tesla CEO Elon Musk described how the introduction of self-driving semi-trucks by Tesla could eliminate jobs for humans in the trucking industry . And while Nelson emphasized that Musk 's claim was a prediction , it 's rooted in hard numbers . According to The Los Angeles Times , 1.7 million Americans who have trucking jobs could be looking for work when autonomous trucks are put into use . In fact , it 's estimated that by 2020 at least five million American jobs will be replaced by automation .
“ We urgently need to prioritize the training and retraining of the U.S. workforce so skills are in line with our needs , ” said Dr. Eric Horvitz , Managing Director at the Microsoft Research Lab in his testimony before the committee .
Horvitz is also the interim co-chair of the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society , a collaboration formed this year by technology companies over the ethical questions inherent in A.I .
Despite the looming threat of runaway A.I. , the growing technology also presents an opportunity to create a number of new jobs .
A robot assembles Washing Machines at the BSH Bosch Siemens Hausgeraetewerk Nauen consumer appliances factory , the world 's third-largest appliance maker , in Nauen , Germany .
“ I think it 's interesting we 're all so concerned about there being jobs available and there 's such a gap [ in artificial intelligence training ] , ” said Dr. Andrew Moore , Dean of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University .
But if the election proved anything , it 's that there 's a strong sentiment amongst those most likely to be out of a job against completely abandoning traditional industry . As outlined in a White House report released in October , automation is likely to have a disproportionate effect on lower-wage earners and runs the risk of creating a greater wage gap between classes .
“ We just came through an election where the loss of jobs was a big topic and maybe truck drivers do n't want to be trained to work on a computer so what are we going to do for the future ? ” Nelson asked .
What About Basic Income ?
One option , as Elon Musk has suggested , is that new levels of automation give way to a universal basic income .
And based on the preliminary hearing , the idea is n't so crazy , at least economically speaking .
“ Artificial intelligence also has the potential to contribute to economic growth in both the near- and long-term , ” said subcommittee chairman and Texas Senator Ted Cruz , citing an Accenture report that states artificial intelligence is poised to double economic growth by 2035 .
While job creation dominated the hearing , expert testimonies also addressed an increased need for privacy security , beating out competing countries like China and Russia in development , and working with the private sector to continue to answer questions of ethics and regulation for the rapidly developing technology .
Why is it that children 's menus at restaurants in our country seem to offer almost exclusively unhealthy food for our children ? And public school cafeterias are among the worst , serving high-fat , high-sodium , high-sugar , low-fiber menus . It is no wonder childhood obesity has more than doubled in the past 30 years .
( c ) 2014 , little BLUEPRINT , illustration Jessica Churchill
As parents , we need to help our children become healthy eaters , starting at a young age . But in order to do that , we 've got to make them an active part of the process . We need to empower our children to develop their own plan to become healthy eaters , teaching lifelong skills rather than merely forcing upon them some healthy food on occasion . It is a prime opportunity to help children develop through practice the critical skills necessary to create meaningful plans for any situation they encounter in life , and acquire long-term healthy eating habits in the process .
The ability to plan meaningfully and intentionally -- the executive function skill that occurs in the pre-frontal cortex of the brain -- can be strengthened with practice . To plan requires focus , analysis , decision-making , and self control . Children can not be effective learners without these skills . It is therefore not surprising that executive function skills , and not IQ scores , are increasingly considered the best predictor of success . Yet opportunities to practice these skills are too often overlooked at school and at home .
Nutrition is such a great area for children to practice planning . It not only helps children become healthy eaters beyond the childhood years , but it strengthens these high-level cognitive skills as they are developing . Children become cooperative problem-solvers rather than opponents of parents . They feel a sense of ownership and control over an area of their life . They develop grit by persevering to achieve a goal that is not easy to accomplish . They learn how to become learners .
How exactly does this work ? By deconstructing effective decision making in the area of nutrition , we can help our children practice their emerging executive function skills . In essence , we can teach our children to L.E.A.D . the way to becoming lifelong healthy eaters by practicing four steps that integrate key systems of the brain :
1 . Logic : learn facts about nutrition
Children need to learn facts about nutrition starting at a young age . In To Be a Healthy Eater , I have a Plan , I teach children facts , including : ( 1 ) food groups , ( 2 ) the dangers of sugar and how to look for added sugar on food labels , ( 3 ) the importance of being active , ( 4 ) what makes whole grains healthier , and ( 5 ) research demonstrating that you can change your taste to like more healthy foods by consistently trying food for fourteen days in a row . There are so many useful facts children can learn about nutrition . Talk about them , read them aloud , teach them to children .
2 . Emotions : explore how food makes us feel
There are emotions attached to eating for all of us , and making children aware of this at a young age will help ensure that feelings do not dictate eating habits . Do we eat to satisfy hunger or to deal with how we are feeling ? And how do we actually feel when we eat a lot of food that is bad for our body ? Being mindful of the emotions attached to any situation is an important step to self-awareness and self-control .
3 . Analysis : analyze suggestions for healthy eating
There are so many fun suggestions for kids to choose from when developing their own plans , and each suggestion teaches social and intellectual skills along the way . Among the ones I teach children to consider as part of their little blueprint for healthy eating are :
• Keep a journal of foods you eat , markets you visit , and recipes you try ;
• Take the Taste 14 Challenge by trying a small bite of a healthy food you do n't like for fourteen days in a row ;
• Read food labels , cut them out and circle the added sugar and chemicals ;
• Eat more whole foods and less processed foods -- plant a garden ;
• Be a smart snacker and discriminating dessert eater by eating healthy treats with less sugar and more vitamins and minerals ; and
• Be active : jump rope , dance , play a sport .
The possibilities are endless , and once children are exposed to suggestions , they are open to coming up with their own .
4 . Decision-making : decide on your own plan for becoming a healthy eater
This key step is where children integrate the key systems of the brain , using their logic and emotions to analyze and decide on their own plan . By practicing creating their own plans , children are now actively part of the process : they are reviewing what they have learned , they are becoming aware of the emotions of themselves and others , they are analyzing suggestions , and they are drawing or writing down their ideas . And amazingly , with our assistance , children can practice all of these skills starting at age three all the way through adulthood .
( c ) 2014 , little BLUEPRINT , illustration by Jessica Churchill
Now , when I go to a restaurant with my children and the kids ' menu is offering essentially junk food , I challenge my children to look at the adult menu with me and think about a meal that is delicious and healthier that perhaps could be shared . I do not dictate their choice or limit them to choices that are unhealthy simply because they are on the kids ' menu . They are learning to think critically and eat healthy . And to me , that 's the best recipe for success .
Endnotes :
[ 1 ] Carroll MD , Kit BK , Flegal KM . Prevalence of childhood and adult obesity in the United States , 2011-2012 . Journal of the American Medical Association 2014 ; 311 ( 8 ) :806-814 .
[ 2 ] Dawson and Guere , `` Executive Skills in Children and Adolescents : A Practical Guide to Assessment and Intervention , '' at vii ( 2010 ) .
[ 3 ] Sadeh Ss et al. , `` Examining an executive function rating scale as a predictor of achievement in children at risk for behavior problems , '' Sch Psychol Q , ( Dec. 2012 ) .
[ 5 ] It is inspiring to see plans/blueprints created by children , and to watch children learn from their peers as they create their next plan . https : //www.littleblueprint.com/submitblueprintlist
Ford Motor Company has recorded its sixth straight quarter of profits and expects to have its net debt down to zero by the end of 2011 . Ford was the only domestic auto manufacturer to avoid bankruptcy or take a bailout from the federal government . Notably , Ford 's North American operations are also profitable . According to the New York Times :
“ Ford earned $ 1.6 billion in North America in the quarter , compared with $ 314 million in the period a year ago . Automotive operations lost $ 196 million in Europe but were profitable in other regions .
“ Revenue declined $ 1.3 billion to $ 29 billion , reflecting the sale earlier this year of the company 's Swedish brand , Volvo . Excluding Volvo , now owned by the Chinese carmaker Geely , third-quarter revenue was up $ 1.7 billion .
“ Ford executives said all of the company 's business units would be profitable in the fourth quarter and in 2011 .
“ Ford said it paid off $ 2 billion in debt in September and that it planned to pay its remaining obligation to the United Automobile Workers union 's retiree health care trust — $ 3.6 billion — on Friday , in cash . Ford had not been required to satisfy its debt to the union trust until 2022 . ”
Notably , one of the reasons for bailing out both GM and Chrysler was to avoid bankruptcy . Of course , those companies went through the bankruptcy process anyway , using the courts to do the hard work that Ford accomplished through hard-nosed corporate leadership , product improvements , and strategic management .
We 've blogged a lot on Ford 's progress before , but previous posts on Ford 's success during the recession can be found here , here , and here .
Sex Reassignment Surgery
Ontario is expanding access to referrals for medically necessary sex reassignment surgery ( also known as gender confirming surgery ) . As of March 1 , 2016 , the Ontario Health Insurance Plan ( OHIP ) has changed the funding criteria for sex reassignment surgery by allowing qualified providers throughout the province to assess patients for the surgery .
The amended OHIP criteria for sex reassignment surgery align with the internationally-accepted standards of care for gender dysphoria , which are established by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health ( WPATH ) . Gender dysphoria is the medical term that WPATH describes as referring to discomfort or distress that is caused by a difference between a person 's gender identity and their sex assigned at birth ( and the associated gender role and/or primary and secondary sex characteristics ) .
Prior approval for OHIP -funded surgery
Sex reassignment surgery is only insured when prior approval has been obtained from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care .
A physician or nurse practitioner needs to submit a prior approval form on behalf of their patient , which includes supporting assessments recommending surgery from specified qualified health care providers confirming that the OHIP funding criteria have been met .
Recommendations for the surgery
For chest surgery , a patient will need one supporting assessment recommending surgery from a qualified physician or nurse practitioner who has the appropriate training .
For genital surgery , a patient will need two supporting assessments recommending surgery from qualified physicians , nurse practitioners , registered nurses , psychologists or registered social workers who have the appropriate training with the following restrictions :
At least one of these assessments must be from a physician or nurse practitioner .
A registered social worker refers to a social worker that has a master 's degree in social work and holds a current certificate of registration from the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers .
Health care providers recommending surgery must have training in the assessment , diagnosis and treatment of gender dysphoria in accordance with the WPATH Standards of Care that are in place at the time of the recommendation .
The specific requirements for OHIP -insured sex reassignment surgery are listed in Appendix D of the Schedule of Benefits for Physician Services .
Location of the surgery
This prior approval form will also need to include details about the proposed hospital or health facility where the surgery will take place . Currently , there is only one site in Canada that performs genital sex reassignment surgery .
If a patient is requesting that their surgery take place in Ontario or in another province , the prior approval form may be completed by the attending Ontario physician or nurse practitioner . If a patient is requesting that their surgery take place out-of-country , part of this form must be completed by an Ontario physician only .
Confirmation of approval
Patients will be notified about the outcome of their application by the health care provider who submitted the prior approval form . Applicants must receive written confirmation of funding approval before any surgical procedures or services take place .
If a patient receives any surgical procedures without prior approval , these services are not insured under OHIP and will not be reimbursed . Even if the patient later provides supporting documentation that shows they met the requirements for sex reassignment funding , the patient will not be reimbursed .
OHIP insured surgical procedures
The OHIP -insured surgical procedures related to sex reassignment are listed in the Schedule of Benefits for Physician Services .
Procedures that OHIP covers include :
Reproductive and external genital surgery , including clitoral release , glansplasty , metoidioplasty , penectomy , penile implant , phalloplasty , scrotoplasty , testicular implants , urethroplasty , vaginectomy , vaginoplasty , salpingo-oophorectomy , hysterectomy , orchidectomy
Mastectomy
Augmentation mammoplasty for the purpose of sex reassignment surgery is also insured for individuals with no breast enlargement following 12 continuous months of hormone therapy
When prior approval from the ministry has been received , OHIP -insured mastectomy procedures include the removal of breast tissue and reconstruction , including removal of excess skin , reduction and proper positioning of the nipple and areola , and minimization of chest wall scars .
Sex reassignment surgical procedures that are not listed in the Schedule of Benefits for Physician Services are not covered by OHIP .
Post-surgery complications
Additional surgery that is required because of complications causing significant physical symptoms or functional impairment is insured when prior authorization has been obtained from the ministry .
The prior authorization request must be made by the surgeon proposing the surgery .
Age requirements
There is no minimum age requirement for sex reassignment surgery that must be met for OHIP to approve funding . The responsibility for determining whether a patient is capable of consenting to treatment is that of the treating provider .
More information
Primary care providers can seek assistance about health care for transgendered people from Rainbow Health Ontario , the Sherbourne Health Centre , the Centre for Addictions and Mental Health , and other community health centres .
Trans/Women Group Shuts Downtown Seattle Street Calling for Justice for Immigrants in Detention
from Trans and/or Women 's Action Camp
Seattle , WA- Trans and/or Women 's Action Camp ( TWAC ) in solidarity with NWDC Resistance and the Not1More movement to end detentions and deportations , held a civil disobedience action to bring attention to ICE presence in downtown Seattle .
TWAC called attention to ICE , located on 1000 Second Ave where they are headquartered and have a large presence , and their local quota guarantees a minimum of 1,100 bed to be filled at the immigration jail in Tacoma ( Northwest Detention Center ) operated by Geo Group corporation.This quota is built into the contract between ICE Seattle and Geo , and motivates the agency to round up immigrants in the area . The contract fuels the recent anti-immigrant politics in Congress that exposes the real intentions of Republicans and Democrats who both introduce and pass bills to scapegoat immigrants and exploit family tragedies .
Both parties are guilty of criminalizing immigrants while sustaining the detention and deportation system ; one of the most corrupt institutions in the country .
“ TWAC is standing in solidarity with the work that the NWDC Resistance is doing . We are locking down against the unwarranted racial profiling of immigrants and specifically the unfair treatment of trans detainees .
TWAC is strongly opposed to trans people in detention centers being placed in “ medical observation ” which is GEO and ICE 's code for solitary confinement . TWAC is against this dehumanizing policy and supports the abolition of all detention centers and prisons ” said from TWAC Katie Rickman .
“ Trans Queer people and immigrants alike are victims of criminalization , imprisonment and deportation . We all work together to end the detention and prison industrial complex and we are ready to continue shedding light on Geo and ICE 's collaboration . Our actions will continue , our fight wo n't end until everyone is free ” said Maru Mora Villalpando from NWDC Resistance .
For pictures and video please visit www.notonemoredeportation.com and NWDC Resistance Facebook page .
Share this : Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Untitled a guest May 29th , 2014 1,718 Never a guest1,718Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 0.98 KB There has been a bug on Bitfinex for months that allows making naked margin trades ( ZERO swap payments since you do n't need to borrow anything ! ) and opening limit orders that are impossible to fill - they just vanish if someone tries to trade into them . Incidentally , lenders , this is likely why you have been getting stiffed recently . Want to know how ? It 's simple ! Just open the margin trading tab , hit the blue `` margin available '' button , then set the maximum margin rate to something impossibly low - maybe 0.01 % . Now you can trade without any of those annoying swap payments . If you want to open fake limit orders that can not fill , uncheck `` include variable rates ? '' and you 're in business . Have fun , and remember that Bitfinex is a terribly buggy site based on code stolen from Zhou Tong 's Bitcoinica . If you do n't want to lose all your money to the inevitable Rails vulnerabilities that are known mainly for affecting blogs , I suggest moving to a more reliable exchange such as Kraken .
RAW Paste Data
There has been a bug on Bitfinex for months that allows making naked margin trades ( ZERO swap payments since you do n't need to borrow anything ! ) and opening limit orders that are impossible to fill - they just vanish if someone tries to trade into them . Incidentally , lenders , this is likely why you have been getting stiffed recently . Want to know how ? It 's simple ! Just open the margin trading tab , hit the blue `` margin available '' button , then set the maximum margin rate to something impossibly low - maybe 0.01 % . Now you can trade without any of those annoying swap payments . If you want to open fake limit orders that can not fill , uncheck `` include variable rates ? '' and you 're in business . Have fun , and remember that Bitfinex is a terribly buggy site based on code stolen from Zhou Tong 's Bitcoinica . If you do n't want to lose all your money to the inevitable Rails vulnerabilities that are known mainly for affecting blogs , I suggest moving to a more reliable exchange such as Kraken .
All other beverages consume huge amounts of water and energy during their production processes , which makes their ecological impact far more detrimental than that of bottled water . Like bottled water , most of them are distributed in bottles and cans , too . ( Illustration : plan59 )
Bottled water is under attack from environmentalists who preach that tap water has a similar quality and saves a lot of energy since it does not need to be transported by trucks . That might be true , but bottled water is not our biggest problem when it comes to drinking habits .
Drinking bottled water is a much more ecological choice than consuming soft drinks , coffee , fruit juice or beer . Water drinkers should be praised instead of criticized .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
The new smokers
Bottled water has become one of the most powerful symbols of unsustainable practices . Giles Coren , an English food journalist , has coined bottled water drinkers “ the new smokers ” .
These fierce criticisms are understandable . After all , most western countries have good quality tap water , which makes bottled water ( often from the same water sources ) a bit of an absurdity . But , denouncing bottled water misses the point .
Indeed , trucking around tap water in plastic bottles creates unnecessary energy use and waste . However , so does trucking around Coca-Cola , Stella Artois and Chivas Regal . It is unfair to solely blame water even though it also happens to be distributed via pipes .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
`` Switching from other beverages to bottled water would yield much more environmental profit than switching from bottled water to tap water ''
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
More importantly , all other beverages use vast amounts of water and energy to produce , while water - even bottled water - does not . It takes water to grow crops , and it takes energy to fertilize , harvest and transport them .
Breweries use water and energy too . It takes 35 litres of water to produce one cup of tea , and 140 litres of water to produce one cup of coffee . When you add sugar in your coffee or tea , it gets even worse : every teaspoonful of sugar requires 50 cups of water to grow .
A glass of beer takes 75 litres of water to produce , while just one glass of wine asks 120 litres of water . One glass of fruit juice or milk requires 170 to 200 litres of water . A glass of brandy asks 2,400 litres of water ( all numbers taken from these sources ) .
Tea and coffee
Producing one litre of bottled water simply requires a litre of water , and no energy . Yes , producing and distributing the water bottles does use water and energy , but the same goes for other beverages .
This means that bottled water is a more ecological choice than all other bottled options : beer , wine , milk , fruit juice or soft drinks . Most likely , drinking bottled water is an even better choice than drinking coffee or tea made with tap water - coffee and tea might weigh less than water , but they are transported over much larger distances .
The only undisputable better choice than bottled water is tap water . Forcing bottled water drinkers to drink tap water would help the environment – but switching from other beverages ( none of them essential to human health ) to bottled water would yield much more environmental profit .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
`` It is unfair to solely blame water even though it also happens to be distributed via pipes ''
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Environmental groups always have something to say about the huge ( and growing ) amounts of bottled water that are being sold , and the huge amount of energy that is needed to transport them . These figures might be accurate , but bottled water holds only a small share of the market for bottled drinks .
The energy needed to transport soft drinks and beer is far more impressive . The main problem here is not bottled water . The main problem is that most people do n't drink water , but prefer soft drinks , fruit juice , coffee , beer or energy drinks instead .
This message , however , is not so popular because most of us like to discuss the environmental problems of this planet over a couple of beers , or wines , or coffees .
Pariahs
Do n't get me wrong . This is not a plea for everyone to start drinking bottled water instead of tap water . Drinking tap water should be encouraged . But people who prefer to drink bottled water should not be treated as pariahs , because they are making a much more ecological choice than those of us who choose to consume other beverages .
© Kris De Decker ( edited by Shameez Joubert )
Comments ( 29 )
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
More :
12 small windmills put to the test : size matters
Carbon sequestration : bury the idea , not the CO2
Is ecotech the new asbestos ?
Why the electric car has no ( wireless ) future
Leave the algae alone - second generation biofuels are set to make things worse
Cars on hot air : following the hype on hydrogen - meet the car on compressed air
Planes on wheels : how eco-friendly is a high speed train ?
Water eats energy : if we fail to reduce ( virtual ) water use , we may safely double predictions on future energy consumption
Subscribe via email or feed . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Red Eye on Demand/Smithsonian
With just 2 percent of the Smithsonian 's archive of 137 million items available to the public at any one time , an effort is under way at the world 's largest museum and research institution to adopt 3D tools to expand its reach around the country .
CNET has learned that the Smithsonian has a new initiative to create a series of 3D-printed models , exhibits , and scientific replicas -- as well as to generate a new digital archive of 3D models of many of the physical objects in its collection .
Representative of that effort , the museum is touting the 3D printed replica of a Thomas Jefferson statue that it recently installed for the `` Slavery at Jefferson 's Monticello : Paradox of Liberty '' exhibit at the National Museum of African American History and Culture . According to the museum , this is the `` largest 3D printed museum quality historical replica '' on Earth and is a copy of a statue on display at Monticello , the Thomas Jefferson museum in Virginia .
According to Adam Metallo , a 3D digitization coordinator at the Smithsonian , the team working on the Jefferson replica project decided that rather than use a traditional method involving rubber molding and casting , they would utilize modern technologies . Taking a Minolta laser scanner worth well up to $ 100,000 along , they contracted with Studio EIS to generate an intricately detailed 3D model of the statue that was then turned into the 3D printed replica by RedEye on Demand .
Now , with that high-end scanner , as well as less expensive tools that include normal digital cameras and freely available cloud-based digitization software , Metallo and his fellow 3D digitization coordinator Vince Rossi are slowly setting out to begin building a new Smithsonian digital archive . They hope this initiative will eventually lead to scores of 3D printed exhibits , as well as countless 3D models that could theoretically be used in the museums , in schools , or just about anywhere people have an interest in the Smithsonian 's vast physical holdings .
The only problem ? They need more companies that , like RedEye On Demand , have the resources to help bring the efforts to fruition .
Two people , 137 million objects
Metallo and Rossi 's goal is clear : they want to build a large collection of 3D scanned objects and archaeological sites that can support the entire Smithsonian complex . They 've got technology on their side -- with minimally invasive laser scanners they can capture the geometry of just about any object or site with accuracy down to the micron level .
But their resources are few , and the two told CNET that they have to be smart about the projects they choose to digitize . They have to know that their work is going to tell a story in a new way or give researchers new tools in order to justify spending the time it takes to do the work .
Still , their goal is noble . They 're creating what Rossi called a `` digital surrogate , '' a `` new form of museum collection '' that could mean a wealth of information that could be available to anyone with a computer , or at the very least , to a wide variety of museums , schools , and other interested institutions .
At the same time , they face one of the key problems of digital archiving : ensuring that the data they create today will still be usable decades from now . That 's because Rossi explained , software tools that are in use today may be obsolete down the road .
Still , he said , it 's also true that 3D models are really just large sets of geometry captured in millions of points , data that is stored in long text files . So as long as they 're thoughtful about how they do it , recovering the data should n't be a problem in the future .
But for now , it 's just the two of them leading this process , and Metallo said that they 're able to tackle just a few dozen projects a year . Some will end up as 3D printouts like the Jefferson model , while others will live on as digital 3D models . `` We 're trying to assess how to scale that up , '' Metallo said , `` how to make digital ( models publicly ) available . ''
Ultimately , the Smithsonian is exactly the right institution to undertake this project , given the scope of its collections . All told , Metallo said , there are 137 million objects in the various collections , and only 2 percent of that is available for viewing to the people who make their way to Washington , D.C. and one of the organization 's many museums .
But what about those who ca n't get to the nation 's capital ? `` If we could leverage the power of 3D to bring a portion of that collection to the world , '' Metallo said , `` that would be incredibly powerful , and definitely worth the expense . ''
The bodies of a man and a woman have been found on Cardiff 's main shopping street .
Police are investigating whether they were stabbed .
Emergency services were called to Queen Street in the city centre just before 6am this morning , where the bodies of a 33-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman were found .
Police said a 20-year-old man was arrested at an address in Castleton , between Cardiff and Newport and they are not looking for anyone else in connection with this incident at this time .
A large part of the street was closed until just before 1pm as crime scene investigations took place .
A statement from South Wales Police said : `` South Wales Police is investigating the deaths of a man and woman , following the discovery of two bodies in Queen Street Cardiff . Emergency Services attended the scene at approximately 5.50am on 28 September 2016 .
`` A man has been arrested and is currently in police custody and police are not looking for anyone else in connection with this incident at this time . Further information will be released when available and appropriate . ''
Roy Choi | BlackBerry OnePlus Mobile Madness 2015 Mobile Technology News & Reviews Comparisons Gallery Poll by After rounds of match ups pitting flagship devices against each other we are just days away from crowning this year 's Mobile Madness winner . The finalists are the BlackBerry Passport and the OnePlus One . The BlackBerry Passport beat the Motorola Droid Turbo , Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and HTC One M9 to reach this final round . While the OnePlus One fended off the Apple iPhone 6 , Samsung Galaxy S6 , and BlackBerry Classic to claim a finalist spot . Who will win ? Both the BlackBerry Passport and OnePlus One are unconventional flagships . The Passport sports a square but work-friendly form factor and the OnePlus One claims the title of “ The Flagship Killer ” and does not even have the support of a traditional distribution channel ( i.e. , carriers and in-store availability ) . So who will it be readers ? The BlackBerry Passport or the OnePlus One ? You decide ! BlackBerry Passport
gallery 1 27 Advertisement
BlackBerry returned to its more premium roots . The BlackBerry Passport has a bizarre design , though it 's one that I am fascinated with , and offers a three-row QWERTY keyboard , a super sharp display and a metal frame . It feels solid and looks admittedly corporate , which is fine for a device targeted at the enterprise , but how does it function ? I 've been using the BlackBerry Passport for the past couple of weeks and am ready to share my opinions… read more . OnePlus One
gallery 1 118 Advertisement
More than 6,000 police officers are assaulted every day , it has emerged , as new figures indicate the extent of the violence they face .
Estimates from the Home Office previously suggested the 124,000 police officers in England and Wales faced around 23,000 attacks each year .
But in the first major survey of its kind , the Police Federation of England and Wales discovered that the true figure is around 2.4 million , more than 100 times more .
The figure means a police officer is attacked somewhere in the country every 13 seconds .
It also suggests that the average officer is assaulted 19 times a year .
Just over two million of the incidents were unarmed assaults , including kicks , punches and slaps , but more than 300,000 involved attacks with deadly weapons , some of which left officers with life-changing injuries .
The Home Office is working with the Police Federation to verify the figures .
More than 40,000 policemen and women reported having received injuries as a result of being assaulted in the line of duty , almost double the figure the Home Office had for the total number of assaults .
Specific sales of Apple Watch have been a mystery since the device 's launch back in April , with several analysts offering up their own respective estimates on numbers . Now , Taiwan 's Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. has hinted at sales of the device . ASE , for those unfamiliar , is responsible for putting all of the internal parts of Apple Watch into a case through a process known as system-in-package ( via WSJ ) . The company , however , claims that Apple Watch sales are not as high as expected…
Sylvania HomeKit Light Strip
Mark Li , a Bernstein Research analyst , said recently that an ASE subsidiary told investors that the company did not hit its “ break-even volume ” of two million Apple Watch units per month in the second quarter of 2015 . Furthermore , ASE does not expect to reach the two million per month number during the third quarter either , which is unusual seeing that it 's the quarter leading up to the popular holiday shopping season .
ASE now expects that it wo n't hit its target of shipping 18 million units in 2015 . Earlier this month during Apple 's earnings call , Tim Cook hinted that Apple Watch revenue was higher than $ 1 billion , which would lead to sales higher than 3 million units for the quarter .
“ The shortfall of Apple Watch is a disappointment , ” Mr. Li wrote in a note to clients . “ We came in with a low expectation but below break-even still surprised us . ”
It 's interesting to hear Apple and Tim Cook repeatedly claim that Apple Watch was beating expectations during its first full quarter of availability , with ASE claiming that sales have been less than expected . With Apple claiming it does n't want to report specific sales numbers for competitive reasons , it 's unlikely that we 'll get any confirmation anytime soon .
Coming Soon
Tales of the City
Middle-aged Mary Ann returns to San Francisco and the eccentric friends she left behind . Based on Armistead Maupin 's books and starring Laura Linney .
Virgin River
After seeing an ad for a midwife , a recently divorced big-city nurse moves to the redwood forests of California , where she meets an intriguing man .
THE STRANGER
Secrets , violence and a conspiracy send family man Adam Price on a desperate quest to uncover the truth about the people closest to him .
Wonderland
Just out of prison and investigating a twisted murder , Spenser is sucked back into Boston 's underbelly . Based on the popular books ; Mark Wahlberg stars .
Ingress : The Animation
After scientists discover a mysterious substance that can influence human minds , two factions wage an all-out battle to control its awesome power .
Spectros
A teenage boy and his friends get caught in a clash between Brazilian witchcraft and Japanese Shinto spirits in their neighborhood .
Family Reunion
Tiffany Haddish Stand Up Special
Tiffany Haddish brings her brash , barrier-breaking brand of comedy to Netflix with an exclusive one-hour stand-up special .
The Food Chemicals Codex ( FCC ) is a collection of internationally recognized standards for the purity and identity of food ingredients . It features roughly 1,200 monographs , including food-grade chemicals , processing aids , foods ( such as vegetable oils , fructose , whey , and amino acids ) , flavoring agents , vitamins , and functional food ingredients ( such as lycopene , olestra , and short chain fructooligosaccharides ) . The FCC also contains ingredients , such as sucrose and essential oils , that are not frequently found in other food additive standards resources . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
The FCC has been published since 1966 . It provides essential criteria and analytical methods to authenticate and determine the quality of food ingredients . FCC standards are used as agreed standards between suppliers and manufacturers in ongoing purchasing and supply decisions and transactions . The United States Pharmacopoeial Convention acquired the FCC in 2006 . The FCC is published every two years in print and online formats and is offered as a subscription that includes a main edition and intervening Supplements . [ 1 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
The FCC has two primary sections : monographs and appendices . Monographs are listed alphabetically and typically cover a single ingredient . Monographs , where applicable , provide information about each ingredient , such as : [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
There are also several `` family '' monographs , which cover substance groups . These include `` Enzyme Preparations , '' `` Food Starch , '' and `` Spice Oleoresins . '' Additionally , specifications are included , consisting of a series of tests , procedures for the tests , and acceptance criteria . Monographs may also detail USP Reference Standards and/or other materials needed for test performance . The FCC 's appendices contain step-by-step guidance for general physical and chemical tests , and apparatus use , as well as generally useful information , such as food ingredient Good Manufacturing Practices . [ 1 ]
Applications [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Nain Singh Rawat ( 21 October 1830 – 1 February 1882 ) , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] was one of the first of the late 19th century Indian explorers ( pundits ) who explored the Himalayas for the British . He hailed from the Johar Valley of Kumaon . He surveyed the trade route through Nepal [ citation needed ] to Tibet , determined for the first time the location [ 3 ] and altitude of Lhasa , and surveyed a large section of the Brahmaputra . He walked `` 1,580 miles , or 3,160,000 paces , each counted . `` [ 3 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Rai Bahadur Nain Singh Rawat was born to Lata Burha in 1830 in Milam village , a Bhotia village in the valley of Johar , Uttarakhand , India at the foot of the Milam glacier where the river Goriganga originates . The Rawats ruled over the Johar valley , during the reign of Chand dynasty in Kumaon ; this was followed by the Gorkha rule . In 1816 the British defeated the Gorkhas but maintained a policy of non-interference and friendship towards the Johar Bhotias . The famous Bhotia explorers mostly belong to the village of Johar .
After leaving school , Nain Singh helped his father . He visited different centres in Tibet with him , learned the Tibetan language , customs and manners and became familiar with the Tibetan people . This knowledge of Tibetan language and local customs and protocol came in handy in Nain Singh 's work as a `` spy explorer '' . Due to the extreme cold conditions , Milam and other villages of the upper Johar valley are inhabited only for a few months from June to October . During this time the men used to visit Gya'nyima , Gartok and other markets in Western Tibet .
Legacy [ edit ]
On 27 June 2004 , an Indian postage stamp featuring Nain Singh [ 4 ] was issued commemorating his role in the Great Trigonometric Survey . In 2006 , Shekhar Pathak and Uma Bhatt brought out a biography of Nain Singh with three of his diaries and the RGS articles about his travels in three volumes titled Asia ki Peeth Par published by Pahar , Naini Tal .
On 21 October 2017 , Google celebrated Nain Singh Rawat 's 187th birthday with a Google Doodle . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Fabio Capello did not only supervise the most unlikely of victories over the world champions at Wembley , he did so without regulars such as Wayne Rooney and John Terry , and by giving match time to inexperienced newcomers in Jack Rodwell , Danny Welbeck and Phil Jones .
Jones started the game in midfield , Rodwell and Welbeck came on in the second half and impressed so much that their manager claimed their emergence at international level was more important than the scoreline .
`` Rodwell , Jones and Welbeck are really , really good players , '' Capello said . `` I always had confidence in them , but today they showed what they can do . They played without fear and I think all three will be important players for England in the European Championship in summer . ''
First there is another Wembley friendly against Sweden on Tuesday , for which Capello , who was sporting a floral buttonhole in honour of the family wedding he missed in Italy , has already promised to ring the changes . `` Terry will play against Sweden , '' he said . `` So will Gary Cahill , Kyle Walker , Daniel Sturridge and Bobby Zamora . ''
Terry was always likely to be restored to the starting lineup and the captaincy at the earliest opportunity , although Capello was at pains to emphasise that his rotation of resources was no reflection on the performances of Phil Jagielka and Joleon Lescott against Spain . `` My two centre-halves were fantastic , '' the Italian said , after both had featured prominently in a deep rearguard action that lasted for most of the final half hour . `` They played with a lot of confidence and prevented Spain passing their way through the middle . Scott Parker also showed what an important player he is . He improves in every game . ''
Spain , before the celebrations get out of hand , do not have the most impressive record in friendlies . Since winning the World Cup last year , they have performed faultlessly in Euro 2012 qualifying , but have lost friendly fixtures against Italy , Portugal , Argentina and now England . Vicente del Bosque , the Spain coach , denied his players were not taking friendlies seriously enough or that they were suffering from complacency . `` I was angry we did not win this game , '' he said . `` We kept hold of the ball well and dominated the game . England defended deep , with men behind the ball . We lacked pace when we needed it , but I have to congratulate Fabio Capello on his tactics and his players for carrying out the plan well . ''
Vitaly Milonov : ‘ I connect the shooting in Orlando with election campaign in the USA '
The outrageous fighter with the LGBT community commented on the shooting in a gay nightclub and the statement of Ramil Ibragimov
The massacre in an American gay nightclub has been recognized as the largest murder in the history of the country . At the same time , this sparked again the discussions about homophobia , Islamophobia and tolerance in the world . This event has n't been left without attention of the deputy of the Legislative Assembly of St. Petersburg Vitaly Milonov , known for his active fight against the LGBT community . Condemning the murder itself , he sees in this tragedy the trail of the Clintons , not the terrorist organization . Also , in his column in Realnoe Vremya , he commented on the 'cannibalistic ' post of Tatarstan citizen Ramil Ibragimov and the performance of 'Aria of Milonov ' , consisting of expletives of the St. Petersburg parliamentarian .
A rain of fire of Sodom and Gomorrah
In Orlando , there was a mass murder in a gay nightclub . Russia has already expressed its condolences to the American people . Regarding the mass murders , of course , they need to be expressed . However , the question is in the causes of the tragedy . Should the condolences be expressed about a rain of fire that poured upon Sodom and Gomorrah ? Yes , people died .
In fact , these are people who stand on the square and impose the blasphemy against the Lord , they bring upon themselves terrible things . The Almighty will tolerate , and then visit them . No way I put some sort of missionary sense in the killer . He is a murderer , no doubts . By the way , he also was a gay , so that homophobia is out of the question . When you pronounce a curse on God , you will not be patted on the head for it . I 'm scared for these people , who go to such clubs .
'In Orlando , there was a mass murder in a gay nightclub . Russia has already expressed its condolences to the American people . Regarding the mass murders , of course , they need to be expressed . ' Photo : epa.eu
We are all people , all with sins . And it is their sin , and we treat it as a terrible sin . But if a person , who is aware of his viciousness , trying to be cleansed from sin , it is the path to a healing . But those people , who hang out in these places , tell us : 'No , we 're smarter and better than God . God forbade us , and we believe that we can allow by ourselves . ' Islam and Christianity definitely say : it is the position of the devil . Despite all the tragedy of the human victims , a phenomenon of this kind is not surprising and , unfortunately , natural .
Sodom and Gomorrah are given as a warning to us , not to repeat . But we go on this way again . People have become so arrogant so that consider themselves more significant than God . We know a historical example : his name is Lucifer , an angel who became proud . Accordingly , who are we going to be like — the righteous or Satan ? For example , I do n't want to be like Satan .
American propaganda
When I am talking about ISIS ( banned in Russia ) , I call them 'ISIS Inc. ' — this organization is a nightmare for obese American fools who can be fed any fast food , including informational . And they will eat it and got fat from it .
At least , the reaction was very suspicious . At the time , I was abroad and watched a lot of foreign channels . How effective was the processing of this information as a PR-campaign of Hillary Clinton . Trump , as always , told something about Muslims , and this is not surprising . As for Hillary , nothing stops the Americans to save the woman that carries a curse on herself . We know how her husband bombed during Easter , that time they brought the curse on their clan . And they will never have anything good in their lives ! Because they are cursed with the children ' blood they spilled .
'At the time , I was abroad and watched a lot of foreign channels . How effective was the processing of this information as a PR-campaign of Hillary Clinton . Trump , as always , told something about Muslims , and this is not surprising . ' Photo : epa.eu
In order to save the interests of the American ruling mafia , they are ready to kill , to shoot , to roast not only 50 people but thousands , tens of thousands only in order the broad spreading cranberry tree of cheap American propaganda could work out this issue . They love corny movies about a soldier who died saving the homeland with the American flag on the ass . This is all the standard tricks , they work out on the Americans .
I do n't believe them . This could not been done by only one person . Who attended at least two lessons of the Basic military training at school when the subject was taught , he knows that it is impossible to make a thousand shots in a few minutes . The weapon breaks , it just becomes hot , it overheats . It is impossible to kill and injure so many people in 5-6 minutes . He is one , they — 300 . They would just pounce on him and strangled . It is clear that this is not true . But they will not tell this lie again , because something will be erased , the disc will be destroyed , and the witnesses will die in a car crash .
I directly or indirectly connect this event with the election campaign in the United States . Probably , Hillary 's hands once again are in blood .
'Do n't joke with God '
It is curious how the users in social networks reacted on this . The Tatarstan figure Ramil Ibragimov managed to support the murderer ( Ramil Ibragimov — the head of the Tatarstan Union of young leaders of innovations ; on instagram he posted a photo and the words in support of the murderer , which caused a wide response of the society — editor 's note ) . I must note that it is not the best fate of a person to go and shoot other people . The murder in any case is not justified , moreover , these people were not armed . This dead terrorist is just a violent thug . But the other people raging and dancing in their clubs , it is clear they were not reading Yesenin , of course , it is obvious what they were doing . They 're just spinning in the vortex of hell , and it has absorbed them .
We , especially the older generation , public figures , should feel responsibility . All our words can be perceived by the young in a wrong way . And thus we should not push our young people under the hammer . Here , it is the spiritual leaders and public figures who should understand this and call to the wise resolution of all issues .
'The Tatarstan figure Ramil Ibragimov managed to support the murderer . I must note that it is not the best fate of a person to go and shoot other people . The murder in any case is not justified , moreover , these people were not armed . This dead terrorist is just a violent thug . ' On the photo from reuters.com Omar Mateen
It is wrong to hush up and turn this tragic story into a criminal case . This should be a clear warning , a reminder to anyone : do not joke with God . You may not believe him , to believe in him , but because you do n't believe , nothing will change , God exists . There are some things that are sacred for most of our people , and you can not touch them . It is impossible to try by your selfish human will to challenge the divine laws given us by God . They do not change , they will remain , and we just will sink in sins .
'They came and said : 'Yes , we are the cocks '
But these sinners do not stop . Recently they performed an 'Aria of Milonov ' . This shows that we have an educational process going . They do not come out with their slogans anymore and not force us to fall into an emotional state , to react some way . They have properly learned everything . Now they come by themselves , call themselves with their own words , with definitions that are far from European tolerance .
They came and said : 'Yes , we are cocks , we crow , ' and left . Everything is clear . At least , it is already a way to the right self-identification . Our cocks call themselves cocks . There is nothing bad , they have educated themselves finally . Of course , I support it . Through their creativity , they are in a way of recognizing their nothingness and spiritual delusion .
By Vitaly Milonov
Swiss cannabis smokers will be allowed to grow four marijuana plants each ( to stop them buying drugs illegally )
Cannabis smokers in Switzerland will soon be allowed to grow up to four marijuana plants each at home to stop them buying drugs on the black market .
In a bizarre twist to the new law , four people sharing a house can grow up to 16 plants - but only if each person tends to their own crop .
The deregulation of Switzerland 's already lax cannabis laws has been agreed by four neighbouring regions in the French-speaking part of the Alpine country .
Alpine oddity : Drug users will be able to grow up to four cannabis plants each in four regions of Switzerland , including the beautiful Neuchatel ( pictured )
A spokesman for the Neuchatel region said : 'We have agreed these new rules to prevent drugs tourism between regions where the rules are different , and to stop them buying it on the streets .
'But one person can not start growing more than four plants just by claiming they live with other people .
'In this case , these other people have to actually be cultivating the plants themselves .
Strange strategy : Four people sharing a house will be able to grow 16 plants between them , providing each can prove they are cultivating their own crop
'This means attending to the plant in such a way as to make it grow . '
Swiss daily Le Matin quipped : 'This basically means that you can grow four more plants for every housemate you have - just as long as they know how to hold a watering can . '
“ Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . ”
A few days ago , localghost.org posted a translation of a Czech article alledging Windows 10 “ phones home ” in a number of ways . I was a little surprised , and more than a little alarmed , by some of the claims . Rather than blindly repost the claims , I decided it would be a good idea to see what I could test for myself . Rob Seder has done similarly but I 'm taking it a step further to look at the real traffic contents .
I 'm running the Windows 10 Insider Preview ( which , admittedly , may not be the same as the release , but it 's what I had access to ) in VirtualBox . The NIC on my Windows 10 VM is connected to an internal network to a Debian VM with my tools installed , which is in turn connected out to the internet . On the Debian VM , I 'm using mitmproxy to perform a traffic MITM . I 've also used VirtualBox 's network tracing to collect additional data .
Currently , I have all privacy settings set to the default , but I am not signed in to a Microsoft Live account . This is an attempt to replicate the findings from the original article . At the moment , I 'm only looking at HTTP/HTTPS traffic in detail , even though the original article was n't even specific enough to indicate what protocols were being used .
Claim 1 . All text typed on the keyboard is sent to Microsoft
When typing into the search bar within the Start menu , an HTTPS request is sent after each character entered . Presumably this is to give web results along with local results , but the amount of additional metadata included is just mind-boggling . Here 's what the request for such a search looks like ( some headers modified ) :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 GET /AS/API/WindowsCortanaPane/V2/Suggestions ? qry=about & cp=5 & cvid=ce8c2c3ad6704645bb207c0401d709aa & ig=7fdd08f6d6474ead86e3c71404e36dd6 & cc=US & setlang=en-US HTTP/1.1 Accept : * / * X-BM-ClientFeatures : FontV4 , OemEnabled X-Search-SafeSearch : Moderate X-Device-MachineId : { 73737373-9999-4444-9999-A8A8A8A8A8A8 } X-BM-Market : US X-BM-DateFormat : M/d/yyyy X-Device-OSSKU : 48 X-Device-NetworkType : ethernet X-BM-DTZ : -420 X-BM-UserDisplayName : Tester X-DeviceID : 0100D33317836214 X-BM-DeviceScale : 100 X-Device-Manufacturer : innotek GmbH X-BM-Theme : ffffff ; 005a9e X-BM-DeviceDimensionsLogical : 320x622 X-BM-DeviceDimensions : 320x622 X-Device-Product : VirtualBox X-BM-CBT : 1439740000 X-Device-isOptin : false X-Device-Touch : false X-AIS-AuthToken : AISToken ApplicationId=25555555-ffff-4444-cccc-a7a7a7a7a7a7 & ExpiresOn=1440301800 & HMACSHA256=CS y7XaNyyCE8oAZPeN % 2b6IJ4ZrpqDDRZUIJyKvrIKnTA % 3d X-Device-ClientSession : 95290000000000000000000000000000 X-Search-AppId : Microsoft.Windows.Cortana_cw5n1h2txyewy ! CortanaUI X-MSEdge-ExternalExpType : JointCoord X-MSEdge-ExternalExp : sup001 , pleasenosrm40ct , d-thshld42 , d-thshld77 , d-thshld78 Referer : https : //www.bing.com/ Accept-Language : en-US Accept-Encoding : gzip , deflate User-Agent : Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows NT 10.0 ; Win64 ; x64 ; Trident/7.0 ; rv:11.0 ; Cortana 1.4.8.152 ; 10.0.0.0.10240.21 ) like Gecko Host : www.bing.com Connection : Keep-Alive Cookie : SA_SUPERFRESH_SUPPRESS=SUPPRESS=0 & LAST=1439745358300 ; SRCHD=AF=NOFORM ; ...
In addition to my query , “ about ” , it sends a “ DeviceID ” , a “ MachineId ” , the username I 'm logged in as , the platform ( VirtualBox ) , and a number of opaque identifiers in the query , the X-AIS-AuthToken , and the Cookies . That 's a lot of information just to give you search results .
Claim 2 . Telemetry including file metadata is sent to Microsoft
I searched for several movie titles , including “ Mission Impossible ” , “ Hackers ” , and “ Inside Out. ” Other than the Cortana suggestions above , I did n't see any traffic pertaining to these searches . Certainly , I did n't see any evidence of uploading a list of multimedia files from my Windows 10 system , as described in the original post .
I also searched for a phone number in the edge browser , as described in the original post . ( Specifically , I search for 867-5309 . ) The only related traffic I saw is traffic to the site on which I performed the search ( yellowpages.com ) . No traffic containing that phone number went to any Microsoft-run server , as far as I can tell .
Claim 3 . When a webcam is connected , 35MB of data gets sent
Nope . Not even close . I shut down the VM , started a new PCAP , restarted , and attached a webcam via USB forwarding in VirtualBox . After the drivers were fully installed , I shut down the system . The total size of the pcap was under 800k in size , a far cry from the claimed 35MB . Looking at mitmproxy and the pcap , the largest single connection was ~82kB in size . I have no idea what traffic he saw , but I saw no alarming connection related to plugging in a webcam . My best guess is maybe it 's actually 35MB of download , and his webcam required a driver download . ( Admittedly a large driver , but I 've seen bigger . )
Claim 4 . Everything said into a microphone is sent
Even when attempting to use the speech recognition in Windows , I saw nothing that was large enough to be audio spoken being transferred . Additionally , no intercepted HTTP or HTTPS traffic contained the raw words that I spoke to the voice recognition service . Maybe if signed in to Windows Live , Cortana performs uploads , but without being signed in , I saw nothing representative of the words I used with speech recognition .
Claim 5 . Large volumes of data are uploaded when Windows is left unattended
I left Windows running for > 1 hour while I went and had lunch . There were a small number of HTTP ( s ) requests , but they all seemed to be related to either updating the weather information displayed in the tiles or checking for new Windows updates . I do n't know what the OP considers “ large volumes ” , but I 'm not seeing it .
Conclusion
The original post made some extraordinary claims , and I 'm not seeing anything to the degree they claimed . To be sure , Windows 10 shares more data with Microsoft than I 'd be comfortable with , particularly if Cortana is enabled , but it does n't seem to be anything like the levels described in the article . I wish the original poster had posted more about the type of traffic he was seeing , the specific requests , or even his methodology for testing .
The only dubious behavior I observed was sending every keystroke in the Windows Start Menu to the servers , but I understand that combined Computer/Web search is being sold as a feature , and this is necessary for that feature . I do n't know why all the metadata is needed , and it 's possibly excessive , but this is n't the keylogger the original post claimed .
Unfortunately , it 's impossible to disprove his claims , but if it 's as bad as suggested , reproducing it should 've been possible , and I 've been unable to reproduce it . I encourage others to try it as well – if enough of us do it , it should be possible to either confirm or strongly refute the original claims .
Research by the Campaign Against Living Miserably finds that more than 40 % of British men aged 18-45 have considered suicide
More than 40 % of British men aged 18-45 have considered taking their own lives , according to research by a male suicide prevention charity . The study by the Campaign Against Living Miserably ( Calm ) found that a similar proportion of those who had had such thoughts had not discussed them with anyone else , suggesting that many of the men affected did not want to worry their friends or family .
The figures compiled by the researchers showed that 4,623 men of all ages took their own lives in 2014 , the equivalent of more than 12 deaths per day and accounting for 76 % of the total .
That was a slight drop on the more than 4,800 men who , according to the latest Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) figures , took their own lives in 2013 . Men accounted for 78 % of the suicides that year .
“ The results of this research , together with the latest mortality statistics , show that we urgently need to raise the nation 's awareness of this hugely important and under-discussed issue , ” said Jane Powell , the chief executive of Calm . “ This is n't an issue which affects ‘ other people ' or one that can be solely reasoned to mental health issues , considering suicide is clearly something many men will consider should their life circumstances change . ”
Suicide and silence : why depressed men are dying for somebody to talk to Read more
She said the reasons men gave for not discussing the issue reinforced the “ norms of what society thinks it is to ‘ be a man ' – not to talk about their feelings or make those around them worry ” .
The research was carried out in conjunction with the men 's bodycare brand Lynx . YouGov produced the figures on behalf of the two organisations after speaking to more than 2,000 British men aged 18-45 and using figures from local statistics authorities . The release of the figures was part of Calm and Lynx 's Bigger Issues campaign , which wants to raise awareness of male suicide .
In the UK , the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123 . In the US , the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255 . In Australia , the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14 . Hotlines in other countries can be found here .
SAN ANTONIO — Laws in Texas requiring sex education courses to emphasize that being gay is “ not acceptable ” and that homosexual conduct is a criminal offense represent an anti-gay culture in the Legislature that could be changing , two openly gay lawmakers said .
The laws , ruled unconstitutional by a 2003 Supreme Court decision , have remained in the Health and Safety and Penal codes despite efforts to remove them .
“ I hope with every fiber of my being that this does get removed because it encourages people and students not to accept each other , but to actually discriminate against each other , ” said state Rep. Mary Gonzalez , D-El Paso , who is bisexual .
One law , enacted in 1991 , requires sex education courses developed by the state health department to emphasize “ that homosexuality is not a lifestyle acceptable to the general public ” and that “ homosexual conduct is a criminal offense. ” Another law , passed in 1974 , classifies “ intercourse with another individual of the same sex ” as a Class C misdemeanor , punishable by a fine up to $ 500 .
El Paso police in 2009 cited the so-called anti-sodomy law to remove a gay couple from a restaurant for kissing , resulting in a lawsuit settlement requiring diversity training for police .
“ I hold a lot of optimism for ( these ) issues because things have changed so quickly ; it 's only a matter of time before Texas realizes it 's part of the United States and is in the 21st century , ” said newly elected state Rep. Celia Israel , D-Austin , who is a lesbian . “ I think lawmakers like Mary ( Gonzalez ) and I and our straight allies will be able to change those attitudes ( in the Legislature ) member by member . ”
Israel 's special election victory last month marks the first time in history that the Texas House has two openly gay members , said Chuck Smith , executive director of Equality Texas , a group that advocates for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights .
Bills to repeal the language have faced opposition , primarily from Republicans , who have cited the state 's majority vote on a same-sex marriage ban in 2005 as proof that Texans do not want the language removed .
A federal judge in San Antonio heard arguments Wednesday for a case that could temporarily block the state 's ban on same-sex marriage and likely set the case on a path toward the U.S. Supreme Court .
“ State Rep. Mary Gonzalez identified herself as a 'pansexual ' after she was elected so it should be no surprise that she wants the state to ban students from learning that homosexual conduct is not safe for school-age children , and it 's sexual conduct that should be discouraged and not promoted in public school. ” said Jonathan Saenz , president of Texas Values , a conservative group .
But straight Democrats and Republicans have said they oppose the law . State Rep. Sarah Davis , R-West University Place , said in October that the laws should be removed because they 've been deemed invalid .
State Sen. Jose Rodriguez , D-El Paso , last year filed Senate Bill 538 , which would have removed both laws . The bill was passed through committee for the first time but was left pending in the Senate by Lt. Gov . David Dewhurst .
“ An illegal law has no place in Texas books . It 's ridiculous that state lawmakers would not support repealing an illegal law simply to appease the intolerance of their voting base , ” Rodriguez said .
The sex education guideline applies to a program developed by the state health department for “ school-aged children ” used by school districts , community and church groups , and others , said Chris Van Deusen , a spokesman for the Department of State Health Services .
Van Deusen said the agency 's sex education program has not included any information on homosexuality other than a simple definition since 2003 because of the Supreme Court decision and a nondiscrimination requirement to secure federal funds for the program .
“ The voters did n't care I was running as an openly gay candidate , ” said Israel , 49 . “ Public education funding was the No . 1 issue in the campaign , and that will be the same moving forward . ”
kparker @ express-news.net
Twitter : @ KoltenParker
A cybersecurity firm has successfully pranked US Republican National Convention delegates by tricking them into connecting to insecure public Wi-Fi hotspots near the convention site in Cleveland , Ohio , in order to make a point about how ignorant regular people , even politicians , are about cybersecurity risks .
Security researchers from Czech anti-virus software firm Avast set up open Wi-Fi networks at various locations around the Quicken Loans Arena and at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport during the recent GOP convention , and assigned network names each of the Wi-Fi networks that either imitated real public Wi-Fi hotspots or played on political sensitivities .
The hotspots were given names like `` Google Starbucks '' , `` Xfinitywifi '' and `` Attwifi '' that looked like they could be real services on offer , or network names that made it look like convention staff set the networks up and changed the network name as a joke , featuring phrases like `` I vote Trump ! free Internet '' and `` I vote Hillary ! free Internet '' .
Avast found that over 1,200 GOP delegates connected to these fake Wi-Fi networks in just one day , transmitting more than 1.6Gbps , with 70 % of the users connecting to the Trump-themed Wi-Fi hotspot , while 30 % of the delegates connected to the Clinton-themed hotspot .
And while connected , 68.3 % of the 1,200 users ' identities were exposed to the researchers , and the researchers could see when 44.5 % of the users were checking their emails or chatting using messenger apps .
Avast did n't store or collect any personal information from the attendees , but it was able to see exactly what apps and services the delegates used . For example , 5.1 % of the delegates logged onto the hugely popular Pokémon Go game during the convention , while 6.5 % of users went shopping on Amazon and 1.2 % of delegates checked their online banking , which is a huge no-no on public Wi-Fi .
The researchers could see that 55.9 % of the users were using Apple devices , while 28.4 % were on Android devices , 1.5 % used Windows Phone devices and 3.4 % accessed the internet using MacBook laptops .
Google Chrome was by far the most popular web browser , used by 10.8 % of delegates , followed by Safari , used by 4.2 % of users and Mozilla Firefox , used by 0.2 % of users . And although there were n't many people doing this , 0.7 % of the delegates checked dating apps like Tinder , Grindr , OKCupid and Match as well as the social group event app Meetup , and 0.24 % of the delegates had time to visit pornographic websites like Pornhub .
The point of this exercise was not to spy on GOP delegates , but more to demonstrate how people take cybersecurity for granted when they are actually at high risk of being spied on and hacked by cybercriminals , since anyone on any Wi-Fi network can see all web traffic passing on the network if it is not secured with a password .
And while traffic on many messenger apps is encrypted , so a hacker would n't be able to see what you were talking about , they can still see the websites you access and the apps and services you logon to .
`` With Washington heatedly discussing cybersecurity issues virtually every week , we thought it would be interesting to test how many people actually practice secure habits , '' said Gagan Singh , president of mobile at Avast .
`` Understanding the talking points behind these privacy issues is very different from implementing secure habits on a daily basis . Though it is not surprising to see how many people connect to free Wi-Fi , especially in a location with large crowds such as this , it is important to know how to stay safe when connecting . When joining public Wi-Fi , consumers should utilise a virtual private network ( VPN ) service that anonymises their data while connecting to public hotspots to ensure that their connection is secure . ''
First off , let me say that , hearing all of this is absolutely fantastic and really , from the bottom of my heart , I thank you for it .
I do have to admit that , having a blind fiancé and no real desire to bring over sighted assistance and not able to a majority of the time , there are a few things that need to be included before I even consider this , well , and mainstream games in general .
Let me explain . While I understand that blind people play mainstream games , I 'm less inclinded to do so . I have a job , and am I finishing up my degree , and , basicly , I do n't want to make gaming work . By this , I mean memorizing menus , writing down menus , asking for help as to which team or game mode or difficulty setting or whatever is I 'm just not interested . While I commend those that are , and fully support playing mainstream games , I just want to sit down and play a game – if I want commentators off , I want to be able to turn it off , not put up with it because I do n't know how to navigate the menus . That goes for the team selection . If I want to run a season with my Dallas Cowboys , I do n't want to have to start games with the wrong teams and figure out how I got there and hope it works the same . Basicly , I want to enjoy it like everyone else .
This , to be honest , is why I do n't have a console – I just ca n't justify spending $ 300 on something that I ca n't use to it 's fullest potential . While I commend Microsoft and Soni for including speech in their consoles , I just do n't think , as of right now , it 's worth the money , simply because for another $ 50 on top of the console , I have to put work into something for fun . I absolutely love hearing , though , what 's going on with the title being talked about , I just believe that , for me , it 's still got a ways to go before I would consider purchasing it .
This comes from someone who , as a blind guy all my life , has owned a console up to the PS2 , and spent a fair amount of time with an xbox 360 ( my brother 's ) . I also had the time back then I wanted to spend .
If , or hopefully when , EA decides to give madden the accessibility to my standards of what I will be willing to shell out that kind of cash for , I 'll buy it in a heartbeat – I 've loved football games , and hope to continue to do so in the future .
I know there are going to be those that are saying “ I play lots of games on xbox , ” which I agree . I 've seen lots . I just want more than fighters and games I can actually play , win , and complete all the way without having to work . I use work to mean not work at playing the game , but work at playing it successfully – ill sink time into a game , just not into preparing for it ; I 've got other things I enjoy/have to do than to memorize menues , fiddle around with cameras for hours to figure out where I 've got to go because , well , the game is half accessible . etcetera . IT 's like Grand theaft auto . I 'd love to play that , too , but , while running around killing things and driving cars off bridges is great fun , it 's not $ 50 fun . I want to do the missions and all that , too , and as of now , I ca n't . The game , to me , is n't accessible ; it 's not even playable . I can only do a fraction of what 's there .
Russia 's only aircraft carrier , the Admiral Kuznetsov , has set sail for Syria . The vessel is leaving a long and unhealthy trail of smoke in its wake .
Moscow 's symbol of power projection is old and in danger of breaking down as it makes its way from the North Sea to the Mediterranean . The Russians have also discovered that this smoldering boat and her naval task force are unwelcome , as port after port along its route refuses entry now that human rights organizations and governments worldwide have accused the Russian government of war crimes .
The full , grand name of Russia 's sole carrier is the Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov . The fifteen aircraft onboard include Su-33 air superiority fighters , Su-25UTG ground attack aircraft , and MiG-29KUB two-seater multi-role fighters . This is the carrier 's second trip to the Mediterranean since the Syrian Civil War began . The aircraft will likely take part in Moscow 's air war over Syria .
Kuztnetsov is a notoriously unreliable ship . She was built by the Soviet Union in the late 1980s and languished in Russian service after the Cold War . In 2009 , a problem with the electrical system led to a fire that killed a crewman . The ship 's propulsion system has never worked properly and breaks down so frequently that it , like many other large Russian Navy ships , always travels with an oceangoing tug . The ship broke down in early 2012 off the coast of Spain .
The carrier and her flotilla of seven ships are slowly making their way from their homeport north of the Arctic Circle to Syria . The task force sailed through the English Channel on October 21 , shadowed by a Royal Navy destroyer and frigate . But today it was announced that Kuznetsov 's battle group would not be stopping to refuel at the Spanish port of Ceuta , as had been previously announced . The Spanish government had given permission for three ships to refuel at Ceuta , but Russia withdrew the request after Spain 's NATO allies complained . Malta also announced that the Russian fleet was not welcome .
There 's no telling how this will affect the Kuznetsov 's voyage . The Russian Defense Ministry has brushed aside Spain 's disinvitation , claiming the flotilla has enough fuel and supplies to make the voyage . That may be true , but it remains to be seen if the carrier and her entourage can make it back to Russia without a refueling .
Wikileaks Reveals Super Injunction Blocking Reporting On Massive Australian Corruption Case Involving Leaders Of Malaysia , Indonesia & Vietnam
from the no-free-press-for-you dept
The super-injunction invokes “ national security ” grounds to prevent reporting about the case , by anyone , in order to “ prevent damage to Australia 's international relations ” . The court-issued gag order follows the secret 19 June 2014 indictment of seven senior executives from subsidiaries of Australia 's central bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) . The case concerns allegations of multi-million dollar inducements made by agents of the RBA subsidiaries Securency and Note Printing Australia in order to secure contracts for the supply of Australian-style polymer banknotes to the governments of Malaysia , Indonesia , Vietnam and other countries .
The suppression order lists 17 individuals , including `` any current or former Prime Minister of Malaysia '' , “ Truong Tan San , currently President of Vietnam '' , `` Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono ( also known as SBY ) , currently President of Indonesia ( since 2004 ) '' , `` Megawati Sukarnoputri ( also known as Mega ) , a former President of Indonesia ( 2001–2004 ) and current leader of the PDI-P political party '' and 14 other senior officials and relatives from those countries , who specifically may not be named in connection with the corruption investigation .
The document also specifically bans the publication of the order itself as well as an affidavit affirmed last month by Australia 's representative to ASEAN Gillian Bird , who has just been appointed as Australia 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations . The gag order effectively blacks out the largest high-level corruption case in Australia and the region .
The purpose of these orders is to prevent damage to Australia 's international relations that may be caused by the publication of material that may damage the reputations of specified individuals who are not the subject of charges in these proceedings .
We 've written about the problems of so-called super injunctions in the past ( though mainly in the UK ) . This legal process not only keeps certain details under wraps concerning a lawsuit , but actually forbids the media from reporting on anything related to the case at all . Such a thing would be clear prior restraint and not allowed in the US , but apparently is considered legal in other parts of the world . However , Wikileaks has now revealed what appears to be a super injunction against reporting on a massive corruption case in Australia , involving the leaders of Malaysia , Indonesia and Vietnam , along with people at Australia 's central bank , the Reserve Bank of Australia : It 's the reasoning given that 's most troubling : It 's difficult to see how that 's a legitimate reason to completely hide the entire case from public view , when it appears to cover a variety of important matters of which the public should be aware . If some people may be embarrassed about this , even as they 're not subject to the charges in the proceedings , then they should easily be able to explain that fact . There are lots of lawsuits that will embarrass some people ( even those not directly subject to the case ) . But we do n't hide them when they deal with everyone else . The decision to do it here really smacks of the `` high court '' / `` low court '' distinction between the treatment those in power receive vs. what those not in power do .
Filed Under : australia , corruption , free speech , gag order , indonesia , journalism , malaysia , super injunction , vietnam
Companies : rba , reserve bank australia
The wantaway defender was nowhere to be seen as his club prepared for the new Ligue 1 season , with speculation rising about his future at Stade Metropole
For all the latest reports and transfer rumours , visit our dedicated section here .
Newcastle United target Mathieu Debuchy has missed his first pre-season session with Lille , according to French newspaper Voix du Nord .
The 26-year-old was due back in training on Saturday after being granted an extended summer break following his exploits with France at Euro 2012 .
However , the Fretin-born defender missed the session , and is expected back at the club early Monday morning .
Debuchy impressed as les Bleus reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship , and appears close to a move to the Magpies , although les Dogues director Frederic Paquet has stated that he will not be going anywhere until a replacement is found .
He helped Lille to a third-place finish in Ligue 1 last season , and was named in the National Union of Professional Football Players ' team of the year .
Samsung in Korea recently announced an all new voice activated cleaning robot dubbed the Smart Tango , which looks like the iRobot 's Roomba and does as much . Powered by a built-in dual core processor , the Smart Tango cleaning robot follows simple voice instruction to turn left or turn right , courtesy Tango View Application that the user can download onto a smartphone . For regulation of thorough cleaning and easy understanding of voice commands the Smart Tango is stuffed in with a camera and 12 high-function sensors .
The Smart Tango is built intelligently – on the start command the cleaning robot automatically recognize the cleaning area and uses the shortest route to reach the area ( avoiding all obstacles ) for faster and more accurate cleaning . Featuring wide brush measuring 204mm in length , the ultra-slim vacuum cleaner robot comes with a detachable microfiber mop for ease of cleaning .
Via : Kukjenews
With eight official entrants , the GOP presidential race looks like the running of the bulls . Seven more candidates are expected ; eight if you count Donald Trump . If they all run , it 'll be the biggest presidential field in any political party in American history .
Last Wednesday Rick Santorum got in . Like most politicians now , he shuns policy specifics in favor of long riffs on his own life , or his parents ' lives . Presidential candidates live privileged lives , so we hear a lot about hardships their parents suffered . Santorum 's dad was a coal miner ; Marco Rubio 's was a bartender ; Mike Huckabee 's a fireman . George Pataki got in on Thursday . His dad was a mailman and his mom a waitress , but he went to Yale and got a law degree at Columbia .
Advertisement :
Republicans tell tales of humble origins in hopes of relating to a humbled middle-class . Santorum and Huckabee once connected with wedge issues sharpened by the religious right , but when that stopped working , they moved on . Odd as it may seem , both men now present as tribunes of working families , posing as populists the only way they can , by conflating their own and their parents ' life stories .
Santorum 's speech lasted 23 minutes . The first five minutes were about his family . The next 13 minutes were about the economy . He was three quarters of the way through when he let slip an abortion reference that was barely a dog whistle : “ As president I 'll stand for the principle that every life matters : the poor , the disabled and the unborn. ” He mentioned the issue just once more , but savaged big business and corruption no fewer than 10 times . He never mentioned same-sex marriage .
Santorum 's prescriptions are , to say the least , vague . He 's against government and undocumented aliens . He 'd cut taxes and social services but ramp up defense spending . He never says ‘ climate change . ' He may not hang with his old pals on the religious right but he 's hot for a new culture war based on xenophobia . He says he 'd “ bomb ISIS back into the seventh century. ” It 's not policy . It 's hate speech . ISIS controls a swath of Iraq as big as England . Its soldiers are embedded in civilian populations . Its tentacles reach across the region . Not even Santorum can think it can be killed by an air strike , even one as barbarous as he suggests .
Santorum will march with Huckabee , Ben Carson and Ted Cruz in this year 's GOP kook parade . Pataki seems sane by comparison but his agenda 's as daft as theirs . In fact it 's the same as theirs . After spending a quarter of his speech on Thursday rhapsodizing about his family he said he 'd halt illegal immigration , cut taxes and social services and grow the defense budget . As for bombing ISIS or even sending ground troops , he made it crystal clear he 's good to go .
The Democratic contest is a more staid , intimate affair . On Saturday ex-Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley became just its third entrant . Hoping to snag Elizabeth Warren 's devoted fan base , he styles himself a populist , but it 's a late vocation . It 's said he was the model for Tommy Carcetti , the ruthless Baltimore mayor in HBO 's The Wire . ( Show creator David Simon says only that Carcetti was “ reflective ” of O'Malley . ) In another year he 'd have run to Clinton 's right .
Absent a Clinton meltdown of Ed Muskie-like proportions , O'Malley may be the last one in the Democratic pool . Joe Biden has run twice before . In 1988 he was chased out of the race before it started . In 2008 he made it as far as Iowa . A Q poll has him at 9 percent . Rhode Island 's Lincoln Chafee may be naïve enough to run , but his candidacy 's a nonstarter . Enigmatic Jim Webb would be fun to watch , but he 's polling at 1 percent and taking far too much time to decide if he 's in or out .
Advertisement :
*
Bernie Sanders was in Vermont Tuesday to kick off his campaign . He 's truly the anti-politician . Under sunny skies with a Lake Champlain wind at his back , he skipped family hagiography and got straight to the point , laying out a cogent fact-laced analysis and a litany of specific proposals : a $ 15 minimum wage ; a trillion dollar public works program ; a carbon tax to help “ transform our energy system away from fossil fuels ” ; a new trade policy ; a raise in social security benefits ; universal pre-K .
At the tail end of his remarks Sanders related a little family lore but began with a sly joke , “ As some of you know , I was born in a faraway land called Brooklyn , New York. ” He briefly described his “ solidly lower middle class ” life as the son of a paint salesman and a mother who died young and what it taught him : “ As a kid I learned in many , many ways what lack of money means to a family . ”
Republicans hate all of Sanders ' ideas . Clinton has n't endorsed any of them . A few years ago they 'd have sparked a big debate . Not today . America needs a big debate but it ca n't seem to mount one anywhere . Three issues of grave constitutional as well as practical concern are before Congress : The Trans Pacific Partnership , the president 's request for authorization to wage war against ISIS , and extension of the Patriot Act . Its dereliction of duty as to all three is tragic and profound .
Advertisement :
The TPP would rob Congress , the states and every American of the right to enact laws protecting our health , safety and welfare . It does it by granting international tribunals closed to both states and private citizens the power to override any law they deem a barrier to trade . The Constitution vests authority to approve the pact in Congress but at the behest of multinational corporations Congress may soon relinquish its right to amend it without ever having read or disclosed its contents .
The Constitution also grants Congress the sole power and sacred duty to decide whether America wages war against another people . Yet we are now in a war against ISIS Congress never authorized . Obama brought it under color of a 13-year-old Iraq war authorization . He now asks Congress , very belatedly , for post facto authorization . He even implies he does so for appearance 's sake . The language he proposes fails to restrict the cost , duration or geographical extent of the conflict . Due to an unholy combination of cowardice and calculation Congress may not even take up his request . If it fails to act he 'll go right on waging war without it . The public barely knows of the resolution 's existence , let alone its contents or the veiled machinations that will determine its fate and ours .
The right to privacy is so basic to our freedom it may be said to precede as much as flow from our Constitution . Modern information technology threatens it as nothing short of absolute dictatorship ever has . In the battle over renewing the Patriot Act specious claims of national security shroud the facts . In a ploy reminiscent of the ‘ mushroom cloud ' Condi Rice imagined rising from Iraq 's nonexistent WMDs , a “ senior administration official ” this week accused critics of “ playing national security Russian roulette. ” Yet last week FBI Inspector General Michael Horowitz said an investigation by his office turned up no evidence the program had deterred a single terrorist plot , but it did find that managers took seven years to provide basic safeguards to protect the privacy of all the millions of Americans it surveils .
Advertisement :
I ca n't recall a time when Congress treated its constitutional duties in so arrogant , slovenly or secretive a fashion . Even more painful to consider are the matters that should be before it but are n't , including income inequality , corruption and above all , climate change . It 's hard to believe the session will pass without a meaningful word spoken about any of them . With Congress in a coma it would be great if the presidential race provided a forum for real debate , but that system 's broken too .
The Republican race will be one long Obama insult-fest . It 's amazing that so many candidates can have so few differences . Rand Paul 's a hawk on privacy and a dove on defense . Jeb Bush is for corporate education ‘ reform ' and as much immigration reform as he can hang onto . Other than that they 're all Santorum and Pataki . All will stop immigration , cut taxes and any program that helps an old , poor or sick person and give the Pentagon everything it wants . Santorum and Huckabee may lob a grenade or two at big business but they wo n't mean it . All will vow to put Putin , China and the entire Islamic world in its place . And that 's about it .
In the primaries all the Republicans will act crazy but in the fall their consultants will give their winner the same sort of advice the Democratic consultants will give theirs . Ask about the economy and he 'll vow to cut taxes and red tape . Ask about the budget and he 'll tell a story about something wise his dad said on a fishing trip . If a vital issue is somehow clarified in a fall debate it 'll be a first .
Advertisement :
The Democratic race is where a real debate may happen . It wo n't happen on its own . One reason is that Clinton does n't want one . I 'm amazed she 's managed to maintain radio silence on an issue as big as the TPP . I blame the press as much as her . Her bland evasions should have sparked a revolt by now . Instead we get more stories on her encounters with ‘ everyday Americans ' and the conflicts of the Clinton Foundations . The latter may be important but the conflicts between her and Sanders are the ones the nation needs to resolve . They pertain to the fundamental relationship between commerce and democracy and the just distribution of power and wealth . If Sanders can engage Clinton in a real discussion of such issues , their debate will be one for the ages .
Sanders prides himself on never having aired a negative ad and likes to say he 's running for the Democratic nomination , not against Hillary . But he knows better than most that a debate can be civil and substantive . I hope he knows the time for one is right now . In a few months the TPP and Patriot Act may be moot points . It will be a shame if O'Malley finally comes out swinging on issues that suck the air out of the room but do n't provide the kind or quality of debate we deserve . Progressives should help get things going . The AFL-CIO calls trade its top priority . It should sponsor a debate like the one Al Gore had with Ross Perot over NAFTA . Cable networks would surely air it . The press might even begin to see policy debate for what it is : the heart and soul of a political campaign .
Michelle Williams is in talks to star as the iconic rock star Janis Joplin in “ Martha Marcy May Marlene ” helmer Sean Durkin 's biopic “ Janis . ”
Peter Newman is producing the pic with Durkin 's partners at Borderline Films , along with Uncommon Productions , Interal , and Seven Hills Productions . Williams ' reps could not be reached for comment .
Joplin was a rock-and-roll icon in the 1960s who rose to fame with Big Brother and the Holding Company before dying of a drug overdose in 1970 at age 27 . Newman has long held rights to a good portion of Joplin 's catalog and a large collection of written materials , which will be used to create a depiction of the last six months of her life .
Williams is expected to be in the Oscar race with her performance in “ Manchester by the Sea , ” which Amazon opens next month . She also has Kelly Reichardt 's “ Certain Women ” opening next Friday and was recently nominated for a Tony for her work in the play “ Blackbird . ”
She is currently in rehearsals for “ The Greatest Showman on Earth , ” which starts filming next month . She is repped by WME , Brillstein Entertainment , and Bloom Hergott .
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at a USA Thank You Tour event at Crown Coliseum in Fayetteville , North Carolina , U.S. , December 6 , 2016 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump 's plans to increase spending on infrastructure while cutting taxes would endanger public finances , Economics Nobel laureate Oliver Hart said on Wednesday .
With much infrastructure in the United States in bad shape , increased spending could be good even if the details in Trump 's plans were “ not so impressive ” , he said .
“ But then also reducing taxes , I mean that is going to lead to all sorts of budgetary problems in the future , ” Hart told a news conference in Stockholm , along with the other winner of the Nobel Prize for Economics , Bengt Holmstrom .
Hart and Holmstrom are due to receive the prize at a ceremony in Stockholm on Saturday .
Hart also criticized the idea of tearing up trade agreements and said reducing taxes on the rich was contrary to his belief of what was needed .
“ I would be in favor of actually increasing the tax burden on the wealthy , ” he said , adding it was very hard to know what Trump will actually do when taking office .
RIO DE JANEIRO -- FIFA has replaced the Colombian assistant referee whose offside decisions denied Mexico two potential goals against Cameroon . FIFA said that Humberto Clavijo will not be on referee Wilmar Roldan 's team for South Korea vs. Algeria in Porto Alegre on Sunday .
RIO DE JANEIRO -- FIFA has replaced the Colombian assistant referee whose offside decisions denied Mexico two potential goals against Cameroon .
FIFA said that Humberto Clavijo will not be on referee Wilmar Roldan 's team for South Korea vs. Algeria in Porto Alegre on Sunday .
Clavijo will be replaced by Christian Lescano of Ecuador , according to FIFA 's website .
In other Sunday assignments , FIFA picked Nestor Pitana of Argentina to referee United States vs. Portugal in Manaus . After beating Ghana 2-1 , the Americans could advance from Group G with a second win .
Pitana previously handled a 1-1 draw between Russia and South Korea in Group H .
Felix Brych of Germany will referee Belgium vs. Russia at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro .
Brych 's first match was Costa Rica 's 3-1 win over Uruguay .
-- Associated Press
* IRVING , Texas * – From the most seasoned veteran to the greenest rookie , there 's a common bond between almost every NFL player . To get to this stage of the sport , it 's a solid bet that your life has revolved around football for much of your life .
There are exceptions to that rule , and none more fascinating than Efe Obada . When he takes the field at training camp as a member of the Dallas Cowboys , it 'll have been less than a year since his first game of American football .
“ It 's been a really funny journey , ” Obada said . “ I do n't know if all of you have seen my story , but I did n't come through the traditional system or the traditional ways of getting here . ”
The distinction of “ American ” football is needed for Obada , who has lived in the United Kingdom for the past 15 years . The description of a “ funny journey ” is also quite an understatement coming from Obada , who was working in a warehouse for Grace Foods on the outskirts of London as recently as two months ago .
“ That job was horrible . It was strictly 9-to-5 , it was soul-destroying , it does n't really fulfill anything , ” he said . “ It was just another job , really – just to survive and pay the bills . ”
The particulars of Obada 's journey have been well-documented since he signed with the Cowboys in early April , and they go far beyond that . The 6-6 , 256-pound prospect was trafficked from the Netherlands to London as a child , where he and his sister were abandoned and eventually entered into social services .
“ We were home-hopping and living with strangers , ” Obada told Neil Reynolds of NFL UK back in April . “ When you have n't got stability , you do n't trust people – you know where you 're living is not permanent and it 's not real and you feel they 're just getting paid to look after you . You develop trust issues and you develop your own little demons . It 's not a nice feeling to not be wanted and to not have that security and stability . ”
Obada was following his own description – surviving – when he was approached by a friend about trying out for the London Warriors , a local club team .
“ One of my friends played for the team and he kind of suggested it , like ‘ We need someone your size , you should do this . You 're a big guy , why do n't you try this sport , ' ” he said .
Obada came on as a defensive end just in time for the Warriors ' final five games , helping the team to a national championship . It 's an interesting enough story in his own right , but Obada 's defensive coordinator with the Warriors , Aden Durde , interned with the Cowboys during training camp last summer .
Durde , who also played linebacker in NFL Europe , made sure the Cowboys coaching staff met with his raw prospect when the team visited London for its Week 10 game against Jacksonville last fall .
“ When Dallas came over there last year , he introduced me to some of the coaches , they worked me out and they thought there was potential , ” he said .
That much is obvious , considering the Cowboys signed Obada to a three-year , $ 1.5 million deal when they brought him on board . He has spent time training with Durde playing as both a tight end and a defensive end , and the Cowboys have used him in both spots during spring workouts .
“ I have n't really got too much experience at either end position , so the transition is easier for me , ” he said .
That ca n't be understated for Obada , who emphasized that he was n't much of a sports fan growing up and said that he watched his first American football game at 4 a.m. one morning in 2013 . Asked for his first impression of an NFL playbook , he simply laughed .
“ At first it was just literally lines and letters to me , ” he said . “ But like I said , the coaching staff and the people here are brilliant . They break it down to a basic level and make sure you can understand it . At the end of the day , you just have to go out there and make your athleticism show . That 's what I intend to do . ”
It 's hard to know what to expect from such a unique situation . Can Obada show enough to earn a stint on the Cowboys ' practice squad , where he could spend the year developing ? In true movie script fashion , is he somehow good enough to earn one of the handful of available roster spots ?
That remains to be seen . Until then , Obada said he 's got a simple strategy for the run-up to training camp , including the next two weeks of OTAs and minicamp .
On April 13th , 2011 , Neil Gaiman graced the University of Chicago with his presence for my great city 's public library initiative , One Book One Chicago . The basic premise for 1B1C , as it 's colloquially known as , is to inspire the city to read a selected novel every quarter . This spring 's selection was Neil Gaiman 's Neverwhere .
To commemorate the selection , Gaiman took part in two reading events , the last event being the one I attended . Following a reading of some of his favorite passages from Neverwhere , the floor was opened for fan questions . Amidst the in flux of questions ranging Gaiman 's illustrious career ( including , but not limited to , MirrorMask , American Gods , Sandman , Doctor Who , and The Graveyard Book ) , I was lucky to throw in a Flixist-related question .
The most promising quote was in regards to the possibility of a Neverwhere film : `` There 's a lot of chance of a Neverwhere movie getting made . [ ... ] One day , I hope . There 's a lot of talk about it . '' Below the cut , you 'll see my thoughts on a potential Neverwhere adaptation .
Neil Gaiman fans will remember the Neverwhere BBC series from the mid-90s and the Vertigo comic book adaptation , so it 's definitely been adapted into a visual form already ( not saying Gaiman 's imagery was n't already so well-defined ) . For those who are unfamiliar with Neverwhere , it follows a Londoner , Richard Mayhew , as he stumbles upon London Below , a magical realm that runs parallel to the `` real '' London .
With fantasy stories , especially with the kind of following Gaiman has , the perfect combination of lead actor , director , and writer must be found . Granted , you can say that about any film , but it seems like fantasy fans are so much harder to appease .
Do any Neil Gaiman fans out there have any suggestions for potential directors/actors for a Neverwhere film ?
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Brian Dunning has a recent project called , The History of Knowledge created to celebrate a milestone in his podcasting history . The project is a musical history of sorts meant to show how pseudoscience and the popular music of the day were and are interlaced within the culture . I wo n't discuss the musical content except to say that my experience of indie punk was not at all related to conspiracy theories but I suppose I could see how an outsider to the movement could unfortunately make that comparison . Instead , I would like to discuss the album art Dunning has used to promote his single entitled , Energy .
This is n't the first time Mr Dunning has put up an image of an attractive woman while simultaneously insulting the majority of all other women present . He did it when he opted to show a woman he said was , “ easier on the eyes ” instead of showing the actual photo of the first woman to fly in space , astronaut Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova . He later apologized . One could assume it was a poorly designed joke and forgive his insensitivity to the plight of women in the sciences and in skepticism , once . We all make mistakes . But here he has done it again . And this time it is arguably more demeaning and insulting .
Let me make this very clear . This is not solely about nudity and the female form . In my opinion , there is absolutely nothing wrong with artistically done nudes of women or of men . The human body is a beautiful thing . I do n't even think there is anything wrong with much of pornography when placed in the correct context . So before anyone says , hey what about those calendars the Skepchicks used to make , allow me to make a clear distinction .
Let me first explain to any new readers that for many years the Skepchicks released a yearly pinup calendar comprised of skeptics .
And with the exception of the first year , we released two versions . One version with women and an equal calendar with men . We included all body types and styles . I have posted a few examples of some of the images for those who are not familiar with our calendars to the right .
Now back to the distinction I wanted to make . Images send messages . An image of a beautiful naked body can send a message of the joy of life or of shape and form and light and shadow or of love and tenderness or loneliness or heartbreak or many other informative and moving messages . What you add to the image can have a strong effect on it 's meaning as well . The placement of the nude in the surroundings can , for example have a strong influence on the tone and the meaning of the piece of art or in this case the photograph . Is the nude in harsh light ? Is the nude in a soft or warm environment ? Is it black and white or color ? Is it a safe environment or is there an element of danger ? Photographers and other visual artists utilize all of these ideas and more to send a message to the viewer . It is all about context . And Dunning 's image is reinforcing a hierarchy with men at the top and women as nothing more than submissive servants whether it was his direct intention or not . A man in formal wear standing in a stately and dismissive pose high above a completely naked woman on her knees serving him , sends a message that women are lower , stripped of intellectual value , completely objectified and in this particular image reduced to mere servants or tray tables .
Unless Mr Dunning has reversed the image on the flip side of his single , with the young woman in a tux and himself completely naked and on his knees serving her , than I do not see how this photograph can do anything but send the message than his view is that women are of a lesser value and merely objects to be used in skepticism .
Let me end by saying we too were criticized for the Skepchick calendars . Many people said that we were objectifying the women in our images even though we treated men in the same fashion . It can be argued that there is just no way to put out an image of a nude woman without reducing her to an object in a heavily male dominated arena such as the case with the current climate of organized skepticism . I acknowledge that it is a complicated issue but I still feel strongly that there are much better ways to do things than what we have been exposed to here .
What do you think ?
Did Brian Dunning fail the women of skepticism , again ? Is there just no way to show a nude in a positive light until we have achieved equality for women in science and skepticism ?
Bowe Bergdahl is escorted to the Fort Bragg military courthouse on October 16 , 2017 . Photo : Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
Army sergeant Bowe Bergdahl , who spent five years as a Taliban captive after abandoning his post in Afghanistan , pleaded guilty on Monday to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy .
The 31-year-old faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison for desertion , and life in prison for misbehavior before the enemy , a rarely used charge applied when troops endanger other service members through misconduct .
Bergdahl 's guilty pleas were not part of a deal with prosecutors . His punishment will be decided by an Army judge at Fort Bragg following a hearing set to begin next week .
“ I understand that leaving was against the law , ” Bergdahl told the judge , Colonel Jeffery Nance , on Monday . He 's said previously that his intention was to walk to a larger base about 18 miles away to report what he saw as a leadership problem in his unit . But within hours of leaving his base on June 29 , 2009 , Bergdahl was captured by armed Taliban fighters . They turned him over to the Haqqani network , who subjected him to what one U.S. official said was the worst abuse of an American service member since the Vietnam War .
Bergdahl said he did not anticipate that U.S. forces would launch an intense manhunt after he left . “ I believed they would notice me missing , but I did n't believe they would have reason to search for one private , ” he said .
Army prosecutors argue that the effort to find Bergdahl derailed the war effort , and left some searchers seriously wounded . Prosecutors will present the wounds suffered by Army Master Sergeant Mark Allen , who was shot in the head and is now wheelchair bound and unable to speak , and Senior Chief Petty Officer Jimmy Hatch , a Navy SEAL who suffered a serious leg wound that required multiple surgeries , as evidence .
Defense lawyers argue that Bergdahl is n't directly responsible for their injuries . They also say the Army is partly responsible because they allowed him to enlist after he was discharged from Coast Guard basic training for having “ adjustment disorder with depression. ” He was later diagnosed with schizotypal personality disorder .
Bergdahl was released in May 2014 , after President Obama made the controversial decision to trade five Guantánamo Bay detainees for his return . Defense lawyers previously tried to argue that Bergdahl could not receive a fair trial after President Trump called him a “ dirty rotten traitor ” and publicly called for his execution on several occasions . Colonel Nance said Trump 's remarks were “ disturbing , ” but did not warrant dismissing the charges .
In a newly released interview filmed by a British filmmaker last year , Bergdahl criticized Trump . “ We may as well go back to kangaroo courts and lynch mobs that got what they wanted , ” Bergdahl says . “ The people who want to hang me — you 're never going to convince those people . ”
He also responded to the rumors that he fought against the U.S. alongside members of the Taliban , which military officials say are false . “ You know , it 's just insulting , frankly , ” Bergdahl said . “ It 's very insulting , the idea that they would think I did that . ”
Retired Army specialist Cody Full , who was in Bergdahl 's platoon in Afghanistan , told CNN that he still faults him for putting “ thousands and thousands of people 's lives at risk . ”
“ He was a coward nine years ago when he deserted , and I think he showed he 's still a coward , ” Full said . “ He refuses to take responsibility for his actions . ”
The student 's attorney showed NBC Philadelphia surveillance video he says is from the Oct. 30 , 2009 incident .
A star football player for Frankford High was allegedly chased down , held down and beaten by truancy officers when he showed up late for classes one morning , according to the Philadelphia Daily News .
Jeffione Thomas was hospitalized with cuts , bruises and broken blood vessels on his face and missed three games after the alleged beating .
`` My jaw still hurts when I eat , '' Thomas told the paper .
Thomas ' friends and family say he overslept and was walking into school late on Oct. 29 when two school officers told him to get into a truancy van . Thomas said , `` I 'm already late , '' according to friends , and walked into the school .
Caught on Tape : Alleged Officer Beating of Frankford Student
His grandmother , who says she watched a school surveillance tape , said the officers ran inside the school after him .
One officer 's accused of holding Thomas down while the other officer hit the teen , according to an email the school 's Athletic Director sent to Superintendent Arlene Ackerman . The email asks Ackerman , `` Please , as our leader , make sure that this student 's beating is not washed over with untruths and that the bully that did this is not allowed to do it to some other child . ''
The email says the officers ' `` use of extreme force was uncalled for . ''
Caught on Tape : Student 's Story of Alleged Beating
The attorney for Frankford High School student and football player , Jeff Thomas , recounts what they say happened the day Thomas was allegedly beaten by truancy officers at school after showing up late for class . The Oct. 30 , 2009 incident was caught on tape by a surveillance camera inside the school foyer . ( Published Wednesday , Dec. 16 , 2009 )
The teen ended up being charged with assault . His attorney plans to ask the D.A . to look into the case .
`` We believe the truant officers completely overreacted , '' Fortunato Perri said .
Thomas , 18 , spent time at a school for troubled kids after run-ins with the law about three years ago , but had turned life around , according to his grandmother .
Caught on Tape : Did Student Throw the First Blow ?
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Tokyo
Sharing the faith - and a beer - in a smoky Tokyo bar
In societies where life is busier than ever , where cities are swelling and families dispersed , the religious rituals of yesterday do not seem so relevant .
But in Japan , a group of Buddhist monks are trying to change that . They have secured a regular spot at a jazz bar where they seek to enlighten and entertain .
Chippie Sound Music Bar is tiny and full of smoke - not incense , though , but cigarette smoke . This is a bar after all .
There is cold beer on tap and a cool crooner on the stereo .
It 's amazing . The Shomyo sounded great . I feel really relaxed
Bar visitor
This is not normally where you would expect to find a trio of monks .
But Hogen Natori and his two friends believe this is as good a place as any to spread the word about Buddhism .
As they make their way to the stage they ring a small bell . The small crowd falls silent .
Then the chanting begins and strangely haunting melodies fill the space .
It is Shomyo chanting , a style of Buddhist chant found only in Japan .
Warm response
This is what you might call `` Buddhism-lite '' though . It is performance , not preaching .
After their first session on the stage , which lasts about 20 minutes , they sit down with the audience for a drink and a chat .
Come and join us . We are telling people what Buddhism is , what monks are
Hogen Natori
One of the monks gets a bag of balloons out of his pocket and starts sculpting balloon flowers for some of the older ladies sitting around the room .
`` Many Japanese do n't want to come to temple , '' Hogen Natori says . He is standing behind the bar where he has lit up a cigarette as he chats with the drinkers .
`` They think Buddhism is very difficult , and deep and serious , but Buddhism is much more than that - exciting , funny even . I want to spread this kind of teaching . ''
He feels people are more receptive in a bar , when they are drinking and with friends .
Relaxing sounds
He gets a warm response from the crowd .
Some are a little older than you might normally expect to find in a bar like this , but they are clearly charmed by the younger monks .
`` It was wonderful , '' says one woman .
`` It was my first time but I am really glad I came to listen to it . The chanting itself was superb and so close by . It was wonderful . ''
The monks have faced criticism of their decision to perform in bars
Another first-timer was similarly impressed . `` It 's amazing , '' he said . `` The Shomyo sounded great . I feel really relaxed . ''
The monks say that their decision to perform in bars like this has upset some Buddhists . One woman told them they should not `` lower themselves '' in this way .
`` What do you say to your critics ? '' I ask Hogen Natori .
`` Come and join us , '' he replies . `` We are telling people what Buddhism is , what monks are .
`` When people hear our chants they look relieved , '' he adds . `` How nice ! ''
Then it is time to get back on stage for the second half .
Again silence , and then again the haunting chants of a bygone age , the three shaven-headed monks in their grey robes kneeling in front of us , sharing their faith with the drinkers .
MAR 26 2015 BY MIKE ANTHONY
Of course , without a charging network , there 's like to be few electric cars on the roads . To facilitate the sales/use of EVs , Malaysia will install 300 public charging stations this year alone .
As FMT News reports :
“ A National Electric Mobility Action Plan has been approved to promote and encourage use of electric vehicles in public transport , create a charging station infrastructure for electric vehicles and develop local electric mobility technology . ”
This is according to Malaysia 's energy minister Dr. Maximus Ongkili .
The cost of this project is claimed to be ~ RM 5 million dollars ( $ 1,351,534 USD ) .
Ongkili 's vision is that this , along with other green technology plans , will have a value of RM60 billion by 2030 . In the process , the green plans will create 211,500 jobs by 2030 .
Source : FMT news .
Today , Merchoid unveiled their Batman V. Superman : Dawn of Justice merchandise -- officially licensed by Warner Brothers -- that includes t-shirts , hats and bags inspired by the upcoming film .
`` Some of the shirts depict Batman , Superman and Wonder Woman in battle-ready poses , while others incorporate the new , chunkier , Batman and Superman logos from the upcoming films , '' Merchoid 's website states . `` Several of the shirts are printed using a sublimated ‘ allover ' technique , which allows the print to cover the entire shirt , leading to a much larger graphic design . ''
Check out a sample of their merchandise below and see the full-collection in our gallery at the bottom of the page . In Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice , fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked , Gotham City 's own formidable , forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis 's most revered , modern-day savior , while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs . And with Batman and Superman at war with one another , a new threat quickly arises , putting mankind in greater danger than it 's ever known before .
This article is over 1 year old
Fears children could miss out on crucial early intervention services amid reports of families waiting 18 months for help
The national disability insurance scheme has become “ faceless ” , inaccessible , and risks causing children to miss out on crucial early intervention services , an inquiry has heard .
Successive witnesses have told a parliamentary inquiry into the NDIS that the scheme 's rollout had been marred by its inadequacies , including poor resourcing , a lack of expertise and significant delays in accessing support .
The inquiry spent Tuesday morning hearing evidence about the NDIS approach to early intervention early childhood support , which is targeted at young children with a disability or developmental delays .
NDIS in crisis , say disability groups as complaints soar Read more
One Victorian-based early intervention provider , Kalparrin , warned that the system had become inaccessible , impersonal and rigid in its interactions with families and services .
“ This sector is about human services , ” said Kalparrin 's chief executive , Mark Baigent . “ It 's about personal connection , it 's about relationship building , it 's about empowering humans to make decisions about their own futures .
“ What we 've found with the majority of our clients … what they have come up against is a highly systemised , highly protective and very difficult to engage with system , based on telephone calls and rigid procedures , which is the exact opposite of the very sector that the scheme is designed to service . ”
A Kalparrin team manager , Teigan Leonard , gave an example to the inquiry . She said her local NDIS office did not have a phone number .
For a family to contact someone about their plan , they had to dial a general 1800 number , ask that an email be sent to their planner and wait for a call that sometimes never came .
“ It 's quite a vicious circle in that regard , and certainly that 's been our experience , ” Baigent said . “ We live 800 metres from our office and we spend 99 % of our time speaking to an office in South Australia . ”
Witnesses warned of high turnover within the national disability insurance agency . Staff responsible for planning an individual 's support package – whose expertise varied from high to non-existent – were changing with alarming frequency , the inquiry heard .
The inquiry heard of delays of up to 18 months in accessing services .
Baigent said “ financial intermediaries ” were holding back funds that had been approved for participants . That left service providers out of pocket for long stretches , in some cases more than three months .
“ Our current example of that is that Kalparrin is owed some $ 37,000 from financial intermediaries for services it ran 90 days ago , ” Baigent said .
The NDIS approach to children aged six or younger relies on a series of early childhood partner organisations , who first assess children 's needs and either refer them for longer-term NDIS support , provide them with some short-term early intervention , or connect them with other support in the local area .
But there is considerable concern that the system will cause many children to miss out .
Disability service providers warn NDIS pricing could force them to shut down Read more
Children and Young People with Disability Australia , a representative body for 5,300 individuals aged 25 and under , warned the inquiry of a funding gap .
“ There is real concern amongst many families that their children will receive less support once the NDIS rolls out in their area , with funding being withdrawn from existing state- and territory-based services , ” said its chief executive , Stephanie Gotlib .
“ Other families say that the process of accessing effective services and support has been an uphill battle because there is a lack of recognition and acknowledgement of the concerns that they have about their child 's development . ”
Delays were a significant concern , Gotlib said . She had reports of some families waiting 18 months to access services .
Other reports suggested there was simply not enough funding to meet the demand .
“ I totally took advantage of that meow , ” she said .
Little is known of Imando 's biography except that he was found in College Point , Queens . Kittens turn up unattended , in vacant lots , in building basements , in parks , all over the city , for a variety of reasons , Ms. Bravo said .
“ If a mom is moving a litter very hastily , she may leave one behind , ” she said , “ like if she 's scared of a predator or if people are threatening her nesting place . Or he may be the only survivor from his litter . ”
Kittens come to the nursery as young as one day old , usually through the city shelter system . They are evaluated medically and then spend up to two weeks in quarantine . After kittens eat on their own , they move to the “ peewee ” unit , where their keepers prepare them for adoption by getting them used to being handled .
A volunteer named Kelelyn Lemay demonstrated some of her techniques on Yoshi , an orange-striped 6-week-old .
“ We basically want to pet him and talk to him and let him know people are A-O.K. , ” Ms. Lemay said . “ You can squeeze his little toes like this — that will make it easier to trim his nails later . You massage his scruff and his little ears . This all helps ensure that he knows that people are good . ”
Crime news ( Photo : The Register )
Those extra charges on credit cards can be really annoying .
That 's apparently what got Lemar M. Davis into a fight with staff at Gumby 's Pizza early Friday morning .
Iowa City Police said that Davis , 27 , of 203 Myrtle Ave. in Iowa City was upset about a 50-cent charge that had been added to his bill after a purchase . Davis originally called Gumby 's to complain , but at 2:58 a.m. he showed up in person at the restaurant and became involved in a fight , according to police .
Davis allegedly tried to go behind the counter in Gumby 's and in the process `` took multiple swings at a delivery driver and spit and hit a different employee , '' police said .
He refused to leave the building when asked by staff , but when police caught up with him Davis was running west away from the restaurant . He displayed signs of intoxication and admitted to drinking , police said .
Davis has been charged with assault , a serious misdemeanor , and public intoxication and trespass , both simple misdemeanors . If convicted , he could spend a year and 60 days in prison .
Reach Stephen Gruber-Miller at 319-887-5407 or sgrubermil @ press-citizen.com . Follow him at @ sgrubermiller .
Read or Share this story : http : //icp-c.com/1RBlzjV
WHEN moviegoers last saw the stoic young Israeli Army officer Yossi , he had lost a fellow soldier in a botched ambush along the mountainous , snow-covered border of Lebanon . Yossi stood by silently as a young woman told the mother of the dead soldier , named Jagger , that she had been his girlfriend , a fantasy that might have brought some comfort to the bereaved parents . But Yossi alone knew the truth : He had been Jagger 's lover .
Ten years later this survivor from the director Eytan Fox 's groundbreaking 2002 Israeli film , “ Yossi & Jagger , ” is back in “ Yossi , ” opening in New York on Friday .
During the decade since the first film came out , the treatment of gay and lesbian Israelis has undergone a liberalizing transformation , and the country 's cinema has experienced a creative renaissance . Mr. Fox has been a central figure in both cases .
In much the way that “ Will & Grace ” and “ Modern Family ” have been credited with advancing the cultural acceptance of gay men and lesbians in the United States , Mr. Fox 's films anticipated societal change by being the first to portray gay Israeli men in everyday situations and free of stereotypes .
Barcelona name squad
By Football Italia staff
Barcelona have named the squad which will face Juventus in the Champions League final , with Andres Iniesta included .
The Spanish midfielder had been a slight doubt for the game after picking up an injury in the Copa Del Rey final , but travels as part of the 26-man squad .
The party is made up of 23 first team players , with Lionel Messi , Luis Suarez and Xavi all making the trip to Berlin , with three youngsters also included .
Munir El Haddadi , Sandro Ramirez and Sergi Samper will travel to Germany alongside their more renowned teammates .
Barcelona squads to face Juventus : Ter Stegen , Bravo , Masip , Alves , Douglas , Montoya , Pique , Mascherano , Mathieu , Bartra , Vermaelen , Adriano , Alba , Busquets , Samper , Rakitic , Xavi , Iniesta , Sergi Roberto , Iniesta , Rafinha , Pedro , Messi , Munir , Suarez , Sandro , Neymar
SEOUL , South Korea — North Korea seized a South Korean squidding boat in waters near their eastern sea border , the South Korean Coast Guard said Sunday , straining already high tensions between the two Koreas .
The 41-ton boat was believed to have been detained after entering the North 's exclusive economic zone , where foreign fishing boats are banned , the coast guard said in a statement .
There was no immediate confirmation from North Korea that its forces had impounded the squidding vessel . But the North Korean government , angry over an ambitious South Korean naval exercise due to end Monday , had said it would respond with “ strong physical retaliation ” and had warned civilian vessels to stay clear of the maritime border between the two Koreas .
Four South Koreans and three Chinese crew members were aboard the squidding vessel , the Daeseung 55 .
When South Korean fisheries authorities contacted a crewman on the boat by satellite phone on Sunday afternoon , he said that the boat was being towed to Songjin , a port on the eastern coast of North Korea , for interrogation of the crew . Then the communication was cut off , coast guard officials said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Our government hopes for the safe return of our ship and crew according to international laws , ” the coast guard 's statement said .
The so-called electromagnetic ( EM ) drive , which is loosely connected to NASA , is a hypothetical form of spacefaring propulsion that uses microwaves in a small chamber in order to produce thrust . Some in the media have mischievously claimed that this drive will actually be able to reach speeds wherein it will warp space and time around it .
So , has NASA really invented a warp drive ? No , of course it has n't – but that wo n't stop it being peer reviewed , according to a comment made by one of its chief architects on the NASA Spaceflight forum last week . Among all the cloak-and-dagger mystery surrounding the EM drive , a study written about it may have been sent out to a journal for some rigorous scientific examination .
There 's been a lot of controversy surrounding this drive . Back in 2011 , NASA announced that they were implementing an advanced propulsion physics laboratory . Colloquially known as “ Eagleworks , ” it was designed to look into the possibilities of constructing systems capable of sending humans to the furthest , deepest , darkest regions of space .
One of the projects to emerge from this is the EM drive . The NASA-based group claimed there was a way to use microwaves to fire a craft through space without needing a heavy propellant . Not only does this mechanism appear to upend certain physical laws , but additional claims were made all across the wilderness of the Internet that during the testing of the drive , the researchers noticed that the fabric of space was being warped around it – hence , the “ warp drive. ” NASA , perturbed by all these rumors , actually came out and said that they 're not working on a warp drive .
The laws of physics are notoriously hard to break . Markus Gann/Shutterstock
Generating thrust without a propellant breaks the law of the conservation of momentum ; with no pushback by any sort of propellant , you ca n't get thrust . Claiming you can is like saying you can get to the Moon by just sitting in a tin can and leaning against the front end of it from the inside – believe it or not , this wo n't work . So how on Earth this mechanism could hope to generate faster-than-light travel , then , is anyone 's guess .
Nevertheless , Paul March , one of the Eagleworks researchers , recently claimed that they have still somehow developed a propellant-lacking thrust system in a space-like vacuum . Unfortunately , there were n't any peer reviewed studies to back this up , and to date , there has been absolutely no confirmation that the EM drive has broken the laws of physics .
However , responding to a thread discussing the fate of Eagleworks and the EM drive , March told NASA Spaceflight forum users to “ please have patience about when our next EM paper is going to be published. ” He then noted that “ peer reviews are glacially slow , ” which could imply that one of their papers is currently undergoing the peer review process .
Without any additional information , it 's completely uncertain as to what Eagleworks researchers may or may not have been discovered , and what may be described in this EM drive study . Watch this space , but as always , remain skeptical – it 's not easy to generate thrust without a propellant or break the speed of light , after all .
The Queensferry Crossing will open by mid-May 2017 - five months late , economy secretary Keith Brown told MSPs today .
Mr Brown confirmed reports the bridge , which will cost up to £1.35 billion , would not be completed on schedule by the end of the year because of bad weather hampering construction .
He said it would be finished within the contractual completion date of June 2017 and the extra cost would be borne by the private sector contractors rather than the taxpayer .
This includes an extra 100 workers being taken on and longer working hours introduced to make up for lost time .
The setback has come despite a one-year contingency being included in the five-year construction project to allow for bad weather .
It will come as embarrassment to the Scottish Government , whose Transport Scotland agency has prided itself on getting other major roads projects like the M80 and M74 extension completed on time or early .
Mr Brown said the private sector consortium Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors ( FCBC ) told Transport Scotland last week it could not achieve the “ target ” opening date of December .
He said despite a series of bad weather delays since September , the consortium had believed until last month it could complete the job by then .
Mr Brown said : “ However the impact of the weather in April and May was particularly severe , with 13 days and 12 days lost to weather respectively .
“ As a result , FCBC have advised Ministers that due to the combined effects of the time lost in these two months , they can no longer deliver the December 2016 target opening date for the structure . ”
The cabinet secretary said he had been assured during a site visit in March that the project was on schedule .
He said : “ The contractors have now reached the stage where further additional resources will not bring the delivery date forward due to the complex technical nature of the construction work , which means that a complex sequence of operations must be used to complete this innovative structure .
“ At this stage , the programme shows the Queensferry Crossing is now expected to be open by mid-May 2017 , prior to the contractual completion date of mid-June 2017 .
“ We will continue to work closely with the contractors and I will personally ensure that every pressure and every resource is brought to bear to deliver or indeed to better this date . ”
Mr Brown added : “ The December 2016 target date was set to address concerns about the long term condition of the Forth Road Bridge , where it was originally believed that it would be restricted as early as 2017 .
“ These concerns have proven to be less immediate , and the recently installed structural health monitoring system is providing assurance on the ability of the bridge to sustain traffic . ”
VIDEO : Spectacular drone footage of Queensferry Crossing
Mid Scotland and Fife Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser said : “ This is very disappointing news for people on both sides of the bridge .
“ They were continually told by the Scottish Government that this project was ahead of schedule and would soon be up and running .
“ Now we find this is not the case , so the SNP must now give an exact date when this will be completed by .
“ We saw the sheer disruption caused to people and businesses when the existing Forth Road Bridge was closed over Christmas .
“ It 's essential we know whether or not the patch-and-mend approach taken at that point will be enough to ensure it can cope until the Queensferry Crossing opens . ”
Scottish Labour deputy leader Alex Rowley said : “ Today 's announcement will be greeted with disappointment in Fife and beyond .
“ As someone who has campaigned for a new crossing for decades , whilst the delay is disappointing , we need to keep it in perspective and make clear this new bridge is good news for Fife , good news for the east of Scotland , indeed good news for the whole of the Scottish economy .
“ That is why it is important that minsters do not announce unrealistic deadlines and it is crucial there is full transparency in this project . ”
The Scotsman 's EU Referendum page : Keep up to date with the latest news , polls and features .
DOWNLOAD THE SCOTSMAN APP ON ITUNES OR GOOGLE PLAY
advertisement advertisement
Bioware is one of those companies . Like Blizzard , they 're respected and combined with the Knights of the Old Republic intellectual property , they 're undoubtedly going to sell millions of copies of Star Wars : The Old Republic . It would be easy then for them to slack off and make “ WoW in Space , ” but based on what they showed at E3 , they 're not taking the easy way out at all .
“ No one has made [ story ] the central pillar of the game as we have , ” explained Senior Producer Dallas Dickenson during their lavish E3 presentation . “ Story drives choice and choice drives action . ”
The Old Republic looks and feels far more like a single player RPG than an MMO . The quests they showed could have been straight out of Mass Effect . They were fully voice acted – in fact the entirety of The Old Republic is voiced – and cinematic in nature . This includes the player character , who responds with a dialogue wheel , virtually identical to the on Bioware used in Mass Effect .
The dialogue choices people make are important too . The entire E3 demo was set up to make each group through take a divergent path .
In each demo , they 'd run through a quest on screen . The players , on the dark side , were on a ship that had been ordered to undertake a very dangerous , likely suicidal mission . The captain of the ship had refused , so the players were tasked with changing his mind .
Through dialogue , the players could either try to convince the Captain to do the right thing and listen to his superiors , or just simply kill him and take over the ship .
Each group had to decide whether to kill or convince the Captain and according to the Bioware guys , this totally changed the course of what happened next . Of course , they only showed each one side . In our group , people voted to spare the captain ( I did n't ! ) and he was convinced to change course and enter the battle , which eventually led to a nice duel with a Jedi .
While the dialogue system looks and feels a lot like Mass Effect , it is important to note that it is expanded for MMOs . In that demonstration , there were two members in the group and both had chances to talk , and presumably shape the outcome of the conversation . They 've made dialogue multiplayer .
Dickenson began the presentation by explaining four pillars to making a good game . Three of them have been nailed , he said . Most games have RPG style combat , exploration and character progression down perfectly . The fourth neglected pillar is story .
Bioware wants to make a game that makes the players feel like they 're a part of something . It 's a game that they hope will have an emotional impact on its players .
These are a lot of buzzwords not often used by MMO companies . It was good to hear .
Dickenson half joked that in response to the often asked question of why they 're not making Knights of the Old Republic 3 , they say they are… and 4 , and 5 and 6 , and 7 .
In The Old Republic , each class essentially has its own epic , fully voiced storyline to follow through their development arc . In effect , each class had become its own game within the game . They wanted to make sure classes like the Smuggler had a story that fit that class , not just appropriate hot bar abilities .
That 's not to say the game is all about story and forgetting those mechanics . The Smuggler , a new class first revealed at E3 , for example plays much differently than the one line description of a ranged class . The Smuggler , modeled after the Han Solo style , has an extensive cover system . This is represented by boxes that appear throughout the world . When stood in , it gives him some protection and allows him to fire around corners without being exposed . It looks and feels like how people should remember Han 's gun battles .
Artistically , they also seem to have raised the bar . The game looks a bit like Clone Wars . It is a stylized realism , that is by no means a cartoon , but not exactly photo realistic either .
The movement is what really sold it for me , though . This is n't a game with two guys smacking each other in the face with light sabers . The combat looks fast and both sides will parry each other 's blows as iconic sparks fly . The fights end logically too . It 's not just a final smack followed by a death animation . When the guy dies that last blow clearly killed him .
It is still , at its core , an RPG mechanic driven experience , but it looks and sounds a lot like a Star Wars movie . It 's a neat trick , but from what they showed , they 've caught the feeling .
Of course , they also plan to do all the regular MMOish stuff . There will be PvP , raiding , guilds , crafting , etc . But that was n't why they had everyone into that room . They wanted to show us that they 've made a game that looks and feels like Star Wars . It 's epic , it 's full of story and it 's online .
I 've seen literally hundreds of demonstrations and presentations over the years at E3 , so it 's far too soon to tell if they 've really pulled this off , but Bioware is saying all the right things . They 're making a game that , while rooted in what people love about MMOs , adds a truly Bioware experience . If their execution matches the rhetoric , this is easily the most surefire hit shown at E3 this year .
Vernon Hills students join their Muslim peers in wearing hijabs
hello
Vernon Hills High School senior Yasmeen Abdallah , who is a Muslim , carefully wrapped the traditional hijab around the head of junior Charli Mosley while she explained its purpose .
`` You ca n't really understand or judge a person and their beliefs until you understand why they do it and what it 's like for them to do what they 're doing , '' explained Abdallah , who is the president of the school 's Muslim Student Association .
The `` Walk a Mile in Her Hijab '' event Wednesday , hosted by the 10-member organization , was designed to allow non-Muslim female students the opportunity to wear the head covering and gain a better understanding of the Muslim faith . `` This event is to hopefully denounce negative stereotypes , '' Abdallah said .
Abdallah said the event was a good experience , one she hopes will become an annual event . A lot of the girls got positive feedback from other students and benefited from the experience , she said , despite one unknown male student who told a non-Muslim girl to take off the hijab as he passed in the hall .
Six members of the group spent the morning placing hijabs on 17 non-Muslim girls who wanted to participate in the project . They also talked about the meaning of the hijab and facets of the Muslim religion to students who approached them .
The hijab is a head covering worn by Muslim girls and women as a form of modesty with the belief it is commanded by God in the Quran , Islam 's holy text .
Teachers and students at the school were encouraged to ask questions about the hijab when they came across a student wearing one .
`` I wanted to learn more about the religion , considering my uncle is also Muslim , '' Mosley said while wearing a red hijab . `` With more people wearing a hijab around school , it could bring more acceptance to the religion and have more people become more aware . ''
The event was planned last May and was not in response to recent terrorists attacks in Paris or California , organizers said .
Principal Jon Guillaume said Muslim Student Association members have told him they have been treated with respect at the school .
Guillaume expressed his admiration for the Muslim students , who he said have long searched for a way to communicate who they are and their experiences .
`` I think it is a difficult time to be a Muslim student in our high school , in our community , and in America , '' he said . `` I think this is an opportunity for our kids to embrace the Muslim community within the school . For other kids outside of this organization , to understanding what it 's like for these girls to walk through our halls in this garment in a way that stands out from other kids . So , I 'm proud of them . ''
The work of more than 50 United States intelligence analysts , regarding ISIS and Al Qaeda in Syria , has been altered by senior officials , reported the Daily Beast . The reports are being doctored to create a positive narrative about America 's progress in the Middle East .
After several complaints , the Pentagon 's inspector general will open an investigation into the allegations . The Daily Beast noted that the many complaints “ suggests there are deep-rooted , systemic problems in how the U.S. military command . . . assesses intelligence . ”
Two senior analysts at CENTCOM signed and sent a written complaint alleging that intelligence reports were altered to make terrorist groups look weaker than they actually are . CENTCOM officials at the top falsified the reports to create the storyline that America 's efforts against ISIS and Al Qaeda 's Syrian branch have been successful .
Analysts with the Pentagon , who have complained about the changes , say the outlook in Syria is more grim than what the Obama administration insists . They say that top commanders are trying to put a positive spin on the conflict to advance their careers .
Warning : This post is rude , crude and lewd . Reader discretion is advised .
Friends , if you 're having trouble with women I have the answer for you .
If you 're reading online about how to pick up and keep women I have the answer for you .
If you 've been getting the run around from Sally-Jane down the street I have the answer for you .
If you have n't been laid in a year I have the answer for you .
If you 're girlfriend is withholding sex I have the answer for you .
If you have a hard time keeping women around I have the answer for you .
It 's not going to be the answer you think it is and it is n't pretty .
How to pick up and attract women is on sale by charlatans all over the internet but I 'm going to give it to you for free .
It 's got nothing to do with being a better man , it 's got nothing to do with getting in the gym and building muscles , and it 's got nothing to do with pick-up artist or ‘ game ' baloney .
There is 1 rule above all others that must be followed if you wish to have undying affection , attention and love from women .
Now , before I give you the holy grail I want you to do something for me . I want you to be completely honest with yourself about what you want in a woman . It will make this process a whole lot easier .
A lot of guys have been bamboozled by TV and magazines and schooling and a whole bunch of other nonsense . Some guys actually believe they want a “ strong , independent ” sassy woman . Rather , they want you to believe that 's what they want . They 're scared that if they admit the truth then women will no longer like them .
The truth is that men love women who are demure , feminine , and polite . Women have it twisted , they think that being a nasty bitch is the same thing as being honest and true .
The unfortunate thing is that a lot of guys let women get away with this nasty behavior , in hopes of getting some sex .
These guys let women pretend to be strong and independent . Friend , those are male traits , those are n't female traits and they never will be .
If you wanted “ just one of the guys ” you 'd be a homosexual , not a straight man . You want a girl . You want a girl who is n't ashamed of being a girl . Men love femininity . We do n't like women who act like men . And the guys still pretending got to give this BS a rest .
Women want to make men happy . Once you realize that , you can forget about the nonsense of equality . The “ fight for equality ” is nothing more than a war between the sexes .
Now that you are honest with yourself it makes what I 'm about to tell you that much easier to put into action . Once you stop believing in that baloney it 's going to turn you into a testosterone machine irresistible to women and girls .
Let me be clear about something : The rule I 'm about to give you works for all women , from the sassy , independent sex and the city wannabe 's to the good ol ' country girls raised in the church to the girls from a 3rd world country to girls from outer space and beyond .
This is the only thing you ever have to do to a ) Get women and b ) Keep women .
If you read online about how to pick-up women you 're always going to read about alpha males and beta males . An Alpha male is the top dog and beta males collect the scraps . Bunch of nincompoops will write pages and pages about “ being Alpha ” but none of them will ever boil it down to what it really means .
Well , today I am going to tell you exactly what makes an Alpha Male . It ai n't : looks , money , social skills , leadership abilities , social status , height or anything else . These things matter but they are n't # 1 .
This is n't a nice piece of advice but it is the 100 % unadulterated truth .
If you follow all other ways to become attractive to women but ignore this advice you will fail .
Here is the only piece of advice you will ever need to attract and keep women :
BE SELFISH .
That 's it . It takes a selfish man to have a woman or women completely devoted to his happiness .
Alpha simply means ‘ to be selfish ' . And women love selfish men .
An Alpha is completely unafraid of being selfish .
Alpha literally means ‘ first ' . It 's a selfish ‘ me-first ' attitude .
What does an alpha Lion do ? He sits around while the women go out and hunt for him . When they bring the food back what does the alpha Lion do ? He eats first . Pretty selfish , huh ?
The Lion does n't tolerate others eating before him . The best food is his . The alpha Lion does n't let other , lesser males mate with his pride . The Lion does n't act in a fair and noble manner . The Alpha Lion does n't raise other Lion 's children . He 's selfish . And because he is selfish , the Lionesses do everything to make him happy .
Now , I know a lot of guys will say “ man , that 's a real douchebag thing to say ! ” to which I only have one reply : I hope you enjoy jacking off .
Political incorrectness does not make something false .
Women line up for the selfish men . Women run as fast as they can from the guys who are n't selfish .
It takes a delusional mind to think that women want a nice guy who brings them flowers and compliments their beauty and does everything to make them happy .
The man is the leader . That 's all there is to it . When the man is most concerned with her happiness , guess what she is most concerned about . That 's right , she is most concerned with her happiness .
When you are most concerned with your happiness guess what she is most concerned about . Right again , she is concerned about your happiness .
She takes her cues from you – never forget that .
A woman with an unselfish man , one who will do everything for her , is like a dog with a weak owner . The dog is unhappy because it has no boundaries or rules . The owner is unhappy because the dog acts like an asshole . When the dog has a firm owner and knows its boundaries it is a whole lot happier , and the owner is happy because he 's got himself a loving , obedient dog .
When a woman has herself a man who sets boundaries on her she is a whole lot happier .
Does this sound familiar ?
“ What the heck does she see in him ? He 's such a prick ! She 's way too good for him ! If she was with me I 'd treat her like a princess ! ”
That 's exactly why she will never ever be with guys who say this nonsense . She does n't want to date a giant faggot . She wants to date a selfish alpha . She wants to be with him and make him happy .
She 's disgusted by the thought of someone wanting to treat her like a princess and groveling for her affection . A selfish alpha simply demands her affection . If she does n't give it there are a whole lot more women who will .
If your brain works properly then you have noticed that women who are completely , head over heels in love are never in love with a “ super nice guy ” . They 're in love with guys who are selfish .
If you treat women like women they 'll sit around in skimpy outfits feeding you grapes . If you treat women like men you 'll get nothing but an earful about how unfairly she is treated and how you need to respect her and then she 's gon na go out and get fucked by a selfish alpha who treats her like a woman . Do you get it yet ?
So what do you have to do to get women ?
You got to get rid of the nice guy act . Just do what you want to do , when you want to do it and do n't put up with bullshit .
Only be concerned with what you want .
Be completely , unapologetically selfish .
It 's your way or the highway .
Learn your new favorite word : “ no ” .
If she does something you do n't like then you be selfish and tell her .
Never , ever pretend that what she did is ok. Never pretend that she is an Angel who can do no wrong . If she 's acting like a bitch tell her to stop acting like a bitch . If she cooked food that does n't taste good then tell her it is n't good . If she looks fat in that dress tell her she looks fat . Lying to protect her feelings only makes her delusional about what is and is n't acceptable .
Never pretend that she is a man or “ just one of the guys ” . She 's a woman . When you treat her like a woman she 's gon na act like a woman .
Let me tell you something that most people are afraid to say : Women are chameleons . They will change themselves for a man . That 's a woman 's nature . It does n't make her a bad person .
She wants to change into the woman you want her to be . Let her . Help her . You are n't doing her any favors by encouraging bad behavior , but you are doing her a big favor when you act like a man who knows exactly what he wants – and gets it .
What would a selfish man do ?
Would he take turns doing the dishes ? No .
Would he accompany her to her co-workers wedding ? No .
Would he grovel and beg for forgiveness for anything ? No .
Would he massage her shoulders for an hour ? No .
Would he feel bad about being such an asshole ? No .
Would he put up with bitchy behavior ? No .
Would he take her silly tests seriously ? No .
Would he be ok with her seeing other guys ? No .
Would he forgive her for betraying him ? No .
Would he spend 3 months salary on a ring ? No .
Would he put up with flaky behavior ? No .
Would he take her out to a fancy dinner on the first date ? No .
Would he say “ please can you bring me a water sweetie “ ? No . He says “ bring me a water “ .
Is he scared that if he is n't nice enough she will leave him for someone better ? No .
Is he afraid to show her the door if she does n't act the way he wants ? No .
Would he use her as a tool for his own happiness ? Yes .
Would she love him with all of her heart and soul ? You better believe it .
Would she stay with him if he turned into a super nice guy who put her happiness first ? Sure . For a while . But she 'd be getting sexed on the side by a selfish lover .
Guys – women were put on this earth to make selfish men happy . Not the other way around . You can be a liar and pretend it is n't so , and drive her away in the process , or you can act like a man , a winner , and let her make you happy . She can become a part of your world or you can become part of her world . The choice is yours .
PS – This is how you be a man – Follow this routine religiously : 30 Days of Discipline
Presidential Candidate Rep. Ron Paul recently made national headlines with his assertion that the September 11 , 2001 terrorists attacks were essentially the United States ' own fault for its role in occupying foreign lands .
As Paul explained ,
`` Though it is hard for many to believe , honest studies show that the real motivation behind the September 11 attacks and the vast majority of other instances of suicide terrorism is not that our enemies are bothered by our way of life . Neither is it our religion , nor our wealth . Rather , it is primarily occupation ... imagine for a moment how you would feel if another country forcibly occupied the United States , had military bases and armed soldiers present in our hometowns . ''
Of course , Paul is right that controversial foreign policies can produce widespread resentment and anger . Pew Research Center surveys indicate that tens of millions of people around the world oppose U.S.-led anti-terrorism efforts .
However , the annual number of suicide attacks around the world is only about 300 . There is a fundamental psychological difference between the millions of people who hate U.S. policies and the very few who are willing to commit acts of murder-suicide .
Studies of suicide terrorists have shown that these attackers ' primary motivation is usually not political anger , or even political ideology at all . More commonly , these individuals are struggling with severe personal crises and suicidal tendencies . Psychological assessments of preemptively arrested suicide bombers in Palestine found that more than 50 percent were depressed and 40 percent were suicidal . As one suicide terrorist admitted , he was willing to serve terrorist leaders for his own reasons , but not because he shared their priorities . `` I thought hard and decided to accept their offer to carry out an act of itishhad [ martyrdom ] , not because I belonged to the organization , but to realize my wish to die . ''
Furthermore , the sole academic study Paul cites to support his own political agenda is remarkably flawed . It purports to have proven that more than 95 percent of all suicide attacks are in response to foreign occupation . That sounds very impressive -- as does its authors ' claim to have analyzed 2,200 separate suicide terrorism incidents since 1980 . But the reality is that in many of these cases , scholars Robert Pape and James Feldman knew nothing about the individual terrorists except their gender and attack location . Given that lack of depth , it is professionally irresponsible -- not to mention inaccurate -- to claim knowledge of these attackers ' motives . In addition , Pape has a very questionable reputation in the academic community : his prior book on suicide terrorism was ripped by fellow scholars for having a number of glaring logical flaws .
While it 's true that suicide terrorism attacks against U.S. forces increased after the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan , this does not necessarily mean that bad foreign policy is to blame . After all , any policy -- good or bad , peaceful or aggressive -- which brings hundreds of thousands of U.S. personnel closer to the terrorist organizations sworn to kill them is likely to increase attack rates . The undeniable fact is that it 's easier to attack someone five miles away than five thousand . But of course , even if it makes U.S. personnel safer , this does not necessarily mean that they should run and hide .
For comparison 's sake , police chiefs know that the safest thing for their officers would be to never leave the station . At least in the short term , that would ensure that they never get assaulted , never get shot . But it would also give criminals free reign , and that has its own dangerous consequences .
When Paul responds to the tragedies of 9/11 by pointing the finger at U.S. foreign policy , he is engaging in the most transparent of offenses : victim-blaming . It is common for victims of violent crimes such as rape and assault to take responsibility upon themselves . It is natural for them to ask `` Why did this happen to me ? '' and `` What could I have done differently to avoid this pain and suffering ? ''
However , you do n't tell a rape victim she should have worn a different dress , kept her friends closer , or not gone jogging . You do n't tell a mugging victim he should have hidden his wristwatch , parked on a different street , or never made eye contact . You do n't say those things because doing so is cruel , unhelpful -- and most importantly -- mere speculation .
There is always a potential attacker out there who has been struggling with his or her own depression , hopelessness , guilt , shame , and rage -- no matter what you do . And there is no such thing as a risk-free life or a risk-free policy . However , in general , victimization is often a product of two things : bad luck , on the part of the victim , and malicious intent , on the part of the attacker .
In the case of 9/11 terrorist pilots Mohamed Atta , Marwan al-Shehhi , and Ziad Jarrah , it is very clear that they were not simply driven by anti-American sentiments . Previous studies have shown that it was primarily their personal problems that produced their homicidal and suicidal intent .
In addition , the bi-partisan 9/11 Commission determined that these three men originally wanted to attack Russia , not the United States . So blaming U.S. foreign policy for their actions is simply not accurate . If not for bad luck -- a chance meeting with an Al Qaeda member in Germany -- they would have likely gone to Chechnya and blown themselves up there instead .
Paul 's critics will say he went too far by essentially defending al Qaeda 's reasons for attacking the United States . But in this case , that 's the least of our problems . Much more concerning is that a decade after 9/11 , we have a presidential candidate who does n't fully understand suicide terrorism .
February 21
Get a new pilot , a new plane , and lots more at 50 % discount !
1 Pilot
1 reconnaissance light airplane
1 adjustable wrench
1 pistol
5 ribbon boosters , each with a total 24 hours boosting time ! * *
HOW TO BUY THE STARTER PILOT BUNDLE
Log in Click the Store Highlight section ( lower right corner ) that should feature the bundle Click on the bundle you want in the bundle window ( should be at the top )
February may be a short month but there 's no shortage of action at Heroes & Generals WWII . Get a massive 50 % discount * on our new Starter Pilot Bundle for a limited time only ! The discounted Pilot Bundle for your faction includes : Available now foron the total bundle value of 4550 Gold ! Go grab yourself a new Starter Pilot Bundle now ! ____________________________________________________________ * Sale ends March 4th 2019 @ 23:59 GMT * * 6 x 4 hours for each ribbon booster
A pretty excellent piece came out this weekend on me from Inc. Magazine . The reporter , David Whitford , followed me around for weeks learning my story . I was torn about telling some of the more salacious details of my story - like my trip through rehab , or being disowned by my parents . But there 's so much false information out there - I thought people should know the real one .
Being a business magazine , there 's a heavy emphasis on my business beliefs . Every word in the piece is accurate , I do believe in activism through capitalism . But , reading it I worry I come across as some money hungry monster who cares more about the bottom line than her employees .
I want to tell you in my own words what I believe , and the responsibility I feel a business has to its employees .
The simple truth is , money does n't particularly motivate me . Growing up , my family was very well off - yet my dad was a deeply unhappy man . I 've had a taste of the 1 percent - renting entire houses for trips to Disney World , dinners at ridiculously expensive restaurants . It never felt fun to me , it felt like an uncomfortable , narcissistic indulgence .
I think it 's pretty telling about me that despite my love of cars , my sister owns a Jaguar and I own a decade old Honda Accord - because I prefer to put my money into computers , which I can build things with .
This brings us to GSX . I see money as the gas that fuels the car , that lets you go places . Money is not important , only the lack of it . The truth is , I do want money - but only so I can turn around and give talented people jobs .
I think the current studio system is terrible for the rest of us . Crunch , networking in bars , sexism getting handled by petty , self-interested HR departments . It 's just not working . And you see it in the outcome , women simply leave . I was speaking at UC Irvine this week , and I spoke to two women with computer science doctorates . They told me that despite being ridiculously qualified to work in games , they would n't - the culture does n't make them feel safe .
Put simply , my goal is to give people like that the best place in the world to work .
If I had to sum up the culture of Giant Spacekat , it comes down to a single word - respect . At meetings , I make sure everyone gets a chance to have their views heard . People that dominate conversation and do n't listen to others are given the boot . One GSX employee described it as “ hyper-collaborative , ” as opposed to other studios she 'd worked at .
At GSX , people are in charge of their own tasks . There 's no micromanagement . I give you priorities , and trust you to get them done - on whatever hours you wish . If you are n't self-directed enough to get it done on your own , you get fired . This gives the rest of us the freedom to enjoy what we do without managers breathing down our neck all day .
GSX has what we call the , “ Rule of threes. ” I run our organization as flat as possible . We are all equals . Any employee of GSX can challenge another GSX employee on anything , even if it 's me . We talk about it . If we do n't agree , we bring in a third person to play tie-breaker . There is no ego . I have lost hundreds of these votes over the years , and it 's ended up making our work stronger .
As the leader , I have what I call the “ boss card , ” where I can veto feedback and end discussion . But , I recognize this has a terrible effect on morale - so I use it as sparingly as possible . And when I do , I tell my team , “ We need to go my way on this one . Next time we 'll go your way . ”
I think my team is extraordinarily awesome to women . One GSX employee had cramps one day , and needed to go lie down . There was no talking around the issue , no euphemisms or white lies . She just said what was up , we all nodded knowingly and gave her the afternoon . She got her deadlines done .
That same openness and empathy applies to parents . I regularly have women at my studio miss work for doctors appointments and sick kids . It 's not a big deal . Because we hire self-motivated people , they get their missed work done in the evenings and weekends .
Being a feminist studio , we unapologetically value diversity . If you have attitudes that make other people at the company feel uncomfortable , expect to get fired . We ruthlessly enforce our , “ No assholes ” policy .
I 'm not sure what our structure will look like going forward - but I can tell you shipping R60 , the people that made it had equity . This was n't my game , it was OUR game - and we all slaved over it for years . It felt fair to me to give them the rewards , even though my husband and I had assumed all of the risk .
The truth is , I see so many people that are clearly talented but just do n't fit into the studio system . Our philosophy is to find people , invest in them - let them learn , and make them happy so they stay at GSX . Our lead programmer for Revolution 60 had no game experience , and did n't know UnrealScript - but we paid her for months to learn it on her own . It 's a philosophy that lets us build the talent we need .
If you 're reading this , I think you can sense the themes of mutual respect and cooperation here . I might add , all of this is in service of the almighty dollar . My mission is make a lot of money for our studio - so all of us can continue to make work we love .
I think our current hierarchical corporate culture is n't a more efficient - I think it 's about small egos that need to be stroked . As I lead my company , I think about this cartoon every single day - I never want to be a boss , I always want to be a leader .
2017 All-America D-I Women 's Teams
The 14 best players from the 2017 college season .
We are pleased to announce Ultiworld 's 2017 All-America teams . These 14 players were selected for their performance in the 2017 college season , looking at both the regular season and the full college Series , including Nationals . Please join us in honoring the best college players of this season .
First Team
Jaclyn Verzuh ( Dartmouth )
As is tradition , Player of the Year gets top billing on the All-America team . Verzuh ran away with that honor this year with overwhelming dominance of the division . She ran rampant through all challengers this season , especially during the bracket at Nationals . Women 's ultimate has never seen a player quite like her before , with her combination of unstoppable physicality and thrilling deftness and so far , the rest of the division has not adjusted to her abilities . Just a sophomore , Verzuh takes home what should be the first of many first team All-America nods .
Angela Zhu ( Dartmouth )
The other half of Dartmouth 's Dynamic Zhuh-o , Zhu put the finishing touches on one of the most accomplished college careers in the sport 's history this season . The 2017 Callahan Award winner , 2016 College Offensive Player of the Year , 2016 Club Defensive Player of the Year runner-up , two-time club national champion , college national champion , and now three time college All-American,1 Zhu already has more accolades than most players could ever dream of earning . Her skillset and experience make her the type of player that does n't grace the college game very often . She and Verzuh being on the same team was truly unfair to every other team in the division .
Julia Schmaltz ( Texas )
Schmaltz was tremendous in 2017 and an integral part of the season 's story . She had several iconic moments and performances — from an incredible snag at Stanford Invite to a 10-goal haul in the national semifinal — and her goal scoring prowess was a huge reason for Texas making its first-ever appearance in the national final . Schmaltz is still young in the ultimate world , but she added an impressive understanding of the game to her already elite athletic abilities this year to make her one of the most prolific players in the division this year .
Han Chen ( UCLA )
Chen possesses a unique skill set that makes her an equal force in the defensive deep space and the offensive backfield — it hardly seems fair that the Defensive Player of the Year is also one of the most dangerous throwers in the country . If the Player of the Year award was instead a Most Valuable Player award , Chen probably would have finished even higher than her second runner-up position . Chen has been one of the most entertaining players in the nation for a while now , and her performance this season easily earned her a second straight appearance on first team All-America .
Dre Esparza ( Texas )
Esparza quarterbacked one of the most potent and exciting offenses in the country this year . Her tenacity and endless energy made her an absolute nightmare for any handler cover . The Texas offense flowed through its handlers and Esparza 's movement in the backfield was often the catalyst for the team 's most sumptuous moves . Esparza 's gritty style perfectly embodied the spirit of the whole Texas team and she 'll go down as not only a 2017 All-American , but one of the most complete players in her program 's history as well .
Nhi Nguyen ( Colorado )
On a team of impressive defenders , Nguyen stood out for her athleticism , grace , and her nose for the endzone . She scored seven of Kali 's 12 goals during their semifinal against Texas and she got four blocks , many of which were on Texas ' best cutter — and fellow All-American — Julia Schmaltz . Nguyen often takes on the other team 's most daunting offensive threat and shuts them down . At Nationals , she was a crucial popper in Colorado 's zone with quick , perfectly timed cuts that placed her in the right place through the cup again and again . If there were ever a machine designed to create the perfect D-line cutter , Nguyen would have to be their mold .
Ella Hansen ( Oregon )
Instrumental in Oregon 's surprise Pool B win and run to quarterfinals , Hansen put on a handling masterclass in Mason , OH . She makes all of her throws look effortless , while mercilessly ripping a defense to shreds . Her inside-out forehand is one of the most fun throws to watch in the country and she powered Oregon to breaks after exhibiting her impressive defensive skillset before the turn . Oregon may have had a down regular season by their standards , but behind Hansen 's exceptional play , they had a familiarly strong Nationals and were the only team to slay the otherwise invincible Dartmouth .
Second Team
Courtney Gegg ( Stanford )
Gegg struggled with a foot injury during the regular season , but when on the field , she was still always a force to be reckoned with . One of the headliners of the army of tall , athletic Monstars to sweep the division over the last couple seasons , Gegg likely would have found herself on the first All-America team if fully healthy for the entire season . She led Stanford in goals and assists at Nationals , and though their season was cut short in quarterfinals , her two-way dominance was far too much for every team Stanford played up to that point .
Hayley Wahlroos ( Oregon )
Hayley Wahlroos makes plays . No matter where she is on the field , she does what her team needs from her in order to win the point . From being the first female ultimate player on SportsCenter as a freshman , Wahlroos has come into her own as Fugue 's most versatile weapon this year . She handled and cut throughout the season , and she executed in both roles with high-intensity precision and skill . Her insane range of throws opened the field for Fugue this season as she stepped into a bigger throwing role , yet she was still the most reliable target for her fellow handlers ' deep shots .
Julia Butterfield ( Notre Dame )
Julia Butterfield has been a favorite target for Notre Dame since their last Nationals run in 2015 , but this season she added an arsenal of hucks to her toolbelt , making her one of the toughest matchups in the division . Butterfield was a major part of Notre Dame 's return to Nationals this year , and her hucks kept the team 's favored deep game dangerous even when defenders forced her under . She had 17 goals at Nationals , the most of any woman who did n't reach the quarterfinals . She 's headed to Stanford for graduate school next year , and the entire division should be worried .
Julianna Werffeli ( Dartmouth )
Jaclyn Verzuh and Angela Zhu have deservedly been highly praised , but Dartmouth was n't just a two-woman team . Werfelli was an anchor on both sides of the disc and whenever Zhu was on the sideline , it was Werffeli who marshaled the team down the field . She 's a great athlete , elite defender , and multi-faceted weapon on offense . Her complete , well-rounded game perfectly complemented her team 's top two . While Verzuh and Zhu broke opposing defenses , she took advantage of that and dominated on offense in her own right , while also frequently being the team 's defensive ace .
Katie Ciaglo ( Carleton )
Katie Ciaglo played herself onto the Second Team at Nationals by completely dominating the assists leaderboard for several days . She threw 25 assists in five games , which averages out to more assists per game than the reigning assist leader , Angela Zhu.2 Her hucks were gorgeous , and more importantly , they were stunningly accurate . Carleton 's receivers rarely had to make big plays to score because Ciaglo dropped the disc right in front of them . Ciaglo also played tough handler defense on a turn , and she racked up more than a few handblocks before Syzygy 's weekend was through .
Carolyn Normile ( Pittsburgh )
As she did last year , Normile remained the centerpiece of Pittsburgh 's offense , regardless of where she was positioned on the field . She 's still one of the division 's best throwers , capable of shredding defenses by getting to the break side , roasting defenders with give-and-gos , or smashing them with deep throws . Her versatility as a thrower combined with her exceptional ultimate IQ to make her one of the most threatening individuals in the division in the handler set . Plus , Normile 's defensive capabilities helped her generate plenty of blocks in all three levels of the defense .
Ellen Au-Yeung ( British Columbia )
Again and again this season , Ellen Au-Yeung refused to let opponents take her out of the play . Au-Yeung makes cut after cut and throw after throw until her defender either gives up or subs out . Her speed and endurance are tough to match on the field . She 's the best type of cutter to have on your team , with hucks that pack the punch of someone with a much bigger stature . She shifted between UBC 's O- and D-lines throughout the season , and her efficiency on both lines helped bring UBC to the semifinals for the second time in three years .
In an interview with NBC 's `` Meet The Press , '' the GOP presidential hopeful told Chuck Todd that he was fine with affirmative action and employee non-discrimination ordinances , noting that he did n't think a worker 's sexuality `` should be a reason '' for him or her to be fired .
`` Well , it 's a big discussion and I guess it 's getting a lot of negative rulings right now , '' he told Todd in the interview . `` I 'm willing to go with what the courts are saying . I do n't think [ someone 's sexuality ] should be a reason , no . ”
In July , the U.S . Equal Employement Opportunity Commission ruled that workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is illegal under federal law , The New York Times reported . Still , gay and lesbian workers can be fired for their sexuality in 29 states , while those who identify as transgender are n't protected in 32 states .
Lest you think he 's suddenly become more accepting of the gay and lesbian community , however , Trump re-iterated his opposition to same-sex marriage in the interview .
Noting that he was a `` very conservative person , '' he added , `` I live in New York . New York is a place with lots of gays and I think it 's great , but I 'm not in favor of gay marriage . ''
It was n't the only controversial stance Trump expressed in the interview . He also told Todd that , if elected , he would rescind President Barack Obama 's executive orders on immigration by deporting all undocumented immigrants from the United States .
`` We 're going to keep the families together , but they have to go , '' he said . `` Chuck , we either have a country , or we do n't have a country . ''
( Compiled by Johnny Vasquez )
( Records must be done on calibrated or certified plates )
Women 's Raw World Records
Squat ( no wraps )
97 264 Tiffany Leung 06/18/16 USPA USA
105 336 Wei-Ling Chen 06/11/15 IPF TPE
114 363 Jenn Rotsinger 08/25/18 IPL USA
123 418 Stefanie Cohen 08/24/18 WRPF USA
132 485 Marianna Gasparyan 08/25/2018 IPL Kaz
148 450 Rheta West 10/06/12 IPA USA
165 529 Kristy Hawkins 11/10/2018 SPF USA
181 540 Chakera Holcomb 06/02/18 USPA USA
198 524 Chakera Holcomb 01/07/18 USPA USA
198+ 615 April Mathis 10/29/11 APF USA
All Squats ( with & without wraps ) Class Lift Name Year Fed Country
97 286 Tiffany Leung 11/08/15 SPF USA
105 375 Maria Ramos 09/05/15 GPA Argentina
114 418 Jen Rotsinger 02/09/19 USPA USA
123 457 Jessica Brown 05/12/18 USPA USA
132 562 Marianna Gasparayn 05/26/18 USPA Kaz
148 535 Rheta West 12/17/16 Metal USA
165 573 Kristy Hawkins 11/12/17 SPF USA
181 617 Chakera Holcomb 05/12/18 USPA USA
198 640 Crystal Tate 03/04/17 XPC USA
198+ 705 April Mathis 04/01/17 APF USA
Bench Press ( full meet ) Class Lift Name Year Fed Country
97 214 April Delmore-Shumaker 04/23/16 RPS USA
105 231 April Delmore-Shumaker 04/15/17 USPA USA
114 243 Febrose Tsiode 06/15/17 IPF NRU
123 275 Emily Hu 04/23/16 RPS USA
132 300 Jennifer Thompson 03/02/12 USAPL USA
148 317 Jennifer Thompson 05/18/18 IPF USA
165 330 Kristy Hawkins 08/24/2018 WRPF USA
181 380 Shannon Nash 04/22/17 SPF Strong USA
198 380 Shannon Nash 10/28/17 365 Strong USA
198+ 440 April Mathis 04/01/17 APF USA
All Bench Press Class Lift Name Year Fed Country
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
When The Nation published its `` People 's Platform '' prior to the recent Republican and Democratic conventions , the first plank in the proposal to move our politics in “ a more boldly progressive direction ” was a call for a Robin Hood Tax . Ad Policy
The People 's Platform declared :
Michael Moore was right when he said , ‘ America is not broke . ' But America will act like it is as long as politicians of both parties fail to challenge the prevailing view that our resources are insufficient to maintain Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid—let alone expand essential programs to meet pressing social needs . Yes , of course it is necessary to rescind the Bush/Cheney tax cuts for the rich . But at a time when so much of our economy involves the rapid trading of financial instruments , it is also time to impose a financial transactions tax on the speculators who caused an economic meltdown that continues to inflict pain here and abroad .
Celebrating the campaign of the National Nurses United union to win support for a “ Robin Hood Tax ” on every trade to fund social services and rebuild communities , the platform argued that : “ Democrats should make this common-sense levy central to their agenda , part of a long-term vision for moving America from a Wall Street–driven casino capitalism to a Main Street–focused caring , clean and green economics . ”
That 's what is happening now , as Congressman Keith Ellison , the Minnesota Democrat who co-chairs the Congressional Progressive Caucus , moves to introduce the most detailed proposal yet for a robust Financial Transaction Tax .
Ellison 's “ Inclusive Prosperity Act ” would impose a 0.5 percent tax on stock trades . It would also tax trades in bonds , derivatives and currency .
That could add as much as $ 350 billion a year to the federal treasury , providing vital resources that—in combination with the elimination of Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthy and aggressive moves to prevent the sheltering of assets in tax havens—would make a mockery of Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan 's fantastical claims about fiscal crisis .
“ We 're not broke , ” Ellison says of the United States . “ We 've got plenty of money . It 's just not in the hands of the American people because the people with so much of the wealth bought lobbyists and influence to get loopholes for themselves so that they would not have to pay for the civilization that is America . ”
Along with more constrained proposals by U.S . Senator Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , and Congressman Peter DeFazio , D-Oregon , the Ellison plan seeks to extract a small amount of the money that speculators now pocket in order to pay for vital public services .
“ The money is in the hands of the most privileged and well-to-do Americans , many of whom churn—and I do n't say ‘ trade , ' I mean ‘ churn'—stocks , bonds and derivatives on Wall Street , ” the congressman from Minnesota explained during last week 's Democratic National Convention , when he appeared at a “ Progressive Central ” event organized by Progressive Democrats of America and supported by many activist groups and The Nation .
“ So one of the ways for us as Americans to recoup the money is to tax them when they do this churning of these financial assets , ” Ellison continued . “ It 's a transaction tax . It is appropriately named by its most vigorous advocates a ‘ Robin Hood Tax . ' ”
National Nurses United , which works with nurses around the world in a global “ Robin Hood Tax ” campaign , has worked with Ellison to spread the word about renewing the Financial Transactions Tax . ( Yes , renewing '' : during the period of America 's greatest economic growth in the 20th century , the U.S. employed just such a tax . )
“ This small tax on Wall Street transactions would raise hundreds of billions of dollars to restore Main Street , tackle dire needs in the US and overseas ; in short to support humanity , not austerity , ” explains NNU 's Public Policy Director Michael Lighty , who argues that : “ This bill represents an exciting step forward to our collective goal of taxing Wall Street to meet the needs of Main Street . ”
Ellison says he expects to see significant support for the measure from members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus . But the real progress , he argues , will come as Americans organize to support the measure .
Already , National Nurses United and Progressive Democrats of America have been joined by groups such as the Maryknoll Office for Global Concerns ( the social justice advocacy arm of the Maryknoll Sisters , Maryknoll Fathers & Brothers , Maryknoll Lay Missioners and Maryknoll Affiliates ) are mounting campaigns urging voters to `` Ask Your Rep to Sign on toe the Inclusive Prosperity Act . ''
“ I just want you to know that this can happen , if you 'll get behind it , ” the congressman told supporters of the Robin Hood Tax . “ This is a people 's movement . This is the people 's movement . The people have to play a role in the movement , and if they play that role… We can win it . ”
If Ellison is right , then Paul Ryan is wrong .
Because if Congress makes the rich pay their fair share , cracks down of off-shore tax havens and makes taxes the speculators , America is not—and will never be—broke .
A restaurant in Carlington referred to as a hotbed of criminal activity by Ottawa police and a city councillor for the area has closed , according to the councillor .
The Suya Spot — a Nigerian-style barbecue joint — made headlines in recent weeks after the death of Abdi `` Ajax '' Jama , who was shot behind the strip mall in which the restaurant is located .
In an email Wednesday morning , River Ward Coun . Riley Brockington said the Suya Spot `` has now closed . ''
`` The landlord of the strip mall has confirmed this to me this morning , '' Brockington wrote .
'Pleased with the outcome '
`` As the local city councillor , I am pleased with the outcome . I would like to acknowledge the work of the Ottawa police in particular who have invested a significant amount of time , effort and energy investigating numerous public complaints that have been made about activities in and around this establishment for a number of years , '' he added .
Trevor Nagler has lived across the street from the restaurant for the past eight months and said he 's pleased with the news .
`` It 's just wonderful to hear that because it 's just been a giant nuisance for the last eight months . It 's just nice to be able to sleep in on a Saturday morning without hearing some ruckus going on , '' he said .
Nagler said he 'd seen fights and people throwing bottles outside the restaurant early in the morning , and said he sometimes felt nervous to leave his house to walk his dog . He said he 's also been woken up early in the morning by loud noises from the restaurant on a regular basis , Nagler said .
`` Getting woken up at three , four in the morning weekly is just frustrating . ''
Richard Michaud , who has lived nearby for five years , said the restaurant has been `` nothing but trouble '' since it opened , and that he 's also glad it closed .
Richard Michaud , left , and Trevor Nagler , right , say they 're glad to see the restaurant close its doors . ( Andrew Foote/CBC )
Police chief , Brockington had been hoping for closure
After Jama 's death , Ottawa police Chief Charles Bordeleau and Brockington said they wanted to see the Shillington Avenue restaurant close for good , citing a number of violent incidents , bylaw infractions and the selling of alcohol without a licence .
`` It 's not the first shooting we 've had there , '' said Bordeleau at the time . `` We 've had a number of serious incidents over the past number of years . Stabbings , shootings , assaults . It runs the gamut . ''
Brockington said he met with the landlord to discuss ongoing complaints about the establishment .
`` I made it very clear to the landlord that I would like to see this tenant removed , that if he can terminate his lease , that is what the community is looking forward [ to ] , '' Brockington said at the time .
`` We no longer have the welcome mat open and ready for this tenant . There have been too many problems in the community and it 's time for them to go , plain and simple . ''
Suya Spot manager Reynolds Okoh told CBC News last week he believed Ottawa police were painting the restaurant with an unfair brush . ( CBC )
Restaurant manager upset with police attention
But the manager of the restaurant , Reynolds Okoh , told CBC News the Suya Spot was being painted with an unfair brush by police .
Okoh alleged the restaurant had been the target of police harassment even before it opened its doors on Shillington Avenue , when it was in a smaller location on Somerset Street .
`` We 've been a huge target . From the very first day we opened … we never got support from the whole community . We never got support from the police , '' he said in an interview last week .
`` I 'm not a part of any gang . We have not been charged by one bylaw officer . Someone got shot in the parking lot . Someone did not get shot inside the restaurant . The parking lot , we have no control over . If people have disputes ... and it leads to that , how do we have control over it ? ''
It 's time to roll with it !
Automated Garbage Collection is here in the Town of Paradise . It 's a cleaner , safer , and smarter way to collect waste . And it eliminates the need to cover garbage with blankets or nets . Just wheel your plastic cart out for collection and the automated trucks empty it using a mechanical arm . It also makes it safer for our workers as they no longer need to lift and haul the garbage .
Recycling is mandatory in the Town of Paradise as it reduces the amount of waste going into the wheeled cart and into landfills . Let 's all do our part and recycle !
All garbage must be in regular - black or green - household garbage bags before it 's placed in the wheeled cart .
Wheeled carts must be to the end of your driveway by 8 a.m. on your scheduled collection day . And in winter , please do n't place the cart near snow banks or on the road .
Leave at least one metre ( 3 feet ) of clearance between your wheeled cart and any obstacles such as parked cars , poles , recycling bags , etc . The arrows on the cart lid must point to the street .
On your garbage collection day , parking is not permitted on the street .
Also , do n't forget that Garbage Boxes must be moved from the front of property lines . Visit our Garbage Box Removals Page for more information .
How It Works
Check out the video for all the details on how the program works and how to place your cart !
On your regular collection day , simply place the cart on the street , with the wheels against the curb , if there is one , or just off the road , on the shoulder or at the end of your driveway .
The wheeled carts must be to the curb no later than 8 a.m. on your collection day .
The cart must be returned to the resident 's property after the garbage is picked up .
The carts are emptied using a mechanical arm on the truck , which eliminates the need for workers to lift and haul the garbage . It allows for a clean , safe and efficient waste collection process .
Leave at least one metre ( 3 feet ) of clearance between the cart and any obstacles such as parked cars , poles , recycling bags , etc . The arrows on the cart lid must point to the street .
In the winter , do not place carts behind or on top of snow banks . Please make sure they are clearly visible and accessible .
Wheeled Carts
Only Town-supplied carts can be used for Automated Garbage Collection ..
All registered households in the Town of Paradise have received a wheeled-garbage cart . If there is more than one dwelling in your house , for example if you have a registered apartment , you will receive the required number of carts for the property . If you do not have a cart , please call 782-3577 .
All regular household garbage must be placed inside the cart and the lid must close . The carts can hold the equivalent of five to six bags of garbage . Any garbage placed beside the cart will not be collected . Residents are required to recycle fiber products , plastics and cans , and place in separate blue bags . Recyclables must be kept out of the wheeled carts .
The carts are equipped with an embedded radio tag which helps us manage cart inventory , verifies the correct address for misplaced carts and records the replacement history of individual carts . The carts also have individual serial numbers , which helps locate them when necessary .
The carts have large wheels that make them easy to roll , even over curbs , gravel and snow .
Automated Garbage Collection Guide
Check out the Automated Garbage Collection Guide for all the program details !
Waste Disposal ( Garbage ) Regulations
There are new Waste Disposal ( Garbage ) Regulations , including key updates to :
. Automated Garbage Collection
. Use of Town-issued carts
The Jakarta Police questioned on Tuesday US journalist Allan Nairn as a witness in a libel case implicating former National Intelligence Agency ( BIN ) head AM Hendropriyono .
Survivors of the Talangsari tragedy filed a libel suit against Hendropriyono after he claimed that victims of the incident died of suicide instead of being shot by military personnel .
The Talangsari tragedy , also known as the Warsidi case , occurred on Feb. 7 , 1989 , in Cihideung village , Talangsari subdistrict , Rajabasa Lama district , Central Lampung ( now part of East Lampung ) .
A battalion of soldiers from the Lampung military command post ( Korem ) reportedly attacked the village after dawn , killing hundreds of Warsidi congregation members .
Hendropriyono has repeatedly denied having any role in the attack .
In a recent interview with Nairn , he said the victims had committed suicide by hiding in burning houses when soldiers surrounded them .
'Suddenly they burned their own huts , which made so many people die . Yes , they committed suicide , ' said Hendropriyono as quoted by Nairn on his website www.allannairn.org .
Azwar Khailli , one of the victims in the case , denied that dozens of victims committed suicide , and filed a police report against Hendro priyono in November 2014 .
Hendropriyono was accused of violating Article 320 of the Criminal Code ( KUHP ) on insulting the deceased , which carries a maximum four-month jail sentence .
In a press conference in November 2014 , 76-year-old Azwar said that Hendropriyono's claim was a lie and suggested that he 'needs to see a doctor' .
Azwar also said that his son , Warsito , who was only 11 years old at the time , was killed in the incident . Azwar said he had been informed by a resident that Warsito , who was climbing a tree , was shot by soldiers , who then dragged him into a house and set it on fire .
Following the incident , he said , surviving residents were detained at Korem headquarters in Bandar Lampung for months .
After six hours of questioning at the Jakarta Police's general crime unit , Nairn said police investigators asked about his interview with Hendropriyono , in which Hendropriyono told him that hundreds of Talangsari victims committed suicide .
'Police want to know about my interview with Hendropriyono , especially on his claim that Talangsari victims committed suicide , not murdered , ' Nairn told reporters .
Following his questioning , Nairn said that he had also submitted an audio recording of the interview to the police .
'I also uploaded it on my website so the public can listen to the moment when Hendropriyono claimed that the Talangsari victims committed suicide , ' Nairn said .
Meanwhile , Jakarta Police spokesperson Sr. Comr . Martinus Sitompul said that besides Nairn , the Jakarta Police had questioned Azwar and would summon more witnesses in the near future .
'I can not reveal the next witnesses' identities . All I can say is the police are still investigating the case , ' Martinus said .
Early last year , in the lead-up to the July 9 presidential election , Nairn caused a stir by saying that presidential candidate Prabowo Subianto , who ran against then Jakarta governor Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo , could be a dangerous president if elected .
Nairn also published an interview with Prabowo that contained controversial statements including the former Army's Special Forces ( Kopassus ) commander making derogatory comments about former president Abdurrahman 'Gus Dur' Wahid and saying that Indonesia was not ready for democracy .
How I Resold Trump Collector Coins For a Profit & How You Can Too
David Flynn Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 21 , 2017
Trump 's Presidency is arguably the most talked about presidential election in History .
Love him or Hate him , you can be sure his presidency will be the most significant and historical election in our lifetimes .
I do n't know about you , but when something is this popular , my mind starts spinning for ways to make money off of it . I remember hearing about the founders of AirBNB selling Obama O 's ( Cheerios repackaged : ) cereal during Obama 's first inauguration making $ 20,000 and saving them from going under . Now , they are worth Billions .
So , I searched high and low online to see how I can find my version of Obama O 's Cheerios opportunities during Trump 's Presidency .
The first thing I noticed is that dozens of people on Ebay and Amazon and Google Shopping are selling Trump Collectible coins for as much as $ 49.95 a piece .
These coins , while somewhat collectible already , are bound to be worth more after Trump starts making some noise by repealing Obama Care , or tearing up the Iran Deal . As Trump becomes more controversial , these collector coins will likely go up in value .
The thing is , I am not one to gamble , and I am not going to stock on a bunch of coins that might go down in value…So , the first thing I did is try to track down the source of these coins .
I was SHOCKED to discover that they are available to buy for as cheap as $ 14.95 a piece .
The site is called DonaldCoins and can be found here .
In other words , even if they do n't go up in value , I can sell them right now for more than a 300 % Profit .
Still , I had no idea how to sell on Amazon , so I did some research . Turns out , it is really easy and quick to get setup . Especially if someone else has a listing for that product , I can just piggyback on that listing .
You can sign up to sell on Amazon Here
Still , I do n't want to take a risk and than suddenly discover that the coins stop selling or go down in value…and this is the really great part .
It turns out , the mint selling these coins has a 30 day money-back policy . So what did I do . I bought up a bunch of coins , listed them on Amazon at a healthy markup and knew no matter what happens , I can get my money back .
The thing is , these coins are going to stop selling soon , and there is a limit to how many you can buy , unless you do multiple transactions .
I do n't know about you , but I am ready to cash in on Trump 's Presidency .
Here is the place to get the coins .
Here is the link to sell on Amazon .
You can of course sell on Ebay and even craigslist as well .
Good Luck .
The state attorney 's election is expected to be one of Jacksonville 's most high-profile races this year , but about 440,000 registered voters in Duval , Nassau and Clay counties will not be allowed to cast ballots in the Aug. 30 primary because they are Democrats or have no party affiliation .
The election will be decided by about 320,000 registered Republicans in the 4th Judicial Circuit due to a candidate who qualified to run as a write-in in the election who appears to have had help to qualify from a senior campaign staffer of incumbent State Attorney Angela Corey .
Corey 's campaign manager , Alexander Pantinakis , told Florida Politics he helped local attorney Kenny Leigh file the qualifying papers to become a candidate in his role as a Republican Party state committeeman , not as Corey 's campaign manager .
Leigh and Corey essentially disenfranchised the black population in Northeast Florida , said Marcella Washington , a Florida State College at Jacksonville political science professor .
`` Democrats have no primary candidates , '' Washington said . `` The minority vote in this race will not count . ''
According to a voter registration database , current as of March , 96 percent of black voters in Duval , Clay and Nassau counties are not registered as Republicans .
Attorney Melissa Nelson , who filed to run against Corey as Republican , said she bumped into Pantinakis , Corey 's campaign manager , on Thursday in Tallahassee while she filed her papers with the Florida Secretary of State .
Leigh became a write-in candidate the same day , with Nelson and him both being listed as candidates on the Secretary of State 's website within an hour of each other .
Nelson said she did not see Leigh in Tallahassee and wondered if Pantinakis played a role in his qualifying for the election .
`` I believe Kenny Leigh was designed to close the primary , '' Nelson said . `` A prosecutor 's obligation is to seek justice . There is no place for gamesmanship . ''
That suspicion was confirmed hours later when Pantinakis told Florida Politics he filed Leigh 's papers . Pantinakis and Leigh could not be reached Tuesday for comment by the Times-Union .
Leigh , who previously donated money to Corey 's campaign , told the Times-Union last week the state attorney had nothing to do with him entering the race and he did n't know who Pantinakis was .
Nelson campaign spokesman Brian Hughes pointed out that Corey previously denied having anything to do with Leigh getting into the race .
`` We will let the previous denials and new information speak for themselves , '' Hughes said . `` Whatever their reasons or tactics we are prepared to share Melissa 's strong conservative record with her fellow Republicans . ''
Nelson , Corey and attorney Wesley White are all running for state attorney as Republicans . If they were the only three candidates in the race , all registered voters could vote in the primary .
When Leigh filed as a write-in , the election closed to everyone who was not a Republican .
The winner between Nelson , Corey and White on Aug. 30 will now appear on the Nov. 8 general election ballot with a blank space next to the winner 's name where voters will be able to write in Leigh 's name .
White blamed Corey for closing the primary . He said she 'd disenfranchised thousands of voters of color by putting up a write-in candidate .
`` I 'd like to see Mr. Pantinakis placed under oath , along with Mr. Leigh , to find out who actually signed what , and whether or not Corey gave her blessing , '' White said .
Meredith Beatrice , spokeswoman for the Florida Secretary of State , said the issue was outside her office 's authority to investigate .
Beatrice cited a Florida law that said her office would review the qualifying papers , but does not have the authority to determine whether the contents of the qualifying papers are accurate .
Washington said the maneuver is a common `` shell game '' with both Democrats and Republicans using write-in candidates to close primaries when it suits their interests .
`` It is undemocratic on its face because the write-in is a ruse and usually a confidant of one of the candidates running in the primary , '' Washington said .
Primaries also were closed in the public defender 's race and the Clay County superintendent race so that only Republicans could vote . The write-in candidates in those races had a history of supporting incumbent Public Defender Matt Shirk and incumbent superintendent Charlie Van Zant Jr .
State Sen . Rob Bradley , R-Fleming Island , a Corey supporter , said the law allowing write-in candidates to close a primary needs to be reexamined by the Florida Legislature .
`` I think closed primaries as a general rule are very appropriate ; I think Republicans and Democrats should elect their own nominees , '' Bradley said . `` But they 're only appropriate when you have legitimate candidates for both sides . ''
Staff writer Andrew Pantazi contributed to this report .
Larry Hannan : ( 904 ) 359-4470
The iPad Air 2 Business Insider KGI Securities analyst Ming Chi-Kuo thinks 2015 will be a gloomy year for iPad sales .
iPad sales are likely to drop by 30 % year-over-year , according to his latest report ( via 9to5Mac ) , making it the biggest decline yet .
That drop will become evident in the first half of this year , according to KGI . The firm believes iPad shipments will drop by 52.7 % quarter-over-quarter in the Q1 2015 , resulting in $ 10.1 million iPads sold .
Sales will continue to lose momentum in the second quarter of this year , according to Kuo , who writes in the report that iPad sales will drop by an additional 30-40 % .
While Apple 's rumored 12.9-inch larger iPad is expected to help a little bit , Kuo does n't think this will be enough to make an significant impact .
Kuo is the most accurate Apple analyst out there . He 's plugged into Apple 's supply chain , which is why he can make accurate predictions about which products Apple will release and what they 're sales will be like .
Although the Apple is still the world 's top tablet vendor according to the IDC , tablet sales in general are slowing . This month , worldwide tablet shipments recorded a year-over-year decline for the first time since the iPad launched in 2010 .
Apple is n't likely to be too hurt by declining iPad sales — the company is still selling boatloads of iPhones , and it just recorded its best quarter ever .
It 's unclear exactly why the world is less enthusiastic about tablets than it was five years ago . Some have attributed this to the fact that there are tons of phones with large screens that eliminate the need for a tablet . There 's also the idea that people replace tablets less frequently than phones , so they are n't likely to sell as quickly .
I recently received an offer to purchase supportreview.wordpress.com
Name : X
Domain Name ( If available ) : supportreview.net
Describe your web development needs :
Hi Zane ,
My friend owns supportreview.net , .org , .biz , and .info . I was helping him set up his sites and domains , and one of things on the agenda is a daily blog . He noticed a blog already at supportreview.wordpress.com that he believes is managed by you . We are wanting to purchase that site ( or well , its wordpress login , content , etc ) from you . It would be great of a daily blog he is wanting to add into his sites .
Could you email us an asking price , and what prodedure it would require to move the site over to us . We could do a paypal transaction , or whatever you are confortable with . Also , do you happen to own supportreview.com ? Thanks ! Let us know ASAP !
Being a curious sort of fellow I did a whois lookup on supportreview.net to verify that someone was indeed trying to start a business . Sure enough the email address of the domain owner matched that which had emailed me . Since I do not maintain this blog I figured I had no issue moving to a new address for a reasonable fee . I replied with the following…
Hello X , No , I do not own supportreview.com I would be willing to transfer ownership of my supportreview wordpress user for $ 515.24 ( which ends up being $ 500 after Paypal fee 's ) . I will retain the rights to all content currently hosted on supportreview.wordpress.com and will transfer it to a different wordpress.com location . I will then delete all of my content from the supportreview.wordpress.com location and provide you the username and password for this WordPress account ( which will then be completely empty with the default theme installed and available for you to use as you wish ) . I will test the login and password prior to sending to you to ensure that it works . After I email you the working username and password my services will be complete and you will own supportreview.wordpress.com . I would recommend changing the password to your user . As part of the terms of transfer you agree to not use my name in any way on this site . I do not want anyone to make posts that appear to be mine on this site . Since I have owned this site up until now this is the only risk that I see in selling this to you . If you agree to the terms of this agreement please reply with confirmation explicitly stating “ I agree to the terms in your email ” and paypal $ 515.24 to ( email ) . I will transfer my existing site to a different location and send you the working username and password to supportreview.wordpress.com account within 7 days of payment receipt . Again , supportreview.wordpress.com will be blank of all content and will have the default theme installed . Note : I have to share with you that there are plenty of other blogging platforms out there for you to use . e.g . blogger . I am not sure why you are so interested in using wordpress free blogging tool and paying for an existing domain . It would make more sense to install a copy of wordpress ( which is open source ) on your own server and make a url such as blog.supportreview.net since you already own supportreview.net . Let me know if you are interested in using my web development and hosting services to set this up for you . My prices are very affordable . http : //www.zpwebdevelopment.com/pricing/ Cheers , –Zane
The next day I had $ 500 in my paypal account with an email agreeing to the terms . So far so good ! I exported my posts , registered a new address , and moved my site . I cleared the previous user , changed the password and emailed “ Brian ” the username and password for the site . I received an email back saying thank you and all is good .
After a few hours I visited the site . One post . A remake of a previous post I had made on this site about http : //www.simplefilings.com which had been updated from this :
https : //customersupportreview.wordpress.com/2008/08/25/simplefilingscom-scam/
to this :
Simplefilings.com was established in 2006 . They have serviced thousands of customers over the last 7 years . They have provided the following about their services .
We do our best every day to please our customers , to try to earn their repeat business , and to make whatever service they choose ( LLC formation , DBA registration , EIN filing , tax extension , social security card application prep , etc . ) simply as easy and trouble-free as possible . Source : http : //supportreview.wordpress.com/2008/08/25/simplefilingscom-scam/ Well played “ X ” ! I have updated all links to my previous post . If you linked to my story please update your links . Thank you .
Advertisements
The NPR claims the most common job in 29 of 50 US states is truck driving . This seems a bit overboard , and depends on how jobs are categorized , but here is the chart .
The above chart from NPR `` Planet Money '' report that says ...
We used data from the Census Bureau , which has two catch-all categories : `` managers not elsewhere classified '' and `` salespersons not elsewhere classified . '' Because those categories are broad and vague to the point of meaninglessness , we excluded them from our map .
It should be clear at a glance just how dependent the American economy is on truck drivers . According to the American Trucker Association , there are 3.5 million professional truck drivers in the US , and an additional 5.2 million people employed within the truck-driving industry who do n't drive the trucks . That 's 8.7 million trucking-related jobs .
One further important detail to consider is that truck drivers are well-paid . They provide a middle class income of about $ 40,000 per year . That 's a higher income than just about half ( 46 % ) of all tax filers , including those of married households . They are also greatly comprised by those without college educations . Truck driving is just about the last job in the country to provide a solid middle class salary without requiring a post-secondary degree . Truckers are essentially the last remnant of an increasingly impoverished population once gainfully employed in manufacturing before those middle income jobs were mostly all shipped overseas .
Short-Term Job Outlook of the American Trucker
The trucking industry expects to see 21 % more truck driving jobs by 2020 . They also expect to see an increasing shortfall in drivers , with over 100,000 jobs open and unable to find drivers to fill them . Higher demand than supply of truckers also points to higher pay , so for at least the next five years , the future is looking great for truck drivers . The only thing that could put a damper on this would be if the demand for truck drivers were to say… drive off a sharp cliff .
That cliff is the self-driving truck . So when will the process end ? When will self-driving cars conquer our roads ?
Adoption Timeline
According to Morgan Stanley , complete autonomous capability will be here by 2022 , followed by massive market penetration by 2026 and the cars we know and love today then entirely extinct in another 20 years thereafter .
Other Estimates
Navigant Research : “ By 2035 , sales of autonomous vehicles will reach 95.4 million annually , representing 75 % of all light-duty vehicle sales . ”
IHS Automotive : “ There should be nearly 54 million self-driving cars in use globally by 2035 . ”
ABI Research : “ Half of new vehicles shipping in North America to have driverless , robotic capabilities by 2032 . ”
Nissan : “ In 2020 we 're talking more autonomous drive capability . It 's going to be an evolutionary process and 2020 will be the first year to truly see some of these capabilities start to be introduced in the vehicle . ”
Technology change and adoption are happening at a breath-taking pace . Penetration will happen faster than most of the estimates above suggest . Truck hauling jobs will vanish faster than inner-city truck driving jobs .
Travis Kalanick , the CEO and founder of Uber , said at a conference last year that he 'd replace human Uber drivers with a fleet of self-driving cars in a second . “ You 're not just paying for the car — you 're paying for the other dude in the car , ” he said . “ When there 's no other dude in the car , the cost of taking an Uber anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle. ” That , he said , will “ bring the cost below the cost of ownership for everybody , and then car ownership goes away . ”
Please consider Self-Driving Trucks Are Going to Hit Us Like a Human-Driven Truck I think the the timeline is off a bit in two ways.At $ 40,000 a year , the incentive to replace truck drivers with software is massive . And it will happen . Not only that , but insurance costs will drop . Most truck accidents are caused by user error : Driving too fast , driving while tired , driving intoxicated , etc.Robots do n't drink , do n't get tired , wo n't drive unsafe to get to a destination faster , etc . My initial vision is that drivers may still be needed for inner-city driving ( at least initially ) , but most long-haul operations will quickly vanish as soon as licensing is complete in most of the states.Taxi and limo driving jobs will also vanish.People keep emailing me about insurance . Many believe the cost of insurance will skyrocket . I believe accident rates will plunge , and insurance costs with it.So what happens to a lot of insurance salesmen ? Claims investigators ? As for car ownership , those who live in cities and seldom leave their city will have a huge incentive to dump their car . That too is a massive disruption.Think of the manufacturing jobs that will vanish . Then again , cars will be nearly entirely robot-made , so those jobs will have already vanished.Mike `` Mish '' Shedlockhttp : //globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
A new report reveals disturbing new facts about how people are using plastic products around the world and their impact on the environment . The new study , published by the World Economic Forum , says that 32 percent of all plastic products created on Earth wind up somewhere they are n't supposed to – namely , clogging up the world 's waterways and oceans . What 's more , the amount of plastic trash on Earth is increasing at an alarming rate . Based on future projections , the report estimates that there will be more pieces of plastic in the world 's ocean than there are fish by 2050 .
It 's well known that much of the world 's plastic debris ends up in our oceans and other waterways . For some time , that amount was generally accepted to be around eight metric tons annually , but it could now be as much as 13 metric tons . This new study , conducted by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation , breaks that figure down into a visual anyone can understand : approximately one dump truck of plastic every minute . If the current trends continue , and they are expected to , the amount of plastic we dump into the world 's waterways and oceans will grow to two trucks a minute by 2030 and four per minute by 2050 . At that point , there will be as much plastic in the oceans as fish .
Related : World 's first Ocean Cleanup Array will start removing plastic from the seas in 2016
According to the report and prevailing common sense , single-use plastic items are the biggest part of the problem . After interviewing over 180 experts in the field , researchers determined that most plastic packaging is only used once before being discarded . The report calls for further restrictions on single-use packaging , including the controversial plastic shopping bags that are already taxed or banned in many places . Although governments hold the power to enact plastic bans , it 's key to remember that private individuals can make smarter choices about their plastic use every day .
+ World Economic Forum : The New Plastics Economy
Via Al Jazeera
Images via Shutterstock ( 1 , 2 )
Welcome to FiveThirtyEight 's first weekly installment of The Riddler . On Fridays , I 'll offer up a problem related to the things we hold dear around here — math , logic and probability , of course . These problems , puzzles and riddles will come from lots of top-notch puzzle folks around the world , including you , the readers .
You 'll find one of the puzzles below . Mull it on your commute , dissect it on your lunch break , and argue about it with your friends and lovers . And then , when you 're ready , submit your answer using the form at the bottom ! I 'll reveal the solution next week ( UPDATE : Dec. 18 , 2:30 p.m. : The solution is now available ! ) and a randomly chosen correct submission will earn a hearty shoutout in this column . Important small print : If you want to be eligible for the shoutout , I need to receive your correct answer before midnight EST tonight . Speed is prized around here , but so is considered thought .
Now , here 's this week 's inaugural Riddler , which comes to us from Laura Feiveson , an economist at the Federal Reserve 's Board of Governors :
You work for a tech firm developing the newest smartphone that supposedly can survive falls from great heights . Your firm wants to advertise the maximum height from which the phone can be dropped without breaking .
You are given two of the smartphones and access to a 100-story tower from which you can drop either phone from whatever story you want . If it does n't break when it falls , you can retrieve it and use it for future drops . But if it breaks , you do n't get a replacement phone .
Using the two phones , what is the minimum number of drops you need to ensure that you can determine exactly the highest story from which a dropped phone does not break ? ( Assume you know that it breaks when dropped from the very top . ) What if , instead , the tower were 1,000 stories high ?
As is the case with many puzzles , various incarnations of and riffs on this one have become classic , to the point where they 're asked during job interviews at real-life tech firms . The Riddler is proud to help continue this great puzzling tradition .
Need a hint ? You can try asking me nicely . Want to submit a puzzle or problem ? Email me .
( UPDATE : Dec. 18 , 2:30 p.m. ) : See the solution here !
Arsenal are set to announce the signing of Villarreal defender Gabriel Paulista , after the Spanish club tweeted a farewell message to the Brazilian before their game against Levante .
The 24-year-old centre-back is expected to have his signing confirmed on Sunday , after completing a medical and his work permit is confirmed .
@ Arsenal and Villarreal come to a preliminary agreement for the transfer of Gabriel . Best of luck and farewell ! pic.twitter.com/mZkGrOgyan — Villarreal CF ( @ VillarrealCF ) January 24 , 2015
The fee agreed between the clubs is rumoured to be around £11 million , although that could be reduced to £10 million due to the fact that Joel Campbell , Arsenal 's Costa Rican forward , seems set to move in the other direction on loan .
BREAKING NEWS : Sky Sources – Arsenal to pay fee in excess of £11 million for Paulista # SSNHQ — Sky Sports News HQ ( @ SkySportsNewsHQ ) January 24 , 2015
Villarreal are currently on a 15-match unbeaten run , and have conceded just 17 La Liga goals this campaign ; only Barcelona and Real Madrid have let in fewer .
Gabriel has been a huge part of that with a series of commanding performances , and has , as a result , had comparisons drawn between him and Arsenal 's Laurent Koscielny , in that he is remarkably quick for a centre-back , and has made the second-highest number of interceptions in La Liga this season .
As a result , it will be a big setback to the Yellow Submarine 's ambitions to reach the Champions League for the first time since 2009 , but the blow will be softened by Campbell 's loan switch until the end of the season .
Welcome @ joel_campbell12 ! Villarreal and @ Arsenal agree to loan the player until the end of the season ! pic.twitter.com/76YDh2ISbc — Villarreal CF ( @ VillarrealCF ) January 24 , 2015
Campbell , 22 , has been at Arsenal since 2011 , but had to go out on loan in Europe for three seasons in order to secure a British work permit .
However , despite successful stints at Lorient , Real Betis and Olympiakos , as well as a successful 2014 World Cup , the winger has found first-team opportunities limited at Arsenal , with just ten appearances in all competitions this season , and only four in the Premier League .
Campbell 's departure has been widely expected during January , and it became apparent that a move was imminent after he did not train with Arsenal 's first team on Saturday ahead of their FA Cup Fourth Round trip to Brighton on Sunday .
It has been something of a dream weekend so far for Arsenal fans , after Manchester City , Southampton and Chelsea were all knocked out of the FA Cup , and the signing of Gabriel leaves only a win tomorrow to cap off a fantastic couple of days for the club .
Thanks for reading . Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @ mroller98 . Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @ LastWordOnSport and @ LWOSworld – and “ liking ” our Facebook page .
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio ? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC , laptop , tablet or smartphone . What are you waiting for ? GO !
Main Photo :
Written by Lindsay McDougall on May 3 , 2016
Frenzal Rhomb guitarist , ex-Triple J presenter , media man about town and renowned nonsense-talker Lindsay ‘ The Doctor ' McDougall brings his seasoned take on the latest bullshit in the music world to Music Feeds .
Fucken sellouts . How dare they . How dare triple j play Beyoncé . How dare triple j play Beyoncé !
A successful singer-songwriter who 's been making and performing music for twenty years , who writes her own songs and just put out one motherfucker of an album on her own label AND through her own music streaming service , in an era where albums are a thing of the past and most people only care about the new big thing .
How . Fucking . Dare . They .
That is probably all I need to say . But a lot of people have been sucking lemons over this , and in the words of Sara Silverman… ( Yes I 'm aware that the following is n't on topic , but quoting Sara Silverman early and often is a good way to write anything . )
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8JK8u-2yKlA
I worked at triple j for ten years , and while I was working there I did n't really comment on the music we played , except to be gratingly hyperbolic about stuff that I liked . And that 's because I really liked it ! I tried not to weigh into playlist conversations in public ( and certainly not on social media ) because we all knew that the smallest comment can be taken as the official word of the station , and sometimes become the impetus for “ AN ENTIRE NEWS STORY . ”
But now that I 'm not working at triple j ( or anywhere , for that matter . I 'm so poor ) , I can finally spill my sordid guts on triple j 's programming . And here it is : I fucken love it .
I may not like every song . But that 's because not every song is programmed for me . I may like fewer songs that I hear these days but that 's because NOT EVERY SONG IS PROGRAMMED FOR ME AND I 'M GETTING OLD .
triple j is a radio station mandated by the government to be for eighteen to twenty-five years olds . Not for me , OR YOU , serial triple j-hater .
“ SJW feminazi marxists smdh ” * clicks post * * masturbates furiously *
And seriously , do n't get me started on the people who reckon the station should be programmed by someone in that age bracket . HAVE YOU MET ANY OF THEM ? They could n't program a video recorder ( told you I was old ) , let alone a nationwide radio station that broadcasts to over a million people a day .
To program songs for that many different people all over a gigantic country like Australia ( “ and around the world if you 're listening online ” – all newsreaders padding out the end of the news ) takes experience , not some pimply kid who thinks because they got retweeted by Danny Brown once they know everything about music .
My time at triple j opened my ears up to artists , bands and types of music I never would have thought of listening to when I was younger , and that 's because someone older and more experienced directed the programming of it . ( I do n't even need to look , I know Music Feeds have put that Seymour Skinner meme just below this paragraph . )
Dammit Lindsay…
Anyway , back to the subject at hand , which is that of Mrs Knowles-Carter getting big triple j love . Firstly for those who ask “ why now ? ” , it 's not the first time . A quick trip ( le j ) down memory lane ( or the @ triplejplays feed ) will tell you that Crazy In Love , Drunk In Love , This Boy 's In Love * AND Who Run The World ( Girls ) have all been played .
And it does n't stop there , because triple j was there at the beginning . Sadly I ca n't find internet proof of this , but Beyoncé 's old band , Destiny 's Child , were played on triple j back when Arnold Frolows was picking the tunes . You know , the good old days . Or the bad old days . Or what can pretty objectively just be called “ the old days ” . So if you reckon that triple j has slid way too far into the mainstream then to quote Beyoncé ( who was probably quoting Eric Cartman ) “ Suck on my balls ” .
Destiny 's Child – as played on triple j ( and every Dave Callan gig for the last 5 years )
* I know it 's a Presets song but I got sucked into the rhythm .
So triple j plays The Weeknd , goes nuts over Drake and pretty much live-tweets Kanye 's every move ( which they 've done since College Dropout ) , but now they 're playing Beyoncé you 're all up in arms ? Okay you may have been up in arms about them too , but they were also added to triple j rotation on their own merits , not because some record label sweet-talked someone up in accounts . ( Trust me , I 've been in the music library when Richard Kingsmill is talking to record label people and they 'll admit it too , no one 's sweet-talking Kingsmill . )
“ But what about T-Swizzle ? ” You ask , using a humorous nickname to ask about Taylor Swift . Good point , so edgy . Since triple j have made the decision to play Beyoncé , they must now automatically play every pop star of a similar status . Better get ready for K-Pezzle , H-Stazzle and J-Bizzle etc… Or perhaps it 's just because triple j reckons that Lemonade is FUCKEN GOOD . Which , all things considered , it fucken is .
* 'What About Me ' plays softly in the background *
What an album . Raw , personal but majestic . Jumping from hip hop to rock to RnB and even country ? ! Opening her heart but still opening up that amazing voice . Getting down with some legends like Jack White , James Blake , DIPLO and Kendrick Lamar , as well as a whole bunch of other musicians and producers . But mostly , getting down with herself .
Telling a big story that is resonating with people all over the world . And telling it in style . And who cares whether that story , of infidelity and marriage problems , is real or constructed for the album : it 's a ripper , and along with the blunt and heavy themes of racism and sexism , it 's another important story in the lives of all tough-as-fuck women .
Okay so the trailer 's a bit glitchy Paranormal Activity vibes . But the album 's really good !
And triple j plays heaps of amazing tough-as-fuck women . Sia , Bertie Blackman , Ngaiire , Montaigne , Abbe May , Tkay Maidza , Meg Mac , Ecca Vandal , Sampa The Great , Joy , East , Emma Louise , Missy Higgins , Sarah Blasko , fucken heaps .
Could they play more ? Probably , and they are . Add Beyoncé to the list of amazing women triple j is playing because they 're amazing . And with good bloody reason . And remember , if you 've ever yelled out All The Single Ladies , or repeated “ to the left ” after hearing someone say it , then you 're already a Beyoncé fan . So shoosh , and just enjoy the sweet music .
–
RELATED : BEYONCE 'S LEMONADE IS MORE THAN AN INFIDELITY ALBUM AND WE 'RE FOCUSING ON THE WRONG ISSUES
In 1938 , Dany Assaf 's great grandfather was a member of the Muslim community that established Canada 's first mosque in Edmonton , Alberta . Today , his legacy continues with Assaf joining a group of Toronto-based Muslims who have set up some of the country 's first public celebrations of Ramadan . Iftars — the meal with which Muslims open their fasts — have been hosted at Toronto 's City Hall , Nathan Phillips Square , and Mississauga 's Celebration Square .
Members of the Muslim community wait to break their fast at the public iftar held at Mississauga 's Celebration Square . ( Toronto Star / Fatima Syed )
Big crowds of Muslims and non-Muslims across the city have been welcomed to hours-long festivities with comedians , spoken word poets , Toronto Symphony Orchestra , fireworks , and lots and lots of food . Assaf was the organizer of “ Fast in the 6 , ” an iftar held at Nathan Phillips Square on June 9 . He wanted to host “ a public free event in the soul of the city , ” and after a quick conversation with the Mayor ( “ he was immediately on board ” ) set up the celebration that he thought would reflect the true diversity , unity and prosperity of the city . “ I wanted this to be the Canadian-Muslim equivalent of the Santa Claus parade , ” said Assaf , “ which is to say that no matter what faith or background you are , it was something you can enjoy . In that case it 's to enjoy the spirit of Christmas ; for us , it was to enjoy the spirit of Ramadan . ”
Article Continued Below
The premise was to experience Muslim culture in “ a genuine and open way ” to showcase the common principles Islam shares with all faiths : sacrifice , sharing and being grateful . The rise in Islamophobia and hate crimes against Muslims across the country has been of increasing concern to Assaf and Mohammed Hashim , a member of the Toronto and York Region Labour Council and organizer of the iftars at Toronto City Council and Mississauga . These public events were created to counter such narratives of hate and distrust . “ Through these public events we wanted to tell the Muslim community ‘ you belong here , this is your space , your city , your city council and your country ' , ” said Hashim , “ but also to let the rest of the country know that we 're inclusive and welcoming and want them to join us in our celebrations . ”
Muslims pray after breaking their fast at a public iftar held at Mississauga 's Celebration Square .
Hashim found it inspiring and moving to hear the call to prayer given in city council chambers for the very first time . The iftar was co-hosted by Councillor Neethan Shan , who saw it as a way to prove that “ City Hall belongs to us all. ” At the public iftar held in Mississauga , representatives of a local synagogue , church and gurdwara were all present to help the Muslim community break their fast . “ I ca n't remember Ramadan being quite so open , ” said Sanaa Ali-Mohammed , a visitor to the event . “ It makes everything more normal , ” said her friend Sabiha Sumra . The sight of hundreds of people praying together in the open space outside Mississauga 's City hall was , for many , a first-time experience .
“ Every community matures at a certain time , and often gels because of crises , ” said Hashim . “ Now , it 's the natural evolution of that conversation to say that we really need to be able to claim Canada and embody everything this country has given to us which is tolerance , compassion and inclusivity. ” Proof of the manifestation of these feelings can be seen in the “ over enthusiasm ” for such events from politicians to community members and sponsors alike .
Article Continued Below
“ Here at City Hall we have hosted events that celebrate various religions including Christianity and Judaism , ” said Mayor Tory , “ it should be no different when it comes to the Muslim faith. ” For Assaf , Fast in the 6 was “ a true Canadian effort. ” “ A city that celebrates Ramadan in this time is a city that is safe for everybody . ”
PTI party names man in letter to police demanding he be nominated as one of those responsible for drone strike
The political party led by the former cricket star Imran Khan claims to have blown the cover of the CIA 's most senior officer in Pakistan as part of an increasingly high-stakes campaign against US drone strikes .
The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) party named a man it claimed was head of the CIA station in Islamabad in a letter to police demanding he be nominated as one of the people responsible for a drone strike on 21 November , which killed five militants including senior commanders of the Haqqani Network .
John Brennan , the CIA director , was also nominated as an `` accused person '' for murder and `` waging war against Pakistan '' .
The US embassy said it could not comment but was looking into the matter . The CIA spokesman Dean Boyd would not confirm the station chief 's name and declined to immediately comment , AP reported .
If his identity is confirmed it will be the second time anti-drone campaigners have unmasked a top US spy in Pakistan .
In 2010 another CIA station chief , Jonathan Banks , was named in criminal proceedings initiated after a drone strike . Banks was forced to leave the country .
As with the Banks case , questions will be raised about how the PTI came to know the identity of the top US intelligence official in the country .
Although nearly all foreign spies in Pakistan use diplomatic cover stories to hide their occupation , many , including station chiefs , are declared to the country 's domestic spy agency .
The letter signed by the PTI spokeswoman Shireen Mazari demanded the named agent be prevented from leaving the country so that he could be arrested . The PTI said it hoped he would reveal `` through interrogation '' the names of the remote pilots who operated the drone .
`` CIA station chief is not a diplomatic post , therefore he does not enjoy any diplomatic immunity and is within the bounds of domestic laws of Pakistan , '' the letter said .
The accusation comes at a time when drones have once again become a matter of intense controversy in Pakistan .
The country 's interior minister , Chaudhry Nisar , denounced a drone strike in early November . Although the attack killed the much hated chief of the Pakistani Taliban , Hakimullah Mehsud , Nisar said it had wrecked the government 's efforts to hold peace talks with militant groups .
And it infuriated Khan , who has built much of his political platform around opposition to drones , which he claims are largely responsible for the upsurge of domestic terrorism in Pakistan in recent years – a suggestion disputed by many experts .
The 21 November strike was even more provocative as it was one of the first ever strikes outside the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , where nearly all attacks by the unmanned aircraft have taken place in the past .
The attack on a religious seminary associated with the Haqqani Network was in Hangu , an area in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , the province where Khan 's PTI leads a coalition government .
Khan responded with a massive rally in the provincial capital of Peshawar and ordered PTI activists to block vehicles carrying supplies to Nato troops in Afghanistan .
However , party workers have struggled to identify Nato cargo amid all the sealed containers plying the roads to Afghanistan . The exercise has received no support from the national government and the police have tried to stop PTI workers blocking lorries .
The SEC has brought insider trading cases that center on information exchanged on the golf course . Feds hunt fraud at the golf course
When you dish out illegal stock tips at the golf course , there are no mulligans .
This summer the Securities and Exchange Commission has brought insider trading cases that center on the relationships between golfing buddies and how their chitchat in the tee box or at the 19th hole turned into lucrative and illegal trading bonanzas .
Story Continued Below
In July and August , the SEC filed two separate charges involving golf connections , including one targeting seven friends who regularly hit the links at Oakley Country Club just outside of Boston . The SEC charged they made more than $ 554,000 through illegal trades involving information shared about American Superconductor Corporation .
This follows a similar case from last year where the agency charged an accountant at Big Four firm KPMG with giving stock tips to his golfing partner .
( Also on POLITICO : Chelsea Clinton is leaving NBC )
Duffers are on notice — the lush fairways , manicured greens and posh clubhouses of America 's country clubs are no sanctuary from the SEC 's pursuit of fraudsters .
“ Given the SEC 's success in finding insider trading cases in the golf world , that will give them incentive to continue pursuing investigations that involve golfers , ” said Robert Heim , a former enforcement attorney and assistant regional director at the SEC in New York . “ I do anticipate in the next year or so we may see more cases involving golfers . ”
Many insider trading cases , which the SEC often struggles to win , get stronger when the agency has evidence of a relationship between someone who had insider knowledge and the person who made profitable trades with that information .
Put those two people in the same tee box and investigators are well on their way to bringing charges .
( Also on POLITICO : Obama 's 'strategy ' misfire )
It also highlights how the culture of the sport , which caters to a wealthier professional class and provides plenty of downtime for idle chatter and shop talk , makes it a target for investigators .
“ There are two things you do on the golf course : You quote Caddyshack and you tip inside information , ” said Peter Henning , a former SEC attorney , referring to the 1980 movie .
Some veteran financiers who like to hit the links said they would be surprised if the SEC was able to bring multi-million dollar cases by focusing on golf , arguing it is likely to catch only smaller fish .
“ Insider information on the golf course is [ the ] Hunger Games in my view , ” said John Spooner , a lifelong golfer and money manager for a bank in the Boston area , referring to the teenage survivalist books . “ It is people who are not high up the food chain in business or they need to make a score . ”
( Also on POLITICO : Rick Perry serves up red meat at Koch conference )
Given the SEC 's tools to monitor trades that would trigger an insider trading investigation , it is increasingly difficult to get away with the crime , he said .
“ Honestly , I think people who would do it these days are really stupid or do n't have much net worth of their own , ” said Spooner , who is now in his seventies and started as a golf caddie at 11 years old .
Nonetheless , the recent cases illustrate how the SEC can use golf connections to target stock fraud .
In the July case , the SEC filed insider trading charges against the seven golf buddies , led by a semi-professional Eric McPhail , 41 , of Waltham , Mass .
( Also on POLITICO : Obama 's campaign no-fly zone )
A member of Oakley Country Club in Watertown , McPhail obtained valuable information from a fellow club member who was an executive at American Superconductor Corporation ( AMSC ) , the SEC said in court documents .
Beginning in July 2009 , McPhail obtained insider information about AMSC during golf outings and then shared those details with his golfing friends , the SEC said . Trading on these tips before the AMSC news was publicly announced , McPhail 's friends booked thousands of dollars in profits , according to the court documents .
“ Nice profitable day for the boys , ” McPhail wrote in a July 2009 email to his golfing friends after they made between $ 2,000 and $ 11,000 individually from his insider information , the SEC said . “ So when should I report in on which restaurant and massage parlor I want to be treated to ? ”
These emails showed that for two years the golf friends discussed when to buy and sell AMSC , as well as who among them would attend McPhail 's annual trip to the Kentucky Derby .
Four of the defendants have already settled with the SEC and agreed to pay thousands of dollars in penalties .
McPhail and co-defendant Douglas Parigian of Lowell , Mass. , were indicted by a Massachusetts grand jury for fraud and other violations .
Lawyers for McPhail and Parigian could not be reached for comment . Attempts to reach McPhail were unsuccessful . If found guilty , the men could face up to 20 years in prison .
The military has spent years studying the best way to move under a load ( aka “ rucking ” ) . Here are 5 military rucking rules that translate well to hikers .
Photo by USAG-Humphreys/Flickr
A version of this post originally appeared on the Mountain Athlete training center blog .
“ Rucking ” is the military term for hiking under load . As you can imagine , this is a huge issue for the military , as soldiers must wear body armor and carry weapons , ammo , water , communications equipment , and other gear as they conduct patrols and missions . Rucking performance and injury prevention are hugely important for military operations and personnel .
Movement over ground under load is also key for many mountain sports , from dayhiking to backpacking to big mountain alpinism . In reviewing the research the military has already done on this subject , we discovered five rules that are just as applicable to mountain sports as they are to combat operations . Read on to make sure you 're following these military rucking rules on your next backcountry adventure .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
1 . One pound on your feet equals five pounds on your back .
This old backpacking thumb rule holds true , according to a 1984 study from the U.S. Army Research Institute . They tested how much more energy was expended with different footwear ( boots and shoes ) and concluded that it take 4.7 to 6.4 times as much energy to move at a given pace when weight is carried on the shoe versus on the torso .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
In practical terms , this means you could carry half a gallon more of water ( a little over 4 pounds ) if you buy boots that are a pound lighter , which is n't hard to do ; and that 's a lot of water . Now imagine the energy savings of backpacking in light trail running shoes rather than heavy , leather backpacking boots over the course of 7-day backpacking trip .
2 . One pound on your feet equals 5 % more energy expended .
Heavier footwear does n't just affect you because of its weight . Heavier boots are stiffer and less responsive as well . This reduces the efficiency of your body 's stretch reflex on hitting the ground .
Five percent does n't sound like much , though , so how does 5 % translate to run times ? Well , 5 % would slow your mile pace time down by 30 seconds , depending on how long you 're running . But , the faster you attempt to run , the more that 5 % will affect your performance .
3 . Every 1 % of your body weight in your pack makes you six seconds slower per mile .
Carrying weight in your pack is n't free of cost , though . Each 1 % of your body weight carried in your pack makes you 6 seconds slower per mile . So , if you weigh 150 pounds , each 1.5 pounds of weight in your pack slows you by 6 seconds per mile . For a 150-pound hiker , on an extended trip , cutting your pack weight down from 40 to 30 pounds saves you 40 seconds per mile .
4 . A 10 % grade incline cuts your speed in half .
Grade greatly affects speed . By “ grade ” we mean how much terrain incline or decline there is . At 10 % grade , for example , for every 10 feet you travel forward , you 'll travel 1 foot up . In terms of angles , 10 % equals 5.74 degrees . A 5.74-degree angle does n't seem like much until you 're humping up it mile after mile . You 'll know how hard it is because you 'll move twice as slowly over it than over flat ground with a given load .
That last little part—with a given load—is important . A 10 % grade will cut your speed in half no matter if you 're carrying 45 lbs . or 80 lbs .
5 . Going up slows you down twice as much as going down speeds you up .
Do n't believe you 'll make time up on the other side of the hill . You wo n't . You 'll only make half the time up .
Why do n't you gain as much by running downhill as you lose running up ? Braking forces . As you descend , you have to brake your speed with your quads to keep yourself under control . The steeper the downhill , the more braking . This added load on your muscles further affects your uphill performance if you have repeated bouts of up and down work .
Rob Shaul , owner and head coach of Mountain Athlete in Jackson , WY , has been training elite outdoor sportsmen for years , including professional skiers , mountain guides , and The North Face global athletes . Sport-specific training programs for climbers , hikers , skiers and more can be found on his website : www.strongswiftdurable.com
Sources :
As we learn more about the human brain , researchers have discovered that as you look at an object , your brain not only processes what the object looks like , but remembers what it feels like to touch it as well .
According to University of Southern California researchers , this connection is so strong that a computer examining data coming only from the part of your brain that processes touch can predict which object you are actually looking at .
In a research effort that builds upon previous work demonstrating a link between visual and auditory areas of the brain , magnetic resonance brain scans and specially programmed computers were used to better explain how memory and the senses interact .
In the study , researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to scan the part of the participants ' brains that is responsible for processing touch sensations as they watched five video clips of hands touching various objects .
When a specially programmed computer was given the data generated by the scan , the computer was able to accurately predict , just based on how the “ tactile ” part of the cerebral cortex had reacted , which of the five video clips the participant had been seeing .
“ When asked to imagine the difference between touching a cold , slick piece of metal and the warm fur of a kitten , most people admit that they can literally ‘ feel ' the two sensations in their ‘ mind 's touch , ' ” said Kaspar Meyer , the lead author of the study .
“ The same happened to our subjects when we showed them video clips of hands touching varied objects , ” he said . “ Our results show that ‘ feeling with the mind 's touch ' activates the same parts of the brain that would respond to actual touch . ”
Study authors believe this suggests that human brains capture and store physical sensations , and then replay them when prompted by viewing the corresponding visual image .
“ When you hold a thought in your mind about a particular object , that is not just mental fluff . It is rather a detailed memory file that is being revived in your brain , ” Antonio Damasio said .
The findings appear in the September issue of the journal Cerebral Cortex .
Source : University of Southern California
Seeing and Touching Closely Linked in Brain
Mandela Day calls on us all , every day , to make the world a better place . Each year on 18 July we look back on what has been done , and forward to what will be done .
Making every day a Mandela Day celebrates Madiba 's life and legacy in a sustainable way that will bring about enduring change .
The theme for this years celebration is # ActionAgainstPoverty .
here are 5 quotes that describe who the man Nelson Mandela was .
1 . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world
2 . Real leaders must be ready to sacrifice all for the freedom of their people .
3 . It always seems impossible until it 's done .
4 . Difficulties break some men but make others . No axe is sharp enough to cut the soul of a sinner who keeps on trying , one armed with the hope that he will rise even in the end .
5 . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear , but the triumph over it . The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid , but he who conquers that fear . Today July 18 is a day set aside to commemorate the lifetime of service Nelson Mandela gave to South Africa and the world . It was launched on his birthday , 18 July , in 2009 via a unanimous decision by the UN General Assembly.Mandela Day calls on us all , every day , to make the world a better place . Each year on 18 July we look back on what has been done , and forward to what will be done.Making every day a Mandela Day celebrates Madiba 's life and legacy in a sustainable way that will bring about enduring change.The theme for this years celebration is # ActionAgainstPoverty.here are 5 quotes that describe who the man Nelson Mandela was.1 . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world2 . Real leaders must be ready to sacrifice all for the freedom of their people.3 . It always seems impossible until it 's done.4 . Difficulties break some men but make others . No axe is sharp enough to cut the soul of a sinner who keeps on trying , one armed with the hope that he will rise even in the end.5 . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear , but the triumph over it . The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid , but he who conquers that fear .
About This Game
Faithful emulation of the SNES version of both games packaged together in a single executable , letting you relive the games in their original glory smoothly on modern machines .
of the SNES version of both games packaged together in a single executable , letting you relive the games in their original glory smoothly on modern machines . Save anywhere , any time ! 9 available save slots per game means you can make your own checkpoints any place or time you want . No more typing in passwords to restore your progress !
9 available save slots per game means you can make your own checkpoints any place or time you want . No more typing in passwords to restore your progress ! Two controllers can be configured for keyboard or game controllers for co-op and competitive local multiplayer in Bubsy II .
can be configured for keyboard or game controllers for co-op and competitive local multiplayer in Bubsy II . 'Paws ' the emulation at any time to help you save or load the game at the exact frame you want .
at any time to help you save or load the game at the exact frame you want . Steam Trading Cards featuring exquisite Bubsy comic book art .
16 megs - '' Over 40 awesome animations . Five wild worlds . Countless furballs ! ''
16 big levels - '' An average of 300 screens purr level . Humongous or what . ''
7 music tracks - '' Just like goin ' to the show to see a 'Furminator ' movie . ''
Interactive cartoon - '' Spend Saturdays playing cartoons , not watching 'em ! ''
More Sound Effects - '' I plop . I boing . I splat . I need medical attention . ''
Gorgeous Graphics - '' I 'm prettier than Mel and Debbie Gibson combined . ''
Digitized voice - '' Next , I 'm gon na get my own 1-900 number . ''
Toys ! Bubsy has his very own action toy bazooka , a diving suit and a smart bomb .
Thirty levels filled with a bazillion bad guys .
Freedom ! Thanks to his own portable hole , Bubsy can roam through any world anytime .
Best Time or High Score - your choice .
Many thoughtwas lost to a legacy of shame obscurity after his cat-astrophic venture into 3-D , but he 's been given a new shot at video-game stardom with his first release of this meowllenium : is the authorized digital download version of Bubsy 's first two games , and the first official Bubsy release since 1997 ! Relive the games that started the notorious career of Bubsy Bobcat in their original incarnations , and experience for yourself the cat-titude and purr-sonality of the first gaming mascot to have a digitized ( and unforgettable ) voice , one whose words still resound in the minds of all who played his games : “ What could paw-sibly go wrong ? ” Bubsy Two-Fur features : The two games included in Bubsy Two-Fur are : Defeat droves of dive-bombing penguins ! Squash squadrons of flying pigs ! Trash tons of turbo-powered sheep ! It 's all waiting for you in this wacky , whirlwind adventure through the Amazatorium !
Civil War starts with the creation of the “ Winter Soldier ” , a figure whose personal and political history establishes him as a negative doppleganger for Captain America . Significantly , it is political ideology ( the “ red book ” ) that makes this former hero a villain , overcoming his rationality , eradicating his individuality and transforming him a willing tool of the state . The critique of collectivism implied here ( as also in the nonsensical text which subdues Bucky 's reason ) will subsequently become the major theme of the film , which argues that collectivism is dangerous not only because it undermines the individual 's freedom to act with virtue but also because it can lure even the well-intentioned into serving as the unwitting pawns of those with political power .
As the film proper begins in Lagos , we see a number of Avengers struggle to save the world from biological terrorism . While the casualties are light compared to the deaths averted , the group 's inability to avoid any collateral damage invites political intrigue , and when the squad returns to New York a second “ red book ” is thrust upon them in the form of the Sokovia Accords , a text which parallels its Soviet predecessor with a similar call for the subordination of individual freedom to the collective interests of the state . The thematic lines implied in the first scene are thus redrawn on a larger scale , forcing the Avengers to choose between accepting government oversight ( collectivism ) or standing in defense of individual liberty ( individualism ) .
Although the audience is clearly meant to be sympathetic to both sides , the script offers unblinking support for its titular hero . Certainly , it is interesting that none of the Avengers who fight with Captain America in Lagos end up supporting the Sokovia Accords ( the Black Widow is the exception that proves the rule , the double agent who switches sides exactly when her personal interests require it ) . Conversely , all of the figures who acquesce to government oversight are notably disconnected from the events they unfairly condemn . The American Secretary of State , for instance , is an official who brags of a “ perspective ” ( read : distance and non-involvement ) gained through a forced retirement . His removal from the events he criticizes is similar to that of the grieving mother who waylays Tony Stark over the death of her son , the King of Wakanda ( who abdicates his responsibility for maintaining regional peace ) , and even the main villain Zemo , whose mission to avenge his murdered family ( paralleled in the similar vengeance quests of Tony Stark and the Black Panther ) is sparked by his experience of their deaths at a distance .
The role that media may play in creating and nurturing political grievances is suggested by the visuals of violence which play-and-replay on monitors and mobile devices through the film and in doing so provide the pretext for the state suppression of individual freedom . While Captain America and the Scarlet Witch have a meaningful discussion of their own failures , the other characters can only criticize from a position of ignorance . Personal experience is of paramount importance to proper moral judgment in this reading . And thus when the Black Panther confronts Zemo at the climax , it is his personal experience with his father 's death which allows him to transcend vengeance ( unmasking and regaining his humanity ) and become at last an agent of real rather than vigilante justice , a moral reversal which also changes his home from the “ Wakandan prison ” dismissed ironically by Stark mid-film to the hospital refuge we see at the film 's close which promises safeguard the Winter Soldier in his voluntary seclusion .
For further evidence Civil War sides with Captain America in an unapologetic defence of individualism , consider how the script confirm Captain America in his critiques of the Sokivia Accords . When discussing the agreement with the other Avengers following the ultimatum issued by the State Department , Captain America follows his generic defence of liberty with the more subtle observation that if the state itself is corruptible , what seems to be the collective interests of society may in fact be the private agendas of those in power . And this is exactly what the film shows on a closer reading : the grieving mother who convinces Tony Stark of the necessity of oversight is clearly motivated not by her public role as state functionary so much as her unrelenting private grief ; Tony Stark admits that his support is due mostly to the way the agreement offers a politically expedient way for him to repair a tarnished personal relationship ( and repress his own desires ) ; and of course the villain Zemo is a manipulative force who drives the action behind the scenes and manipulates all of the players for his own private purposes .
DeepenThe international community 's attempts to foist the Sokovia Accords on the American government are also shown to be hypocritical . At the least , it is ironic that the Wakandan attempt to regulate “ enhanced individuals ” is justified on democratic grounds given that Wakanda is a monarchy that is not subject to democratic pressure . This same regime is also implicitly criticized by the film for not subjecting the Black Panther to international monitoring . And it is surely one of the more pointed ironies of the story that this new hero — who is credited with the the success of the diplomatic effort to create the accords — immediately follows their enactment with a vigilante crusade to “ avenge ” his father .
Although Civil War generally eschews more complex symbolism , the film 's criticism of the Sokovia Accords also comes out in some traditional symbolic ways , such as the way the Iron Man contingent suffers far more than Captain America 's in their set-piece airport battle , a sequence which shows multiple characters on the collectivist side unexpectedly stripped of their “ powers ” ( read : virtues ) or who find said powers newly unreliable and/or self-destructive : Iron Man 's multiple concussions , War Machine 's broken spine , and Vision 's loss of “ clarity ” ( a symbol of blindness which parallels Tony Stark 's black eye ) all indicate on a basic symbolic level that these characters are in the wrong . For a more trivial example , when Vision is shown sitting in defeat at a chessboard , the black king dangling from his hand , the image is evocative of Stark 's earlier warning that the Avengers themselves are now “ in check . ”
And just as the Avengers who accept oversight lose virtue , the film shows the American government grow more repressive and militaristic as the Sokovia Accords take root . Not only do the police dispatched to capture The Winter Soldier adopt an unnecessary kill-first policy , but the prisoners captured end up being treated unequally under the law , with the least fortunate ( and ironically the most innocent ) character denied due process or legal representation . The imprisonment of Bucky is then paralleled in the deliberate grounding of the Scarlet Witch as well as the imprisonment of the other heroes in a black jail that exists beyond the protection of national law . The way the script refers to these incidents as “ internments ” also suggests -— as does the appearance of the Lend/Lease pens as the signing instruments for the accords -— that the state itself is moving towards militarism and war in these scenes .
And this brings us to the end of the film . Tony Stark 's rejection of the State Department at the end of the film turns him towards a more ambiguous rejection of what the Sokovia Accords represents . Yet when confronting Bucky at the Siberian enclave , Iron Man falls to the same temptation as the villain Zemo , tempted into the pursuit of blind vengeance by the murder of his family . In the battle which follows , all of the heroes suffer fundamental wounds indicative that it is this militaristic violence which is ultimately self-destructive ( a theme alluded to in the multiple references to The Empire Strikes Back ) , and in which the behavior of the characters also indicate the fallen state of American virtue .
And this is perhaps the most interesting moment of the film . For what do we have at the climax but the rejection of America by the figure meant to represent its cardinal virtues ? The message of this sequence , followed by the Captain 's plainclothes liberation of his imprisoned crew , is the idea that a real American will embody the virtues of American values even if doing so requires him to abandon patriotism . As the Platonic embodiment of individualism , Captain America thus casts off his country when its government becomes inconsistent with those ideals , and so the film ends on a note of tragedy , but also the promise that America can and may return whenever the country calls out again for the freedom this hero represents .
More options : Share , Mark as favorite
Every time that CEO salaries of large companies are reported , there 's always a lot of hand-wringing , criticism of “ excessive CEO compensation , ” and the inevitable comparisons of rising CEO salaries to stagnant pay for average workers and how that fuels rising income inequality , etc . It must be that time of year again – “ CEO bashing season ” – because there have been a number of recent news reports about CEO pay in 2014 , with the typical comparisons to average worker pay . For example , the Financial Times reported this yesterday :
The average US chief executive earned 295.9 times as much as a typical American worker in 2013 , compared with 20 times as much in 1965 . The AFL-CIO , the US trade union federation , says that while the chief executive-to-worker average pay ratio is higher in the US than anywhere else in the developed world , countries such as Canada , Germany , France and Sweden have even bigger gaps than the UK . The ballooning of top-level remuneration has help fuel the debate about growing inequality . Donald Hambrick , professor of management at Pennsylvania State University , says executive pay has created “ anger on Main Street that affects capitalism in general . ”
A few weeks ago , Hillary Clinton launched her presidential campaign with a populist/progressive attack on CEO pay and lamented that American families face financial hardships at a time “ when the average CEO makes about 300 times what the average worker makes. ” And Marketplace reported this week that “ CEO pay is one of those issues that really gets people 's blood boiling . ”
A closer look at the national data on CEO suggests that the American people need n't get so upset , and politicians , the media and progressives should stop promoting what is clearly a “ statistical fallacy . ”
While the huge multi-million pay packages of a few hundred CEOs get all of the media attention , what usually receives much less attention is the small number of CEOs represented in the annual salary surveys , especially compared to the total number of CEOs in the US . For example , the WSJ 's executive compenstation survey last year included only 300 CEOs at large , U.S.-traded public companies , and the AP analyzed compensation figures for only 337 companies in the S & P 500 last year . The AFL-CIO did an analysis of the CEOs of 350 companies in the S & P 500 in 2013 and then computed a “ CEO-to-worker pay ratio ” of 331 times , up from a ratio of 300 ten years ago and 200 twenty years ago .
Although these samples of 300-350 CEOs are representative of large , publicly-traded , multinational US companies , they certainly are n't very representative of the average US company or the average US CEO . According to both the BLS and the Census Bureau , there are more than 7 million private firms in the US , so the samples of 300-350 firms for CEO pay represent only one of about every 21,500 private firms in the US , or about 1/200 of 1 % of the total number of US firms . And yet the AFL-CIO , Financial Times , AP , the WSJ and others compare the average annual wages of hundreds of millions of full-time employees working at the more than 7 million US companies to the CEO pay of executives at only several hundred companies , which is hardly a fair comparison .
We can get a more accurate and complete picture of CEO compensation in the US by looking at wage data released recently by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in its annual report on Occupational Employment and Wages for 2014 . The BLS report provides “ employment and wage estimates by area and by industry for wage and salary workers in 22 major occupational groups , 94 minor occupational groups , 458 broad occupations , and 821 detailed occupations , ” including the occupational category “ chief executives. ” In 2014 , the BLS reports that the average pay for America 's 246,240 chief executives was only $ 180,700 . The CEOs of the 300-350 S & P 500 firms that supposedly represent typical CEO compensation represent only one out of about every 820 firms in the country ( or 1/7 of 1 % ) that have a CEO at the head . The larger sample of almost a quarter-million CEOs reported by the BLS gives us a much better understanding of “ average CEO compensation . ”
For the larger sample of CEOs reported by the BLS , their average pay of $ 180,700 last year was an increase of only 1.3 % from the average CEO pay of $ 178,400 in 2013 . In contrast , the BLS reports that the average pay of all workers increased by 1.7 % last year to $ 47,230 from $ 46,440 in 2013 . That 's right , the average worker last year saw an increase in their pay that was more than 30 % greater than the increase in pay for the average US CEO .
And the “ CEO-to-worker pay ratio ” for the average CEO compared to the average worker was only 3.83 times last year ( see chart above ) , nowhere close to the pay ratio of 331X reported by the AFL-CIO using the 350 highest-paid CEOs in the country . Call it a “ statistical falsehood-to-truth ratio ” of 87-to-1 for the AFL-CIO 's exaggerated , bogus ratio . The chart above also shows that the real CEO-to-worker pay ratio has not been increasing as is frequently reported , but instead has been remarkably constant over the last 13 years , averaging 3.8-to-1 in a tight range between a maximum of 3.89-to-1 in 2004 and a minimum of 3.69-to-1 in both 2005 and 2006 . The ratio of 3.83-to-1 in the most recent year ( 2014 ) was actually the lowest CEO-to-worker ratio in six years , since 2008 .
Bottom Line : Discussions about “ excessive CEO pay ” and comparisons to average worker pay are distorted by looking at only an outlier group of the 300-350 CEOs of America 's largest , multinational companies , out of a total of almost 250,000 chief executives nationwide . Of course , many younger , risk-taking CEOs are running early stage startups and tech companies , and probably make even less than the average CEO reported by the BLS , as Scott Drum pointed out to me in a recent email . Further , he commented that “ The startup CEOs are usually not in it for the salary in the early years . They 're in it for the big payoff in the long run if things go exceptionally well . If we reduce or limit the size of the Big Payoff , do n't we reduce the number of people trying to get there ? ”
The fact that there are almost 250,000 ambitious CEOs making less than $ 200,000 today on average who are trying to someday be listed by the AFL-CIO or the Wall Street Journal as one of the top 300-350 highest-paid CEOs is a sign of a dynamic , wealth-generating , job-creating economy . We should applaud the richest 300-350 CEOs as a group of the most successful American business professionals , and not vilify them . And we should keep in mind that the CEO compensation surveys that generate all the media attention are always based on a tiny , elite outlier group , and not representative of the average CEO in America – who earns about as much as the average dentist and less than four times more than the average worker .
The distributed content storage and distribution platform Swarm is a fundamental component of Ethereum 's vision of a decentralised internet .
A recent series of orange papers outline a crypto-economic system that allows participants to efficiently pool their storage and bandwidth resources . The goal is a peer-to-peer serverless hosting , storage and serving solution that is DDOS-resistant , fault-tolerant , has zero-downtime , and is censorship-resistant .
In the very early days of the web , users had to manage their own servers and if their content suddenly became popular their servers could be incapacitated . This gave way to Web 2.0 and a `` Faustian bargain '' which traded control of content , access and user data for scalable hosting infrastructure which is kept cheap or free by selling on their profile info to third parties for targeted advertising .
This period , perhaps unsurprisingly , also saw the first peer-to-peer services gathering momentum . Notably , these P2P solutions offered higher levels of fault tolerance and resilience at a fraction of the cost of data centres .
As data sits in a redundant way across many people 's computers and servers , the system is censorship-resistent : a government is unable to prevent a whistleblower like WikiLeaks publishing content using a decentralised system .
Swarm lead developer Viktor Trón told IBTimes UK : `` It occurred to the founders of Ethereum quite early on that this could be a very good skeleton for a new generation of the web , a vision they termed Web 3 .
`` It 's important to realise that currently the web is missing a lot of the underlying infrastructure that allows people to transact with each other and have direct protocols to allow them to pay each other , or refer to each other 's reputation in a transparent and relatively standardised fashion .
`` It was quite obvious that they needed a decentralised file sharing and content storage system to complement this full web infrastructure , '' he said .
Trón highlighted three use cases of Swarm , relating to Ethereum . Firstly , as a content distribution system for Dapps ; secondly for certain application logic which is not consensus critical which you do n't want to be replicated on every node , think the database component of web applications ; and thirdly , the blockchain itself could be stored in a decentralised way .
Detailing the first one , Trón said Dapps are similar to webpages but with the notable difference that their sensitive business logic uses Ethereum and its decentralised consensus so the state of the application would be stored on the blockchain and manipulated through transactions , using say a Javascript API from a webpage .
The Ethereum blockchain storage of consensus sensitive data to be processed by every node is expensive ; the cost of redundancy is the trade-off which eliminates trusted third parties . Therefore Dapps are incentivised to have the minimum possible amount of information on the blockchain itself .
Trón provided some examples to illustrate this point : `` In a decentralised Facebook you would not want to register every 'like ' on the blockchain , or the posts on a decentralised Reddit , or the actual product descriptions of a decentralised eBay .
`` And similarly if you had a decentralised Airbnb , then you would have all the accommodation offerings with the photos of everything on Swarm . But those transactions that are critical for the reputation and the payment and for the escrow - like when a business deal is made - that information might go on the blockchain and that would verify certain data for payment and escrow and then reputation . ''
Trón explained the Swarm protocol , when serving content to other nodes , also caches content that may be requested and in the long run becomes saturated with it . `` So we have a system that is always running to maximum capacity . But what happens when new content is coming in and I 'm saturated ? Obviously what I would do is delete some stuff .
`` I ca n't delete content that is very popular . I would be stupid to do so , because if this content is often asked for then I get paid for it if i have it . That is one part of how the incentivisation works : you are compensated for serving up chunks to others .
`` As a result of caching , and having an incentive for doing the caching and then serving , you end up having a system which automatically scales to popularity . ''
In this way the system will give prominence to very popular Dapps and the blockchain itself , and can be thought of as compensating nodes for their bandwidth use , he said .
Swarm can also deal with content which may not be accessed often , but which must be preserved , like a birth certificate , for instance . `` This problem is basically the reliability of storage in the face of unpopularity . That 's a harder nut to crack . What we need to do is find a solution where both parties have a stake in behaving honestly .
`` It 's basically an insurance-based system . I can insure availability of that content for a particular amount of time , and offer a particular amount of money for it and ask for degree of reliability . ''
The solution proposed in the orange paper uses cryptographically verifiable proof of custody combined with erasure coding ( a method of data protection in which data is broken into fragments , expanded and encoded with redundant data pieces and stored across a set of different locations or storage media ) .
`` It 's a relatively novel approach we have taken with our proof of custody system , and just a nice way how it interacts with erasure code . ''
When asked about synergies between Swarm and related decentralised projects , Trón mentioned Interplanetary File System ( IPFS ) : `` IPFS enables us to redefine Swarm as a modular system where standard interfaces allow mutually interchangeable components .
`` So we could , for example , have an operational mode of Swarm , where the retrieval end of the protocol uses IPFS distributed hash table ( DHT ) or the default IPFS stack uses Swarm 's erasure coding scheme or incentive system , '' he said .
Introduction
For a long time , most strategy for beginning and intermediate players for online poker has centered around taking advantage of loose and/or passive opponents . That 's a thought process that 's modeled after the older style of “ fish , ” but today 's players are better than that . More often than not , the players you 're going to be able to take advantage of the most have some basic understanding of aggression and essential poker concepts , so the way you beat them has to change as well .
Thankfully , the vast majority of players know just enough to get them in trouble if you know how to pull the strings .
We 're going to look at one way to use aggression against these players by inducing bluffs . This post is going to be a little math heavy , but if you 've read my EV Calculations Tutorial series , then you should be alright . I have n't had a post with a ton of math in it in a while , and I 'm going to try to keep this from turning into one because I want this stuff to be accessible .
Basic Concepts
The most basic bluff catching scenario is when we check/call on the river against a single opponent to close the action . It 's important to notice that we have to be out of position to have this option in the first place for the river scenario . To decide if we should induce a bluff in a vacuum , we 'll want to evaluate checking compared to betting ourselves .
A Simple Example
I like to start with simple , restrained examples and then work backwards to more complicated ones . Understanding how things work on the micro level like this gives us a better idea of the inner workings of the larger picture .
Suppose we 're on the river out of position against a single opponent . The pot is $ 50 , and we have $ 35 behind . If either player bets , then it 's all-in . Our two options are shoving or check/calling . Let 's look at the EV equations for each :
EV of Shoving = ( Villain folds ) ( $ 50 ) + ( Villain calls ) ( Hero wins ) ( $ 85 ) + ( Villain calls ) ( Hero loses ) ( - $ 35 )
If we call Villain 's fold percentage F and our equity when called C , we get the following somewhat simplified equation :
EV of Shoving = 50F + 85C ( 1-F ) – 35 ( 1-C ) ( 1-F )
What 's important to note here is that both our opponent 's fold percentage and our equity when called affect the EV .
What About Inducing a Bluff ?
Now let 's look at the EV of check/calling instead . You 'll note that there are multiple factors at work in this equation as well :
EV of Check/Calling = ( Villain checks ) ( Hero 's equity ) ( $ 50 ) + ( Villain bets ) ( Hero wins ) ( $ 85 ) + ( Villain bets ) ( Hero loses ) ( - $ 35 )
And again , we can call Villain 's check percentage H , Hero 's checking through equity A and Hero 's check/call equity E :
EV of Check/Calling = 50AH + 85E ( 1-H ) – 35 ( 1-E ) ( 1-H )
What you 'll notice here is that these two equations are of the exact same form , but the variables are different . This is a really interesting equality of this situation , and it lends some insight into how we can compare these different scenarios .
What to Gain From This Analysis ?
Look at the pairs of variable sections of the terms from one equation to the next , and you 'll see some interesting comparisons . We 're going to look at those comparisons here to show you why they happen and what they mean .
Comparison 1 : F vs AH
Here we 're comparing our opponent 's fold percentage to the product of Villain 's check percentage and our equity . Our fold percentage will almost always be higher . For example , if we think Villain only folds 30 percent of the time in some spot , that might seem low . However , if Villain checks through 50 percent of the time we check , and we have 50 percent equity when he checks through , then the value of AH is 0.50 * 0.50 which is only 25 percent .
However , this is n't a good thing if we have a hand that would be ahead of our opponent 's calling range because we do n't want our opponent to be folding so much when we are so strong .
Comparison 2 : C ( 1-F ) vs. E ( 1-H )
We 're comparing two things here , and to be clear , I 'm going to list them like the following :
C ( 1-F ) : How often Villain calls multiplied by our equity when called . E ( 1-H ) : How often Villain bets multiplied by our equity when he bets .
What you 'll notice here is that we 're essentially comparing the same exact thing here . We want to know what percentage of the time we win if either player bets . This can be a trade-off . For example , if betting gives us 40 percent equity with Villain calling 60 percent of the time , that will contribute to the EV in the same way as if our opponent would have bet 40 percent of the time we check giving us 60 percent equity .
The lesson here is that our equity matters just as much as how often the money goes in for the total EV of our plays .
Comparison 3 : ( 1-C ) ( 1-F ) vs. ( 1-E ) ( 1-H )
Again , I 'll spell out what these variables mean for the sake of clarity :
( 1-C ) ( 1-F ) : How often Villain calls multiplied by Villain 's equity when called . ( 1-E ) ( 1-H ) : How often Villain bets multiplied by Villain 's equity when he bets .
This is more or less the opposite situation of the second comparison above . We 're looking at Villain 's equity in each of the two situations when the money actually goes in . Along similar lines , how often the money goes in each way is just as important as the equity we have when it does .
Overview
Inducing bluffs is generally best under a number of specific conditions , but it always has to be taken in context to value betting ( and vice versa ) . Considering the following points and their converses :
The more your hand beats your opponent 's calling range , the more likely you should be to value bet .
The more your hand beats your opponent 's betting range , the more likely you should be to check .
The more your opponent calls when you value bet , the more likely you should be to value bet ( if your hand beats his range ) .
The more your opponent bets when checked to , the more likely you should be to induce bluffs ( if your hand beats his range ) .
Where to Go From Here
Start off by posting your thoughts in this forum thread where I 'll add additional notes soon .
All of my polish has arrived and they have a new home in my brand-new Helmer ! It 's taken me forever to unpack and take/edit these pics but I wanted to share my stash with you guys…
How I packed them for their long move
I rolled ( on average ) 3 bottles in bubble wrap then taped it along the seam and each end . I then took the “ roll ” of bottles and put them in a plastic bag and sealed them shut .
Pile ‘ o Polish
Avon , Revlon , Claire 's , Rimmel
Pure Ice , Sinful Colors , Spoiled , Savvy
WnW
Orly
Orly
Orly
Scandal , Nfu-Oh , Nubar , Essie
Layla
Nailene , L'Oréal , Hard Candy , Stripe Rite
FingerPaints
Milani , OPI
Maybelline
China Glaze
China Glaze
China Glaze
China Glaze
Color Club
Color Club
Color Club
Sally Hansen
Sally Hansen
Sally Hansen
Sally Hansen
Sally Hansen
Sally Hansen
Nails Inc .
Kleancolor
Kleancolor
Kleancolor
Kleancolor
Gelish
Sally Girl
Sally Girl
Bon Bon , Sinful Colors , Konad
Nail Tek , Growing Nails with Garlic , Salon Science , Nutra Nail
Nutra Nail , Nail Magic , Salon Science , Nail Life
My Helmer ! !
Drawer 1
Drawer 2
Drawer 3
Drawer 4
Drawer 5
Drawer 6
After taking all these pics I realized I have a ton of polish ( final count is 282 including BC & TC ) so I 've put myself on a no-buy ( with the exception of the new Layla Hologram colors and ChG Bohemian collection ) !
TOKYO -- The Japanese government sees the threat from North Korea rising to a new level as the reclusive nation makes steady progress in its nuclear and missile development program , according to a draft of a white paper on defense for 2017 .
In the 2016 edition , the Defense Ministry described Pyongyang 's military provocation as constituting `` a serious and imminent threat . '' It will use stronger wording in its 2017 report to be drawn up in early August .
The draft report says that the North 's ballistic missile development has four characteristics : longer ranges , growing sophistication for a so-called saturation attack , pursuit of secrecy , and a wider variety of launch forms .
A ballistic missile that North Korea launched in May reached an altitude of more than 2,000km . It was fired on a lofted trajectory , making interception more difficult than if flown on a standard trajectory , which would give the missile a longer reach than the actual 800km , the report maintains .
On China , the report noted that the nation 's defense budget has grown roughly threefold in a decade . With Chinese military ships spotted passing between the Japanese islands of Okinawa and Miyako , such instances of vessels sailing toward the Pacific Ocean will become more frequent , Tokyo predicted .
As for the U.S. government under President Donald Trump , the report noted that the administration places importance on security in the Asia-Pacific region .
( Nikkei )
In the world of martial arts , the takedown refers to a category of moves that includes sweeps , trips , throws , and tackles – really anything that takes your opponent off of their feet and puts them on the ground . Specific arts like Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , Judo , and wrestling , have incredibly advanced methods of takedowns that have been developed over decades , and in some cases , centuries . While a takedown can be as elaborate or as simple as a situation allows or demands , the fundamental principles of balance and shifting the center of mass can never change – no matter what is happening , the goal is still to take your opponent 's two legs out from underneath him in some way .
Most people have been a practitioner or a fan of some sort of competition or another that involves taking the opponent to the ground , martial arts , rugby , American football , etc. , and have at least a basic idea of how one could perform a takedown or tackle . Here we will build upon this knowledge and delve further into what is happening behind the scenes to make these techniques so efficient .
Once we cover the basic science behind how one puts another onto the ground , we will take a quick look at how the force of the takedown is calculated and some examples .
The Basic Premise of a Takedown
Jason Thalken is a martial artist , has a Ph.D. in physics , and wrote the book Fight Like a Physicist : The Incredible Science Behind Martial Arts . In the book , he pairs down the science of takedowns into a single simple concept . He asserts that the various takedown methods all derive from a very basic premise – moving the center of your opponents mass away from its supports ( typically the legs ) , or moving those supports away from the center of mass . Once either of those is accomplished , your opponent must either adjust or go to the ground . The various techniques almost always include a particular method of either pulling , grabbing or moving the opponent that prevents them from correcting their balance . This “ method ” stops him from re-aligning his center of mass and supports — think off-balancing your opponent and then trapping the legs so he can not recover out of the fall ( this simple concept underpins most BJJ transitions as well ) .
Let 's use the basic hip throw as a method to analyze this concept in action . There are various methods of doing this depending on the sport or situation , so let 's just deal with the universals . Your opponent will likely be upright and facing you , meaning that his center of gravity or mass is going to approximately be between his spine and his navel , about at waist height . The first step will be to get into range and grab onto him — this is done in order for you to be able to affect him and shift that center of gravity . The next step will be to pull your opponent in one direction or another to force him off balance . While the opponent is off balance , he will try to either move his legs or body in some way to realign the mass and supports – simultaneous with that moment you will drop a bit lower and swing one of your hips into him , allowing you to place yourself under his center of mass . Once your pelvis is cutting off the connection between his mass ( body ) and supports ( legs ) , it is merely a matter of following through with the pull & turn , and they will go flying .
A typical wrestling takedown or American football tackle can be summarized just as quickly . In both , you get lower than the opponent 's center of mass , place yourself underneath his weight as you simultaneously pull his supports out from underneath him . Then depending on your goal , you drive through , or drive and twist ( or a whole bunch of other nuanced techniques ) taking him completely off balance and ensuring his supports can not get back underneath him .
It is an incredibly basic concept , but once you learn to look at the science behind why the opponent goes to the ground , you can begin to implement and force takedowns in numerous situations . A good understanding of body mechanics has infinite possibilities for the creative martial artist .
Torque
The basics of a takedown are simple enough to comprehend . How one generates great force into a sweep , tackle , or throw can get a bit more complicated . There are some terms you will need to know :
Center of Mass : Also called the center of gravity , is the “ position defined relative to an object or system of objects ” or the “ centroid ” on the human body this is typically just above where the legs meet the upper body .
Also called the center of gravity , is the “ position defined relative to an object or system of objects ” or the “ centroid ” on the human body this is typically just above where the legs meet the upper body . Acting Force : If you have pulled an opponent off balance , the acting force will be gravity directing the force straight down from his center of gravity – if the center of gravity is over the ground and not the legs , the body will simply tip over . During a throw or tackle , you will be exerting the acting force in conjunction with gravity .
If you have pulled an opponent off balance , the acting force will be gravity directing the force straight down from his center of gravity – if the center of gravity is over the ground and not the legs , the body will simply tip over . During a throw or tackle , you will be exerting the acting force in conjunction with gravity . Lever Arm : The size of the lever arm is the amount of leverage you have with the force you exert . It is an invisible line that runs from where the person is pivoting , and intersects with the direction of the acting force . It is officially defined as the perpendicular distance from the axis of rotation/pivot point to the destination of the line of action of the force . In the case of an off-balance person with no other acting forces , that destination is the spot on the ground directly underneath his center of mass – since the only acting force is gravity .
: The size of the lever arm is the amount of leverage you have with the force you exert . It is an invisible line that runs from where the person is pivoting , and intersects with the direction of the acting force . It is officially defined as the perpendicular distance from the axis of rotation/pivot point to the destination of the line of action of the force . In the case of an off-balance person with no other acting forces , that destination is the spot on the ground directly underneath his center of mass – since the only acting force is gravity . Pivot Point : This can be the hips if someone is bending at the waist . In the case of pulling someone off balance while they remain upright , this will be the feet .
This can be the hips if someone is bending at the waist . In the case of pulling someone off balance while they remain upright , this will be the feet . Newton : The Standard International ( SI ) unit of force . One newton is the force required to cause a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at a rate of 1 meter per second squared .
Now the torque , or energy of the throw , is determined by multiplying the lever arm by the line of the force and the pivot point . The torque of the throw must overcome the resistant given by the opponent . Remember the more off balance someone is , the longer the lever arm will be . This means that the more you can move his center of gravity away from the supports the more energy your throw will have .
This is just the scientific way of saying the more off balance you make him , the easier he will fall .
Different techniques are all simply different methods of playing with and affecting these forces .
Torque and Impulse-Momentum in Action
To learn more about the science of Impulse-Momentum check out our article regarding the science of punching here . The force of an opponent 's body hitting the ground is going to be calculated the same way , with the ground acting as an immovable object that returns the force of the strike back into the falling body .
Once torque affects the opponent , it creates a certain amount of momentum . This momentum , the velocity of the body through the air coupled with its mass , is the amount of force being driven into the ground ( and back into the body ) . Obviously , different ground surfaces will return different amounts of force back into the falling body .
An interesting study regarding the newtons generated by a throw was conducted in 2006 and has some interesting findings that are worth sharing here . The study tracked the height , weight , and skill level of the participants and then measured the power they generated with certain throws . The results of the study allow us to analyze some of the science we talked about in action .
A shoulder throw was able to generate an average force of 120.4 newtons over 0.74 seconds , with an average Impulse of 89.0 newton-second .
The hip throw ( with the thrower landing on top of the thrown ) generated an average force of 158.9 newtons over 0.63 seconds with an average Impulse of 100.1 newton-seconds
The leg throw , or power trip ( osoto-gari ) , had an average force of 156.3 newtons over 0.73 seconds with an average Impulse : 113.0 newton-seconds
Interestingly enough you can see the shoulder throw , which brings the opponent highest off the ground , generated the least amount of force . This is due to the fact that the movement has a large amount of forward momentum even after contact – it does n't abruptly stop in the same way as the other two which allows more of the force to dissipate . It is the abruptness of the impact and the bodies movement being stopped that generates the impulse .
Now that you know some of the basic science behind takedowns , go and use it to your advantage . Having some insight into these basic concepts can help you understand why a certain takedown you are attempting may not be working and it might even help you come up with new takedowns of your own .
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-NV ) addresses a news conference at the U.S. Capitol in Washington , January 16 , 2014 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama met on Monday with Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid to explore ways to try to prevent Republicans from winning control of the Senate from the Democrats in the November elections , a top party aide said .
Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado , chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , also attended the White House meeting along with Guy Cecil , executive director of the committee , said the aide , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Republicans need a net gain of six seats on Election Day to take the Senate , now held by Democrats , 55-45 .
Troubled by Obama 's low approval ratings , a number of Senate Democrats in tough races have begun to distance themselves from the president in their re-election campaigns .
Obama needs Democrats to have any chance of having any legislative successes this year , such as his push to reduce the gap between rich and poor .
The president plans to hold a reception at the White House on Tuesday with House Democrats and address Senate Democrats at their annual retreat in Washington on Wednesday .
At Monday 's meeting , Obama and Reid did not discuss the senator 's comments last week opposing the president 's push for expanded authority to negotiate trade deals , the party aide said .
Makuch 's ongoing reporting around IS militants led him to notice a suspected Canadian member of the IS who was particularly active online : Farah Mohamed Shirdon .
Makuch has been a full-time journalist at VICE since 2014 and was a contributor dating back to 2012 . He has exclusively reported on the Canadian military 's collaboration with Academi ( formerly known as Blackwater ) , the rise of the Canadian arms trade , and has closely followed the activities of known IS militants online . Prior to VICE , he worked at The Canadian Press .
Up until this week , VICE News was prohibited from reporting on the RCMP 's production order due to a court-ordered sealing order . VICE is contesting the production and sealing orders in court , on the principles of protecting any and all sources , protecting freedom of the press , and to avoid the situation wherein the Canadian news media becomes a veritable investigative arm of the law .
In February of this year , the RCMP entered VICE Media 's offices in both Toronto and Montreal and served Vice Media and Makuch with a production order . In Canada , a production order is similar to a search warrant .
VICE News is fighting an attempt by the RCMP — Canada 's federal police force — to obtain `` any notes and all records of communications '' between VICE News reporter , Ben Makuch , and former Calgary resident-turned-Islamic State ( IS ) militant , Farah Mohamed Shirdon .
Read more
VICE News is fighting an attempt by the RCMP — Canada 's federal police force — to obtain `` any notes and all records of communications '' between VICE News reporter , Ben Makuch , and former Calgary resident-turned-Islamic State ( IS ) militant , Farah Mohamed Shirdon .
In February of this year , the RCMP entered VICE Media 's offices in both Toronto and Montreal and served Vice Media and Makuch with a production order . In Canada , a production order is similar to a search warrant .
Up until this week , VICE News was prohibited from reporting on the RCMP 's production order due to a court-ordered sealing order . VICE is contesting the production and sealing orders in court , on the principles of protecting any and all sources , protecting freedom of the press , and to avoid the situation wherein the Canadian news media becomes a veritable investigative arm of the law .
Makuch has been a full-time journalist at VICE since 2014 and was a contributor dating back to 2012 . He has exclusively reported on the Canadian military 's collaboration with Academi ( formerly known as Blackwater ) , the rise of the Canadian arms trade , and has closely followed the activities of known IS militants online . Prior to VICE , he worked at The Canadian Press .
Makuch 's ongoing reporting around IS militants led him to notice a suspected Canadian member of the IS who was particularly active online : Farah Mohamed Shirdon .
Makuch was able to contact Shirdon , under one of his online aliases , through Twitter and KIK Messenger — an instant messaging platform for smartphones with over 14 million users . Through Makuch 's exchanges with Shirdon , VICE was one of the first organizations in the world to communicate directly with IS via social media . This provided an unprecedented view into the intentions and motivations of IS members . Makuch wrote two articles for VICE based on his communications with Shirdon , which led to the production order .
Related : Cops Have Charged an Islamic State Militant Who Threatened NYC in a VICE News Interview
In October of last year , just before the tragic Parliament Hill shooting in Ottawa , Shirdon told Makuch : `` Canadians at home shall face the brunt of the retaliation . If you are in this crusader alliance against Islam and Muslims you shall see your streets filled with blood Inshaa Allah . ''
Makuch 's reporting on Shirdon also led VICE CEO and founder Shane Smith to conduct an exclusive Skype interview with Shirdon himself . That interview was incendiary enough to cause the RCMP to charge Shirdon with the `` commission of an indictable offence for a terrorist group '' after Shirdon warned of an Islamic State attack in New York City .
In conversation with Smith in September 2014 , Shirdon claimed `` a lot of brothers '' are in New York City `` mobilizing right now . ''
The RCMP has charged Shirdon with five other terrorism-related offenses in absentia . He is believed to still be living among IS .
`` VICE 's treatment by the RCMP is completely reprehensible , '' said Tom Henheffer , executive director of Canadian Journalists for Free Expression . `` Journalists are not lackies for the police and to use us that way is a totally unjustifiable violation of free expression and privacy rights . Going further and slapping a journalism outlet with a months-long gag order is even more absurd . This is not an effective way to fight terrorism , this is not how institutions in a free and democratic society are supposed to behave , and this sets a dangerous precedent for the free press in Canada that must not be repeated . ''
VICE News will be in court on Jan. 11 to argue its case against the Crown , which is representing the RCMP in this matter .
Patrick McGuire is the Head of Content for VICE Canada and a member of Canadian Journalists for Free Expression .
How “ not smart ” is today 's electricity grid ? Consider the answer most of us still hear on the phone when reporting an outage : “ Look outside ...
How “ not smart ” is today 's electricity grid ? Consider the answer most of us still hear on the phone when reporting an outage : “ Look outside and see if your neighbours ' lights are on . ”
State-of-the-art , self-healing , “ Jetsons ” -style power that 's not .
Based as it is on technology that was basically around 100 years ago , today 's grid has a long way to go before it 's “ smart ” enough to accommodate a future of electric cars , renewable energy sources and climate-focused carbon reduction requirements . Even tacking on a army of home-based smart meters wo n't be enough alone to get us there .
However , smart grid company Echelon today unveiled a new system that makes it possible for utilities to communicate with myriad low-voltage devices that operate across power networks but do n't currently “ talk ” when load stresses and other problems arise . The Echelon Control System ( ECoS ) software and Edge Control Node ( ECN ) 7000 hardware series will bring a whole new level of intelligence to utility companies ' distribution and transmission networks , says Jeff Lund , Echelon 's vice president of business development .
“ We 're taking smart grid beyond smart metering , ” Lund said . “ We 're pushing intelligence to the edge of the grid . ”
That edge is everything that lies between a utility 's power plants and the customer 's home , all the transformers and other devices that are the critically important middlemen in getting electricity from source to destination . More than enabling these devices to now communicate with electric companies , Echelon 's new software and hardware are designed to be open , modular and easily upgradable .
U.S.-based Duke Energy , the nation 's third-largest electricity provider , has signed on as Echelon 's first customer for the ECoS/ECN offering .
Lund says the open-platform ECoS software will enable developers and vendors to create whatever applications a utility wants to operate on top of the system , allowing for a whole new generation of add-ons akin to the zillions of apps available for iPhones . And the hardware will be able to work as easily with assets deployed 10 years ago as with those to be installed a decade down the road .
Lund calls it “ future proofness . ”
“ It 's not just about date transport , ” he says . “ It 's control. ” The combination of new hardware and software , Lund says , will let utilities not only receive information from devices on the grid , but help them identify and resolve potential problems before they become overwhelming and lead to service interruptions .
That sort of control will be increasingly vital in years to come as utilities are forced to deal with a host of new challenges : incorporating more energy from wind and solar sources , managing power plants to curb carbon emissions and meeting all of today ” s service demands while also preparing to accommodate a growing generation of plug-in electric vehicles . While some parts of the world are further along than others in confronting such issues — Denmark , for example , already leads the world in the proportion of electricity from distributed ( ie , small-scale ) sources of energy like solar panels — utility companies around the globe see change coming , Lund says .
“ The problems of Denmark today are the problems of Ohio tomorrow , ” he says .
Given a hash of some of the capitals of the world my % capital_of = ( Bangladesh = > 'Dhaka ' , Tuvalu = > 'Funafuti ' , Zimbabwe = > 'Harare ' , Eritrea = > 'Asmara ' , Botswana = > 'Gaborone ' , ) ; How can we get several values out of it in one step ?
Earlier we saw how to get a slice of an array or an array reference , this time we do something similar with hashes .
Hash slice
If we have a hash like the % capital_of above we can access individual elements in it using $ prefix and curly braces after the name :
$ capital_of { 'Bangladesh ' }
We can also create a list of some of the values be creating a list of these values :
( $ capital_of { 'Zimbabwe ' } , $ capital_of { 'Eritrea ' } , $ capital_of { 'Botswana ' } )
We can assign them names of the capitals to an array :
my @ african_capitals = ( $ capital_of { 'Zimbabwe ' } , $ capital_of { 'Eritrea ' } , $ capital_of { 'Botswana ' } ) ; print Dumper \ @ african_capitals ;
$ VAR1 = [ 'Harare ' , 'Asmara ' , 'Gaborone ' ] ;
If course listing `` $ hash_of '' 3 times is already too much for most of us , but if we had to list the capitals of all the African countries that would be really too much repetition .
Instead of that we use a syntax called hash slice . It returns a list of values . In this syntax we put a @ in front of the name of the hash and put curly braces { } after it . Within the curly braces we put one or more keys of the hash . This will return the values of the appropriate keys .
my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { 'Zimbabwe ' , 'Eritrea ' , 'Botswana ' } ;
Results in the same list of capitals .
If you want to avoid the quotes and spaces you can also use qw :
my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { qw ( Zimbabwe Eritrea Botswana ) } ;
The same would work no matter how we supply the keys of the hash , ( the names of African countries ) . It can be an expression including a function returning names or an array holding the names like here :
my @ countries_in_africa = qw ( Zimbabwe Eritrea Botswana ) ; my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { @ countries_in_africa } ;
Hash slice on the left-hand side
The same syntax can also be used on the left-hand side of the equation . For example :
@ capital_of { 'Belize ' , 'Kyrgyzstan ' } = ( 'Belmopan ' , 'Bishkek ' ) ; print Dumper \ % capital_of ;
$ VAR1 = { 'Tuvalu ' = > 'Funafuti ' , 'Eritrea ' = > 'Asmara ' , 'Bangladesh ' = > 'Dhaka ' , 'Zimbabwe ' = > 'Harare ' , 'Kyrgyzstan ' = > 'Bishkek ' , 'Belize ' = > 'Belmopan ' , 'Botswana ' = > 'Gaborone ' } ;
Here too we could use any expression in place of either of the lists :
my @ countries = ( 'Belize ' , 'Kyrgyzstan ' ) ; my @ capitals = ( 'Belmopan ' , 'Bishkek ' ) ; @ capital_of { @ countries } = @ capitals ;
Example
See the full sample script I used to generate the code snippets :
examples/hash_slices.pl
use strict ; use warnings ; use Data : :Dumper qw ( Dumper ) ; my % capital_of = ( Bangladesh = > 'Dhaka ' , Tuvalu = > 'Funafuti ' , Zimbabwe = > 'Harare ' , Eritrea = > 'Asmara ' , Botswana = > 'Gaborone ' , ) ; # my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { 'Zimbabwe ' , 'Eritrea ' , 'Botswana ' } ; # my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { qw ( Zimbabwe Eritrea Botswana ) } ; my @ countries_in_africa = qw ( Zimbabwe Eritrea Botswana ) ; # my @ african_capitals = @ capital_of { @ countries_in_africa } ; # print Dumper \ @ african_capitals ; # @ capital_of { 'Belize ' , 'Kyrgyzstan ' } = ( 'Belmopan ' , 'Bishkek ' ) ; my @ countries = ( 'Belize ' , 'Kyrgyzstan ' ) ; my @ capitals = ( 'Belmopan ' , 'Bishkek ' ) ; # @ capital_of { @ countries } = @ capitals ; # print Dumper \ % capital_of ;
Perl 5.20 and newer
As Dave Cross pointed out , starting from Perl version 5.20 you can also write :
my % africa = % capital_of { 'Zimbabwe ' , 'Eritrea ' , 'Botswana ' } ;
Researcher Hannah Sheppard-Brennand at the coast near Coffs Harbour . Credit : Southern Cross University However these appendages , known as globiferous pedicellariae , usually remain attached to the sea creatures , which feed on algae and weed on relatively shallow ocean floors . The collector sea urchin is different . `` When harassed , these urchins release pedicellariae into the water , producing a halo around the urchin , '' Ms Sheppard-Brennand said . `` It 's like something out of a miniature horror movie . ''
Collector sea urchins have an amazing defence mechanism , scientists have found . Credit : Southern Cross University She said that people who regularly handle these urchins report being bitten . They are a seafood delicacy in many countries , including Japan , so fishermen - and marine biologists - are particularly susceptible . The pedicellariae head of a collector sea urchin with its 'jaws ' open and teeth revealed . Credit : Southern Cross University `` When you 're working with the animals you get a lot of pedicellariae on your hands . We 've all been bitten at some stage , '' Ms Sheppard-Brennand said .
`` When they do bite you , if it feels like a bee sting or a bull-ant bite . It burns and the area swells up . You get a hive and sometimes the area can ache for 24 hours . '' In the ocean , she said you are more likely to be injured by the spines on the urchins when you step on them . The species in this research , which is published in the June edition of The American Naturalist , is a common tropical and sub-tropical species . `` It is not often found off the coast of Sydney , '' Ms Sheppard-Brennand said . `` But it is common in the waters further north , such as around the National Marine Science Centre at Coffs Harbour . '' The urchins have hundreds to thousands of these detachable jaws charged and ready to deploy .
Ms Sheppard-Brennand said they are unlikely to release them all at once . `` We have observed them releasing hundreds at a time , '' she said . `` Even then , they are in such high density - hundreds or even thousands on a single urchin - that they retain an arsenal while they are regenerating . '' In similar species it takes 50 to 60 days to regrow the venomous jaws . University of Sydney Professor of Marine and Developmental Biology Maria Byrne , who was not involved in the study , said collector urchins would also cover themselves with bits of shell , rubble and even plastic .
`` It is thought that the cover acts as a camouflage so that fishes do n't see them , but if they are hassled by a fish they have their defence in the battery of toxic pedicellaria , '' she said . Ms Sheppard-Brennand 's supervisor is Associate Professor Symon Dworjanyn from the National Marine Science Centre in Coffs Harbour .
He said that this surprising discovery might explain why this species of sea urchin is often seen on the open sea floor while others tend to hid in rocks or are nocturnal . The urchin 's venom is non-lethal even to the fish and lobsters that hunt the urchins . Rather , it helps act as a deterrent to pursuit . `` When they release the cloud of pedicellariae into the water , something is released with it that acts as a deterrent to pursuit , '' Ms Sheppard-Brennand said . She said in conjunction with other defences this helps them to evade predators . And are they tasty ?
`` People in my lab have eaten them in front of me . But I feel I know too much about their life cycle - from baby to adult - so I 've personally never eaten one . ''
Choose A Book And Read To Your Barber , He 'll Take A Little Money Off The Top
Enlarge this image toggle caption Keith Jason/Courtesy of Keith Jason/Courtesy of Keith Jason
Jozef Jason came to the Fuller Cut barbershop for one reason : the kid 's mohawk . It 's almost second-grade picture day , and he wants to look good . He hops up onto an antique swivel chair and asks his barber for the new 'do .
`` It 's high on the top and short on the bottom , and lines that go in a diagonal line where the top is gon na be , '' explains the 7-year-old .
Jozef came for the mohawk , but his dad , Keith Jason , chose this barbershop over all the others in Ypsilanti — a working-class town just outside Ann Arbor , Mich. — for a different reason . At the Fuller Cut , kids get a $ 2 discount if they read a book aloud to their barber .
You know , maybe someday some kid will grow up and be a journalist , be a writer , and he 'll say , 'You know what , when I was young , my barber used to make me read . ' ``
`` It 's an amazing thing , '' Jason says . `` It 's helping my pockets , it 's helping their education , and it 's helping prepare a better future for them , so I love it . ''
This program made its way to Ypsilanti because of Ryan Griffin , who has been cutting mohawks , fades and tapers here for 20 years . He says he first read about a similar literacy program in Harlem , N.Y. , so he asked his boss if they could replicate it . Within a few weeks , people in the area were donating books to the cause .
`` We get complimented by teachers that will say it does so much for these kids throughout the school year , '' he says .
You can find similar programs all over the country , from Houston , to Dubuque , Iowa , to Columbus , Ohio .
But here at the Fuller Cut , it 's not just enough to read the book out loud . Kids , Griffin explains , get quizzed by their barber to make sure they understand what they read .
toggle caption Keith Jason/Courtesy of Keith Jason
`` Any help these kids can get with reading and ... comprehension is a big thing . You know , maybe someday some kid will grow up and be a journalist , be a writer , and he 'll say , 'You know what , when I was young , my barber used to make me read . ' ``
Jozef picks We 're Going on a Lion Hunt from a stack of books piled on top of two green tables in the waiting room .
`` We 're going on a lion hunt , '' he reads . `` We 're going to catch a big one . We 're not scared , been there before . ''
Meanwhile , Keith Jason encourages his younger son , Joziah , to pick a book while they wait for his turn .
`` Hey , Bud , pick out a book that 's gon na challenge you , nothing too easy . All right ? ''
A lot of young black boys come to the Fuller Cut to get a trim , and the shop tries to reflect that in its book selection . Books about black baseball players and black kid detectives make up a lot of the titles .
More than a hundred kids have read to the Ypsilanti barbers over the past year . Some more willingly than others .
Georgio Pitts , 9 , is going into fifth grade this year . He does n't seem super enthusiastic about reading . His dad says Georgio would rather play video games , but he makes his son grab a book all the same . His pick ? Home Run Kings .
He may not love the reading part , but the part where he gets $ 2 from the barber to put in his piggy bank ? That part is pretty great .
Theo Walcott outlined Arsenal 's desire to step up and truly `` challenge '' for major trophies after they sealed a 16th straight qualification for the Champions League group stage .
• Brewin : Ramsey 's reprieve
Speaking after the 2-0 win over Turkish side Fenerbahce -- which completed a 5-0 aggregate triumph -- the England winger said it was up to him and his team-mates to demand more of themselves in the coming season , and to become a genuine contender domestically and continentally .
`` For a club like this , '' Walcott said , `` with the stadium , the support that we have -- we have to be that . We do n't want to be [ just ] challenging for that fourth spot anymore . We want to challenge for the Premier League and that 's our main goal .
`` We know Arsenal 's a massive club and where we need to be . What we need to do is get to the next level and compete a little bit more -- not just getting into the Champions League . The next step is to compete . ''
A return to Europe 's elite club competition is crucial in the continued development of Arsene Wenger 's side , according to Walcott , and he pointed out the improving form of midfielder Aaron Ramsey , the scorer of three goals across the two Fenerbahce matches , as evidence of that .
`` In the Champions League you 're playing against the best players in Europe , '' Walcott said , `` and you want to be judged on that . If you play against the best players , you 're only going to improve yourself and I think you can see a lot of improvements on a few players this year and especially Aaron . He 's worked very hard pre-season .
`` He ended the season last year very , very well , but this season he 's just taken off and hit a new level . It 's great to see because he deserves it after a lot of injury problems . I 'm very happy for him . ''
Even if Arsenal 's heavy first-leg win in Istanbul rather skewed the atmosphere of the return , 24-year-old Walcott said the generally assured manner of their performance in London was a sign of their current fluency .
`` We 're playing good football , '' he said , `` and we 're starting to take our chances now as well . It was n't the best spectacle but we did the job . We did n't want to be complacent -- that was the main task at the start of it . I felt that in the first half we are a bit sloppy , to be honest , but we got out in the second half and we were just very professional . ''
Walcott expects the next visitors to the Emirates to put up rather more of a fight , with local rivals Tottenham the opponents on Sunday afternoon .
`` Tottenham 's a big test , '' he said . `` We know their strengths and we just have to make sure we utilise their weaknesses . They 've invested well ; they 've got some very good players and a very good manager as well , but we need to make sure we focus on ourselves -- and the way we 're playing at the moment , we can beat anyone . ''
Despite Tottenham 's busy transfer window contrasting sharply with a quiet summer for the Arsenal club chequebook , Walcott believes his side have the quality required to take local bragging rights .
`` Every club 's different , '' he insisted . `` They 've invested their money very well , but for us players , we go out there and do a job on Sunday . We do n't care who we 're playing against -- whether they 've brought in £30 million stars , it does n't matter . We just want to focus on our game , especially at home , I feel we can win . ''
`` I feel that we 're very , very strong , '' Walcott continued . `` Everyone may say that our squad 's very weak and that there 's not many of us , but I think we 've showed in the last few games that we could bounce back from a very disappointing result in the first game . We 've proved a lot of people wrong . We just have to make sure we step up on Sunday . ''
The game will mark a change for Walcott , with his habitual opponent on the Tottenham left , Gareth Bale , expected to have completed a transfer to Real Madrid before the weekend .
`` He 's still at Tottenham at the moment , '' Walcott stressed . `` It 's been going on a very long time -- it looks like it 's going to happen but if he 's not there , it 'll be very odd not seeing him in a Tottenham shirt and not playing against him .
`` I 'm very happy for him and hopefully he can do well , '' Walcott said , quickly adding `` if he stays or goes . ''
Veena Panchal , from a suburb of Mumbai , found out in 2002 that she was HIV positive . She has been taking generic , domestically-produced medicine for treatment since . ( Photo courtesy of Médecins Sans Frontières )
Compared to a number of other nations , India has done an incredible job of keeping medicine cheap enough that its citizens can afford to buy whatever it is that they need . Most importantly , it avoids handing out patents for drugs unless they 're completely new or have some sort of therapeutic advantage over already-available treatments , meaning that the vast majority of life-saving medicines are free to be replicated and sold by any company that wishes to do so .
For example , in 2012 , German Big Pharma company Bayer were charging $ 4,500 ( £2,780 ) per month for a kidney and liver cancer medicine . Deeming that a little too pricey in a country where the average yearly wage is around a quarter of that number , the Indian government granted a license to manufacturer Natco to produce a generic alternative to the branded medicine , as long as they paid some royalties to Bayer . As a result , the price of the medicine decreased by a massive 97 percent .
However , aggressive lobbying from US pharmaceutical companies is set to change all that . America 's pharmaceutical plutocrats are attempting to revise intellectual property laws in India , meaning that many people seeking treatment will be forced to buy expensive US imports instead of domestically produced replicas . Which obviously is n't great news for the 96.9 percent of citizens living with less than $ 5 ( £3 ) a day .
In most drug-producing countries that are n't India , once a drug has been developed and a first patent filed and granted , pharmaceutical companies then engage in a practice called `` evergreening '' . That practice basically involves undermining access to affordable medicines by using a variety of tactics to extend the company 's monopoly on the drug past its initial 20-year patent period . By obtaining multiple secondary patents , often for trivial modifications to the original , companies are able to protect their product for decades , preventing production of cheaper generic replicas .
Because Indian patent law forbids evergreening , the country 's generic pharmaceutical companies have been able to produce affordable versions of foreign medicines to suit their nation 's income . But it 's that law that 's coming under pressure from the US government and international drug companies , with both institutions wanting India to allow evergreening , therefore further tightening the companies ' grasp on drug monopolies . That , of course , means that low-cost generic medicines will simply disappear , leaving India 's sick the choice of whether to submit to severe poverty in order to raise the cash for US imports , or forego treatment altogether . Either way , India loses .
Nolitha Tsilana , a Médecins Sans Frontières nurse , delivers TB pills to a patient in Khayelitsha township , Cape Town . ( Photo courtesy of Médecins Sans Frontières )
And it 's just not those needing medical treatment in India who should be worried about the lobbying . India has been referred to as `` the pharmacy of the developing world '' , exporting more than half of its generic medicine to the world 's poorest countries every year . And the exports include more than just paracetamol and basic painkillers ; the Indian pharmaceutical industry produces treatments for life-threatening diseases , like hepatitis C and HIV – treatments that the countries importing them do n't have the resources to make themselves .
In fact , speaking to Rohit Malpani from Médecins Sans Frontières ( an organisation that relies heavily on affordable generic drugs ) , he stressed that even a tiny alteration in the law `` would have enormous impacts on public health systems in sub-Saharan Africa , Latin America and Southeast Asia '' .
The crushing irony of the whole thing is that the vast majority of medicines taken in the US – and those distributed by US aid programmes – are of the generic variety , many of which are developed by Indian manufacturers . So that 's Indians , US aid agencies , Médecins Sans Frontières , the world 's poor and vulnerable and US citizens that US pharmaceutical companies could be screwing over with the proposed change in law .
According to the letter sent to President Obama that outlines the proposals to force India into buying American-made medicine , Representatives Erik Paulsen , John Larson and 170 other members of Congress are `` deeply concerned about the growing trade imbalance between the United States and India '' . The lobbyists claim that India is `` harming '' US industry by `` jeopardising jobs and innovation here at home '' and having `` a negative impact on [ … ] investment in the United States '' .
You 'd been forgiven for thinking that these were the words of a right-wing venture capitalist with no ability to value human life over the prospect of making a little more money . But Rohit pointed out that the support is `` decidedly non-partisan '' , saying that `` we do n't see any empathy or understanding of the measures that the Indian government or other governments are taking to ensure affordable medicine prices . In some ways , we often see very little space between the approaches of either political party '' .
Medicine distributed in Kenya by Médecins Sans Frontières . ( Photo courtesy of Sven Torfinn / Médecins Sans Frontières )
Paulsen and his patriotic friends are also worried that other countries may take up India 's abhorrent stance on producing medicine domestically for the benefit of its own people and join the attack on America 's economy , because `` [ India ] is a thought leader among emerging countries '' .
The justification the lobbyists have provided for their attack is that the Indian government 's attitude towards producing affordable alternatives is illegal – that they 're breaking intellectual property laws by replicating branded drugs . However , Rohit told me that `` every sort of impartial legal expert has validated India 's measures as being consistent with global trade rules '' .
Rather than just take Rohit 's word for it , I consulted a report from the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) . The report explained that member states should `` consider , whenever necessary , adapting national legislation in order to use to the full the flexibilities contained in the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights '' . These flexibilities in the law include compulsory licenses , just like the one awarded to Natco to produce a cheaper alternative to the kidney and liver cancer medication that Bayer were trying to peddle for almost 100 times more .
After approaching Pfizer – one of the main pharmaceutical companies behind the lobbying – and being bounced between multiple media departments , I was n't provided any comment . Instead , I was forwarded testimony that Chief Intellectual Property Counsel Roy Waldron delivered to the House of Representatives back in June . He stated that India 's actions lower their ability to `` provide faster access to life-saving medicines '' , and that the country was a `` hostile innovation and investment environment '' .
Which basically translates to : `` Because Indians have made their own medicine that people there can actually afford , nobody wants to waste thousands of dollars on the stuff we make that does exactly the same thing . Which is a mean and selfish thing to do to America 's billionaire pharmaceutical bosses . ''
A Pfizer booth at a medical trade show . ( Photo via )
After reading through Waldron 's novel take on how India looking after their sick is a direct attack on the US economy , I was kindly directed to some of the many think-tank websites that have been set up to push the anti-India initiative . The `` Alliance for Fair Trade with India '' , for example – which is n't just concerned with the pharmaceutical industry , but also technology and other sectors – is full of incisive information detailing how India is being `` unfair '' and is practising `` discrimination '' against US traders .
When I asked Rohit how the Indian government should go about countering all this political pressure and PR hot air , he said they should continue doing what they 've always done , which is to `` very carefully and continually defend these measures they have taken as legal '' .
Continuing , Rohit said that the Indian government should collaborate with other pressured countries to fight back , and emphasised how crucial it is that the government spreads `` knowledge and understanding amongst people in the country , [ so they ] understand how these very technical changes to the patent law will have an impact on their lives , as well as the lives of others '' .
If Paulsen and the other Congressmen get their way , it would undoubtedly sound the death knell for the generic medicine trade in general . Which would n't only affect those in India and the rest of the developing world , but countless others around the globe ; as Dr Margaret Chan , Director General of the World Health Organisation , said earlier this year : `` The costs of many new medical products are becoming unsustainable for even the wealthiest countries in the world . [ Of the 12 cancer drugs approved last year ] , 11 were priced above the $ 100,000 per patient per year . This price is unaffordable , for most patients , most health budgets and most insurance companies . These are problems for all countries , not just the developing world . ''
Follow Joseph on Twitter : @ josephfcox
More stories about pharmaceuticals :
Yaz and Yasmin Birth Control Pills May Have Killed 23 Canadians
Pharma-Conning in Egypt
Prescription Meds Could Make You Superhuman
Demo skill tree detailed , too
If you 've missed dual-wielding in Killing Floor 2 , I 've got good news for you . When to Incinerate N ' Detonate content update comes out , you 'll be able to buy dual 9mm pistols just like in the first game . Instead of just holding up your guns a little higher when you zoom , you 'll use the iron sights on the gun in your right hand . That makes a little more sense , I guess .
Tripwire Interactive 's the most recent update post also details how the Demo 's perk skills will work . They can rig doors to blow once they 're breached , use dynamite that explodes on contact , deal radiation damage during ZED time , and all sorts of other fun stuff .
If you go to the link above , you can see a graph that shows how much work Tripwire has left before the update is released . Each member of the team has under five days left . After that , they send it to QA . I 'm not sure how long QA will take , but it looks like the update will be released by month 's end . Do n't quote me on this !
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Image caption Air pollution is claimed to be the biggest environmental threat to human health
Parts of Scotland are failing to meet targets on air pollution , according to figures highlighted by an environmental campaign group .
Friends of the Earth Scotland ( FoES ) has drawn up a list of the most polluted streets in the country .
It said Scotland has yet to meet air quality targets that should have been achieved by 2005 , in spite of the risks to health .
The government said `` most of Scotland '' was meeting the targets .
FoES director Dr Richard Dixon said : `` Air pollution is the biggest environmental threat to people 's health , killing off at least 10 times the number who die in road crashes every year .
`` Some of these targets were set in the late 90s and supposed to be met in 2005 , yet we still have air pollution at dangerous levels on streets across Scotland .
`` Both the Scottish Government and our local authorities have failed to take this issue seriously and , between them , they need to do more than make promises they do n't deliver . ''
Nitrogen dioxide pollution `` top 10 '' Glasgow Kerbside
South Lanarkshire Raith Interchange
Aberdeen Wellington Road
Edinburgh St John 's Road
Dundee Lochee Road
Perth Atholl Street
Aberdeen Union Street
Edinburgh Queensferry Road
Dundee Meadowside
Paisley Central Road
Dr Dixon has drawn up a `` top 10 '' of Scotland 's most polluted streets . They were part of a group of 15 locations that failed to meet the EU and UK standard of 40 micrograms per cubic metre of nitrogen dioxide .
By this measure , the centre of Glasgow returned the worst readings .
A separate measure , based on particulate matter , showed 10 locations failing to meet the Scottish air quality objective . This target was to have been met in 2010 .
Dr Dixon claimed the results indicated a problem for the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
`` Glasgow has a particular problem , with heavy traffic and tall buildings combining to create a polluted city centre , and the government predicts these problems will not be fixed until after 2020 , '' he said .
`` This is bad news for the athletes and visitors who will come to Glasgow for next year 's Commonwealth Games . ''
The Scottish government has accepted localised problems remain but highlighted a general improvement in air quality .
A statement said : `` Over recent decades , there have been significant reductions in pollution emissions through tighter industrial regulation , improved fuel quality , cleaner vehicles and an increased focus on sustainable transport .
`` We recognise that we must build on achievements to date and continue to take action to improve air quality across Scotland . ''
On the question of pollution in Glasgow , the government added : `` A number of measures are being implemented to reduce air pollution in the city , including a commitment from Glasgow City Council to introduce and enforce Low Emission Zones at the Commonwealth Games venues in 2014 . ''
The Order of the Occult Hand is a whimsical secret society of American journalists who have been able to slip the meaningless and telltale phrase `` It was as if an occult hand had… '' in print as a sort of game and inside joke .
History [ edit ]
The phrase was introduced by Joseph Flanders , then a police reporter of The Charlotte News , in the fall of 1965 , when he reported on a millworker who was shot by his own family when he came back home late at night . He wrote :
It was as if an occult hand had reached down from above and moved the players like pawns upon some giant chessboard . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] — Joseph Flanders , The Charlotte News
Amused by this purple passage , in a local bar , his colleagues decided to commemorate Flanders ' achievement by forming the Order of the Occult Hand . They even showed Flanders a banner made of a bed sheet depicting a bloody hand reaching out of a purple cloud . Among the original members were : R.C . Smith , an associate editor ; Stewart Spencer , then an editorial writer ; John Gin , the city editor ; and several others , who vowed to get the words into print as soon as possible . [ 1 ] The editors were not happy about this mischief at all and ordered copy editors to be extremely vigilant , yet the phrase kept slipping into the paper and even into Down Beat , a jazz magazine , by Smith . [ 1 ] The News revealed this tradition of high spirits , how it started , in 1985 , when it went out of circulation . [ 1 ]
Alternatively , Paul Greenberg , the Pulitzer prize-winning editorial page editor of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , claimed that Reese Cleghorn , then an editorial writer of The Charlotte Observer , was the one who originated the Order . [ 3 ] Cleghorn denied this claim . [ 4 ] The Boston Globe once reported that the Occult Hand Club was a replacement for the Defective Busbar Club , which was open to any journalist who used the word , such as in `` the cause of the fire was attributed to a defective busbar , officials said . `` [ 5 ]
The occult-hand phrase did not stop in the Charlotte News and Observer , but has crept onto other media . [ 1 ] The use of the phrase has spread to newspaper media around the world like `` a cough in a classroom '' and `` a pox '' . [ 6 ] The Order was occasionally endangered by reckless and artless users of the phrase , [ 3 ] but it retained overall secrecy until 2004 , when James Janega of the Chicago Tribune published a thorough investigation about the Order . [ 6 ] Upon exposure to the public , Greenberg made a full confession . [ 3 ]
In 2006 , Greenberg announced that the Order had chosen a new secret phrase at an annual editorial writers ' convention and resumed a stealth operation . [ 7 ]
Members [ edit ]
Morgan , Thomas ( 14 June 2013 ) , `` 2 guys in R.I. growing fungi for profit '' , Providence Journal `` DiPietro picked up a small instrument that monitored the CO2 level . “ Getting up there , ” he noted . A few minutes later , as if by the wave of an occult hand , an alarm rang . ''
The Seattle Times in 2016 by Jennifer McDermott from The Associated Press
Jennifer McDermott ( 15 March 2016 ) . `` Fans use Lovecraft 's fame to promote Providence 's weird side '' . The Seattle Times . `` Some devotees have even reported feeling icy fingers on their arms and wrists , as if an occult hand had grabbed them . ''
References [ edit ]
A disc that never leaves the case can never be scratched . Save your Wii games to an external hard drive with this handy tutorial for speedier and scratch-free playback .
Advertisement
[ Update : Mike 's tutorial is no defunct . Check our guide , How to Back Up and Play Your Wii Games from an External Hard Drive , instead . ]
Lifehacker reader Mike put together a tutorial on enabling hard-drive-based playback on your Wii . It is n't as simple as just plugging in an external USB drive , but if you 're comfortable messing around with your Wii , it also is n't an impossibly geeky task . You need to have the Homebrew Channel installed . We 've covered how to install the Homebrew Channel here before , but console modding is an ever-changing business , so make sure to give Mike 's tutorial a full read before proceeding . Besides the Homebrew Channel , all you 'll need is an external USB 2.0 hard drive and freely available files listed in the tutorial . When it 's said and done , you 'll likely be the only one on the block—or in your city for that matter—with a hard-drive-driven Wii . Check out the video below to see the interface in action—Spawn-based skin mod not included :
Advertisement
If the video impressed you—and it certainly impressed me—you 'll want to dive into Mike 's tutorial . It covers how to install the USB loader , the game manager , and even how to set up the cover and disc art as seen in the menu in the demonstration video . Thanks Mike !
Advertisement
How to Store/Load Wii Games via USB Hard Drive
Straight from adventure time , it 's Finn 's Latest sword , made entirely of Demon Blood .
What time is it ? AAAAAADVENTURE TIME ! Created to my exact specifications by my good friend Randomteddybear , this sword was modeled after Finn 's Demon Blood sword from the hit cartoon , Adventure Time . Currently only available in Eyelander form . # # # # # # UPDATE : - Fixed the Crossguard impaling the Demoman 's head . Although the sword is still magic . - Gave the Blu Team 's version a less eye melty color . - Better Screenshots - Converted to the new steam pipe addon format with a new readme to match Fancy 3D Previews ! ================== Oooh look at them ! Are n't they so pretty ? This is honestly an amazing way to display them . I do n't know why more people do n't do it this way . TO INSTALL ================== Place in the Steamapps > Common > TF2 > Custom folder
The Upper East Side is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in the country , where on an average night the rich are able to quietly luxuriate without any disturbance from the “ other New York. ” Wednesday was not an average night .
A combative band of domestic workers , backed up by an actual band of musicians from the Rude Mechanical Orchestra , noisily arrived at the doorstep of millionaire socialite Elyse Slaine at 925 Park Avenue for a surprise visit . They were led by Filipina domestic worker Marichu De Sesto , who says she cooked and cleaned for Slaine for 15 years , working long and unpaid overtime hours , only to be abruptly kicked to the curb in May when she requested a day off for a medical appointment .
Returning to that curb with 50 activists and fellow workers at her back , De Sesto was denied entry to the building on Oct. 29 . She delivered a demand letter for her back wages , however , signed by Damayan Migrant Workers Association , Justice First and a host of other workers ' organizations .
De Sesto says that since May she has attempted numerous times to retrieve her unpaid wages from her final month of employment , but Slaine ignored the requests . Slaine may have expected that De Sesto was too isolated or weak to do anything more . She was wrong , as De Sesto soon found Damayan , an organization with years of experience in the fight against the exploitation of Filipino immigrants and domestic workers .
Slaine refused to come downstairs and see the woman who cared for her , her daughter , her dog , her duplex apartment and her Hamptons home for the last 15 years . Instead , her boyfriend came down and tried in vain to convince the police officers , guarding the front of the building , to disperse the crowd . The protesters , fully within their rights , stayed for nearly two hours , chanting , giving speeches , flyering to Slaine 's neighbors , and playing their instruments .
They left with a clear message , one that Slaine undoubtedly heard from her window : “ We 'll be back ! We 'll be back ! ”
Damayan and Justice First are organizing daily flyering outside the apartment building until Slaine comes to a just and comprehensive settlement for years of stealing De Sesto 's wages .
Thousands of dogs have found permanent homes , in part thanks to inmates at Florence McClure Women 's Correctional Center in Las Vegas .
Dogs live with the inmates in their cells as the women train them and make them more adoptable as part of the Pups on Parole program , which first started in 2004 . Many of the dogs have behavioral issues that have either led to them not being adopted or surrendered by their owners .
`` By the time they leave us , they 're rehabilitated and they go to good homes . We choose the homes . That 's where the volunteers come in , '' said Rachel Vosko , co-founder of Heaven Can Wait Animal Society , which partners with the Nevada Department of Corrections for the program . `` They help us find the homes because they also come into the prison . So we know what dogs go with each person . ''
The three dozen inmates in the Pups on Parole program have to have another job in the prison or be going to school in addition to taking care of the dogs . It helps simulate work so the dogs can get used to their owners not being at home . Inmates also ca n't have any disciplinary write ups for six months .
`` We do n't do this for any time off our sentence ; we do n't get paid for it . It 's completely self-rewarding , '' said 43-year-old Melonie Sheppard , who has been in prison for 15 years and the program for 5 .
Sheppard hopes to be granted parole in 2021 and is already planning on continuing to work with dogs once she 's out of prison .
`` I 've loved always loved animals . I did n't know that I had such a passion for dogs and dog training till I came in here , '' she said . `` It was just something that hit me in the heart , you know , a couple months after I got here . ''
Many women in the Pups on Parole program who are no longer in prison continue to work with animals , including at veterinarian 's offices , groomers , dog training and other fields .
`` Over the years , there 's been a lot of women that come into the program . Yes , I do understand they committed a crime , '' Vosko said . `` But to see them grow in this program , what the dogs do to their soul , it 's unbelievable . ''
25-year-old Erica Womack has been with Pups on Parole since 2014 , a year after she was first incarcerated . She is up for parole in November .
`` It 's helped me to grow . It 's helped me to get confidence , '' she said . `` It 's major responsibility . Not only are we giving back to society by saving these animals ' lives , but they 're also giving back to us and saving our lives . ''
Hashes to hashes
Okay . So this post was supposed to be about running on a cluster . I promise we will come to that eventually , but this week I got a bit side-tracked . Serendipity happened ! We will have to dive into Rust HashMaps characteristics .
Where were we ?
We are still working on “ Query2 ” , a simple groupby/sum query over uservisits , and trying to see how fast we can get it to run on today hardware .
SELECT SUBSTR ( sourceIP , 1 , X ) , SUM ( adRevenue ) FROM uservisits GROUP BY SUBSTR ( sourceIP , 1 , X )
The BigData benchmark provides the following performances for a 8 $ /hr AWS cluster . Note there is a hardware section than can be unfolded .
Query X group count Hive Shark Redshift 2A 8 2,067,313 730s 83s 25s 2B 10 31,348,913 764s 100s 56s 2C 12 253,890,330 730s 132s 79s
I chose to use my laptop instead ( mid-2014 MacBook Pro Retina ) .
My first attempts for 2A were in the realm of 650-800 seconds , but , we found some nice optimisations last week :
re-encoding the data got us at 135 seconds ,
pre-allocating intermediary HashMap at the right capacity got us at 80 seconds .
At that point , I felt pretty good . I felt ready to try and go to the cluster .
First of all , I went to try my timely dataflow implementation of Query2 locally , on the laptop . I was expecting it to be performing a bit less efficiently than my hand-crafted implementation . After all , timely introduces a few abstractions and some complexity , so…
Well , timely 2A ran in 60 seconds . That 's 25 % better than my best so far .
So what 's happening here ? It turns out the “ natural ” way to implement the groupby in timely is slightly different than by hand .
Hashes to hashes
First let 's see how the hand-made runner works .
the final result is aggregated in a structure made of 256 rust HashMap . Each one of these HashMap is wrapped in its own Mutex . Basically , this structure is Vec < Mutex < HashMap < K , V > > > . It also has a “ partitioner ” function , which will hash the key and send id to one of these 256 “ buckets ” .
. It also has a “ partitioner ” function , which will hash the key and send id to one of these 256 “ buckets ” . a queue and a pool of worker threads will go through each one of the 2037 input chunks . One chunk , one task .
each task read , decompress one chunk and feeds its own 256 intermediary HashMap using the same partitioner as the final result . Once it is done with the file , it merges each one of the 256 intermediary HashMap to the corresponding bucket of the global HashMap .
in the end the actual result is spread in a 256 HashMaps
The timely dataflow runner does things a bit differently .
we start a fixed number of worker thread and distributes the input chunks evenly and arbitrary accross them .
each worker performs several “ subtasks ” pseudo-concurrently : read and decompresse the input chunks it is responsible for building the ( K , V ) pairs from the files and exchange them with its counterparts worker according to , again , a partitioner acting on K receives pairs from the other workers and build its part of the final results as a HashMap
in the end the actual result is spread in as many HashMaps as we had workers
In short , timely bucketize the data then hash it , whereas the hand-made runner bucketize and hash separately the data of each input chunk before merging each chunk bucket .
Now remember how dominant HashMap manipulations where showing in the FlameGraphs last week ? Well , each bit of data gets inserted twice in a HashMap in the hand-made implementation and only once in the timely implementation…
The rationale behind doing a first stage aggregation at the worker level was to reduce the volume of data to be inserted in the final HashMap buckets , and thus reducing lock contention on the bucket mutexes . It may have been a ( bad case of ) premature optimisation . Just cast the first stone if you feel like it .
What if we just use regular Vec instead of HashMap for the worker buckets ?
Guess what . Yep . 60 seconds . So timely and the hand-made runner are in the same ball park . Phew .
Fixing Query2C
Were are we so far ?
Query X group count Hive Shark Redshift Me so far 2A 8 2,067,313 730s 83s 25s 60s 2B 10 31,348,913 764s 100s 56s 93s 2C 12 253,890,330 730s 132s 79s 255s
So we are doing a bit better than Shark on 2A and 2B , but something unpleasant happens in 2C .
Let 's have a look at some metrics .
2A…
and 2C .
These graphs show many things , but of particular interest are :
the green line showing the progress of the processing ( we want this to be a straight line from bottom left to top right )
the red line shows how heavily the CPUs are used ( in percent )
the purple line show how much memory space the process use
the brown one show how much of this address space is physically in memory . The rest is swapped to disk — or SSD .
So , at about 140s and 95 % of the work done , 2C tries to roughly double its memory space and starts swapping . What is happening is , again , HashMap reallocations , this time affecting the final buckets HashMap , not the intermediary ones — which we have just replaced by Vectors anyway .
You may remember that my initial evaluation of the size of the final result for 2C in the first post was about 4GB . But here , we are actually manipulating 12GB .
We have to accommodate 253M keys and values . Each key is 12 bytes , each value is 4 bytes ( a 32bit float ) . 253M * ( 12+4 ) =4GB .
Well , reality is a bit different . First of all there is the capacity management issue . To keep doing its work fast , a HashMap has to waste some space . Rust HashMap needs at least 10 % of empty space in it . If it gets above this mark , it reallocates itself doubling its size . So depending on when the reallocation happens , we may need to multiply the theoretical data size by about 2.2 to get the real memory usage .
It gets worse . Rust HashMap needs a 64bit integer on each of its pair for housekeeping . So all in all , we need 253 * ( 12+4+8 ) * 1.1=6.6GB if we 're lucky with re-allocation timing or twice that if we are not .
And we are not lucky : the reallocation that kills us is triggered at 95 % of the progress . Can we do something about that ? Yes .
First , I tried to pre-allocate the final 256 bucket maps at the “ right ” capacity . That did not work : rust HashMap wants its raw capacity to a power of two , so it was picking the same value as the one it can barely hold after the last reallocation… I was putting the process in the desperate state of swapping at the very beginning . That was very counterproductive .
But… I can also very easily change the number of partition buckets . Bumping it from 256 to 300 made enough room in the buckets to delay the dramatic reallocation . And we get a 91 seconds run !
Partition bucket count impact
Have you noticed how this 91s point makes 2C slighly faster than our previous best for 2B ?
This was unexpected . So let 's try 2A and 2B with 300 buckets too… 54 and 64 ! We 're getting better at this , but we do n't know why .
OK , we definitely need more data . It becomes increasingly difficult to get reliable measurements on the laptop as we eliminate fat everywhere , but I have consistent measurement on the more quiet linux boxes . Running times for Query2B on the linux server boxes , with partition from 230 to 320 buckets .
Mmm…
So there is some kind of long-term variation , maybe related to the values that could avoid one more turn of HashMap reallocation . But the short term looks pretty interesting : ) There is a strong correlation between the highest power-of-two in the factorization of the bucket count and the time : every other fourth value is a local peak , every other eighth value is a higher local peak and so on until the 256 value which is dreadful .
Let 's check out the FlameGraphs . I even managed to get the SVG working this time . First one is 2B with 256 buckets , second one with 257 .
Can you spot the difference ? Click on the nearly invisible “ Search ” button top right of the first one and type “ Full ” in there… See that FullBucket stuff ? Smells like collisions : ) There is some kind of resonance happening between the partitioner and the HashMap hasher .
Partitioners and hashers
Bottom line is hash ( key ) % bucket.len ( ) partition data in a way that will generate an important number of collision in the buckets . With 256 buckets , we are just partitioning the data using the last 8 bits of the hash . I tried to get more entropy ( from the 7 other bytes ) by adding some salt : What I am doing is hash ( `` noiz '' +key ) % bucket.len ( ) instead .
As we are talking about hashers , several people have told that I would probably benefit from using the FNV hasher instead of the default SIP hasher . I 've actually been using FNV for a while even if it was probably a premature optimisation when I made the switch .
But it is true nonetheless that FNV slays a few % of the running time . Both SIP and FNV have the same kind of “ resonance ” between the partitions and the HashMap themselves . On the linux boxes :
Running times for Query2A on my laptop with different partitioner and hasher tweaks :
bucket size sip fnv salted fnv 256 68s 60s 50s 257 64s 57s 53s
Recap
So in this post , I have mostly been tweaking the hash based aggregation and managed to squeeze a few more seconds out of the running time .
Query X group count Hive Shark Redshift Laptop 2A 8 2,067,313 730s 83s 25s 50s 2B 10 31,348,913 764s 100s 56s 64s 2C 12 253,890,330 730s 132s 79s 91s
Next week , I promise , we 'll have fun with timely dataflow and clusters .
Rust and BigData series :
Metrolinx has struck a deal with another manufacturer to provide dozens of vehicles for key Toronto-area transit projects , The Globe and Mail has learned , a sign of how much confidence the agency has lost in problem-plagued Bombardier .
The agreement would see Alstom , which is currently building light rail vehicles for the Ottawa market , produce for southern Ontario as well . At least part of the work will be done at a plant in the Toronto area .
Enough of their vehicles are expected to be delivered that they can be used , if necessary , to open the $ 5.4-billion Eglinton Crosstown as scheduled in 2021 .
Story continues below advertisement
A formal announcement is expected Friday for the 61-vehicle deal , which was confirmed by multiple sources .
The vehicles for the Crosstown , as well as several other lines , were supposed to be built by Bombardier Transportation , under a $ 770-million deal dating to 2010 . But the company has been slow to produce functioning prototype vehicles and Metrolinx is no longer confident the remaining vehicles will be ready in time .
Metrolinx is itself liable to the consortium building the Crosstown if the vehicles are late , facing daily fines of up to $ 500,000 .
The deal with Alstom is intended to offer insurance . If Bombardier comes through , the Alstom vehicles will end up on the Finch and Hurontario LRT lines .
But if Bombardier fails , or if Metrolinx manages to end its contract with them , the Hurontario vehicles will be diverted to the Crosstown . In this scenario , the Eglinton project will not be delayed because it lacks vehicles and Metrolinx will not be on the hook financially .
Metrolinx would not comment Thursday evening . Bombardier Transportation did not respond to a request for comment .
Metrolinx has previously said it needs 76 of the Bombardier light rail vehicles – about two-fifths of the total to be supplied under the 2010 deal – to operate the Crosstown . Not all would be required initially to open the line , though . Alstom 's vehicles are also bigger , meaning that fewer would be needed to have the same capacity on the Crosstown .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The deal with French manufacturer Alstom caps a difficult period for Bombardier , the storied Canadian firm .
Bombardier Transportation has been struggling to build streetcars for the Toronto Transit Commission , repeatedly adjusting its delivery schedule and piquing tempers on city council . And parent firm Bombardier Inc. has been embroiled in controversies over government bailouts and executive compensation .
Metrolinx gradually became concerned about Bombardier 's ability to build its light rail vehicles . Last summer , the agency issued a notice of default to the company . And in the fall it followed that with a formal notice of intent to cancel the deal .
But Metrolinx was caught off guard when the company fired back in court to preserve the deal . Its injunction was filed without a heads-up to Metrolinx and the agency learned about it when the media began calling .
Metrolinx was again caught by surprise when the judge granted Bombardier the injunction , preventing the agency from unilaterally cancelling the contract .
The agency had hired Chris Paliare , a top civil litigator , to argue their case and insiders said they had expected to win in court . Blindsided by the loss , Metrolinx officials did not answer media questions the day of the ruling – which happened to come early in the tenure of an interim and media-shy new CEO – and hours later issued a bland statement that promised further action .
Story continues below advertisement
The court loss means that Bombardier and Metrolinx have to go through a formal dispute resolution process , which could take eight to 12 months and has an uncertain outcome . In court , counsel for Metrolinx argued that doing so would take so long that it would prevent the agency going elsewhere , and still opening the Crosstown on time , even if they prevailed in the dispute resolution process .
Since losing the court case , the agency and its provincial government masters decided to cover their bases by preemptively bringing in another company .
Signing with Alstom allows them to pursue both the dispute resolution process and still have a supplier to produce vehicles , no matter how this process plays out .
MIDFIELD TO ATTACK TRANSITION VIDEO SESSION
Advanced Midfield and Forward Link Up Play
Dimensions : Set up a coaching area big enough to play a simple 3v3 possession small sided game inside . Place this area 30 yards from a goal . Two teams occupy the coaching area and two players wait in the space between the area and goal .
How to : One team starts in possession and looks to make 3 passes among their teammates . The other team attempts to win the ball back in a full pressure game . Once a team makes three complete passes they can pass the ball into the player outside the area . When this player receives the ball , one teammate can join the attack making a smaller 2v1 small sided game . The team in possession scores a point by successfully scoring on goal . Once play concludes the game re starts in the coaching area with the other team starting with the ball .
Coaching Points : Make quick accurate passes , remember to move off the ball to create space . The attacking player outside the area must create space away from their marker and try to hold the ball up to allow a player to support in attack . Move the ball quickly to take advantage of the numbers up situation .
Adaptations : Once the 3rd pass is made and the ball is passed into the attacker , whoever made the pass out of the coaching area can not join in the attack . It is the role of the other midfielders to effectively communicate and stay focused to support in attack . Add more players or create a numbers up situation in passing to create more successful attacks . Play first to 5 points of adjust the rules to suit your players ' needs .
Compared to records of other cities ( http : //urbantick . blogspot .com/2008/12/ . reassembling Guy Deboard 's Naked City UT_0221Final02_090319 . jpg ) by .Ruling on transgender military ban 11/30/18 03:01 PM EST ; Federal judges in New York rules against Trump in sanctuary cities case 11/30/18 01:19 PM EST.Naked City - Grand Guignol ( 1992 ) . Genero : Free jazz/Experimental Rock/ Jazzcore/Grindcore 01-Grand Guignol 02-La Cathedrale Engloutie Naked city blogspot
This site is an effort by many cities , county , tribal , state and federal agencies to . of unhealthy air quality were reported at six locations , including Baker City , Cave . Http : //gudmundsdottirbjork . blogspot .co.uk/2014/09/bjork-secret-magic-little- interview.html - Björk : Secret Magic Interview . Interview @ Naked City ( 1993 ) 36 . On Sunday my mom and I went to La Lagunilla Market in Mexico City where we found this wonderful gentleman . I 'll be sharing behind the scenes from our trip . City , which was without suspended manager Pep Guardiola due to a touchline ban . Naked City was an avant-garde music group led by saxophonist and composer John Zorn . Active primarily in New York City from 1988 to 1993 , .
The Business Journals : Business News
Naked City episode “ Vengeance Is a Wheel ” ( March 15 , 1961 ) . Click for a larger . Http : //gudmundsdottirbjork . blogspot .co.uk/2014/09/bjork-secret-magic-little- interview.html - Björk : Secret Magic Interview . Interview @ Naked City ( 1993 ) 36 .
XVIDEOS PARADISE- NUDE . BLOGSPOT .COM LINNI MEISTER SEX TAPE 2 free . A new car park has opened just a short walk from Preston city centre . The 66- space Penny Street car park off North Road will help offset the loss of 500 parking [ .
What a fantastic last two weeks these have been . I do n't even mean Barack Obama solidifying his lead over Mitt Romney , although that 's perfectly fine . No , I mean the near-mathematically perfect joy of watching these smug and contemptible creatures of the right dodge and swerve and make excuses and , most of all , whine . There is no joy in the kingdom of man so great as the joy of seeing bullies and hucksters laid low , and watching people who have arrogantly spent years assuming they were right about the world living to see all those haughty assumptions die before their eyes . Watching them squirm is more fun than watching Romney and Paul Ryan flail away .
I loved the initial reaction to the famous videotape . Problem ? Are you kidding ? This is just what we 've been waiting for ! This will help Romney , it was said ; finally , we have Mitt unchained , Mitt raw , Mitt the truth-teller . Now he can just charge out there and do more of this , and in no time the nation will be putty in our hands ! And just you wait for the next polls .
Well , the polls have started to come , and they portend total disaster . Americans do n't turn out to like a heartlessly cruel Social Darwinian articulation of the national condition that by the by calls half the population worthless . Huh . Go figure .
But is this a problem ? Of course not ! There is an explanation for this too : The polls are wrong ! All of them . Except of course Rasmussen , that rock of right-minded methodological certitude jutting out from the ocean of relativist corruption . I 'd like a nickel but would settle happily for a penny for every tweet I 've seen in the last couple of weeks from a conservative braying about a given poll 's sample .
There are loads of them but the gold medalist of this event by far is Dick Morris , who sits there on the Fox set like a betumored walrus on an ice floe assuring his viewers not to worry . His riff to Sean Hannity Monday night , a night when everyone else saw that Obama 's lead was getting comfortable-to-the-point-of-insurmountable , is worth quoting at some length : “ [ Romney ] is at the moment in a very strong position . I believe if the election were held today Romney would win by four or five points . I believe he would carry Florida , Ohio , Virginia . I believe he would carry Nevada . I believe he would carry Pennsylvania. ” Even Hannity at this point interjected , “ Oh , come on. ” But on Morris went . He knew of a private poll in Pennsylvania , “ by a group that I 've hired in the past , ” that had Romney two points behind .
“ People need to understand , ” he continued , “ that the polling this year is the worst it 's ever been . Because this is the first election where if I tell you who 's gon na vote , I can tell you how you 're gon na vote. ” He went on to say that polls are assuming a six- or seven-point Democratic edge , and he assumes a three-point edge .
First of all , what was the Democratic edge in 2008 ? Uh , seven points . Second , while he is correct that the polls are showing strong Democratic advantages , they 're doing so because that 's how people are identifying themselves to pollsters . In fact , Stan Greenberg noted last Friday , Republicans lost five points in voter identification in a month . This is not bad poll sampling . It 's reality . And while it 's true that today 's numbers might overstate what will be the case on Nov. 6 , the way things are going , they just might be understating them .
But no—now , the mere fact of poll-taking is “ a subtle means of Republican voter suppression , ” as Simon Maloy put it over at Media Matters . And the latest whine—this cupboard somehow never runs bare—is that conservatives do n't like taking polls . So said Scott Walker to Fox on Wednesday . Yes , of course ! Because conservatives are people of action , busy people , who have neither the time ( like the indolent 47 percenters ) nor the inclination to accept phone calls from lamestream media pollsters . Honestly . Scott Walker ca n't really believe this .
And finally , the last refuge of these scoundrels , bashing the librul media . Did you catch Rush Limbaugh 's pathetic rant on Tuesday after the famous blown interception call ? Packer fans should just shake it off , he said , because the true aggrieved party is conservatives : “ We 're lied about every day . The media gets it wrong on purpose against us every day . Now , I think it 's a good analogy . ”
It 's a ridiculous analogy , and it 's not lies with which Limbaugh and Morris and their ilk are now coming face-to-face . It 's the truth . Americans like Barack Obama . They do n't like Mitt Romney . They really do n't like Paul Ryan . And they do n't want any part of the ideology of callousness and make-believe facts and pigheaded warmongering—and economic crisis and big deficits and all of that—that the Republicans are peddling . Of course these people will never come to terms with all that . But right now , boys , you 're running out of targets , and excuses .
SAINT JO ( CBSDFW.COM ) – As a rodeo clown , 31-year-old Casey Wagner has often stared fear in the face , but it was Mother Nature who literally brought him to his knees , after he was struck by lightning — twice .
Wagner attended a redneck with Paychecks event in Saint Jo , Texas , west of Gainesville , Saturday , where hundreds show up to race , off-road and go “ mudding ” while camping out at huge sites .
Saturday afternoon , severe weather rolled in bringing heavy rain and lightning .
Wagner and his two friends were looking for shelter from the storm when they stopped under a tree . Wagner 's friend left in search of a bathroom and Wagner was left there with his friend 's father .
They were standing about 5 feet away from each other when lightning struck .
“ What I remember is just a loud boom and it dropped me to my knees and then it hit me again , ” Wagner said . “ When I got hit , it was just two big ol ' flashes and then sparks went everywhere . ”
Wagner said he felt electricity shoot up through his right boot and into his body .
The electricity swept across his chest , then out his near his left wrist .
“ I had discoloration where it would have popped out , ” he said .
A nurse who was nearby , kept him calm until he was transported by ambulance to Nacona General Hospital a few miles away .
“ At the hospital they said the poncho I was wearing was carrying static because it was one of those plastic ones , ” he said .
Wagner said his heart skipped a beat and doctors ran several tests and monitored his kidneys and heart until his heartbeat was regular again . He initially lost feeling in his lower right leg and at the exit point on his left arm .
Twenty four hours later he was still shaky and jittery , but miraculously , that was the extent of his injuries .
“ I 've got all the feeling back . It just feels like my whole body is waking up from… like if your arm falls asleep , that 's how my whole body feels , ” he said . Doctors say that tingling feeling will last about a week .
He says only one thing could have kept him alive .
“ I give everything to God , ” he said . “ So I owe everything to him , he 's the one that kept me alive . I can tell you one thing , I 'm going to start going to church more . ”
Wagner says he plans to return to off-roading and Rednecks with Paychecks , but only when skies are clear .
( ©2013 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )
Latest News :
Top Trending :
THE VOID , written & directed by Jeremy Gillespie & Steven Kostanski , stars Aaron Poole , Kathleen Munroe , Ellen Wong , Kenneth Walsh , Evan Stern , Daniel Fathers & Grace Munro .
When police officer Carter ( Aaron Poole ) discovers a blood-soaked man limping down a deserted road , he rushes him to a local hospital with a barebone , night shift staff . As cloaked , cult-like figures surround the building , the patients and staff inside start to turn ravenously insane . Trying to protect the survivors , Carter leads them into the depths of the hospital where they discover a gateway to immense evil .
Distribution Company : Screen Media Films
Theatrical & VOD Release Date : April 7 , 2017
Written and Directed by : Jeremy Gillespie and Steven Kostanski
Starring : Aaron Poole , Kathleen Munroe , Ellen Wong , Kenneth Walsh , Evan Stern , Daniel Fathers , and Grace Munro
Running Time : 90 minutes
Rating : not yet rated
Website : thevoidmovie.net
Twitter : https : //twitter.com/VoidMovie
Facebook : www.facebook.com/TheVoidMovie
MADISON , Wis. -- Another week , another jaw-dropping blowout for Wisconsin ( No . 7 BCS , No . 5 AP ) .
This one earned the Badgers a share of the Big Ten title .
And with the Big Ten 's Rose Bowl representative still to be determined , it remains to be seen if their recent run of scoreboard-scorching victories will be sufficient .
Wisconsin routed Northwestern 70-23 at Camp Randall Stadium on Saturday , and will split the conference championship three ways after Ohio State and Michigan State won earlier in the day .
`` From Day 1 since I got here , that 's all anybody 's been talking about , the Rose Bowl , the Rose Bowl , the Rose Bowl , '' said Badgers safety Aaron Henry , twirling a rose in his hand . `` And you have to be a Big Ten champion in order to get that spot in the Rose Bowl , and we definitely took care of that tonight . ''
The Badgers ( 11-1 , 7-1 Big Ten ) appear to have the inside track on the Rose Bowl , which will be determined by the Bowl Championship Series standings . Fans chanted `` Rose Bowl '' in the final seconds of the game , then rushed the field as fireworks exploded over the stadium .
No . 8 Ohio State beat Michigan on Saturday , and Michigan State ( No . 10 BCS , No . 11 AP ) won at Penn State . Wisconsin came into this week leading both teams in the BCS rankings .
Wisconsin certainly is doing its best to impress voters in recent weeks .
Its victory Saturday made it four straight by 20 points or more -- and it was n't even the most lopsided game in that stretch , because Wisconsin beat Indiana 83-20 on Nov. 13 . And it was the third time this season the Badgers scored 70 points or more .
In another large milestone for the Bitcoin virtual currency , Bitcoin gambling service SatoshiDice has been acquired for $ 11.5 million by an unnamed buyer .
CoinDesk reports that SatoshiDice operator Erik Voorhees sold the company recently for 126,315 Bitcoins , which held the value of about $ 11.47 million when the transaction went through .
SatoshiDice is an online dice game in which you use Bitcoins to gamble . It 's relatively simple : Users send Bitcoins to a specific address , a “ lucky number ” is picked , and you win if the lucky number is less than the number you chose . The service describes itself as “ the most popular Bitcoin betting game in the universe . ”
The company or individual who purchased SatoshiDice has not been named yet .
SatoshiDice was listed on MPEX , a Romanian Bitcoin securities exchange , and people had purchased shares of the service using Bitcoin . Voorhees said in a forum post that people who purchased SatoshiDice shares will be rewarded with 0.0035 Bitcoin per share owned , which is a 277 percent premium over the sale price .
Declining prices of vegetable and other food articles pulled down wholesale inflation sharply to 3.74 % in August to a nearly five-year low . The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index ( WPI ) was at 5.19 % in July and 6.99 % in August 2013 .
Inflation in the food segment witnessed a significant decline to 5.15 % in August as against 8.43 % in the previous month , according to official data released here today . The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 % . Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 % , the third continuous month of decline .
Maintaining a downward trend , the onion prices contracted by 44.7 % during the month under review . However , potato prices were on the rise as inflation in the kitchen essential jumped to 61.61 % from 46.41 % in July . Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 % in August . While prices of protein rich items like egg , meat and fish contracted during the month , inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 % and 7.81 % , respectively , as compared to July . The August retail inflation too eased to 7.8 % compared to 7.96 % in July .
The wholesale WPI data further revealed that the price rise in manufactured goods , like sugar and edible oils too eased to 3.45 % in August , while it was 3.67 % in July . Inflation in the fuel and power segment which include LPG , petrol and diesel declined to 4.54 % as compared to price rise of 7.40 % seen in July . Meanwhile , wholesale inflation based on final index for June has been revised upwards to 5.66 % from the provisional estimate of 5.43 % . The August WPI data is also provisional , the government said . It also said the build up inflation rate in the financial year till August is 3 % compared to a build up rate of 5.23 % in the same period of 2013-14 .
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201511/1281/1155968404_4607441626001_151111-dole-endorses-Still001.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole speaks with a National Park Service ranger during a visit to the World War II Memorial in September . Bob Dole endorses Jeb Bush
Former U.S. Sen. Bob Dole has endorsed Jeb Bush for president and will serve as the former Florida governor 's National Veterans ' Chairman , according to the campaign .
Dole said that while almost all of the candidates are his friends , he believes Bush is the most qualified .
Story Continued Below
“ Jeb has the proven leadership skills and executive experience needed to fix the problems facing our country – from the anemic economy to America 's weakened standing among world leaders , ” Dole said in a statement . “ Jeb 's conservative reform agenda and forward looking vision on issues including 4 percent economic growth , defeating ISIS and taking care of our veterans are in stark contrast to Hillary Clinton 's strategy to continue the failed policies of the present Administration . ”
`` I will do all I can to be helpful to Jeb 's campaign , ” Dole promised .
Dole knows what it 's like to run for president . He ran as the Republican nominee against President Bill Clinton in 1996 . He also ran for president in 1980 but the GOP nomination went to Ronald Reagan . In 1988 Dole again ran for the Republican nomination , which ultimately went to Bush 's father George H. W. Bush . During their primary fight Dole made headlines for snapping at George H. W. to `` stop lying about my record . ''
He also ran as the vice presidential nominee with President Gerald Ford in 1976 .
Bush later tweeted that he is `` honored to welcome Sen Bob Dole to the team as National Veterans ' Chairman . ''
Honored to welcome Sen Bob Dole to the team as National Veterans ' Chairman . Thankful for his service to our country . https : //t.co/zwIKvwaH3g — Jeb Bush ( @ JebBush ) November 11 , 2015
Any hard feelings between George H.W . and Dole seemed to be forgotten by Bush during an interview with Fox News ' `` America 's Newsroom '' Wednesday morning . Bush compared Dole to his dad .
“ Bob Dole is an American hero . I 'm so honored to have his support . Honored to have the support of hundreds of veterans , including 12 Medals of Honor recipients that support my campaign because of my pledge to fix the Veteran 's Administration and restore our military strength , '' Bush said . `` Bob Dole is someone who is just an iconic political figure . I admire him so much . He reminds me of my dad . These are people from the greatest generation that have served selflessly this country in so many ways . ”
× $ 50,000 Reward to Be Offered in Fatal Shooting of Transgender Woman
Law enforcement and community leaders were set to announce a $ 50,000 reward Friday in hopes of generating leads in the fatal shooting of a transgender woman in East Hollywood .
Aniya Parker was shot in the head as she tried to run away from three men she encountered around 2:30 a.m. near Kenmore at Melrose avenues on Oct. 2 , according to a joint news release from the City of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Police Department .
Surveillance video from a nearby business captured the altercation between Parker and the men .
As Parker tried to run away , one of the men followed her , shooting her point blank in the head as she crossed the street , the video showed .
The 47-year-old victim could be seen stumbling and eventually collapsed on the sidewalk . Minutes later , a bystander came to her aid and called for help .
The first officers on the scene and found Parker with a gunshot wound to her head .
“ From what we 've been told by witnesses , it appears … that it may be a robbery gone bad , ” LAPD police Lt. Joe Losorelli said at the time of the shooting .
Parker was taken to L.A. County-USC Medical Center where she was later pronounced dead .
A Go Fund Me page has been set up to help Parker 's family .
Family members who called Parker by her knickname “ Ballie , ” said she had “ a heart of gold . ”
“ A giver with a sense of humor , Ballie could always make you laugh even when Ballie was n't trying , ” the family posted on the Go Fund Me page .
The family urged anyone with information to contact the Los Angeles Police Rampart Division at 877-LAPD-24-7 .
Lindsey Vonn of the United States celebrates with her gold medal during the medal ceremony for the alpine skiing ladies downhill at the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics . ( Photo11 : Alexander Hassenstein , Getty Images )
Shaun White has misplaced his Olympic medals . Once his mom even took one to the dry cleaners because the ribbon was dirty . Luckily it came back on a hanger , draped in plastic .
But what about the medals that never come back laundered and pressed ? The ones left on the plane ? Stolen from the top dresser drawer ?
To replace a lost or stolen Olympic or Paralympic medal , an athlete has to file a request through the U.S. Olympic Committee and foot the bill for a replacement .
Olympians and Paralympians no longer have to worry about replacing a medal gone missing . Thanks to a new insurance policy with the U.S. Olympic Committee , Liberty Mutual will insure the medals of every 2014 and 2016 U.S. Olympic and Paralympic athlete , the company announced Friday .
If speedskater Patrick Meek brings home a medal in his Olympic debut , he does n't want to keep it under lock and key . `` My friend Travis Jayner does n't consider his Olympic medal his . It 's the U.S. 's . He passes it around . It gets chipped . He gives his medal for people to hold . That 's what I would do . It 's the nation 's medal , '' he said .
And now if a medal won in Sochi does n't find its way back to an athlete 's neck , at least they 'll be covered .
Annelie Buntenbach zur AfD
von Stefan Sauer schließen
Rentenexpertin Annelie Buntenbach spricht über die Ideen der AfD zur Familienpolitik .
Frau Buntenbach , die AfD geriert sich als Anwalt der kleinen Leute , sie fordert niedrigere Steuern , gerechtere Renten , weniger Bürokratie und Vollbeschäftigung . Klingt fast wie ein Gewerkschaftsprogramm , oder ?
Das mag so klingen , aber da gilt : Vorsicht an der Bahnsteigkante ! Tatsächlich klaubt sich die AfD alle möglichen Forderungen zusammen und formuliert dann Allgemeinplätze ohne Substanz , die für ihre jeweilige Zielgruppe gut klingen . Viele Forderungen passen schlicht nicht zusammen . Andere widersprechen sich sogar . Vor allem sind die Vorschläge der AfD gerade nicht , was sie zu sein vorgeben : Sie sind nicht sozial .
Zum Beispiel ?
Zum Beispiel die Rentenpolitik : Die AfD tritt für eine abschlagsfreie Rente nach 45 Jahren Lebensarbeitszeit ein . Das klingt erst einmal nicht schlecht . Die Rente mit 63 , für die sich die Gewerkschaften eingesetzt haben , gibt es ja auch nach 45 Beitragsjahren in der Rentenversicherung . Wenn man genauer hinsieht , erkennt man schnell den Riesenhaken am rechten Rentenmodell . Die AfD will nämlich das gesetzliche Renteneintrittsalter ganz abschaffen . Das aber bedeutet für viele Millionen Beschäftigte , dass sie erst mit 70 Jahren oder noch später in Rente gehen können .
Sie übertreiben .
Keineswegs . Selbst wenn man den Begriff der Lebensarbeitszeit großzügig auslegt , also Phasen des Krankengeldbezugs und der Arbeitslosigkeit voll anrechnet sowie die Pflege von Angehörigen und zehn Jahre Erziehungszeit pro Kind berücksichtigt , müssten 55 Prozent der Beschäftigten über das 65 . Lebensjahr hinaus arbeiten , um auf eine 45-jährige Lebensarbeitszeit zu kommen . Mehr als 39 Prozent müssten bis 70 arbeiten , um abschlagsfrei in Rente gehen zu können . Von den Frauen im Westen wären davon sogar 55 Prozent betroffen .
Woher kommen die Zahlen ?
Aus der Lebenswirklichkeit . Nehmen wir eine Ingenieurin , die mit 24 Jahren ihren Masterabschluss macht und ins Berufsleben einsteigt . Sie erreicht frühestens mit 69 eine 45 Jahre währende Lebensarbeitszeit – wenn sie denn auf ein Sabbatjahr verzichtet und ihr längere Arbeitslosigkeit oder schwere Erkrankungen erspart bleiben . Selbst eine Erzieherin , die nach dem Abi eine dreijährige schulische Ausbildung absolviert und sofort in einer Kita anfängt , könnte frühestens mit 67 in Rente gehen . Und was ist mit dem , der erst mit 30 nach Deutschland kommt , oder dem Angestellten , der sich nach 20 Jahren sozialversicherungspflichtiger Beschäftigung selbstständig macht und deshalb keine Beiträge mehr an die gesetzliche Rentenversicherung zahlt ? Die dürften dann völlig leer ausgehen . In Wirklichkeit läuft das Rentenkonzept der AfD auf einen Rentendiebstahl nie gekannten Ausmaßes hinaus . Die AfD will genau den Menschen , deren Belange sie angeblich vertritt , tief in die Tasche greifen . Ich nenne das zutiefst unsozial .
Immerhin will die Partei ein Familiensplitting einführen und so Millionen Haushalte entlasten .
Über ein Familiensplitting kann man durchaus reden , aber man sollte den Vorschlag im Zusammenhang mit anderen familienpolitischen Vorstellungen der AfD sehen . Was es darin nicht gibt , sind eine partnerschaftliche Arbeitsteilung zwischen den Geschlechtern oder der Zugang von Frauen zu einer eigenen sozialen Absicherung oder ein Familienbegriff , der gleichgeschlechtliche Partnerschaften und andere Lebensentwürfe einbezieht . Stattdessen vertritt die Partei ein komplett reaktionäres Familienbild , das mit dem Familiensplitting gefördert werden soll : Der Mann ist erfolgreich und verdient das Geld , die Frau steht am Herd , sorgt für die Kinder und hält dem Gatten „ den Rücken frei “ . Das ist ein Rückfall in die Adenauer-Ära oder sogar in die Zeit davor .
Wie bewerten Sie die arbeitsmarktpolitischen Forderungen der AfD ?
Die sind das reinste Chaos . Auf der einen Seite will die AfD die Bundesagentur für Arbeit und damit faktisch auch die Arbeitslosenversicherung abschaffen . Um die Vermittlung sollen sich nur noch die kommunalen Jobcenter kümmern . Abgesehen davon , dass ein Nutzen für die Arbeitsuchenden schwerlich erkennbar ist , fordert die AfD an anderer Stelle bessere Leistungen aus jener Arbeitslosenversicherung , die sie doch eigentlich abschaffen will . Es gibt noch andere Unstimmigkeiten . AfD-Funktionäre geißeln die Hartz-Reformen immer wieder heftig , laut Leitantrag für den kommenden Parteitag sind die Gesetze im Grundsatz in Ordnung und müssten nur marginal verändert werden . Wie das zusammenpassen soll , weiß ich nicht , und die AfD weiß es offenbar auch nicht . Aber das ist der Parteiführung schnuppe . Denen geht es um Wählerfang . Sie tun genau das , was sie den alten Parteien immer vorwerfen : Sie versprechen das Blaue vom Himmel . Aber bei ihnen bleibt nur das Braune unterm Fingernagel .
Interview : Stefan Sauer
Gamers got an inside look at the upcoming `` Final Fantasy XV '' at an event in Paris Thursday , and there was one clear takeaway : the game 's developer , Square Enix , is serious about hair .
Though the `` Final Fantasy '' franchise is immensely popular -- it 's sold over 80 million games worldwide in its 27 years of existence -- there 's a lot riding on this latest sequel ( and its hair ) .
In recent years , franchises from the West like `` Call of Duty '' have dominated the sales charts . Japanese games have n't fared , as well . `` If ‘ Final Fantasy XV ' does n't do well , perhaps there 's not much of a future for console games , '' FFXV co-director Hajime Tabata told Kotaku.com this summer .
So , `` Final Fantasy XV '' needs to look really good to lure in an audience . One way to tell that 's happening ? The hair . Check out this clip from Thursday 's presentation , apparently showing the process artists and developers used to form an in-game character 's hair :
It might seem simple , but hair has long been a challenge to render and animate . Aesthetics are subjective , sure , but if hair looks beautiful in a game or computer-generated movie , you know some serious work has gone into it .
According to WIRED , Ariel was meant to have curly hair in `` The Little Mermaid , '' but `` rendering that kind of bounce and frizz '' was practically impossible at the time . ( To get some sense of the challenge , check out this 9-page Pixar document about the physics of curly hair in `` Brave . '' )
When Square Pictures made a CGI `` Final Fantasy '' movie , ( 2001 's flop `` The Spirits Within '' ) , it took four years and almost $ 150 million , in part because of the 60,000 hairs that needed to be rendered on the main character 's head in every frame .
Of course , Square Enix has always cared about hair in its `` Final Fantasy '' series . In 1988 's `` Final Fantasy II '' for the original Nintendo Entertainment System , character portraits were rendered with detailed tresses , a remarkable feature for the time :
When Square Enix first used computer-generated cutscenes nearly 10 years later , in 1997 's `` Final Fantasy VII , '' the hair was looking more fabulous ( and anime-esque ) than ever :
Here , we see Aki Ross in the film `` Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within . '' Those 60,000 hairs do n't quite have a natural movement about them , but who knows what sort of conditioner mankind 's got in the dystopic future ?
Things are looking a bit better in 2005 's DVD-movie `` Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children . '' Compare this hair to the ‘ 97 GIFs above . It 's the same character :
More recently , Square Enix has gotten closer to capturing a realistic look for strands of hair moving in the wind , as we see in the 2010 's `` Final Fantasy XIII '' :
And then there 's the most recent `` Final Fantasy XV '' preview :
NT Police Commissioner says officers do n't have problem managing youth after cuffed boy , 11 , capsicum-sprayed
Updated
Instances in which police officers capsicum-sprayed a handcuffed child and did nothing to stop a girl hitting her head against a cell door more than 200 times have been revealed as the most serious sustained complaints against Northern Territory Police over the past year .
The Royal Commission into the Protection and Detention of Children in the NT has been holding hearings all year to examine the treatment of young people by corrections staff and police , following the tear-gassing of six teens at Darwin 's Don Dale Youth Detention Centre in 2014 .
But the NT Police Commissioner denied that his officers had a problem managing youth .
`` We deal with thousands of youths per year and the majority of police do the right thing . We do have some officers who need managerial guidance or , if it 's more serious , we take disciplinary action , '' Commissioner Reece Kershaw said .
'Skinny , small ' child gassed by police while cuffed in cage
Ombudsman Peter Shoyer found that the capsicum spraying of a `` skinny , quite small '' boy aged 11 while he was handcuffed and contained in the cage of a police van was inappropriate and risky .
The boy , who had been sniffing a volatile substance , was spit-hooded and handcuffed after repeatedly spitting at officers , and tried to use the hood to choke himself , before pulling it off . Officers told him if he spat at them again he would get sprayed ; the boy then spat on one officer and was sprayed .
`` During the period in the van after discharge of the spray , the child was displaying extreme distress and yelling and crying constantly , '' Mr Shoyer said .
He found that police had failed to properly communicate with the child before the spraying , and that there were several other options they should have considered .
`` Further efforts could have been made to engage the child in genuine conversation , explaining what was happening and then seeking his co-operation ; this may or may not have worked , '' Mr Shoyer said .
`` The fact that the spray was being discharged in a small , confined space… would almost certainly make the situation worse . ''
Police must remember they 're dealing with children : Ombudsman
The head of the Operational Safety division of NT Police said the use of the spray by four officers on a handcuffed child in the closed cage of the van did not appear to him to be a `` reasonable response '' .
`` There was no direct threat to any person at the time the [ spray ] was discharged , '' the Ombudsman reported him as saying .
`` While assault by spitting is generally considered by the standards of the community to be disgusting and provocative , provocation is no excuse for the application of force after the fact . ''
He found there were no extraordinary circumstances to justify the use of the spray on a child who was cuffed or secured , in line with police protocols , but his views were dismissed by NT Police 's internal investigator , who also questioned whether an 11-year-old is a young child .
`` I do not doubt for a second [ that they are ] … It is important that officers not lose sight of the fact that they are dealing with children , '' Mr Shoyer said .
`` Their circumstances may differ appreciably from adults and there will frequently be times when a different approach is required to meet those circumstances . ''
Police did not stop girl hitting her head more than 200 times
In a second serious incident , Mr Shoyer upheld a complaint against police after it was found that several officers did nothing after witnessing an intoxicated 16-year-old girl hitting her head against a cell door .
`` A number of officers saw what she was doing but there was no move to attempt to stop or dissuade her from hitting her head until after officers were contacted by a Duty Superintendent and told to take action , '' Mr Shoyer said .
`` It is clear the Custody Sergeant made a conscious decision not to act in the face of the complainant hitting her head against the door… a Custody Nurse on duty at that time also stated that the complainant was n't hitting her head 'that hard ' , '' he said .
He said that in CCTV footage of the incident it was evident that on some occasions the girl `` was exerting considerable force '' in hitting her head .
`` The risk that the complainant might do some damage in over 200 instances was real and should have been addressed much earlier than it was , '' he said .
'Use of force is our last option ' : Commissioner
`` In the whole our police force is treating young people very , very well , and we have very strong processes and systems in place to ensure that there 's accountability and transparency when it comes to [ dealing with ] young people , '' Commissioner Kershaw said .
`` Our preference is to resolve the matter without any use of force at all… that 's what we teach our officers .
`` We like to try to communicate , contain , and even if we 've got to reverse out of that situation , we will . ''
Chief Minister Michael Gunner said his Government was trying to divert youth away from the justice system .
`` We do n't want to see pepper spray used on an 11-year-old . I think we can all agree with that . that 's not an ideal outcome in any way , shape or form , '' he said .
`` When you look at our policies about investing in children , in the youth justice cycles , how can we actually get intervention earlier so police are simply not having to deal with youth ? ''
Topics : police , law-crime-and-justice , youth , community-and-society , child-abuse , darwin-0800 , nt
First posted
Police arrested a tree in Portland , Maine on Monday for impeding traffic at a busy intersection .
Underneath the evergreen branches was Asher Woodworth , 30 , an artist who was inspired by a book of photographic portraits by Charles Fréger called `` Wilder Mann . ''
`` It 's all these wonderful , rural , ceremonial costumes throughout Europe '' Woodworth tells As it Happens host Carol Off . `` So , these images were just kind of in my head of people in Switzerland or Germany covered in evergreens . I guess the vision of doing this performance came to me out of the blue one day while I was meditating . Just a very clear image of this performance in a pine bough or an evergreen bough costume . So , when I have a very clear image like that I tend to go with it . ''
It 's not the first time Woodworth has been arrested . In 2009 , Woodworth attempted to steal a giant pepper from a Chili 's restaurant in Vermont . He ran nearly 150 metres of extension cord from the Home Depot across the street to the restaurant .
I was also in a bit of a trance just focusing on the physicality of doing the movement . - Asher Woodworth , Artist
Woodworth says he could n't see very well while wearing the tree costume . A number of people stopped to watch — some posting photos to Twitter . Others even tried to talk to the tree , but Woodworth says he did n't respond .
`` I was also in a bit of a trance just focusing on the physicality of doing the movement , '' he says .
Woodworth guesses that he stayed at the intersection for about an hour before the police arrived .
`` I think the police were a bit flummoxed about how to begin interacting with this tree or tree spirit . I was n't responding to them . So , they wanted to see my hands . You know , all the normal scripts and choreographies of police encounters . ''
The police escorted Woodworth out of the intersection . However , Woodworth says he felt `` a very strong compulsion '' to return . That 's when police arrested him .
Assistant police chief Vern Malloch told the Portland Press Herald that Woodworth 's motivation `` was to see how people would react to what he called his 'performance ' and how he might impact 'people 's natural choreography . ' ''
Woodworth , however , says he does n't think the police really understood what he was doing . He clarifies that the way people behave in a public square is n't `` natural choreography , '' but `` social choreography — which is constructed . ''
Further , he asks , `` What does it mean if you maybe disrupt these natural choreographies and do we value getting through the intersection more than we value slowness or magic ? ''
On Monday night , Woodworth was released on bail from Cumberland County Jail . He wo n't yet comment on whether he 'll fight the charge . Woodworth says he has a lawyer .
Two years ago , I discussed various ways of constructing a list in a Monad ( or , more specifically , in IO ) in Haskell , and compared their merits in terms of elegance , stack usage , number of traversals of the list and run-time efficiency .
Recently , two blog posts discussed the issue further and proposed new , more daring alternatives . Neil Mitchell breaks through the abstraction provided by IO , duplicates “ the world ” and traverses the list twice , and obtains a speed-up for long lists .
Twarn van Laarhoven went even further and wrote custom C -- code to destructively update the tail-pointer of the list cell to be able to create the list completely evaluated on the first start . This basically answers my question from two years ago :
I 'm still wondering : What would be required from Haskell , GHC or the monads in question to have a fully satisfactory solution here , i.e . one that is as fast as the naive recursion , as stack efficient as the difference list solution , and allocates no thunks , only list cells ?
He also has a variant with a slightly nicer interface around “ holes ” , i.e . explicit objects on the heap that can later be replaced by indirections . Obviously , both approaches are very unsafe .
I took this as an opportunity to redo my benchmark measurements , and include their variants ( named escapeIO , hackIO and holeIO ) . The following table omits the variants with quadratic performance , as I ran it on longer lists now :
Variant 10^0 10^1 10^2 10^3 10^4 10^5 10^6 accumReverse 37ns 153ns 1134ns 12µs 208µs 8540µs 97ms recursion 29ns 139ns 680ns 6790ns 160µs 6441µs 76ms replicateM 26ns 126ns 677ns 6785ns 168µs 6314µs 78ms accumDList 35ns 165ns 995ns 10µs 190µs 9706µs 100ms streams 27ns 136ns 691ns 6788ns 173µs 5771µs 75ms unsafeInterleave 60ns 329ns 2804ns 28µs 373µs 5605µs 57ms listFix 51ns 412ns 4109ns 56µs 2761µs 42ms 445ms escapeIO 41ns 187ns 1808ns 16µs 234µs 4409µs 45ms hackIO 30ns 152ns 1199ns 11µs 140µs 3701µs 42ms holeIO 40ns 222ns 1725ns 17µs 218µs 4446µs 53ms
The following graph shows that around 10000 , the naive approaches become much slower and the fancy hacks pay of , with Twarn 's tail-pointer-updating code performing the best :
I would really like to see a package that provides a API like Twarn 's holes , either in this raw unsafe variant ( but with the garbage collector related code checked ) , or with a safe API using type hackery similar to the ST monad that ensures that after “ normal ” code gets its hands on a term possibly involving holes , the holes may no longer be modified .
I have put the code and results on GitHub .
Firemen in the heavily-migrant populated Uppsala suburb of Gottsunda were forced to let fires rages for hours while they waited for police back up due to the danger of being attacked by local residents .
Emergency services were first alerted to the fires at 6:39 pm on Tuesday but did not arrive on the scene until 9:34 pm , almost three hours later , due to the danger of being attacked by locals in the area . Lisa Sannervik of the Uppsala police confirmed that they suspected firemen would have likely been targeted because of previous police operations in the area earlier this week Aftonbladet reports .
In total several cars and a garage containing 50 or so cars were set on fire in the area . A witness to the fires expressed disbelief in the emergency service 's response time saying , “ we stood 45 minutes , an hour . Nobody came . ”
“ There was smoke over the entire area , ” the witness added .
Police spokeswoman Sannervik justified the delay saying , “ it 's out of safety . We have on several occasions been attacked by stone-throwing in the area . ”
“ Of course , it is regrettable for residents in the area . But we need to put security for our staff as first priority , ” Sannervik added . Only when reinforcements arrived with riot gear and weapons did the police give the all-clear for the firemen to proceed to the area .
Swedish Police Admit Losing Control Of 55 No-Go Zones https : //t.co/xQ45J3vMQk pic.twitter.com/3JUUoYq5z4 — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) September 24 , 2016
Earlier this week Sannervik said that police had arrested several people in the area on drug offences in multiple operations designed to target organised crime . She theorized that the fires could have been revenge for the operations .
Safety has been a growing concern for emergency services workers operating in heavily migrant populated Swedish neighbourhoods commonly referred to as no-go zones .
Earlier this year in Malmö firemen were attacked when local “ youths ” threw glass bottles at them , forcing the firemen to abandon a blaze which burned a building to the ground as a result .
Ambulance workers have also been subjected to attacks forcing the leader of a Swedish Ambulance Driver 's Union to request that paramedics working in no-go areas be given military-grade body armour and helmets .
Hopes faded for passage of a bill to allow for a significant MARTA expansion last week after the sponsor of the legislation declared it dead .
But dead never really means dead in the General Assembly . And it became clear Wednesday that the idea behind Senate Bill 330 still has a chance at life , albeit in a new form .
July 10 , 2015 Atlanta : Brookhaven MARTA station . BRANT SANDERLIN/BSANDERLIN @ AJC.COM
Representatives for MARTA on Wednesday spoke to the Atlanta delegation of state legislators at the Capitol . Chairman Robbie Ashe said lawyers for the transit authority are trying to figure out a way to introduce a separate bill that would allow just the city of Atlanta , and perhaps DeKalb County , to vote on whether to pay an additional half-percent sales tax increase .
`` We are looking for continued ways forward , '' said Robbie Ashe . `` We have not given up . ''
The plan would most likely involve breaking into pieces the original bill , which included DeKalb , Fulton and the city of Atlanta .
MARTA may ask a lawmaker to introduce a piece of local legislation that applies only to the half-percent sales tax sought in the city of Atlanta . Local legislation is not subject to Crossover Day rules , so it could still get a vote in both chambers even though this year 's session is nearing an end , said Ashe .
The revenue from the proposed sales tax increase would be used to fund major expansion projects only within the city of Atlanta . It 's unclear what those projects would be . The three major rail expansion projects MARTA has been pursuing were situated primarily in North Fulton and DeKalb .
RELATED NEWS : Senate slams the door on MARTA expansion
MORE NEWS : Johns Creek leaders blast MARTA expansion bill
Ashe said that the project list would be developed with the input of the Atlanta City Council .
Another option to keep the proposal alive , according to Ashe , is to insert the bill 's language into an existing piece of legislation in the House in order to bring the issue to the floor for a vote .
Members of the powerful Rules Committee in the Senate blocked a vote on SB 330 on Friday after raising concerns about the plan .
The idea to keep MARTA 's expansion plans alive seemed to find a receptive audience in the Atlanta delegates in the House . State Rep. Pat Gardner , D-Atlanta , who heads the delegation , expressed frustration with leaders in the Senate who blocked the bill and said she wanted to find a solution to keep transit expansion an option for voters in her district .
`` If you talk to any of my constituents , what do they want us to fix ? Transit . '' Gardner said .
These amazing geocaches near Boston will make you remember how amazing a good puzzle box or virtual cache can be . These amazing caches explore great views , great containers and require some unique tools . Have fun and be sure to check out these amazing geocaches near Boston .
The world of geocaching is a mixed bag . Sometimes you find the most beautiful coins and travel bugs and sometimes you find a soggy paperback that you wished was a dry copy of The Phantom Tollbooth . We know it 's about the adventure , but for some ( like us ) the container is the best part of the find . However , in during those soggy paperback times , always remember the wise words of Ron Swanson , `` Do n't start chasing applause and acclaim . That way lies madness , '' Or something like that . Happy adventurering !
1 . An Ultraviolet Bumble ! -Bee
Salem Massachusetts
This is such an amazing multi-cache , one of our favorites . Search GC42DFJ to find this amazing cache . With 4 stages , this cache took us about 45 minutes to complete because of the coordinate puzzles . These puzzles are not too difficult and if you struggle with puzzle caches , this one ranks at a two difficulty and it is properly ranked . The most difficult part of this cache is also the coolest part and that is remembering your ultra-violet light ! That 's right , this one requires a UV light to solve the last part of the puzzle . If geocaching make you feel like a high-tech Indiana Jones , this one will not disappoint you .
2 . First Mass
Lexington Massachusetts
This traditional cache is one of the best near Boston . If you need proof then you 'll need to go see it for yourself ; you can trust us - this cache has been around since October 1st , 2000 and has accumulated 471 Favorite Points . As a matter of fact , this was the first cache hidden in Massachusetts ! The code for this cache is GC74 , GC74 people ! Once you find this container , head 300 feet north or south for some breath taking views !
3 . The Depot
Needham Massachusetts
If you look up this cache at geocaching.com ( GC31DE ) you will immediately be intrigued by the description . Lots of combination locks , bird houses and doors in trees . Then look at the gallery ! What ? ! This cache is set in what looks like a movie about Play Mobile people , action figures and mythical creatures built a tree house town . This super cool cache is a must-see if you are hunting for amazing geocaches near Boston . This is a fleshed out little world in the woods with trains , communities , water scenes and just all out creative glory .
4 . The Spire , the Span and the Skyline
Boston Massachusetts
This charming cache ( GCGFRJ ) has a poem for a description . It is adorable . This virtual cache is not to be ignored because it 's virtual . Answer a quick question in an email and you 'll get credit . Really though we thank this CO because the view from this spot is one of a kind . You can see the entire city and it truly gives you a different perspective of Boston if you live in the city or on the north shore . It 's worth the trip - try to go for a beautiful sunset as the city lights up .
5 . Solar System
The Solar System is such a fun cache . This one will take you all over the city for a really good reason . The Boston Museum of Science has made a model of the solar system that is 400 million times smaller than the real thing . This give you a real feeling of just how small we are on this planet . You will see some cool spots around Boston . This cache takes anywhere from thirty minutes to a few hours depending on how many planets you find . Oh and a word of advice - if you do this in the summer , Venus feels like the planet 's surface . You 'll know what I mean . Good luck explorer and have fun !
We know that there are thousands of amazing geocaches near Boston . Let us know what your favorite caches are ; we would love to keep the game going . These are just five caches that were too fun to not share with the world .
If you are looking to keep the adventure alive check out some more free content from theOutsiders and GeoBoston !
Tough Luck Destroyers of Hillary Clinton : You Won the Battle , You Wo n't Win the War
Sasha Stone Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 23 , 2017
By Sasha Stone and Ryan Adams
Enough . I 've had enough . Enough of your whiny laments about Hillary Clinton . You thought you knew Hillary when the primary campaign began . You knew the sound of her voice and her laughter and you made up your mind that those things bothered you . You thought the way she smiled — or when she chose not to — told you a lot about her , but your sneers told us more about you . You decided that a lifetime devoted to politics had ruined Hillary , even when the only alternatives on the ballot were a man mired in politics for 30 years who never got anything done and a man who knew nothing about anything who spent a lifetime devoted to fraud .
Either you never knew or you never cared that Hillary polled higher than everyone else when the race began ( yes , even higher than Bernie Sanders ) but you sure loved to crow when a systematic take-down caused her popularity to dip . As soon as the media saw that picking Hillary apart got more viewers than lifting her up , we got an earful — from men our age , men older than us , men younger than us — eager to lecture us constantly about Hillary Clinton , did n't we ? And it 's still going on . It 's the lecture that never ends . It spreads like a virus , sexually transmitted from dudebro to dudebro , so by now every manchild out there with a gripe against Hillary has added his voice to the giant monster that ate this election .
Men like these hate women like Hillary especially when those women attain positions of power . These men all say , “ Oh , I 'd vote for Elizabeth Warren or Kamala Harris. ” Sure , pal . Sure you would . Let 's see what happens once they become actual threats . Right now you like them because you can frame them as plucky Frank Capra heroines but just wait until they actually start wielding real power and begin winning votes , or worse , “ robbing ” votes from your iconic male idols .
Now a new book Shattered has rushed to publication , attempting to vindicate perpetual crybabies like Bill Maher and others with 320 pages of breathless anecdotes about how Hillary screwed this thing up . TV personalities who make millions riling up crowds need easy explanations for their wisecracks and sound-bites because what if the real reason reveals something deeper and darker about the American identity ?
Who wants to hear that ? What if people cackling in bed at Fallon and Colbert were told the truth : that Trump won because too many immature simpletons could n't feel cozy toward Hillary when she failed turn on the charm ? What if one of the real reasons Democrats lost is because too many men do n't think a woman has any value after she 's no longer sufficiently fuckable ? What if it really was that several million voters were stupid enough to fall for the endless campaign waged against Hillary for the past 30 years ? What then ? The same male drones whose impulses are ruled by their reptilian brain stems instead of logic and reason were so intimidated by a woman in power that they voted for the dumbest , most vindictive , and criminally self-serving egomaniac in American presidential history . That sad fact is far too hard to swallow for viewers of late-night talk shows , so all the glib hosts go in for the easier , more palatable kill : “ Hillary sure fucked it up ! ” — hoping we forget that their relentless mockery helped destroy her chances .
But enough is enough . We 're sick of seeing men shrug off the part they played in this debacle and try to lay the blame on the woman they savaged . The more asinine people like Bill Maher criticize Hillary Clinton the more of us will rise up to defend her . You see how that works ? Yeah , and Chelsea too . Totally Chelsea . We 're going to be all over Chelsea hashtags on Twitter , posting positive stories about her , hoping she runs for office just to watch the caterwauling white dudebros lose their shit .
Despite the near impossibility of electing two Democratic presidents in succession when the previous one leaves office ( last time it happened ? 1856 ) it did look like possibly the first woman might get elected and boy did that simple fact upset people . We were n't even allowed to be excited about it . Not even allowed talking about it because it meant we were VOTING WITH OUR VAGINAS ! How do you beat the first woman ? Well you have to divide the women . And divide they did — on the right and the left .
Hillary knew she 'd be getting it from the right worse than anyone has ever gotten it . But she could n't have planned for the left 's body blow . That she did n't see coming . Even Obama 's campaign in 2008 was n't near the brutal enmity she faced from Team Bernie . And of course , after her defeat eight years ago , she graciously stepped aside and worked as hard as humanly possible to bring her most ardent supporters over to Obama . In stark contrast , Bernie had to be put in a time-out up in the rafters at the convention in Philly , slumped in his seat with a pissed look on his face , pouting and egging on his malicious little monsters down below who did nothing but chant as viciously and stupidly as the Trump supporters . That is what happens when men have to lose to women . Now we know .
Why do we who still stand with Hillary like her so much ? Because , despite the fabricated branding she got about dishonesty , Hillary did not lie to us . Laugh all you want but one of the reasons Hillary was always so careful and measured in what she said was the elegant prudence acquired from a lifetime of getting shit any time she misspoke . She learned never to write a check she could n't cash .
But no one wanted to hear that . They needed someone like Trump to be what he always has been — a grandiose bullshitter . Just tell them what they want to hear , make them believe in something and you 'll win . It does n't matter what it is , or how realistic it is . And it does n't matter if they hate you a year later , as the emo-progs did with Obama — just so long as you promise them shit . Lots and lots of free shit ! Immigration shit . Jobs shit . Free college shit . Some of it is doable in like 20 years , some of it is n't . But the run for president in the television/internet era has become a joke . Now we know for sure it has nothing to do with experience or knowledge or how well you can actually govern . It only has to make voters FEEL something right here , right now . “ Entertain me ! Make me enjoy the reality show I 'm watching . ”
And we really got to see a show , did n't we . Trump was the freak the media needed : half tycoon , half buffoon . Bernie was the scrappy cantankerous underdog , taking down the mighty Hillary . Oh , how the press and the public became invested in watching her fall . It got so bad that her supporters had to shrink away in secret Facebook groups , afraid to put bumper stickers on our cars or lawn signs in front of our homes — afraid for our reputations , afraid to be exiled from Coolsville , afraid because we were watching a real live witch hunt . Now we 're all tuning in to watch the embers burn . It smells rotten .
The forces that elected Obama could n't protect him from the opposition he faced . They did n't try . They just let him twist in the wind , their miracle worker who could n't work miracles . When are we going to stop making excuses for the voters who really must step up to the plate but do n't ? They do n't vote and then they whine about the choices those who voted do make .
Now the show is over . Flat balloons lie scattered in corners , there 's some kind of sticky stuff on the floor , and all we can hear — in our heartbreak , in our despair , in our loneliness — is more white men yapping . They 're yapping on the left , they 're yapping on the right . Yap yap yap , as they did for an entire year .
All the journalists who very badly bungled their coverage of the election by chasing after salacious clickbait to keep their outlets alive in a time of intense competition , are now seeking to relieve themselves of the burden of guilt of having failed the American people . The book Shattered has quickly become their New Testament : see , it 's right there in chapter 3 , verses 10–13 , “ And lo , though the press erred mightily in judgment , Lord knows they did nothing wrong . Because , hark ! Hear the uproar unceasing from every network . Suspended like damnable turds in the firmament above were her eternal emails. ” Yes , the journalists have written the first of many books to absolve themselves of their sins . “ She was just a bad candidate . Her campaign was shitty . See , we were right all along . And we made lots and lots of money off of it . Witch hunts sell . Prepare for more . ”
So I 'm here to tell you Bernie Sanders supporters and Trump supporters and anyone else out there trying to finish the job you started on Hillary that we 're not going away . Many keep wondering why we are still defending Hillary Clinton . As poor conflicted Andrew Sullivan recently spat out , why do we “ feel sorry ” for her . The answer is simple : we love her . I 'll say it again — we love Hillary Clinton . Why ? Because she stood up for all the things we believed were worth fighting for . Because she stood up to Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin and Bernie Sanders and the journalists and politicians who have been accusing her of all manner of corruption since the day she became Bill Clinton 's wife . And before that even .
Anyone who honestly researches Hillary will find that 90 % of the accusations against her are flat out hysteria — mass hysteria . Like Goodie Proctor back in Salem-level hysteria . So why did she keep coming back , I wondered . Oh , Bill Maher and his band of brothers likely thought , “ she 's just ambitious. ” But it was more than that . She 's a fighter . She was never going to stop unless they found a way to stop her , and it 's our country 's greatest loss that she was stopped .
So I look at her and I see a hero . I look at her and see someone who took it and took it and took it and then took it some more . I also see someone who gave a speech on women 's rights as human rights , someone who had to swallow a lot of nonsense from arrogant pricks to try to pass universal healthcare back in the '90s . I see a woman who got out there anyway , despite our culture 's utter rejection of how she looks , what she wears , how she laughs . Most of us just want to zip it up and shut it down , but Hillary ? She spent her life defying the built-in endgame for women .
And even now , when the power has been handed over 100 % to the Republicans , when our democracy is threatened , our future , the environment and all living things on it — the attacks on Hillary ca n't stop . Like an unhealthy domestic partnership , the reckless cruelties just keep coming and coming and coming . Enough . We saw her humiliated , dehumanized , criticized , ripped apart , and virtually burned at the stake , while the townspeople pointed and laughed , drooling all the while for the deliciousness of the take-down .
Hillary 's movement remains strong . No , some of our core principles are not ever going to be enough to woo the white working class males or the still whipped-up Sanders supporters . But there are millions of us out there who love Hillary and admire her and feel fired up and inspired because of her . I pity the candidate who dismisses us . You will never win . You will always lose . We outnumber you by tens of millions . We are loyal Democratic men and women of all ethnicities and backgrounds , the Obama coalition and the Hillary coalition have come together and we make up the ever-reliable base of the real Democratic Party . We 're ready to work , ready to be enthusiastic and we are so very done with your blame-slinging bullshit .
They said exactly the same thing in 1972 , about the Democrats being out of touch with the people , only Richard Nixon said it and he was great at manipulating the narrative . Democrats are falling for every trick in the book right now , outsmarted every step of the way by the billionaires backing Trump . Buckling under this hysteria is a perfect example of that . It 's like the scene in Jaws where Quint has been eaten by the shark , and they have to go with Hooper 's dumb idea of getting in the shark cage ( “ You go in the cage , cage goes in the water , shark in the water . Our shark . Farewell and adieu to you fair Spanish ladies… ” )
What we 're doing now is trying to mirror Trump , to find OUR version of Trump , a populist , working-class hero . But we 'll bungle it like we did in '72 , chasing an ideology that makes the most noise but does n't cover enough of the bases . But go ahead and fall for it . McGovern lost every state but Massachusetts . Maybe we can aim to beat that record .
You want Hillary , and now Chelsea , to go away ? We do n't . We want to continue to listen to her and all Democrats who are there day in and day out working for the people not chasing the spotlight . We value her wisdom and her experience . Shame on the media for its treatment of her . Shame on the hard left for its dismissal of her , shame on the worst of America gathered in stadiums wearing t-shirts that said “ Trump that bitch , ” in a room full of men and women whose right arms were itching to stiffen to Sieg Heil ! Whose dubious erections wriggled slightly every time they chanted , “ Lock her up , lock her up , ” joining an invisible hand with the Bernie supporters who chanted “ She 's a liar , she 's a liar , ” as though it was decided then and there . Mob rule .
You can take the people out of Salem but you ca n't take Salem out of the people .
History will treat Hillary Clinton kindly despite all of that , and in ten years ' time the only thing anyone will remember about this election was that it took a village — with torches and pitchforks — to bring down Hillary Clinton , the first woman who should have been president .
Ecuador wants military base in Miami
By Phil Stewart
NAPLES ( Reuters ) - Ecuador 's leftist President Rafael Correa said Washington must let him open a military base in Miami if the United States wants to keep using an air base on Ecuador 's Pacific coast .
Correa has refused to renew Washington 's lease on the Manta air base , set to expire in 2009 . U.S. officials say it is vital for counter-narcotics surveillance operations on Pacific drug-running routes .
`` We 'll renew the base on one condition : that they let us put a base in Miami -- an Ecuadorean base , '' Correa said in an interview during a trip to Italy .
`` If there 's no problem having foreign soldiers on a country 's soil , surely they 'll let us have an Ecuadorean base in the United States . ''
The U.S. embassy to Ecuador says on its Web site that anti-narcotics flights from Manta gathered information behind more than 60 percent of illegal drug seizures on the high seas of the Eastern Pacific last year .
It offers a fact-sheet on the base at : http : //ecuador.usembassy.gov/topics_of_interest/manta-fol.html
Correa , a popular leftist economist , had promised to cut off his arm before extending the lease that ends in 2009 and has called U.S. President George W. Bush a `` dimwit '' .
But Correa , an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , told Reuters he believed relations with the United States were `` excellent '' despite the base closing .
He rejected the idea that the episode reflected on U.S. ties at all .
`` This is the only North American military base in South America , '' he said .
`` So , then the other South American countries do n't have good relations with the United States because they do n't have military bases ? That does n't make any sense . ''
© Reuters2007All rights reserved . Click on `` comments '' below to read or post comments Comment ( 0 ) Comment Guidelines
Be succinct , constructive and relevant to the story . We encourage engaging , diverse and meaningful commentary . Do not include personal information such as names , addresses , phone numbers and emails . Comments falling outside our guidelines – those including personal attacks and profanity – are not permitted .
See our complete Comment Policy and use this link to notify us if you have concerns about a comment . We 'll promptly review and remove any inappropriate postings . Send Page To a Friend In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C . Section 107 , this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes . Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator . )
Get notified as soon as a new playlist is released !
Cairobi - Zoraide
( 40 votes ) 2
Adventures - Your Sweetness
( 26 votes ) 5
Blunderphonics - You Ca n't Read Or Write
( 20 votes ) 6
Lanai - You Blew It !
( 24 votes ) 3
Shelflife - Wish You Knew
( 27 votes ) 5
Waterstrider - White Light
( 35 votes ) 11
German Error Message - What Do You Want
( 23 votes ) 6
The Wytches - Weights & Ties
( 31 votes ) 5
GARREN - Wan na Be There
( 28 votes ) 10
Blunderphonics - Venus Shines For A Heavenly King
( 18 votes ) 4
KRILL - Torturer
( 24 votes ) 7
Daunt - This Body Rushes
( 40 votes ) 22
Satellite Stories - The Trap
( 69 votes ) 44
Canopies - The Plunderers And The Pillagers
( 25 votes ) 7
Light Wheel - The Keeper
( 23 votes ) 7
Lost Arctic - The Fight
( 43 votes ) 16
Royal Tongues - The Balance
( 67 votes ) 44
dd elle - Tell Me
( 19 votes ) 7
Menace Beach - Tastes Like Medicine
( 24 votes ) 5
Shelflife - Swim
( 24 votes ) 6
Sleater-Kinney - Surface Envy
( 39 votes ) 12
Hippo Campus - Suicide Saturday
( 84 votes ) 44
Quantum Keys - Strong People
( 24 votes ) 7
Banff - Stand In Line
( 32 votes ) 15
Amen Dunes - Song To The Siren
( 33 votes ) 9
Twerps - Shoulders
( 30 votes ) 1
POP ETC - Running In Circles
( 70 votes ) 25
HolyChild - Running Behind
( 62 votes ) 30
Record Start - Rock From Afar
( 30 votes ) 11
Dirty Dishes - Red Roulette
( 33 votes ) 10
Purity Ring - Push Pull
( 98 votes ) 44
QUARTERBACKS - Pool
( 28 votes ) 8
Montgomery - Not Around
( 52 votes ) 24
Last Lynx - None of My Friends ( Magic Man Remix )
( 26 votes ) 11
Photay - No Sass
( 46 votes ) 16
MØ - New Year 's Eve
( 147 votes ) 78
Springtime Carnivore - Name On A Matchbook
( 60 votes ) 34
Logan Hyde - My Only Friend
( 25 votes ) 7
Ladyhawk - My Old Jacknife
( 33 votes ) 8
Al Grantham - Ms. Who I Thought That You Were
( 29 votes ) 5
Mirror Diaries - Mirror Faces
( 42 votes ) 29
Govs - Merseybeat
( 33 votes ) 10
Absofacto - Lost The Map
( 63 votes ) 32
New Shack - Little Boys
( 54 votes ) 19
Glow - Leave Me To My Dreams
( 38 votes ) 2
Modest Mouse - Lampshades on Fire
( 175 votes ) 91
The Decemberists - Lake Song
( 56 votes ) 21
Mirror Kisses - Keep A Secret
( 34 votes ) 8
Spoon - Inside Out ( Tycho Remix )
( 89 votes ) 48
OMN - In Quiet Rooms
( 76 votes ) 39
Dead Lagoon - I Want You
( 40 votes ) 16
Darlings - I Love You Too
( 29 votes ) 8
Clones of Clones - I Do n't Need Your Love
( 38 votes ) 17
Baston - HONDA
( 46 votes ) 10
Favela - Gong
( 63 votes ) 28
GANGLY - Fuck With Someone Else
( 43 votes ) 23
Skittish - Friendly Fire
( 53 votes ) 15
GEMOLOGY - First & Last
( 44 votes ) 21
Dan Deacon - Feel The Lightning
( 64 votes ) 19
Enkidu - Falling
( 42 votes ) 24
Moi Je - Fais Rien
( 120 votes ) 67
RAC - Dreams ( Ft . Pink Feathers ) [ The Cranberries Cover ]
( 116 votes ) 71
BETS - Do n't Give A Fuck
( 80 votes ) 58
Spazzkid - Daytime Disco ( Ft . Neon Bunny )
( 50 votes ) 25
Trust Fund - Cut Me Out
( 61 votes ) 24
Polycoma - Come What May
( 72 votes ) 30
Nollores - By My Eyes
( 57 votes ) 27
Sia - Big Girls Cry ( ODESZA Remix )
( 169 votes ) 72
soop - Bear In The Window
( 70 votes ) 16
Sizarr - Baggage Man
( 95 votes ) 47
BESTiE - Asleep on The Bus
( 130 votes ) 59
Vundabar - Ash In The Sun
( 91 votes ) 35
The Outdoor Type - Are You Happy
( 92 votes ) 42
Oh Wonder - All We Do
( 220 votes ) 138
Adam Snow - All I Need
( 162 votes ) 70
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has poured cold water on hopes the European Commission President candidate of the most popular political party after next year 's EU election will automatically get the post .
`` I do n't see any automaticity between top candidates and the filling of posts , '' said Merkel on Friday ( 25 October ) in Brussels .
The EU elections will take place 22-25 May 2014 ( Photo : European Parliament/Pietro Naj-Oleari )
`` The treaty says that it should be taken into account . Otherwise the commission president will be voted by the parliament based on a proposal by the [ EU leaders ] , '' she noted .
She added that this means there will be `` many considerations '' and `` many discussions '' after the 22-25 May European Parliament vote on how to divide the vacant posts .
Merkel 's comments indicate the old habits of the past will continue .
This sees EU leaders negotiate behind doors to divide up the posts of the commission president , foreign affairs chief and EU council president .
Weight is given the person 's political affiliation , nationality and gender . Their talent or suitability for the job is often an optional extra .
With the entrance into force in 2009 of the EU 's newest set of the rules - the Lisbon Treaty - several had hoped that the EU elections would become more political , with the rules stating that EU leaders should propose a commission president `` taking into account '' the European elections .
Those in favour of the idea say that giving EU voters a real outcome for their vote will make the election more European - rather than the national affair it is today - and buck the continuous downward trend in voter turnout .
This has led to European political parties promising to field candidates for the post . Merkel 's own faction , the centre-right EPP , is set to make a nomination in March next year .
European Parliament President Martin Schulz is set to stand for the centre-left while the far-left is set to field Alexis Tsipras , head of Greece 's Syriza party , as its candidate .
Jean-Claude Juncker , longterm Luxembourg leader , has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the centre-right .
Merkel said there are important posts to be distributed by EU leaders and that should be `` distinguished from '' political parties putting forward top candidates .
The chancellor added that the parties ' candidates can not necessarily expect to become president and said `` false promises '' should not be made .
The continuation of the secretive nomination process stands in stark contrast to the large increase in powers given to the EU level as a result of the economic crisis .
New rules allow the European Commission to see the budgets of euro states before national parliaments do .
Thomas Klau from the European Council of Foreign Relations calls this the `` height of political irresponsibility '' which will lead to another `` unconvincing trio '' in Brussels - a reference to the occupants of the current top three posts .
`` National leaders seem intent on doing politically mad thing of having on the one hand strengthened the power of the system to intrude in national politics and on the other hand refusing to give the system the political leadership it would need to exercise such power responsibly , '' Klau told this website .
Have you ever thought to yourself , “ Hey , would n't it be awesome to add really annoying sound to my Linux application launchers ? ” Yeah , this happened to me the other day . But rather than keep this to myself , I decided to show you how to do the add fun sound effects to application launches and even demonstrate to make each keypress sound like a real electric typewriter .
It 's time for typewriter-sounds
I hunted high and low for a duplicable way to make my typing feel a bit more…retro . As luck would have it , there was a Github project that fit the bill perfectly . The project is accurately named typewriter-sounds and it 's fantastic !
One of the first big takeaways I loved about it was that it seemed to work with my currently-installed python libraries . Nothing ticks me off faster than playing musical libraries – this app gets it right and just works with what you have . The one thing you will need to make sure you have installed , however , is PyGame . Ubuntu-based distros can install this easily :
sudo apt install python-pygame
( Nope , this is n't a typo )
With this installed , the next step is to get the typewriter software downloaded from Github . You can do this one of two ways . I recommend using the following method .
First , let 's install git .
sudo apt install git
Now let 's clone this bad-boy . This approach will provide you with a working directory to run your program with a single command .
git clone https : //github.com/aizquier/typewriter-sounds.git
Now , let 's run the program in the background . Adding ‘ & ' will allow us to close the terminal without killing the program .
python typewriter_sounds.py &
Now , simply type exit to safely close the terminal without killing the program .
Uh , great…now make it STOP !
Stopping this program is super simple . You can either restart your PC or simply stop the process in its place . This can be done visually using the System Monitor or instead , via htop .
First , let 's make sure you have htop installed .
sudo apt install htop
Now type the htop command into a terminal :
htop
This will bring up your processes just like System Monitor would . Here 's where htop makes itself really stand out – filtering and killing processes . Back in the terminal , press F4 for filtering . Next , type out typewriter and hit enter .
Now the fun part . Let 's kill this process where it stands . With either of the two processes highlighted ( there will likely be two ) , press the F9 key then hit enter . Done . You killed it . That 's right , it 's dead Jim .
Let 's make annoying sounds for your application launchers
See those icons on your desktop ? Odds are , most of those are icons designed to launch specifically-assigned applications . The good news is the most modern installations have all of the software components needed needed to add sound effects to specific application launchers .
What you 'll need :
– A text editor .
– Knowledge of where your application 's executable is located ; ie , /usr/bin/blah or /opt/blah .
– Familiarity with the cd command in the terminal ( cd /whatever ) .
Now in my case , I 'm running audio effects for Vivaldi , Firefox and Google Play Music Desktop Player .
Because the process is all the same regardless of the launcher or the app , I 'm only going to break this down for a single application . For my example , I 'll be using Vivaldi .
Crack up your text editor , and follow along closely .
# ! /bin/bash /usr/bin/aplay /home/matt/Warp.wav & AUDIO= $ ! /usr/bin/vivaldi-beta & CHROMEWANNABE= $ ! wait $ AUDIO wait $ CHROMEWANNABE
Did you know : A few things to note here . First , we 're setting this up so the audio plays at the same time as the launch of the application . Normally , processes within a script like this run in order . So without adding “ wait ” , we 'd have audio playing using the aplay command…then Vivialdi would run . Pretty weak , right ? So by using the above approach , your audio will run in unison with Vivialdi 's launch . The terms AUDIO and CHROMEWANNABE can be whatever you like . I chose these just for fun . Also , the caps are just for visability . Lower case letters are fine . Just make sure the commands match from the first line to the “ wait ” line with each example .
First step is to make sure your have your application path set as you want it . You 'll want to do the same for your sound file .
Note : Use a wav file and not an mp3 . Even with the right codecs installed , wavs simply work better . Now save the file , naming it something like Vivialdiscript or whatever . You will not need to add a dot sh to it . This is a dated misconception and while it wo n't hurt , it serves no purpose here .
Now we 're ready to make it executable . The easiest way is from the command line . Change into the directory storing the file and…
chmod +x Vivialdiscript
Awesome – now the script is ready and we 're ready to annoy any poor souls who have the misfortune of sharing office space with us . Test the file like this .
After making sure you 've changed directory to the script directory :
sh Vivialdiscript
This will play your path-assigned audio file while launching the assigned application . And by testing this in the terminal , we 're able to see any path issues or related errors .
Let there be application launchers !
Now that we have a working script , let 's create a working launcher for said script . Remember , ideally we 're trying to create a launcher that feels native to our desktops .
Let 's open up our text editor again , new document . For Vivialdi , my launcher is going to look like this .
# ! /usr/bin/env xdg-open [ Desktop Entry ] Type=Application Terminal=false Exec=/home/user/Vivialdiscript Name=Vivialdi Icon=vivaldi-beta
Did you know : You can use this method to create any desktop launcher you like ! The only stuff you need to make sure are correct are the Type , Exec path , and Icon . With regard to icon , you can also use the icon path if you do n't know the actual reference for it otherwise . So if the icon you wanted was in your home , your might do Icon=/home/user/icon.png or you can browse through other available icons in /usr/share/icons instead .
The next step is to save the file as a .desktop file and its executable . Name it whatever you like . Do this by changing into the proper directory in your terminal :
chmod +x Vivialdi-sound.desktop
Now the file is executable – double click it and be amazed ! Congrats , you now know how to make annoying sound effects for your Linux desktop application launchers .
Pro tip : There is nothing stopping you from taking this to the next level .
Pranks on friends ? Audio alert for browser , “ Come over here everyone ! Philbert is about to open up his creepy browser stash ! ” This is a huge hit at most offices .
Complete an existing desktop theme ? Add various sound effects for different applications that match your wallpaper and icons . The possibilities are endless . Firefly , Marvel , Star Wars , Star Trek – the list is endless .
Auto-start the typewriter effects !
I avoided mentioning this previously because for most people , this will be something you want to manually run . That said , if you “ must ” have the typewriter sounds enable on each boot , you only need to run python typewriter_sounds.py & as a startup option .
On any worthwhile distro , you 'll have a Startup Applications Preferences like option . Simply create and add this script :
# ! /bin/bash sleep 25 cd ~/typewriter-sounds python typewriter_sounds.py &
Save it as something like typewriter . Then make it executable . Yes , you MUST cd to the directory…otherwise it will not run correctly .
chmod +x typewriter
Add the full path to the script in your startup tool ( assuming something like Startup Applications Preferences ) . You could also use a launcher ( sans audio effects ) to make it easier to run python typewriter_sounds.py & , but that 's up to you . Since this is path-dependent , it might be best to script this too and then add it to your system 's start up .
Save and you 're all set !
Troubleshooting
Wo n't launch ? Test the script in a terminal first , as described above .
If it 's the launcher , not the script that wo n't launch , make sure your desktop file is executable as described above .
The audio sound wo n't play . First , test out the audio file using aplay in the terminal .
aplay /path/to/audio.wav
This should provide Playing WAVE ‘ /path/to/audio.wav ' ending in a return to a normal command script . If you still hear no audio , then do the following .
sudo apt install pavucontrol
Once installed , run pavucontrol , open up the Playback tab .
Back in a terminal , with pavucontrol still visible .
aplay /path/to/audio.wav
Did you see the ALSA plugin for aplay appear ? Did you make sure it was using the right audio device ? If the audio was too short for you to see it , aplay a longer wav file and adjust the playback device pulldown option accordingly .
Karl Rove ( Photo : Screen capture )
Republicans have been slow to come out against President Donald Trump but conservative strategist Karl Rove is done .
In a blistering op-ed in the Wall Street Journal , Rove said , “ Trump lacks the focus or self-discipline to do the basic work required of a president . ”
Rove began explaining why Trump 's tweeting does n't remove the media barrier between Trump and the citizenry , it consistently undermines his administration and his political agenda . Citing Trump 's tweets calling his executive order a “ travel ban , ” Rove said the legal strategy defending the ban “ lies in tatters . ”
He went on to say that Trump 's tweets that followed were “ even more hazardous . ”
“ We are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. , ” Trump wrote .
“ The second executive order says its rationale for suspending visas for 90 days was that conditions in the six nations ‘ present heightened threats , ' ” Rove explained . “ The Department of Homeland Security was given 20 days to ‘ conduct a worldwide review ' and determine what ‘ additional information will be needed ' to vet visitors properly . Those countries would then have 50 days to ‘ begin providing ' the requested information . If any refused , no visas would be issued for their citizens to enter the U.S . ”
Rove said that the 90-day timeline died Monday , and along with it went Trump 's credibility for the executive order .
“ Trump insists that ‘ extreme vetting ' is already taking place . So why is his administration still seeking judicial approval to halt visas temporarily for these six countries ? ” Rove wondered .
Government lawyers are wasting their breath defending an executive order that the president thinks is n't even needed .
While Trump can reach his supporters directly on Twitter , his inability to fact-check has left him in a position where there are “ considerable doubts Americans have about his competence and trustworthiness , ” Rove wrote .
He went on to wonder why Trump was questioning the motives of other countries for entering into the Paris Climate Accord at a time that the U.S. needs international support for the war against ISIS . Instead , Trump should have touted American success and leadership on fighting climate change without the Paris Climate Accord .
“ Increasingly it appears Mr. Trump lacks the focus or self-discipline to do the basic work required of a president , ” he closed . “ His chronic impulsiveness is apparently unstoppable and clearly self-defeating . Mr. Trump may have mastered the modes of communication , but not the substance , thereby sabotaging his own agenda . ”
Read the full op-ed at the Wall Street Journal .
Scan most reviews of Final Fantasy XIII and you 'll find a single accusation binding the lot of them : That Square Enix 's action-roleplaying game is stiflingly linear , undeviating for too long , and restrictive to a fault .
GamesRadar : `` 2D side-scroller levels of linearity . ''
CVG : `` 15 hours of dead straight single-path linearity is a little overkill . ''
1UP : `` Chop -- there goes the nonlinearity . ''
GameSpot : `` Exceedingly linear exploration and character progression . ''
Wired : `` Final Fantasy XIII is relentlessly linear . ''
They 're not wrong . The game leads off straight as an arrow , though it opens wide dozens of hours later , with as much to explore and accomplish on your own terms after you 've polished off the Big Bad as there was leading up to the main story 's frenetic final beats .
But let 's talk about those `` linear '' opening hours , because they 're on everyone 's lips .
When the game begins , after the pre-rendered intro deposits you on The Hanging Edge inside a kind of electric green shell , your first chance to interact is a battle . Your second is a follow-up battle to the first . And your third ? A stroll along a wreckage-littered sky-highway toward ... yep , more battles . With rare exception , Final Fantasy XIII 's following 25 hours are battles followed by more battles punctuated by non-interactive story exposition . You control the rate of advance by steering your party at or away from enemy mobs , but that 's all the control on loan at the outset .
Even classic RPG-like features get the boot in an attempt to excise all gameplay flab .
Towns ? You 'll encounter several in the game -- as detailed as they 've ever been -- but here you battle through them instead of dropping by during interludes to solicit trite one-liners from wandering folk , or to grab a few winks and heal up at an inn . Shops ? Snipped along with the leisure side-trips and melded instead with the save point system . Access a save node in Final Fantasy XIII and you 'll have the option to browse themed shops that start with just a few simple items , cycling in more advanced stock as you progress .
Why cut that stuff ? Because trawling for shallow chitchat and to identify weapon-armor-item stores is frankly -- hands over ears , hardcore fans -- down-tempo and disruptive . As well , because Final Fantasy XIII 's major narrative plays out over a brief span in story-time . Sandwich an entire world to explore between the major plot beats instead of toward the end and you compromise your ability to establish then maintain brisk pacing .
As such , Final Fantasy XIII looks less like a roleplaying game and more like a battle simulator than any of its predecessors . In fact it probably has more in common with its 'Tactics ' series offshoot : Discrete battles linked by automatic narrative development . Instead of turns , the battles play out in real-time , but the basic formula 's similar .
Amazingly , there are still some people who do n't think we landed on the moon . These people are complete idiots , to put it kindly . Back in 2002 , Buzz Aldrin punched one of those idiots after being followed and harassed at a hotel in Beverly Hills .
You can see video of the altercation below .
`` Why do n't you swear on the Bible that you walked on the moon , '' Bart Sibrel keeps saying as he chases Aldrin around the hotel and the street outside .
Advertisement
`` You 're a coward and a liar and a ... '' Sibrel whines before the second man to ever walk on the moon punches him in the face .
Ultimately , no charges were filed . Probably because any judge would 've asked that idiot moon hoaxer to approach the bench and done the same as Aldrin .
Factually is Gizmodo 's new blog of fun facts , interesting photos , and weird trivia . Join us on Twitter and Facebook .
The latest Canadian election ( they keep having 'em , every year or two , as the minority Tory party tries to bolster its number in keeping with Prime Minister Harper 's autocratic ruling style ) is heading for an upset . For the first time , it looks like the pro-Net-Neutrality , copyfighting , broadband-for-all New Democratic Party might hold the balance of power .
The NDP has captured new voters from across the political spectrum in a remarkably eclectic fashion . Looking at how 2008 voters have migrated , we see the Conservatives almost entirely intact whereas the NDP is now an amalgam of defected Conservative , Liberal , and Green supporters . In particular , the NDP surge has been driven by a wholesale transfer of Bloc Quebecois supporters in Quebec . If the NDP is the clear winner to date in Campaign 41 ( and they have literally doubled their support which may be unprecedented ) the hapless Bloc Quebecois are the flip side of this success . Their hegemony of Quebec federal politics has collapsed and they are now plumbing historical depths having sunk below 25 points . Their support is also concentrated among younger voters who may be less likely to vote . The NDP is doing best with women ( who they now lead nationally and with voters under the age of 45 ) . They are doing well in virtually all regions of the country and now have a constituency which most resembles the centre of Canada demographically and geographically .
Xiaomi is definitely not one to lag behind and since Meizu just updated its competitive offer - the Meizu m3s , it comes as no surprise that an upgraded Xiaomi Redmi 3 was also made official . It bears the Redmi 3s moniker and adds even more value to its affordable asking price .
The Xiaomi Redmi 3s is still equipped with a 5-inch , 720p display , fitted inside the same body as its sibling , measuring - 139.3 x 69.6 x 8.5mm and also weighing exactly as much at 144grams . However , there is now a round fingerprint reader on the back of the unit . And the upgrade extends to internals as well . The device utilizes an octa-core Snapdragon 430 SoC , which is no powerhouse , but is still better than the Snapdragon 616 in the non `` s '' model .
The camera setup , on the other hand , looks unaltered . The Redmi 3s has a 13MP rear shooter with an aperture of f/2.0 , a single LED flash and phase detection auto focus . On the front , there is a 5MP , f/2.2 selfie cam . A 4,100 mAh battery still runs the show and you get the typical set of connectivity options , like 4G LTE , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , Bluetooth 4.1 , GPS + GLONASS .
Last , but not least , the Xiaomi Redmi 3s will now be offered in two memory versions . The basic 2GB RAM , plus 16GB of expandable storage is said to cost just CNY 699 ( $ 106 ) on the local market and the more spacious 3GB RAM , plus 32GB will go for CNY 899 ( $ 136 ) . Color options include dark grey , silver and gold . Needless to say , there are impressively affordable price points , which users in China can expect to take advantage of starting June 16 . However , it is also worth noting that if and when the device reaches international markets , it will cost a bit extra .
Source
Jun 22 2012
By Thalif Deen
RIO DE JANEIRO , Jun 21 ( IPS ) As the global population threatens to explode ? from the current seven billion to over nine billion by mid-century ? the sharp increase in humans not only means overcrowded cities but also increasing demands on food , water , energy and shelter , foreshadowing devastating implications for a sustainable future .
The 21st century is a critical period for people and the planet , with demographic and consumption trends posing tremendous challenges in a finite world , warns a new report released at the Rio+20 summit on June 21 by the U.N. Population Fund ( UNFPA ) .
Appropriately titled ? Population Matters for Sustainable Development , ? the report underlines the relevance of population dynamics in the sustainable development agenda ? which has been lost over the past decades ? .
It puts forward concrete human-centred and rights-based policies to address issues facing the world at large in the 21st century .
In an interview with TerraViva , UNFPA Executive Director Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin said improving the wellbeing of humanity now and into the future requires above all a genuine and immediate shift towards sustainable production and balanced consumption ? the hallmark of the green economy .
? Everywhere , but especially in emerging economies , millions more people are becoming richer consumers of goods and services , thus adding to pressures on natural resources . Sustainable patterns of consumption ? enabled in part by appropriate technologies ? are therefore urgently needed , ? he said .
Dr. Osotimehin said new global population dynamics present many challenges but also offer opportunities to secure a sustainable future . Demographic shifts , such as the trend towards living in cities , can reduce strains on the environment by reducing consumption of resources .
? Slowing population growth can have a positive impact on environmental sustainability in the long run . It will also offer nations more time to adapt to changes in the environment . However , this can occur only if women have the right , the power and the means to decide freely how many children to have and when , ? he said .
The report says more than two-thirds of the governments of the 48 least developed countries ( LDCs ) have expressed major concerns with high population growth , high fertility and rapid urbanisation .
In order to bring the population agenda back into the sustainable development discussion , there is a need to recognise that population dynamics have a significant influence on sustainable development ; efforts to promote sustainable development that do not address population dynamics have and will continue to fail ; and population dynamics are not destiny .
But change is possible through a set of policies which respect human rights and freedoms and contribute to a reduction in fertility , notably access to sexual and reproductive health care , education beyond the primary level , and the empowerment of women .
Dr. Osotimehin said governments also need to integrate population trends and future projections into their development strategies and policies . ? Investments that are built on ? and take advantage of ? demographic trends can help transform populations into rich human capital that can propel sustainable development , ? he said .
? Planning for projected changes in population size for trends such as migration , ageing and urbanisation is an indispensable precondition for sustainable rural , urban and national development strategies , as well as meaningful efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change. ? ( ends )
Older people are being denied help for problem drinking .
A major investigation of scores of services helping people with alcohol issues has found widespread ageism .
The Drink Wise , Age Well - which runs programmes for older drinkers in Glasgow and four English and Welsh centres - said younger people were routinely prioritised .
Its findings come despite over 50s now having the most problematic drinking habits as young people increasingly shun alcohol .
The body said it believed denying services to older people could be illegal under equality discrimination laws .
Its research found that some older problem drinkers were merely offered vitamin injections rather than treatment to help reduce or cut alcohol consumption .
Some services , it said , had an attitude that older drinkers were not worth expensive interventions because of their lower life expectancy .
Julie Breslin , Head of Drink Wise , Age Well said : “ Changing lifestyles and the older demographic means for the first time in recent history older people in the UK drink more and are more likely to exceed recommended guidelines than other age groups , but help and support has not yet caught up .
“ Older people are being written off – sometimes unlawfully - and we believe this report has the potential to change that . ”
Drink Wise , Age Well was set up in 2014 by the charity and Addaction and is paid for the by the Big Lottery Fund . It was created because of a rising tide pensioners with drink problems.-
There has been a 45 per cent rise in alcohol related deaths among the over 50s since 2001 across the UK .
The Scottish Government has found binge drinking rising among 65-74 year-olds as it falls among all other age groups .
The Drink Wise , Age Well report is being launched on Monday at the House of Lords . Baroness Hayter who is a member of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Alcohol Harm said , “ Contrary to popular belief , harmful drinking is not the preserve of the young .
“ In fact , many young people have followed advice and favour the gym or sports field over the pub and have been brought up never to drink and drive .
“ Indeed , the only age group in the UK where drinking has increased is the 65-74 year-old . So our consideration – and prevention – of problem drinking has to turn to the retired , or those who 'll approach it over the coming years .
“ Drink Wise Age Well has drawn up guidance and recommendations for a swathe of organisations and professions , providing a vital tool in promoting health , happiness and a productive retirement for a growing generation . ”
The report called for arbitrary age limits for alcohol services to be removed .
Wow , I have n't posted in a while . Well , new job , another project… training . It was alright , at least I managed to spend a lot of my time practicing .
So , I stole the idea for this post from Mike 's HEMA blog , but I honestly think we should all do a review of our year . I 'll model my post partially on his , so , Mike , take it as a compliment .
So… my HEMA year was good . Here it is in a nutshell :
Injuries :
1. something wrong with the sole of my foot – this is the explanation for now , as I have not yet visited a doctor for it . It is painful , sometimes , the ball of the foot gets tender when I apply repeated pressure . It has come up recently , I am not sure from what exactly , and it gets worse after long driving – when I use the clutch too much . I think it will get better , though , if not , I am up for a visit to the doctor after the holidays .
2. got stabbed in the hand – no photo , sadly… One of our club mates did not hear my advie on taping the tip of his one-handed Regenyei XV – this one :
So… I got hit and about a centimeter entered into the soft part under the pinkie of my right hand . Nothing serious , but I was angry… well , because a week earlier I predicted someone will get hurt because of those damn tips . It healed enough to train in a week , and not it is completely ok , but it was frustrating .
That 's it ! A lucky year as far as injuries go , of course , I am excluding an enormous amount of bruises , but , well , they are part of the day now .
So , the good things :
1 . I had a smashing time at our summer camp this year , you can see some photos from it here . It is my favourite time of the year , those 9 days out of the city , into the sword camp . There is one magical thing about it – we have been going for 5 years , and every camp is better than the previous .
2 . We now have a designated free sparring day – Sunday ! It is great , and it was needed . Because of a wave of newcomers , we advanced people who are not able to train in the morning have spent a looot of time doing basics . It was perfectly good , and fruitful , but not always fun . Now we have one day just for getting wild .
3 . I have a new piece of equipment that brings tears of joy to my eyes – new gloves . No , not any of the branded ones . They are a gauntlet prototype made by Dinko , one of my mates , and while they do n't look so good , the protection is top-notch . Maybe next year he will work towards putting them out there . I had not realized how many bad gloves had affected my sparring – I had become overly protective of my hands and messed up , even to the expense of my head ( on my head , I have a mask which can withstand most blows , my older gloves could leave me with a broken finger , and I work with my hands ) . It was also amazing how fast I could shed that feeling and start fighting logically .
4 . We have a lot of people training – the old dogs are here , the new ones are enthusiastic , and I think we now clearly have 4 groups divided by level – just skillwise , not official , of course . Which is great . And I am happy . But the training room is getting smaller .
The bad stuff :
1 . I lost of a lot of myself into the whole bad-hand-protection thing . Only after I have freed myself from it , I understood the amount of damage it has done on my psyche . Well , it 's all healed up now , but it still sucked .
2 . As things were not the best money-wise , I did not manage to get any new equiment this year – a jacket and a sword , to be specific… . yeah , I have swords , but I want more… . The jacket is a necessity , although my old gambeson does it 's work well . I hope to save enough money next year .
3 . I have been behind on reading the new stuff that is coming out . The Meyer translation , the Leckkuchner one… And I want to , I want toooooooooooo… . But there has been no time . Well , I may be able to catch up during the holidays .
Other things to fix in the future :
1 . My general fitness . It is not bad… but it is also not good enough . Actually , I 'll be honest – most of the time people are impressed and surprised that I can work so good and fast when I have a 20 pound ( maybe more ) extra weight . It made me happy that I have managed to overcome it , but now I think… what could it be without it ?
2 . My equipment . I need a jacket , a Liechtenauer from Albion ( because I want one , damn it ) , and I have fallen in love with this simple beauty from Szymon Chlebowski :
This is not simply sword vanity or sword greed . I am up to this level where I need better equipment , more equipment , and I need it soon . I need to do test-cutting , more sparring , and even just more general training with better equipment .
3 . I want to spend more time on research . It may be hard to do so in the free time I 'll have in the future , but damn it , I am the historian and I know enough German to read the MSs ( hard , but manageable ) . I should spend time doing it .
Overall , it was a great year . Fun , mostly healthy , extremely educating , thoroughly enjoyable .
What awaits next ? Well , at least for now there are a couple of great HEMA things coming in 2014 :
1 . We are finally starting a Ringen class . Each Saturday . And the instructor will be… me . And Dinko , thank god . I would not have been able to do it alone , if not for his enthusiasm to make it possible . A small group – maybe 6 or 7 people – is a good start .
2 . We 'll have uniforms . Well , you can see from photos we have a t-shirt and a hoodie , but now we are going full – new hoodies , pants , sweatshirts , hats , and kerchiefs . They must-haves are the shirt , pants , sweatshirts and hoodies .
3 . Our website is almost there , and it will probably be online somewhere around New Years .
4 . I will save what money I can and visit the HEMA brothers near me – Poland , Czech , Croatia…
So this is it… you should also give it a try .
Advertisements
Ben & Jerry 's : Lobby UK 's Ambassador for Europe to take in more refugees
WhatsApp 0 shares
Ice cream giants Ben and Jerry 's have teamed up with a George Soros-linked group to ask their customers to lobby the EU to take in more migrants .
A blog post on their website states that “ record numbers of people around the world are being forced to flee their homes due to war and violence ” .
The virtue signallers then go on to announce that they are teaming up with the Soros funded International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) , ran by former Labour MP David Miliband “ to support a historic piece of legislation that would help refugees resettle safely in Europe ” .
The legislation they refer to is the proposed EU Resettlement Framework , which will open up legal routes for migrants to come to Europe .
Dimitris Avramopoulos , Commissioner for Migration , said the legislation was essential for “ protecting migrants from exploitation by smuggling networks and dangerous journeys to reach Europe . ”
The European Commission announced earlier this year that they plan to find countries €250,000 per migrant allocated that they refuse .
The proposed legislation has already passed its first hurdle , according to the ice cream makers , however , they say : “ Our work is n't finished yet . Now it 's over to our ambassador to the EU , Sir Tim Barrow , ” their website states .
“ Make sure he hears your voice and ask him to stand together for refugees TODAY . ”
The company then encourage their supporters to fill out a form which adds their name to a letter which will be sent to Barrow .
A video they made to accompany the campaign calls on its customers to “ be on the right side of history ” by giving “ refugees a place to call home ” .
The video was widely panned , receiving just 36 thumbs up to 613 thumbs down and users did n't hold back in the comments either !
“ Never ever buy [ ing ] your shit again , globalist scum , ” said one commenter .
“ Good ice cream . that 's it . fuck the rest of your political bullshit , ” another said .
Others said they would be boycotting the brand . One user said : “ Ben & Jerry 's on the wrong side of history . Goodbye . Welcome back Häagen-Dazs ”
In 2013 , the IRC gave George Soros its top honour at a fundraising dinner which was presented by former President Bill Clinton .
“ It 's hard to think of any citizen of the world who would have done more to deserve the award , ” Clinton said .
The event raised $ 3.5 million for the charity . Soros pledged an additional $ 1 million after receiving his award .
In September , Ben & Jerry 's launched a new flavour – Home Sweet Honeycomb – with proceeds being donated directly to the IRC .
The ice cream makers say that despite Brexit , they hope the UK will adopt the same resettlement law into UK legislation .
Westmonster has a sneaking suspicion that such a policy is n't going to be a vote winner…
Fox News host tells Trump he 's the 'problem '
CLOSE A Fox News host bashed President Trump on Tuesday after Trump lashed out at the media . Buzz60
Fox News host Neil Cavuto gave President Trump some tough love on Tuesday , criticizing Trump 's use of social media and accusing him of alienating members of his own party .
“ Mr . President , it is not the fake news media that 's your problem . It 's you , ” said Cavuto , who has been with Fox since the early days of the network in 1996 . `` It 's not just your tweeting , it 's your scapegoating . It 's your refusal to see that sometimes you 're the one who 's feeding your own beast . ”
This week alone , Trump has used Twitter to go after everyone from the “ fake news ” media , a favorite target , to the mayor of London , Sadiq Khan . Do n't expect him to stop anytime soon .
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media . They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
The host laid into Trump for creating division within his own administration , warning that “ if he keeps doing what he 's doing , they 're all going to be politically puking next year . ”
Cavuto tried to give Trump a little “ common sense ” saying , `` Mr. President , they did n't tweet disparaging comments about a London mayor in the middle of a murder spree — you did . They did n't turn on a travel ban that you signed — you did . You 're right to say a lot of people are out to get you ... but ... the buck stops with you , Mr . President . ''
He urged Trump to treat the critique coming from “ usually friendly and supportive allies as sort of like an intervention … because firing off these angry missives and tweets risk your political destruction . ”
Cavuto is n't the only person to criticize the president 's tweets this week . George Conway , husband of presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway , also called the president out for tweeting about his proposed travel ban .
Watch the full video of Cavuto 's comments below :
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2s5qIhl
Adelaide United 's Stefan Mauk named A-League young footballer of the month
Updated
Adelaide United midfielder Stefan Mauk has been named the A-League 's young footballer of the month for February .
The 20-year-old , who has represented Australia at Under 17 , Under 20 , and Under 23 levels , has been in impressive form since moving from Melbourne City in January .
But he revealed he could have been aiming for an AFL premiership if his father had not stepped in .
`` I think I was 11 years old at the time ... I thought I was all right ( as an Australian Rules player ) , '' he said .
`` I used to play down at Henley Sharks with Billy Stretch actually who is out at the Melbourne Demons in the AFL .
`` I 'm definitely happy to play football or soccer . ''
Mauk remembers his father suggesting that honing the skills of soccer was best done at a younger age and Aussie Rules was something he could go back to when he was older .
He now has his sights set on playing professional football in Europe and believes winning the young footballer of the year award would help achieve that .
`` Jimmy Jeggo , who was here last year , he 's won it and other players that have gone through and then gone onto European teams , so that 's the dream I guess , '' he said .
Mauk has attributed his form to playing in his favoured central midfield role , and in front of a new home-town audience , which includes his family and friends .
`` Playing in my natural position in midfield has been good whereas at Melbourne City I was on the wing . I think it suits my natural attributes a lot better playing in the middle , '' he said .
`` I suppose coming into a new team with a fresh head and doing the best I can to impress my coach and my teammates and it 's just so happened that I 've been lucky to be nominated for this award . ''
Adelaide United started the season without Mauk and failed to score any wins in their first eight matches .
However since then it has been unbeaten in 13 games and could be top by the end of round 22 if it can beat Wellington Phoenix in New Zealand on Saturday .
Topics : soccer , sport , a-league , adelaide-5000 , sa , australia
First posted
A national suicide prevention charity is demanding that the government launches a major campaign to raise awareness of suicide .
Suicide is the biggest killer of men under 35 in the UK .
Shoulders hunched and legs pressed together , Danni Mather , 23 , told Newsbeat about his experiences of feeling suicidal .
`` I just felt empty - that 's the only way you can describe it , '' he says . `` It 's just complete emptiness . ''
`` You ca n't smile . You can be told the greatest joke in the world , the greatest news in the world , and you 'll just feel like it 's nothing . You just exist . ''
The musician says he did not have much to be depressed about but was unable to push the dark thoughts away .
Every time something goes wrong it becomes the first thing that pops into your head Danni Mather , 23
On several occasions he considered suicide , he says : `` Every time something goes wrong it becomes the first thing that pops into your head : just do it .
`` You 're waiting for a train and the first thing that pops into your head as you 're waiting for it is got in front of it - because if that hits you you 're not waking up . ''
Luckily for Danni , he received professional help and says he overcame his depression .
But more than 3,000 male deaths in England and Wales in 2010 were ruled as suicides or undetermined fatalities according to the latest figures .
A total of 868 of those were aged between 15 and 35 - that is three times more than the number of women in the same age bracket .
Advice if you 're affected by the issues in this article
Unemployment worries
Jane Powell , director of Calm - a charity that concentrates on preventing male suicide , says more needs to be done .
`` Nine out of 10 people are n't aware that suicide is the biggest killer of young men under the age of 35 , '' she explains .
I think awareness of the dangers of salt is higher amongst parents then suicide , and that ca n't be good Jane Powell , Calm
`` That disempowers both family and parents , plus the young men themselves .
`` I think awareness of the dangers of salt is higher amongst parents then suicide , and that ca n't be good . ''
She wants the Department of Health to set up a campaign and says she is worried that economic problems , like high unemployment , could make the problem worse .
`` For men , they are defined by in many people 's eyes by what they do , '' says Powell .
`` If they have n't got a job , then they 're no one . I think that is part of why suicide is such a male issue . ''
Male suicides in the UK have reduced over the last 10 years but the figures are still far higher than those killed in road accidents or knife and gun crime .
Despite that , the man who used to head up the Department of Health 's mental health division says the government 's current approach is working .
`` It took 25 years for the suicide rate in young men to double , '' says Louis Appleby .
`` It took 12 years for it to fall back again to the same level , so something very beneficial has happened .
`` Part of that has been the awareness of the front-line agencies that they are dealing with a very troubled , potentially high-risk , group of people . ''
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ms Banon had accused Mr Strauss-Kahn of attempted rape in 2003
A French inquiry into attempted rape claims against ex-IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn has been dropped .
The prosecutor 's office said the evidence suggested sexual assault - a less serious offence than attempted rape , with a shorter statute of limitations .
Writer Tristane Banon had accused Mr Strauss-Kahn of attempted rape in 2003 .
Her accusation emerged while Mr Strauss-Kahn was accused of rape in New York ; that case was later dropped .
Prosecutors said in a statement that `` it is clear that , for lack of sufficient proof , a prosecution may not be initiated over the count of attempted rape , but facts that could be described as sexual assault have meanwhile been recognised '' .
Under French law , the statute of limitations for attempted rape is 10 years , but three years for sexual assault .
Ms Banon 's lawyer described the decision as a victory : `` [ Mr Strauss-Kahn ] will have to be satisfied with being an unconvicted sex attacker , protected by the statute of limitations , allowing him to escape criminal prosecution , but not a legitimate suspicion , '' lawyer David Koubbi said .
The ruling demonstrated `` the facts that [ Ms Banon ] complained of were not 'imaginary ' contrary to Mr Strauss-Kahn 's claims '' , he added .
Mr Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer has said the decision means her client has been `` completely cleared '' .
'Advance '
Ms Banon has indicated she may still file a civil suit against Mr Strauss-Kahn .
As part of the police inquiry , Mr Strauss-Kahn and Ms Banon confronted each other at a Paris police station at the end of September .
Sex cases against Strauss-Kahn Criminal case on sexual assault charge in New York - dropped 23 August
Civil case on sexual assault charge in New York - ongoing
Criminal investigation on attempted rape claims in Paris - dropped 13 October
Ms Banon said Mr Strauss-Kahn had tried to rape her during an interview for a book .
Mr Strauss-Kahn was previously said to have admitted making `` an advance '' on Ms Banon , but denied any violence and is suing for slander .
He resigned from his job as head of the International Monetary Fund after a New York hotel maid accused him of attempted rape earlier this year .
He still faces a civil suit in the US by his alleged victim in New York , Nafissatou Diallo .
Though one rarely associates Lovecraft with slapstick humor , that 's what you 'll get in a new horror-comedy about the last living relative of the pulp writer who invented Cthulhu . The Last Lovecraft : Relic of Cthulhu is coming to theaters this year .
According to Shock til You Drop :
Dark Sky Films has acquired The Last Lovecraft : Relic Of Cthulhu , directed by Henry Saine . . . Dark Sky is looking to roll the film out through a limited theatrical run later this year .
Advertisement
The filmmakers describe the movie on The Last Lovecraft website like this :
Jeff , a down on his luck office worker finds out he is the last living relative of horror novelist H.P . Lovecraft . What he does n't know is that Lovecraft 's monsters are real and will soon threaten the very existence of mankind . Jeff and his best friend Charlie are forced to embark on a perilous adventure and they enlist the help of high school acquaintance , Paul , a self proclaimed Lovecraft specialist . Together the three unlikely heroes must protect an alien relic and prevent the release of an acient evil , known as Cthulhu .
The trailer for the flick makes it look like a cross between a Stuart Gordon movie and Fanboys - which could be awesome .
Douglas Robb at HealthHabits posted the other day about the Occlusion/Kaatsu training method , which is popular in Japan . While not necessarily useful to me , I found it a very interesting read .
What Kaatsu Training Does
Kaatsu training looks like it can increase muscle hypertrophy significantly more than regular resistance training over an extremely short period of time . In fact the results of the studies show that 2 weeks of Kaatsu training increases muscle mass to a higher degree than 5 weeks of regular resistance training .
The Definition of Occlusion
In medical terms , occlusion is the act of occluding or the state of being occluded ; a shutting off or obstruction of something ; a blocking of the central passage of one reflex by the passage of another .
Kaatsu training applies occlusion by restricting blood flow to target muscle groups , also called Blood Flow Restriction , or BFR .
So , What is Kaatsu Training ?
Kaatsu training involves applying a tourniquet or a tight wrap to the proximal portion of the target limb in order to fully or partially restrict blood flow for the duration of a low intensity exercise session .
The guidelines of Kaatsu training are as follows :
Intensity is 20 % of 1 rep max .
Training frequency is twice a day , 6 days per week .
The minimum duration of Kaatsu training is 2 weeks , for a total of 24 sessions in 14 days .
At least 4 hours between sessions .
Occlusion is maintained throughout the entire exercise session .
Why Kaatsu Training Works
The theory is that the metabolic buildup within the restricted muscles elicits a number of physiological changes including a significant rise in growth hormone , which is actually higher than that observed with higher intensity exercise . Is n't that interesting ?
The Studies
Several studies were performed using both the Kaatsu method and regular resistance training . The results of those experiments are shown in the table below .
Table 1 : Training studies on the effects of high-intensity resistance training and low-intensity BFR training on skeletal muscle size and strength
Please see a more detailed version of this table in the PDF document linked at the bottom of this post .
Author
( Journal , Year ) No . of Subj . Intensity
( reps x sets ) Weekly
Freq . Weeks /
Sessions M-size
% Change Session
% Change High-intensity Resistance Training Akima et al . ( MSSE , 1999 ) 7 Max
5 x 10 4/5 2 / 9 2.8 0.31 Seynnes et al . ( JAP , 2006 ) 7 Max
7 x 4 2/3 5 / 13 5.0 0.36 Tesch et al . ( Acta , 2004 ) 10 Max
7 x 4 2/3 5 / 13 6.0 0.50 Bell et al . ( JSMPF , 1992 ) 16 Max
20 x 3 4 5 / 20 5.3 0.27 Wilkinson et al . ( EJAP , 2006 ) 10 80-90 %
6-10 x 3-4 3 8 / 24 5.4 0.23 Jones et al . ( JP , 1987 ) 12 80 %
6 x 4 3 12 / 36 5.0 0.14 Ahtiainen et al . ( EJAP , 2003 ) 16 10RM
all-out x 5 2 21 / 42 4.7 0.11 Low-intensity BFR Training ( training frequency : twice per day ) Abe et al . ( IJKTR , 2005 ) 8 20 %
30 & 15 x 3 12 2 / 24 7.7 0.32 T. Fujita et al . 8 20 %
30 & 15 x 3 12 1 / 12 3.0
3.5 0.25 ( MV )
0.29 ( CSA )
Key : M-size , muscle size ; CSA , cross-sectional area ; MV , muscle volume .
Conclusion
Traditional resistance training performed 2-3 times per week causes muscle hypertrophy in about 5 weeks after roughly 10-15 training sessions .
After the completion of the Kaatsu training study by T. Fujita et al . ( see Table 1 ) with both a Blood Flow Restricted ( BFR ) group and a control group , significant muscle hypertrophy was observed only in the BFR group as the CSA and MV both increased .
The resulting hypertrophic potential per session is similar to traditional high-intensity training .
1-RM strength in the BFR group increased slightly due to increased muscle mass , although relative strength ( 1-RM/CSA ) stayed the same .
Muscle damage normally associated with resistance training was not apparent in either group , as measured by blood levels of creatine kinase , myoglobin , and interleukin-6 .
BFR training did not produce any signs of blood clotting .
Changes in muscle mass following 7-days ( 12 sessions ) of low-intensity resistance training using BFR resulted in effects comparable to that of several weeks of high-intensity resistance training .
Changes in muscle mass following 14-days ( 24 sessions ) of low-intensity resistance training using BFR resulted in effects greater than those seen after several weeks of high-intensity resistance training .
Kaatsu training produces changes in strength that are inferior to a resistance training program designed to maximize strength gains .
Should You Use Kaatsu Training ?
I am almost tempted to say “ Yes ” based on the results of these studies , but in reality I know better . There are much better ways to train if you are a healthy person .
For bodybuilders , Kaatsu training appears to be an effective way to increase muscle mass… or you could just do 20 rep sets of breathing squats .
For powerlifters , the increased muscle mass could then be trained to maximize density and strength in program consisting of 2-3 weeks of Kaatsu training followed by 8-12 weeks of powerlifting . Do n't tell Louie Simmons that you are considering this though .
For Olympic lifters or sport-specific athletes , I do n't think Kaatsu training has much to offer you . Your best bet is to train for speed/strength and specific functionality . The increased muscle mass would probably be more of a hindrance .
For novice or intermediate athletes who really only exercise for fun or to stay healthy , Kaatsu training probably does n't have a place in your workout routine unless you want to worry about wearing really tight wraps or tourniquets while you exercise .
Additionally , occlusion training might be suitable for the following sub-sets of athletes :
athletes who are unable to sustain high loads due to joint pain
postoperative patients
cardiac rehabilitation
athletes who are unloading
astronauts
Resources
Read more about the T. Fujita et al . study here : Increased muscle volume and strength following six days of low-intensity resistance training with restricted muscle blood flow
Tags : build muscle , gain , gain muscle , kaatsu , mus , muscle gain , occlusion , weight , Weight Training , weightlifting
Want to buy a $ 100 coffee ?
Sounds absurd , does n't it ? However , it 's equally absurd that this is how much more Albertans pay for some generic drugs than people in other countries .
Take , for instance , 20mg of the cholesterol-lowering drug simvastatin . Albertans pay 90 cents for each tablet . In New Zealand , the government drug plan buys the same drug for 1.8 cents , or 50 times cheaper . And simvastatin is not alone : Albertans currently pay more than other countries for 93 % of widely used generic drugs .
The good news for Albertans is that some relief is coming . In this month 's budget , the government reduced their maximum price for generic drugs from 35 % of the equivalent brand name drug to 18 % . In effect , this means they cut prices in half , and will save $ 90 million every year as a result .
This is a positive move for two reasons . First , it will make life easier for the 1 in 12 Albertans who currently ca n't afford their prescription drugs , and also benefit Alberta 's employers by significantly reducing their employee benefits costs .
Second , it will save money that is being unnecessarily spent from public coffers . Across Canada , provincial governments are spending hundreds of millions of dollars more than they would at international prices every single year . This move will put some of those funds back into the public purse .
A dollar saved , of course , has to come from somewhere . And thus , pharmacies and generic drug manufacturers have voiced their entirely predictable objection to this move .
Pharmacies have claimed that the loss of revenues from Alberta 's move will lead to reduced access to pharmacy services . We need only look across the country to find strong evidence that this is not the case . In 2010 , Ontario also halved the price of generic drugs . Back then , pharmacy chains in Ontario claimed the price cuts would force them to close outlets . In reality , the number of pharmacies has increased in both years since the change . The Alberta government has also increased the funding for pharmacy services and rural pharmacies to help this transition .
Generic drug manufacturers have rightfully pointed out Alberta could benefit from using generic drugs more often . While 80 % of prescriptions are for lower-cost generics in the United States , they are just 60 % in Canada . However , what they neglect to point out is that you will save even more if you buy them at a fairer price .
The real question is n't whether Alberta should go forward with this move . The evidence is clear that they should .
The real question is what Alberta should do next . Our answer : introduce true competition into this market .
You see , other countries obtain lower prices by getting generic manufacturers to compete against one another to offer a high-quality product at the best price . That 's how New Zealand gets simvastatin at such a great price .
Other generic drugs used by hundreds of thousands of Albertans are also purchased in other countries for a fraction of the price . Even at the new 18 % prices , Albertans will still pay 14 times more for atorvastatin , 11 times more for amlodipine , and 5 times more for metformin . These are not cherry-picked examples : even with Alberta 's change , the prices available in other countries will still be lower for 82 % of commonly used generic drugs .
Other nations can provide a wealth of experience with competitive contracts : this is how public drug programs in the U.S. , New Zealand , and a number of European countries buy generics , and how they ensure a secure and stable supply of medicines . The claim that lower prices will result in drug shortages is simply not based on evidence : even a report commissioned by Canadian generic manufacturers found that European countries using competition have not experienced drug shortages as a result .
Alberta should seize the opportunity to become a true national leader . The province should couple lowering prices with improving drug coverage . Instead of just lowering prices , the government should use this opportunity to introduce universal coverage -- Medicare coverage -- for some widely used generics for chronic conditions like hypertension and diabetes . The beauty of such a policy is that it would improve health , and save money at the same time . It would be a win-win for Albertans , and an example for the rest of Canada .
Advertisement 2 planes collide over SF Bay ; 1 lands in Ione Debris spotted in San Pablo Bay after collision Share Copy Link Copy
Two small planes heading home from a show collided over the northern part of San Francisco Bay on Sunday , leading searchers to comb the water for a pilot after only one of the aircraft landed safely , authorities said.Debris was found in San Pablo Bay after the 4:05 p.m. collision near the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge , but there were no signs of the downed pilot , Coast Guard Petty Officer Loumania Stewart said.Watch report : 2 small planes heading home from show collide '' We 're doing our search patterns . The cold water and dark is going to inhibit us , '' Coast Guard Lt. Jennie Crump told KTVU.The collision involved a single-engine Cessna 210 and a single-engine Hawker Sea Fury TMK 20 , Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said.The Cessna crashed into the water and the Sea Fury 's pilot was able to land 40 minutes later at Eagle 's Nest Airport in the small Northern California city of Ione , Gregor said.Amador County firefighters and medics sent to the Ione airport were not needed because the pilot and passenger in the Sea Fury — a husband and wife — were not injured , the county 's Undersheriff Jim Wegner said.Nick Beck who lives near the airport said he watched the Sea Fury land with what he had heard was a mechanical problem . `` The plane stood on its feet . Gear did n't collapse underneath it . So everything was OK. And I thought that 's all there was to it , '' said Beck.Both planes had departed from Eagle 's Nest Airport to participate in the Pacific Coast Dream Machines , an annual festival in Half Moon Bay that features a variety of planes , motorcycles , and cars.Both planes left Half Moon Bay Airport , about 20 miles south of San Francisco , and were on their return flight to Ione.Witnesses at Point San Pablo Yacht Harbor told the San Francisco Chronicle that the Cessna spiraled out of control and crashed into the choppy water after the collision. '' Tragic . The plane spinning that hard . You ca n't jump out . You ca n't get away . It 's really sad , '' witness Eric Johnson told KTVU . `` Everyone associated with the Pacific Coast Dream Machines Show is terribly saddened by this news and we hope and pray the missing plane and survivors are ound , '' the event organizers said in a statement.Wegner would n't discuss damage to the Sea Fury , citing the ongoing investigation by the FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board.FAA records indicate the Sea Fury , a vintage British fighter plane , is registered to Sanders Aeronautics Inc. in Ione.A man who answered the phone at the company 's listed number declined to comment.Sanders Aeronautics ' website said the family-run company specializes in aircraft restoration and brothers Dennis and Brian Sanders are avid air racers.Beck said the pilot made the right decision to return to its home base . `` Because we have a one mile strip that 's very wide , lit , gated . There are no obstructions on either end and its safe , '' said Beck .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Virgile Resende : `` This group of people decided to group under a tree to get to safety and it was a bad choice for them ''
Lightning strikes in several European countries have killed one man and caused serious injuries as summer storms hit across the Continent .
The man was killed in southern Poland as he was hit by lightning while descending a mountain .
In Paris , a birthday party in Parc Monceau was struck , injuring 11 people , eight of them children . Several are in a life-threatening condition .
Three people were seriously hurt at a youth football match in Germany .
Paris park
The children injured in Parc Monceau on Saturday afternoon were aged about nine . Six of the injured are in a serious condition .
They were struck after seeking shelter under a tree , police said .
An off-duty firefighter , Pascal Gremillot , happened to be nearby and was able to rapidly administer first aid and heart massages . Officials said the situation would have been much worse if he had not been there .
Image copyright AP Image caption Glasses and a jacket were left behind in the Parc Monceau after the incident
Image copyright AFP Image caption A nearby building was requisitioned to treat the injured
Image copyright AP Image caption Firefighters were called to Parc Monceau on Saturday afternoon
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Parc Monceau lies in Paris 's wealthy eighth arrondissement
German football match
The referee was one of three adults at the match in Hoppstaedten in the south-west of Germany who suffered serious injuries , police in Kaiserslautern said .
He took a direct lightning hit , suffered a cardiac arrest and was taken to hospital by helicopter .
Another man was also airlifted to hospital and a third was taken by ambulance . All three injured men were in their 40s , the police added .
Initial reports said 35 people had been injured at the match - however , many were taken to hospital as a precaution .
Witnesses at the match said there were no dark clouds and the sky was blue when lightning struck just after the final whistle .
Image copyright Polizeidirection Kaiserslautern Image caption Multiple emergency services vehicles attended the aftermath of the lightning strike in south-west Germany
Torrential rain also halted play at the French Open as defending champion Serena Williams was about to start a match against Kristina Mladenovic .
Safety tips when lightning strikes
Seek shelter inside a large building or a car
Get out of wide , open spaces and exposed hilltops
If you have nowhere to shelter , make yourself as small a target as possible by crouching down with your feet together , hands on knees and head tucked in
Do not shelter beneath tall or isolated trees
If you are on water , get to the shore and off wide , open beaches as quickly as possible
Source : Rospa
Analysis , by Clive Mills-Hicks , Meteorologist , Met Office
The storms developed because a very warm and humid air mass covered mainland north-west Europe at the same time as the air higher up in the atmosphere was becoming colder , creating a very `` unstable '' atmosphere .
This instability manifested itself in the storms which developed extremely rapidly once the air had warmed up sufficiently .
Over much of the area , the temperature climbed to 25 Celsius , more than enough to trigger the storm clouds . Such storms produce intense rainfall , hail , and numerous lightning strikes and it is typical for them to be at their most widespread and intense in the early afternoon . They are not unusual over the Continent during the summer , although today 's outbreaks were perhaps more widespread than normal .
Further storms are likely over Europe on Sunday : the areas expected to see the storms are southern and eastern Germany , the Czech Republic , and the western half of Poland .
In addition to the widespread nature of Saturday 's storms , the fact that they came at a weekend , and during otherwise fine , warm weather , made it more likely that they would have an impact on people .
How do you recover from being struck by lightning ?
Sept/Oct/Nov 2015 Craft Brewing Two new books examine America 's ongoing romance with witchery Peter Manseau
The Witches : Salem , 1692 by Stacy Schiff Little , Brown and Company $ 32.00 List Price For more info visit :
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Salem gets a bad rap . For centuries , the tidy seaside suburb twenty miles north of Boston has served as shorthand for both colonial spookiness and the potentially fatal effects of small-town gossip . But it was not , in fact , the witchcraft capital of early America .
According to the latest scholarship on necromantic allegations made at the height of the ten months of madness later known as the Salem witch trials , that distinction actually belongs to nearby Andover . In a recent data-driven visualization created by the University of Virginia 's Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities , expanding red circles on a green topograph of New England grow with every charge of diabolical behavior made in the region in 1692 . Like nuclear impacts on a war-games map , the circles quickly overlap , seeming to trigger others . Salem erupts with an early strike , but it 's Andover that appears obliterated by occult accusations .
Nevertheless , one quaint Massachusetts village is now best known for its prep school , while the other is infamous for evils both real and imagined . Not that the current residents of the latter seem to mind . Today , Salem has gone further than any other community in the United States in turning tragic history into marketable kitsch . Tourists are encouraged to “ visit for a spell ” while buying pointed black hats and love potions at local shops including Witch Way Gifts , the Magic Parlor , and Salemdipity . Salem High School 's sports teams are called the Witches ; its student newspaper is , of course , Witches Brew .
Yet as cartoonish as the figure of the witch has become
…
Much has been made of Paul Ryan 's recent , self-described attempt to win hearts and minds by taking on poverty in the name of the GOP . In a Washington Post profile on the former V.P . nominee ( memorably critiqued by Alex Pareene here ) , readers are promised that Ryan 's mission is “ part of a larger effort to revamp the GOP , ” which might cause a reasonable person to conclude the plan will feature more than the party 's usual menu of poverty “ solutions ” : vague and vitiated policies , a focus on scaling assistance programs back rather than up , and an intense and thoroughgoing disdain for poor people .
Instead , rather than introducing anything novel into Republican poverty discourse , Ryan revisits the same old played-out themes : toothless and indefinite policy measures , celebration of voluntary non-governmental poverty relief efforts , and a dedication to ending what Ryan has called a “ culture of dependency . ”
Advertisement :
The old “ dependency ” saw is a Republican favorite from way back . It 's been harped upon by every Republican blowhard with a platform , and was especially popular during the 2012 Republican primaries , when Newt Gingrich famously decried so-called efforts by “ the food stamp president to maximize dependency. ” Gingrich , like Ryan , imagines government assistance programs to create disincentives for everything from work to innovation to the pursuit of one 's dreams , which would seem to suggest some kind of interest in the well-being of poor people .
But do n't be fooled : The “ dependency ” argument , as proposed by the GOP in every venue and format imaginable , is nothing more than thinly veiled scorn for the poor , and suggests a plan for moral discipline , not positive outcomes in the handling of poverty .
That GOP interest in “ dependency ” is code for some other interest becomes most clear when one considers what the term must actually mean . After all , dependency on the state for one 's allotment of wealth is hardly limited to poor people . Through the use of courts and police to see to the enforcement of contracts , trespassing laws and all other legal measures pertaining to property , the government determines that a person 's wealth will remain under their control . While it 's true that a person fully reliant upon , say , SNAP ( the recently reduced Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program also known as food stamps ) would be in dire straits if the government suddenly withdrew the legal structures that undergird and fund the program , so too would any wealthy person if the government suddenly refused to authorize police to involve themselves in the protection of private property . It 's legal structuring all the way down , in other words , when it comes to securing all our wealth ; this is not limited to poor people using assistance programs .
More intellectually dishonest yet is the GOP tendency to contrast “ dependency ” with work . Dependent people , they want us to believe , lazily elect to rely on what Republicans depict as a monolithic entitlement structure robust enough to meet all needs indefinitely , thus refusing to work . There is , of course , no such uniform structure . What is typically called “ welfare ” in public discourse is actually a smattering of different and variably funded individual programs including but not limited to SNAP ( “ food stamps ” ) , SSDI ( “ disability ) and the EITC ( the earned income tax credit ) . SNAP already features severe restrictions on participation by non-working able-bodied adults without dependents ; unsurprisingly , in 2011 , 31 percent of households receiving SNAP assistance featured earned income . All people benefiting from the EITC work by definition , and those on SSDI should not be expected to work by definition . Further , SNAP and other patchy assistance programs are notoriously limited in what they can provide , despite GOP efforts to portray them as bottomless wells of cash available to scheming fraudsters . In 2011 , the average SNAP benefit per person was roughly $ 133 monthly , or less than $ 1.50 per individual per meal .
Given the relative frailty of U.S. assistance programs along with their largely successful built-in measures to encourage work , it is truly puzzling that Republicans nonetheless insist that they create voluntary joblessness and hence “ dependency. ” The evidence is straightforward : People tend to rely upon assistance programs when they ca n't work or ca n't find work , or , as in the case of the working poor , when the work that they do does not pay enough to support them and their families . Why , then , do Republicans like Paul Ryan participate in a fantasy of widespread welfare dependency when it comes time to propose policy measures ostensibly aimed at aiding the poor ?
This is because “ dependency , ” for Republicans , is a moral status , not a practical evaluation of a person 's financial circumstances . Since government is inherently coercive and tyrannical in the GOP mind , any positive use of it must actually represent some kind of moral ill. To depend upon the government is , for the GOP , to display an unhealthy alliance with what they imagine being a bloated and corrupt sort of nanny state , and to relinquish one 's rugged individualism .
Advertisement :
Hence the focus on poverty relief strategies that are vaguely defined at best and strategically incapable of accomplishing what they 're reportedly created to do . While Paul Ryan may talk up “ volunteerism ” – that is , private , spontaneous , individually generated poverty relief efforts – as superior to state programs aimed at poverty relief , we know that private giving has never come close to accomplishing what public assistance programs have in terms of generating assistance funds . In what way , then , can volunteerism be superior to vastly more effective and efficient state poverty relief programs ?
For the GOP , the answer is simple : Volunteerism is superior to state assistance programs because it categorically prevents us from being held accountable as a culture for the suffering of our poor . Private giving is a wonderful thing to do , but by its very nature it can be neither guaranteed nor enforced . Republicans are comfortable with this situation , because it ensures that the wealthy will never be pressured in any serious sense to care for the needs of poor people . Supporting a volunteerist approach to poverty relief brings all the praise and warm fuzzy feelings of any crusade against poverty without any of the teeth : if , after the stump speech ends , a candidate decides to give nothing , nobody can do anything about it . The poor remain poor , needs to remain unmet , and , perversely , the world is better in the GOP mind-set , because the poor are no longer `` dependent '' upon government .
If you sense here at least a callous indifference to the lives of poor people , you 've got it right . The entire “ dependency ” argument relies at least upon that kind of indifference , and at most upon a more intense spite . Paul Ryan recently said that “ spiritual redemption ” raises people from poverty , underscoring with brutal clarity that , for the GOP , poverty and dependency represent moral and spiritual failures on the part of the poor rather than on behalf of society as a whole . A spiritual redemption on a much greater order would be required , I expect , to orient Ryan and the GOP 's poverty relief focus where it should be : on the needs of the poor , not the moral aspirations of the rich .
LiveWell Colorado Awards Pueblo the Elite Status for Commitment to Healthy Living
LiveWell Colorado is proud to award the Elite Status City recognition to the City of Pueblo . The city achieves this milestone recognition from LiveWell 's HEAL Cities & Towns Campaign for adopting five healthy eating and active living policies that help make it a healthy place to live , work , and play .
“ Pueblo is extremely proud to be recognized as a LiveWell Elite City . It is reflective of our commitment to improve healthy living , and our residents and overall community efforts to be more active , ” said City Council President Steve Nawrocki . “ A LiveWell lifestyle is critically important for building a strong vibrant community . ”
“ Pueblo has demonstrated a serious commitment to building a healthier community , ” said Julie George , LiveWell Colorado 's director of the HEAL Cities & Towns Campaign . “ They 've made policy changes that help create safer access to walking , biking , and public transportation for residents . ”
There are four levels of the LiveWell Colorado HEAL Cities & Towns Campaign : Eager , Active , Fit and Elite . In order to qualify for Elite status , a city must have adopted at least five healthy eating and active living ( HEAL ) policies . The following are just a few of the policies adopted by Pueblo :
Adopted the 2040 Regional Transportation Plan which provides the framework for providing increased opportunities for multi-modal transportation throughout the Pueblo area , including future bicycle and trails routes , and increased access to public transportation .
Adopted City Center Streetscape Standards that create a bicycle and pedestrian oriented environment by providing buffers between sidewalks and moving traffic . The standards also include installation of landscaping , continuous ADA complaint sidewalks , public art , bicycle racks , and pedestrian friendly intersections and crosswalks .
Made numerous investments to improve active transportation infrastructure including streetscaping on Santa Fe Avenue , streetscaping and pedestrian improvements on CO 96 through the business districts ; installation of bike lanes on Elizabeth Street , Greenwood Street , Orman Avenue and Goodnight Avenue ; renovation of the Dix Park Playground ; construction of a new bicycle and skate park ; construction of curb ramps and sidewalk in low income area ; and transit bus replacement .
Created and staffed a health and wellness coordinator position .
Modified the municipal code to include “ Accessory Community Gardens ” as a “ use by right ” within nearly every zone district . This was implemented to encourage development of these spaces .
Pueblo Triple Aim played a role in helping to convene stakeholders to talk about implementing strategies at a municipal level . “ A key outcome of these efforts have been expansion of bicycling and pedestrian accessibility , ” says Lindsay Reeves , community engagement director for Pueblo Triple Aim . “ Adding pedestrian cross-walk timers , bicycle racks , and bike lanes has made it easier for community to get out and be active . We 've seen a big expansion in cycling within Pueblo . The community has embraced this change and even created the HEAL Cities Cycling Club . ”
To learn more about Pueblo and their healthy living initiatives , please visit www.pueblo.us .
The Maryland Senate has approved a bill to make possession of small amounts of marijuana a civil rather than a criminal offense .
The measure would apply to those who possess less than 10 grams of marijuana .
By a vote of 30-16 , the Senate approved a bill that would reduce the offense from a criminal misdemeanor to a civil offense with a $ 100 fine .
In debate today , the sponsor of the bill , Baltimore County Democrat Bobby Zirkin , stressed that police could still take people into custody with small amounts of marijuana , but release the offender with a fine , after the drugs are weighed .
Under current law , possession of less than 10 grams could lead to up to 90 days in jail .
This bill now goes to the House of Delegates , where a committee is holding a hearing today to legalize limited amounts of marijuana for adults 21 and older .
The House Judiciary Committee has been discussing the bill today .
The bill would remove all penalties for private possession of up to an ounce of marijuana and cultivation of up to three plants .
The measure also would direct the Maryland comptroller to license marijuana retail stores , wholesale facilities and testing facilities .
The bill was introduced by Baltimore City Democratic Delegate Curt Anderson .
He told WBAL News today that it is not likely the bill will be approved by both the House and Senate in the remaining three weeks of the legislative session .
He does say he wants the hearing on the bill to start a conversation about legalizing marijuana .
Anderson says that he is hoping that Congress takes up the issue of legalizing marijuana on the federal level , based on the discussion of the issue in Maryland and other states .
House Speaker Michael Busch told reporters that he believes neither the Anderson nor the Zirkin bill has a chance of passing in the Hosue of Delegates .
Busch says that he opposes both bills , noting that marijuana is still considered a controlled dangerous substance , under federal law .
What 's cooler than being cool ? Brine-cold .
When salt-rich water leaks out of sea ice , it sinks into the sea and can occasionally create an eerie finger of ice called a brinicle . New research explains how these strange fingers of ice form and how the salty water within sea ice could have been a prime environment in which life may have evolved .
The study , published in the American Chemical Society 's journal Langmuir , suggests that brinicles form in the same way as hydrothermal vents , except in reverse . Hydrothermal vents are spiny-looking towers on the ocean bottom where boiling , chemical-rich water flows out of the seafloor .
The brinicle-forming process goes like this : When sea ice freezes in the Arctic and Antarctic , the salt and other ions in the water is excluded from the water crystals , said study author Bruno Escribano , a researcher at the Basque Center for Applied Mathematics in the Basque Country in northern Spain . This salt-heavy brine accumulates in fractures and compartments within the sea ice .
Inevitably , however , sea ice cracks , and the brine leaks out . The brine itself is colder than the freezing point of seawater , since salt-rich water freezes at lower temperatures ( hence the reason people put salt on icy sidewalks in the winter , enabling the ice to remain a liquid when it 's below freezing ) , Escribano told OurAmazingPlanet .
Since the concentration of water in the brine is lower than that in the ocean — and water moves from high to low concentrations , via osmosis — water is attracted to the brine . But the brine is so cold that the water freezes , forming a descending tube of ice , Escribano said .
Hydrothermal vents form by an analogous method : Ion-rich hot water is expelled from the seafloor and then begins to dissolve , forming a porous shell of metal extending upward . Water then rushes in , moving from high to low concentration , rupturing the membrane and causing more metal-rich water to spurt out , extending the tube and repeating the process .
Both are examples of `` chemical gardens , '' a type of chemical process and the name of an experiment common in chemistry sets that operates along the same principles and forms tubes of crystals that make plant-like shapes , Escribano said .
Brine-rich compartments within sea ice have some properties that could have helped life originate , Escribano said . `` Inside these compartments inside the ice , you have a high concentration of chemical compounds , and you also have lipids , fats , that coat the inside of the compartment , '' he said . `` These can act as a primitive membrane — one of the conditions necessary for life . '' They also contain a mixture of acidic and basic components that could provide energy necessary to form more complex molecules , perhaps even DNA , he said .
Email Douglas Main or follow him @ Douglas_Main . Follow us @ OAPlanet , Facebook or Google+ . Original article on LiveScience 's OurAmazingPlanet .
No American has ever been successfully prosecuted for violating the Logan Act in the 217 years since Congress enacted it . But plenty of high-ranking government officials have gone to jail or suffered other legal penalties for perjury and obstruction of justice . Just ask John Poindexter , the Reagan-era national security adviser who was found guilty of lying to Congress before his conviction was thrown out on appeal . Or Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby , the former top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney who was convicted of perjury , obstruction of justice , and making false statements after he lied to the FBI agents investigating the Valerie Plame affair . Or William Jefferson Clinton , who broke no law by having an affair with Monica Lewinsky but who was impeached by the House of Representatives for lying about it . The list goes on and on .
Flynn has now acknowledged “ having inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador. ” That would not be a crime . But Spicer used a stronger term at his briefing on Tuesday , telling reporters that Flynn had “ misled ” Pence and other members of the administration , including himself , about his call with the Russian ambassador . The White House concluded that Flynn had not violated the law by speaking with Kislyak but that his dissembling , or misremembering , of the law had led to “ an erosion of trust ” between him and the president . ( Meanwhile , a report Tuesday evening from NBC News alleges the White House withheld concerns about Flynn from the vice president for 15 days . )
Indeed , Spicer went to great lengths on Tuesday to argue that it was Flynn 's cover-up , and not his conversation with Kislyak , that bothered Trump . He said it was entirely appropriate for Flynn to discuss policy , even the possibility of lifting sanctions against Russia , as part of his efforts to prepare for the new administration and to assume the critical post of national security adviser . Left unanswered , however , was a question posed by Spicer 's account : If Flynn 's discussion with the Russian ambassador was completely appropriate , why did he feel the need to lie about it ?
The Flynn case is another politically charged investigation on the desk of FBI Director James Comey , who infuriated Democrats first by calling Hillary Clinton 's handling of her private email server “ extremely careless ” and then by sending a letter to Congress days before the presidential election announcing that the bureau was reviewing more emails in connection with its investigation . Trump made a point of asking Comey to stay on as director , and he 's said nothing about the Flynn investigation . Perjury remains a difficult charge to prove in court because prosecutors must demonstrate that a person knowingly intended to deceive , and Flynn has already suggested his accounts to Pence and others were the result of a faulty memory .
The FBI declined to comment on Tuesday afternoon . But it apparently knows what Flynn said to Kislyak , having access to transcripts and recordings of the call . An equally important question now is : What did Flynn say to the FBI , and does the FBI—and Comey in particular—think he lied ?
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
A survey of Albany Park residents aims to discover what dining and nightlife options the neighborhood is missing . View Full Caption Getty Images/Karl Walter
ALBANY PARK — How often are Albany Park residents leaving the neighborhood to dine out , grab a pint at a pub or check out a new band ? And how much money are they taking with them ?
That 's what a new survey , launched by the community group Albany Park Neighbors , aims to find out .
Among the questions asked :
• '' What types of food do you leave the neighborhood to find ? ''
• '' To what neighborhoods do you regularly travel to go out for drinks and/or dancing ? ''
• '' In Albany Park , what major intersections would you be most likely to walk to for these activities ? ''
The entertainment and culture survey is the first in a series planned by APN 's business development and enrichment committee , according to member Eric Filson , who 's received 100 completed questionnaires since the survey was posted to APN 's Facebook page March 13 .
The group 's intent is two-pronged , he said .
One is to compile the survey results into an information packet that can be presented to existing business owners in order to demonstrate missed opportunities . If the survey indicates that residents consistently leave the neighborhood in search of Mexican food , when there 's a Mexican restaurant within walking distance , APN can use this information to help the business owner refine his marketing .
`` For example , the Modelo Club has fantastic food , their food is wonderful . But the perception is that this is not a dining destination , '' said Filson .
The other prong , he said , is to use the information to develop a plan to fill vacant storefronts , particularly on Lawrence Avenue . APN will use the survey results to approach entrepreneurs to give them data on what types of businesses local residents are interested in .
`` We have people who live in the neighborhood who run successful businesses elsewhere in the city and nobody has made a business case to them for opening a business in Albany Park , '' said Filson .
With the survey , `` We should be able to say , 'We have 40 people looking for a neighborhood pub and they 've identified Central Park and Lawrence as within walking distance , ' '' he said .
`` It 's certainly an experiment , '' Filson said . `` We 're putting the seed in people 's minds that Albany Park is a good place to do business and hopefully something will sprout . ''
Though the survey will remain open for an indeterminate time , those who respond by April 19 will be entered in a raffle for a $ 50 gift certificate to Golden Crust Pizza .
While Albany Park Neighbors is primarily focused on the area within Pulaski Road , Kedzie , Foster and Montrose avenues , people who live adjacent to those boundaries are also encouraged to participate in the survey .
Said Filson , `` If you would walk or take a train to Albany Park , fill it out . ''
Click here to access the survey .
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Smartphone maker BlackBerry has agreed to go private in a $ 4.7 billion deal led by its biggest shareholder , allowing the on-the-go email pioneer to regroup away from public scrutiny after years of falling fortunes and slumping market share .
The $ 9 a share tentative offer , from a consortium led by property and casualty insurer Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd , will set a floor for any counteroffers that might emerge for Blackberry , which has been on the block since August .
As an investor , Fairfax Chief Executive Prem Watsa is often described as the Canadian Warren Buffett because he also takes the long view .
Blackberry shares peaked above $ 148 in June 2008 when the company 's devices were still the top choice for bankers , politicians and lawyers .
The stock , halted pending the announcement on Monday , closed below the offer price on Nasdaq , at $ 8.82 , indicating the market 's lack of faith that other bids would emerge .
“ I would think a competing buyout offer is quite unlikely , ” said Elvis Picardo , strategist at Global Securities in Vancouver . “ The miniscule premium , and the muted market reaction , is another indication that the market views the odds of a competing bid as slim . ”
BlackBerry , based in Waterloo , Ontario , once dominated the market for secure on-your-hip email . But it introduced consumer-friendly touchscreen smartphones only after it lost the lead to Apple Inc 's iPhone and devices using Google Inc 's Android operating system .
BlackBerry has until November 4 to seek superior offers , which the Fairfax group has the right to match . The group is seeking financing from Bank of America Merrill Lynch and BMO Capital Markets to complete the deal and has until that November 4 deadline to conduct its due diligence .
A BlackBerry statement did not name members of the consortium , although many in the financial community see Canada 's deep-pocketed and influential pension funds as likely participants .
“ We need to be careful given disclosure constraints , but we can say that we are focused on a strong Canadian solution , ” said Fairfax spokesman Paul Rivett .
The pension funds , with assets around the world , traditionally take a long-term view in their investment decisions . Officials at the biggest funds either did not reply to requests for comment , said they had no information or declined to comment .
“ We never discuss whether or not we plan to enter into any investment , ” said Deborah Allan , spokeswoman for Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan .
CANADIAN BUFFETT
Watsa stepped down from the BlackBerry board of directors in August , citing a potential conflict of interest , as the company said it was exploring a sale .
Canada 's Globe and Mail newspaper quoted Watsa as saying that a significant amount of the equity in the deal will come from within the country . The consortium included neither strategic players , nor other technology firms , he said .
BlackBerry 's recent challenging years have been in stark contrast to the rapid growth it previously enjoyed .
The Z10 touchscreen device that the company hoped would claw back market share from the iPhone thudded badly at launch in January , and it has lost ground even in emerging markets where it had carved out an important role .
A spokeswoman for phone company MTN Nigeria , for example , said that while BlackBerrys are still very relevant in Nigeria , “ the adoption rate has declined significantly from a year ago due to lack of newer low to mid-end smart phone models. ” In Brazil , locally made iPhones are the first choice for government workers . “ I have never seen a Brazilian government employee using a BlackBerry , ” said one government source .
And while some U.S. government agencies still use only the BlackBerry , others allow devices like iPhones as well .
The American Lawyer surveyed 83 of the top 200 U.S. law firms in November 2012 and found that 90 percent of them expected to see a drop-off in the number of Blackberry devices .
John Sroko , chief information officer at Duane Morris , said that three years ago the firm only offered BlackBerry devices because they were deemed most secure . But in recent years , the firm has allowed their lawyers to use other devices too .
“ People like Blackberry for the keyboard and email , ” he said . “ The switch was caused by a better browsing experience and the apps . ”
A man walks by a Blackberry sign at the Blackberry campus in Waterloo , September 23 , 2013 . REUTERS/Mark Blinch
NOBODY ELSE
Donald Yacktman , president and founder of Yacktman Asset Management which holds something under 1 percent of BlackBerry according to Thomson Reuters data , said he does not expect a counteroffer to emerge .
“ This is pretty much Plan B . They 've clearly not hit the targets , ” he said .
Jack Gold , principal analyst and founder of J . Gold Associates , said “ this is probably the best possible outcome of several unattractive options for BlackBerry . ”
“ Going private and potentially bringing back the founder of the company , Mike Lazaridis ( as has been rumored ) could buy them some time to put the house in order , ” he noted .
Lazaridis , BlackBerry 's co-CEO until early 2012 and a board member until March , did not respond to requests for comment .
On Friday , BlackBerry said it would step back from the hypercompetitive consumer market and focus on what it calls enterprise customers - businesses , governments , legal firms and security forces .
The company warned it would report revenue on the sale of just 3.7 million of its phones for the entire second quarter , and write down almost $ 1 billion .
By contrast , Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c models in three days after their Friday launch .
A Defense Department official said the Pentagon had more than 600,000 mobile devices in use in spring , including 470,000 BlackBerrys , 41,000 devices with Apple operating systems and 8,700 smart phones with Android systems .
“ We are moving towards a secure mobile communications infrastructure that supports a variety of devices , ” the official said .
Blackberry has rarely traded below $ 9 a share even in recent years when it issued profit warnings , slashed jobs and launched devices that arrived late to disinterested audiences .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
In the past 12 months the stock has risen as high as $ 18.32 and fallen as low as $ 6.22 on the Nasdaq .
BDT & Company , LLC , BofA Merrill Lynch and BMO Capital Markets are acting as financial advisors , and Shearman & Sterling LLP and McCarthy Tétrault LLP are acting as legal advisors to Fairfax in connection with the transaction .
The Tory government 's Investigatory Powers Bill is closer to becoming law , yet a survey carried out by Broadband Genie has found that many people are either unaware or uninterested in this far-reaching proposal .
The IP Bill , which has been dubbed a “ snooper 's charter ” , is set to give law enforcement unprecedented access to our online lives .
ISPs will be forced to store “ internet connection records ” ( a vague term that has not been properly defined ) and make this information available on request without judicial oversight . Intelligence agencies will also be permitted to hack the devices and networks of private citizens .
The government says this is needed in order to combat terrorism or crime but it raises many questions and satisfactory answers are not forthcoming . The enormous implications of allowing unfettered access to detail and very private communications is something that should worry everyone , especially as it 's not clear how these powers will even help .
Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , said `` we are still waiting for evidence that programmes that put us all under surveillance are the most effective way to combat terrorism . Previous terrorists incidents , such as the attacks in Paris and Belgium and the murder of Lee Rigby , were committed by people already known to the intelligence agencies . There have been repeated calls for operational cases about the effectiveness of surveillance to be made ; the Home Office has provided some anecdotal evidence but not a full cost benefit analysis . ''
It 's also not yet clear who will shoulder the expense of implementing and maintaining the necessary infrastructure , which has been estimated to be anything from several hundred million to billions of pounds . Whether it 's the government , law enforcement or ISPs it 's likely to end up costing UK citizens in the end . We 're also going to be expected to trust that this incredibly valuable data is going to be kept safe from hackers .
Of the 1,600 respondents to our poll , 75 % said they were previously unaware of the law . When asked if they supported the plans , 33 % said they did n't care , yet nearly half of those people also do n't think law enforcement should have access to encrypted communications and devices .
`` We will be the only European country that forces Internet Service Providers to record the Internet browsing history of its citizens '' said Mr Killock . `` Even if individuals are unperturbed by this breach of their privacy , they should be made aware of the impact the Bill will have on business , journalists , lawyers and activists . ''
Read on for the full breakdown of our survey , and let us know in the comments below how you feel about the proposals .
When the darkness threatened to envelop Clara Hughes , the six-time Olympian sought solace on her bike .
Hughes climbed on her bike again Friday for what she called the most important ride of her life . The retired athlete , who is known almost as much as a tireless advocate for mental health awareness as she is an Olympic champion , set off on Clara 's Big Ride — a 110-day journey around Canada to promote conversation about mental health .
“ This is bigger than anything I 've ever done or ever will do , ” Hughes said . “ And the best part about it is it 's not about me . I 'm using the bike as a vehicle to bring the mental health conversation and then using every community event that we visit , every school , to really elevate the people in the community , the students to give them a voice , give them the platform .
“ It 's so different from sport because this is not about me . It is actually what motivates me to do this . ”
The 41-year-old Hughes , who has been vocal about her battle with depression , won Olympic medals in both cycling and long-track speedskating , and when she retired from competitive sports after the 2012 London Olympics and suddenly found herself with more time on her hands , a cross-country bike ride seemed the perfect vehicle for her cause .
“ Over the years , I 've done a lot of bike touring as well as my racing , and there 's a curiosity when you roll into town and roll out of town . Where have you come from ? Where are you going ? ” Hughes said . “ And I wanted it to be epic . I felt like we need something epic for people to really connect to , and riding across and around Canada is epic .
“ This is a massive country and I just feel like maybe we can show also the importance of movement , of being active , whatever it is . Going for a walk , riding your bike . That 's a big part of my mental health practice , so I also wanted to show that . ”
The Winnipeg native , accompanied by her husband Peter Guzman , will cover 12,000 kilometres and visit 95 communities , eventually reaching Ottawa on July 1 , Canada Day .
Hughes , the spokesperson for Bell Let 's Talk , set off from a lunchtime ceremony at Maple Leaf Square , wearing blue cycling suit , black tuque , and her trademark megawatt smile .
“ Today , I woke up and thought ‘ It 's game time . Let 's go . ' And I 'm ready . And this is the best day of my life , that I get to start this journey . I ca n't wait for this to unfold , ” Hughes said .
Hughes slipped into severe depression after winning two bronze cycling medals at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics , and for nearly a year she hid her sombre secret behind her wide smile . She initially thought it was simply post-Olympic letdown , and believed she 'd get over it . But she found herself sleeping away the days , and crying uncontrollably when she was awake . She gained between 15 and 20 pounds .
More than a decade later , Hughes has become one of the most vocal advocates for erasing the stigma around mental illness as the spokesperson for Bell Let 's Talk Day .
“ I do feel there 's a shift ( in the discussion around mental illness ) , ” she said . “ Has it changed ? No . The shift has started to happen in the last number of years and I think the ( Let 's Talk ) campaign is a big part of it . And that 's why I had the idea of when I finally did quit , I had all this time on my hands . . . what more can I do ? And that 's where this ride kind of stemmed from . ”
Hughes and her husband plan to cover about 150 kilometres a day . They 'll be accompanied by a Greyhound bus carrying support staff and supplies . A rotating group of cyclists will ride with them . There were about 100 that set off from Toronto to Hamilton for Day 1 on Friday .
“ I think it 's going to be really different , ” Hughes said , comparing her Big Ride to her days of competing . “ It 's funny , the other day I woke up and had a big cinnamon roll and coffee for breakfast , and I was just like : I would never do this if I was getting ready for a race .
“ Get to relax a little more . And there 's no finish line , I 'm not sprinting , there 's no race . The race is just getting the message to as many people , connecting to as many people , and I really like that . Because I do n't have to go hard either . So it 's different in terms of intensity as well , obviously .
“ And I 'm loving life after sport . I 'm a proud recreational athlete , and this is part of my recreation is riding my bike . ”
Asked about her own health , Hughes said she 's “ doing very well ” but admitted it was a big transition into life after sport .
“ One of the things even doing this ride whenever I have something big in my life , I worry about after , because that 's when things start getting dark and difficult , ” she said .
Hughes speaks regularly with a psychologist she 's worked with since her last year training in Calgary , and will have that outlet during the ride if she needs it .
She 's although thankful for the support of her husband .
“ He 's trained for many Olympics kind of in the shadows but with me , he 's been a force behind me , ” she said . “ But this is the first time we 've done everything together and spent so much time together , and it 's going really well . He 's so excited . He 's the kind of person who never ever quits what he starts . So even if disaster strikes and whatever , and this ride does n't finish , Peter will be out there on his own , finishing in Ottawa on Canada Day , so I 've got great partners . ”
Mental health issues in sport made headlines again this week when Terry Trafford , a 20-year-old from Toronto and a forward for the Ontario Hockey League 's Saginaw Spirit , committed suicide .
Hughes spoke about meeting Olympic speedskating champion Stefan Groothuis last month at the Sochi Olympics . The Dutch gold medallist was on the brink of suicide a year ago .
“ He 's been talking about what that was like to go through that dark period and depression and to come back , and to say ‘ This gold medal represents that there is light to go to . Do n't give up . '
“ So there are so many athletes that are starting to come out and talk about their experience with mental illness , and the stress , anxiety . . .Athletes are not immune to it , but also athletes are not superhuman and need support . I always tell that to athletes , make sure you 're getting the help you need . ”
Along with her two Olympic bronze medals in cycling , Hughes won four winter Olympic medals in speedskating — one gold , one silver , and two bronze . Her six medals ties her with speedskater Cindy Klassen as the most decorated Canadian Olympians .
( Washington , DC ) – Judicial Watch announced today that it has filed Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Justice for emails of former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates from her government account . The lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ( Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice ( No . 1:17-cv-00832 ) ) .
The suit was filed after the Justice Department failed to respond to a February 1 , 2017 , FOIA request seeking access to her emails between January 21 , 2017 , and January 31 , 2017 .
Yates was appointed by President Obama as U.S. Attorney in northern Georgia and was later confirmed as Deputy Attorney General . In January 2017 she became acting Attorney General for President Trump .
Yates was involved in the controversy concerning Gen. Michael Flynn , allegedly warning the Trump White House in early January about General Flynn 's contacts with the Russian ambassador , Sergei Kislyak . ( Judicial Watch is separately suing for records concerning the surveillance and subsequent leaks regarding General Flynn . )
On January 30 , Yates ordered the Justice Department not to defend President Trump 's January 27 executive order seeking a travel ban from seven Middle Eastern countries . That same day , President Trump fired her for refusing to defend the action .
“ Between her involvement in the Russian surveillance scandal and her lawless effort to thwart President Trump 's immigration executive order , Sally Yates ' short tenure as the acting Attorney General was remarkably troubling , ” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton . “ Her email traffic might provide a window into how the anti-Trump ‘ deep state ' abused the Justice Department . ”
# # #
The definition of a `` campaign issue '' is elusive . Generally , it has to do with the self-interest of politicians and the reporters who cover them .
If the former think advancing a subject might mean more votes , they declare that `` the people of Canada are concerned . '' Journalists then decide whether it 'll sell papers , to use an old term . If the subject clears both bars , it 's a campaign issue .
That entire process took place with remarkable speed last week . The subject of Canadian arms sales to Saudi Arabia was raised , became an issue and died , all within about 24 hours .
The revenant Bloc Quebecois leader , Gilles Duceppe , who has suddenly taken a great interest in anything pertaining to radical Islam , kicked things off during the French-language leaders ' debate last Thursday .
`` As we combat ISIS , '' he asked Stephen Harper , `` We must realize that its ideology was financed and promoted by Saudi Arabia , and we are sending billions worth of arms to Saudi Arabia .
`` Would it not be sensible to say that 's enough , we 're stopping arms sales to Saudi Arabia ? Would n't that be logical , given our fight with ISIS ? ''
Harper , a man who has portrayed his government 's foreign policy as more principled and less susceptible to the power of the almighty dollar than other governments , basically replied that there 's a lot of money at stake and thousands of jobs in London , Ont .
The contract to export $ 15 billion worth of armoured vehicles to the Saudis , he noted , is the largest in Canadian history .
Cancelling it would only punish Canadian workers , he said , and besides , the contract is `` support for an ally . ''
`` Yes , Saudi Arabia is a great ally , '' snorted Duceppe . `` Wonderful . I 've taken note . ''
Allied with whom
By the next day , the subject was a hot candidate for campaign issue-hood . Journalists were pursuing it with Harper .
For a brief , fascinating moment , it looked like we might actually be having a real national discussion about Canada 's embrace of a bellicose , misogynistic , medieval theocracy that has a nasty habit of shoving cash into the pockets of those Stephen Harper would call `` jihadi terrorists . ''
Conservative leader Stephen Harper responds to questions about Saudi Arabia 's human rights record and Canada 's $ 15-billion deal to sell military vehicles to the country . 1:17
Here are a few things we could have explored :
To start with , the Canadian government must , by law , seek assurances from any country with a record of human rights abuse that it will not use arms exported from Canada against civilians .
But , as University of Ottawa professor Roland Paris notes , `` We do n't know whether assurances were obtained from the Saudis . We 've allowed an arms sale to trump human rights . ''
The reason for the lack of disclosure would appear to be pretty simple : the Saudis have demanded secrecy , and Conservative ministers were instructed accordingly .
Something else : As Duceppe correctly pointed out , the objective difference between our allies , the Saudis , and ISIS is blurred .
Despite now being part of the anti-ISIS coalition , the Saudis have provided extensive support to the group in the past , and have funded extremist madrassas ( schools ) and mosques worldwide over the years .
In fact , 28 pages of the U.S. Congress 's report on 9/11 , which remain officially suppressed , are widely believed to accuse high-ranking Saudi officials of providing consular and financial support to the hijackers , the vast majority of whom were Saudis .
Beheadings
But the Saudis have oil , and they sell it cheaply , so the White House , like Stephen Harper , tends to take a pragmatically sympathetic view .
Here 's another thing we could discuss : Like ISIS , the Saudis are champion torturers and beheaders .
By some estimates , the Saudis actually outdo ISIS . They behead for imagined apostasy and for general criticism , but also for sorcery and a list of other offences . And after beheading , the Saudis sometimes crucify the body .
They 're scheduled to do just that in the days to come with Mohammed al Nimr , 21 , who was arrested four years ago for advocating on behalf of Shia rights .
The ruling Sunni family despises Shia Muslims , and mercilessly oppresses them .
If you can stomach it , go watch the video secretly recorded and uploaded of Saudi officials hacking the head off a Burmese woman accused of raping her husband 's daughter with a broom handle .
Extremely uncommon , a woman raping a child with a broom handle , but someone had to be punished , and Laila Bint Abdul Muttalib Basim died shrieking her innocence .
Ensaf Haidar , wife of blogger Raif Badawi , takes part in a rally for his freedom in Montreal in January . He has been sentenced to a brutal flogging in Saudi Arabia for writing about Shia rights . ( Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press )
Despite all this , the Saudis are often portrayed by Western allies , like Canada , of being a force for stability in the region .
In pursuit of that stability , though , they 've armed and financed al-Qaeda affiliates not just in Syria but in bordering Yemen , specifically tribes sympathetic to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
Saudi bombing missions in Yemen , ostensibly to restore the government and keep Iranian-backed Houthi rebels from advancing , have killed thousands of civilians .
And in Bahrain , where Saudi troops arrived during the so-called Arab Spring in armoured vehicles like the ones they 're buying from Canada , they helped violently crush Shia Muslims demanding more rights .
Dancing in the desert
So . Why did Canada 's arms sales die so quickly as a campaign issue ? It was n't even raised in the foreign policy debate a week later .
Well , our main party leaders really do n't want to talk about it . Justin Trudeau simply evaded the question during the French debate .
Tom Mulcair went a bit further , saying Canada should study a country 's human rights record before approving arms sales , and was promptly asked by a large industrial union involved in the contract , Unifor , to please shut up .
( `` We asked the NDP to not make this an issue , that it be kept under wraps , '' said Fergo Berto , Unifor area director for London . )
Former prime minister Pierre Trudeau holds his then six-year-old son Alexandre ( Sacha ) Trudeau in his arms while on a tour of Saudi Arabia in November 1980 . ( Andy Clark/Canadian Press )
But what really killed the issue was the apparently widespread belief among Canadians that the Saudis are somehow moderate .
After all , former U.S. president George W. Bush was photographed holding hands in public with the late Saudi king Abdullah in 2005 , and Barack Obama appeared to bow before him four years later .
Justin Trudeau 's father danced in the desert with Sheik Yamani , the Saudi oil minister , in 1980 .
The Saudis were even just awarded a prominent position on the UN Human Rights Council .
Human rights advocate thundered outrage . But Canada , in the past a pitiless critic of the council , maintained a respectful silence . After all , the Saudis are allies .
WASHINGTON — President Obama just finished two leisurely weeks on Martha 's Vineyard during his annual getaway . Bill and Hillary Clinton , too , used to summer on the Vineyard during their White House years , until decamping in more recent years for the Hamptons .
George H.W . Bush retreated to his family compound in Kennebunkport , Maine , while his son George W. Bush preferred to clear his head by fishing and clearing cedar on his ranch in Crawford , Texas .
But as recent presidential aspirants go , Donald Trump appears to be the guy least interested in taking time off , even among this workaholic set . Outside of promoting himself and his golf courses , the New York real estate mogul turned Republican presidential nominee sees little benefit to vacations .
Advertisement
“ It would bore and perhaps scare him . He needs constant activity and gratification , ” said Abe Wallach , the Trump Organization 's former executive vice president of acquisitions and finance for nearly a dozen years , who has known Trump since 1990 .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Asked when was the last time Trump took a vacation , his campaign spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , responded with a terse e-mail : “ Mr . Trump prefers to work . ”
Indeed . In previous media interviews and writings , Trump professes to shunning vacation .
“ Do n't take vacations . What 's the point ? ” he tweeted in 2012 , quoting his own book “ Think Like a Billionaire. ” “ If you 're not enjoying your work , you 're in the wrong job . ”
Or , as he once put it in another post , “ If you want to succeed , you can not relax . ”
Advertisement
And Trump had no qualms about interrupting his employees ' vacations .
“ I would speak to him daily , sometimes twice a day or more , on my vacations , ” Wallach said .
Barbara Res , the project manager for the construction of Trump Tower in the early 1980s , said she took only two vacations during the first four years she worked for Trump , the longest of which was a 10-day solo trip to the Canyon Ranch spa in Tucson in 1983 .
“ I remember him calling me when I was in Arizona . He had a problem with a union thing , and I said , ‘ What the hell can I do from here ? ' ” Res recalled in an interview . “ He said , ‘ How long are you going to be there ? When are you coming back ? ' ”
Carlo Allegri/Reuters “ I only like to go to places that I own , because . . . I do n't have enough time . What do I want to sit in somebody else 's resort for ? ” Trump once said .
Res got the point . When she eventually left the job , she ended up with seven weeks of back pay for unused vacation time . ( Neither Wallach nor Res is supporting Trump 's candidacy . )
Advertisement
Trump has long criticized President Obama for his yearly summer and winter breaks .
“ He takes more vacations than any human being I 've ever seen , ” Trump told Fox News host Greta Van Susteren in 2011 . “ It sends a bad message . Here we have a country that really is going to hell in a handbasket . . . . And we have a president that 's constantly , whether it 's Martha 's Vineyard or someplace else , constantly on vacation . ”
Trump slammed Obama again Friday for remaining on the Vineyard as Trump and his running mate , Governor Mike Pence of Indiana , visited Louisiana in the wake of devastating floods . The state 's largest daily newspaper also called upon Obama to cut short his vacation and pay a personal visit . ( The White House announced shortly afterward that Obama plans to visit the flood zone on Tuesday . )
Trump may have inherited his disdain for idleness from his father , Fred , who would spend Saturdays driving his children around as he checked in on his various buildings and construction sites . Trump 's own children , though , do not seem to have the same attitude about taking time off .
His daughter Ivanka made headlines last week for vacationing in Croatia with Russian President Vladimir Putin 's rumored girlfriend and was photographed with her husband aboard Clinton donor David Geffen 's $ 200 million yacht . Trump 's sons have drawn criticism for their big game hunting excursions in Africa .
But the closest Trump comes to taking a vacation is playing golf . He owns myriad golf courses and resorts around the world , from Miami , Philadelphia , and Los Angeles to Scotland , Ireland , and Dubai . Visiting them , he says , is his way of recharging . “ I 'm always finding ways to improve them , ” Trump told Forbes in 2009 .
“ Even when I 'm playing golf , I 'm doing business , ” Trump wrote in his 2005 book . “ I never stop , and I 'm usually having fun . Now that my kids are joining the family business , I 'm closer to them than I 've ever been , and I 'm finding out that I love relating to them just the way my father related to me — through a passion for work well done . ”
Trump turns up his nose at the notion of visiting other world-class golf resorts .
“ I only like to go to places that I own , because , you know , I do n't have enough time . What do I want to sit in somebody else 's resort for ? ” Trump said in a 2015 interview with The Daily Caller , a Washington-based conservative news site .
MOLLY RILEY/AFP/Getty Images Supporters tried to get a glimpse of Trump as he left Sunday 's rally in Virginia .
He was not always vacation averse . Many , many years ago , Trump did take regular non-golf-related holidays , his associates said . Each Christmas , he would go skiing in Aspen with his then-wife , Ivana , and their children .
“ He only went for that one week . It was always a slow week , ” Res recalled . “ He was always miserable around Christmas time . We could never figure it out . Maybe because he had to go away . ”
It was in Aspen in December 1989 when Trump 's mistress Marla Maples famously confronted Ivana Trump and their affair became public .
“ I think that was the last year he went on vacation , ” Res said .
But come November , Trump says , he 's prepared to take a “ very , very nice , long vacation ” if he loses the White House .
Res immediately dismissed his newly expressed desire as a “ silly ” idea .
“ He would never take a nice , long vacation . He 's not that type , ” she said . “ He needs to be around people feeding his ego . ”
Wallach , too , scoffed at the thought . Trump , he is certain , would instead occupy his postcampaign time with other business .
“ He could be very busy suing people and various organizations as a result of his loss , ” he said . “ He has to be in the press every minute every single day . You ca n't do that if you 're on vacation . ”
Tracy Jan can be reached at tracy.jan @ globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @ TracyJan
By Jolyon Maugham
Last week the Good Law Project , which I founded , published a letter to David Davis ' department . That letter made the legal case for the government to publish a series of Brexit studies it commissioned into the effects of Brexit on over 50 sectors of the economy . And we promised to take the government to court if it refused .
Before he became secretary of state for Exiting the European Union , David Davis was a great advocate for publication . Government , he said , `` should not be allowed to take away one of the few defences the public has for discovering and preventing incompetence , corruption and misconduct amongst the most powerful people in the land '' .
But since then ? Not so much . A number of people have made Freedom of Information Act requests of his Department for those secret Brexit studies . All have failed . A typical response is published here .
The failure to publish this material is a threat to the proper functioning of government .
As Lord Mance said in the Supreme Court :
`` Information is the key to sound decision-making , to accountability and development ; it underpins democracy and assists in combatting poverty , oppression , corruption , prejudice and inefficiency . Administrators , judges , arbitrators , and persons conducting inquiries and investigations depend upon it ; likewise the press , NGOs and individuals concerned to report on issues of public interest . Unwillingness to disclose information may arise through habits of secrecy or reasons of self-protection . ''
( You can read his words in a Supreme Court decision , in a case called Kennedy , published here . He went on to recognise that some information can be genuinely sensitive . )
There is no better proof of that first phrase – `` information is the key to sound decision-making '' – than last year 's referendum campaign . Vote Leave , quite deliberately , chose to publish nothing about what Brexit would look like . And there was good reason for this : as Dominic Cummings put it :
`` Creating an exit plan that makes sense and which all reasonable people could unite around seems an almost insuperable task . Eurosceptic groups have been divided for years about many of the basic policy and political questions . ''
Think about that .
There was no plan around which a coalition might unite . Putting one together would fragment the vote . So Vote Leave deliberately chose to let people believe different things . Instead of publishing , it deliberately chose opacity .
And so we find ourselves , some sixteen months on , still not knowing what Brexit means . This , in good part , is why we 're unable to move beyond meaningless slogans like 'Brexit means Brexit , 'no deal is better than a bad deal ' and ' a deep and special partnership ' . We still do not know what we voted for . And we still do not know what we are going to get .
This is n't happening by chance . It 's happening because it is in the interests of those pursuing a political project . Ideologues on the hard left and hard right are playing a hideous game of bait-and-switch with working people . They are playing with the sentiments of those who have been screwed over countless times by various governments – governments of both left and right , governments which were sometimes malign and sometimes merely indifferent .
Instead of facing up to the complexities of a globalised world , instead of tackling the consequences of the financial crisis , these ideologues have taken the easy option and blamed a complacent EU .
They 've taken the understandable anger of people who were ignored for too long and weaponised it . They have done this in the service of a project that every independent international forecaster without exception thinks will hurt the people they claim to represent . And we now risk enormous damage to the lives of millions to serve the convenience of ideologues .
Imagine the damage which will be done to our democracy when the 89 % of Leave voters who did not think that Brexit would make them worse off discover the bitter truth .
In the face of this horror show , there 's only one thing which will heal our democracy : an end to the dishonesty , embedded in the policy positions of both Labour and the Conservatives , about what Brexit will mean . And there 's only one way that that can happen : publication of the evidence .
We must not repeat the mistakes of the referendum campaign , when absence of information was exploited by both sides to pursue ideological ends . For our democracy to begin to function again , we must know what Brexit entails . The people must know , businesses must know , trade unions must know and our sovereign parliament must know .
Information is the lifeblood of our democracy . The government must publish . Or we will be damned .
Jo Maugham QC is the director and founder of the Good Law Project . He is a former adviser to the Labour party on tax and a leading member of the Bar of England and Wales .
The opinions in politics.co.uk 's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners
There 's no shortage of chutzpah in the Palmetto State . Photo by Jiri Flogel/Shutterstock.com
One key problem with originalism—the theory that the Constitution should be interpreted as its drafters understood it—is that the men who wrote our constitution had some pretty barbaric views about humanity . The author of the Bill of Rights , James Madison , owned hundreds of slaves . The same Congress that passed the 14th Amendment segregated schools and opposed women 's suffrage . Under originalist theory , almost every landmark equality case , including Brown v. Board of Education , is almost certainly wrong . Few originalists , however , have the courage to admit that their theory would lead to an appallingly unequal and unjust America .
South Carolina , it turns out , is the glittering exception to this cowardice . In a jaw-dropping amicus brief recently filed with the Supreme Court , the state 's attorney general argues for a truly originalist understanding of the 14th Amendment , insisting that the Constitution permits discrimination not just against gays , but also against women . This argument is as morally abhorrent as it is historically accurate . And South Carolina deserves some credit for having the chutzpah to raise it .
Here 's the gist of South Carolina 's fascinatingly sexist argument . The state wants to prove that the 14th Amendment—which guarantees “ equal protection of the laws ” to every “ person ” —was not intended to displace state marriage laws . And what did those laws look like at the time ? One major feature : In many states , married women were not permitted to own property or enter into contracts and had no legal existence apart from their husbands . According to South Carolina , the framers of the 14th Amendment explicitly preserved the rights of states to deprive married women of the ability to function independently from her husband . This right to deprive married women of basic liberties , South Carolina argues , is enshrined in the 10th Amendment and is not at all undercut by the 14th Amendment 's guarantee of equality .
The crux of South Carolina 's brief , then , is this : If the 14th Amendment permits discrimination against married women , it surely also allows discrimination against gay people who wish to wed . In fact , according to South Carolina , the 14th Amendment forbids only racial discrimination , leaving states free to disadvantage women and gays in any way they wish .
The state may well have its history right here . Congressional records show that the men who drafted the 14th Amendment were pretty adamant that their measure would n't force states to recognize married women as independent humans with rights of their own . John Bingham , the chief framer of the amendment , assured one sexist congressman that he “ need not be alarmed ” that the measure would alter “ the condition of married women , ” since it would leave intact state property laws . Another framer , Samuel Shellabarger , explained that under the equal protection clause , states could still “ deprive women of the right to sue or contract or testify . ”
Of course , the Supreme Court has repeatedly held that laws disadvantaging women receive heightened scrutiny under the equal protection clause—and even the current court 's most conservative justices would likely strike down laws that deprived married women of property rights . As South Carolina 's brief demonstrates , the question in the gay marriage cases is not whether the court wants to adopt an originalist understanding of the 14th Amendment , but how honest it wants to be about rejecting one . The justices could restore the provision 's original meaning and usher in a new era of state-sponsored sexism . They could continue to be selectively faithful to the bigoted views of dead white men and laugh off gay rights . Or they could choose to honor the broader constitutional principle embedded in the 14th Amendment : the radical , sweeping , revolutionary idea that all Americans are born equal .
Update , April 9 , 2015 : The South Carolina solicitor general , as well as a representative from the office of the attorney general , have asked us to note that their state does not wish to implement the sexist laws outlined in its brief—though it could if it wanted to .
There are thousands of e-books on the Amazon Kindle Store that have content errors . This can be as simple as a series of spelling mistakes or the book might have formatting issues . Starting February 3 , 2016 Amazon will begin showing customers a warning message on the Kindle store detail pages of books that contain several validated quality issues . The warning message will be removed as soon as Amazon received an updated file from self-published authors or publishing companies .
Amazon has two stages of the warning system that will go live within a few short weeks . If an e-book only contains a few spelling mistakes , but is still readable , a simple warning message will appear on the details page of that specific title . It will make the average book buyer aware that there are some issues . If the book has bad formatting issues , and basically renders it unreadable Amazon will suppress it and the book listing will be removed .
Amazon is currently in the process of emailing anyone who has submitted e-books to the Kindle Store whose e-books contain multiple errors . The errors are reported by people who have either downloaded the title for free or paid for it . Currently , the only way users can report content issues is if you have an e-ink based reader , such as the Kindle Paperwhite or the Voyage . There are no reporting options for content errors on the Amazon Fire tablets or the Kindle e-reading apps for Android and iOS .
The timing of Amazon rolling on this new warning message on e-books that have multiple content errors is very interesting . A few days ago I broke the story about how e-reader companies should be doing more to inform users if e-books have content errors and within a few days of publication , Amazon announces a new system .
Hopefully Apple , Barnes and Noble , Google and Kobo also take steps to address e-books that have content issues . Currently none of these companies have any type of reporting system , nor do they email publishers if an e-book contains formatting errors .
Who are you and what do you do ?
What 's the story behind the brewery name and logo ?
Looking ahead , what new things can we expect from Coniston over the coming months ?
Originally Posted on Sep 14 , 2016Are you curious to know about the people behind the beers you buy ? Or perhaps you want to know what inspires brewers to brew and beer bloggers to blog ? Our “ Q & A ” posts are a light hearted way of getting to know people working in , and connected to , the beer and alcohol industry.Today 's post features Coniston Brewery . Hidden behind the Black Bull in Coniston , their roots are in the hotel and licensed trade meaning they know a thing or too about quality and service . Their beers are brewed with the pure waters of the Coniston hills with the finest hops and malts.I 'm Ian Bradley , MD of Coniston Brewery.In 1993 with a Sunderland University Brewlab start up brewing course . My parents owned a pub and my father had the idea for an onsite microbrewery . City and Guilds Motor Vehicle Engineering are my only qualificationsIt was my father 's idea , after tasting beer at the Gribble Inn Chichester from their own microbrewery . Dad had always loved beer and was tired of drinking ordinary tasting ales.Coniston brewery OBVS . Mountain and lake logo OBVS.Hopefully the brewery will be just as it is now in 5 years time , running at near capacity , with happy customers and a happy Brewhouse.We are producing three canned beers as we speak , apart from that nothing too groundbreaking.Sam Smith 's has always been one of my favourite breweries . Some of our beers are quite similar , this maybe due to the fact that David Smith , Coniston Brewery 's consultant , was head brewer there 30 years ago.The brewing process has all been very straight forward , our yeast behaves itself and I have a good team under me . Maybe the hardest thing is spending most of my time in the office now rather than the hands on brewing.The best ingredients , a dedicated workforce with a passion for what they do and consistency all goes to make a great beer.Tetley Bitter at the Albion pub Chorley . I was six years old and this was my parent 's first pub.Martini is not good for me anymore , but I can live with that.An English hopped standard bitter is what I always come back to , but I love the new American hopped IPAs and Belgium has so many amazing beers . All beer is good it 's just that some are better than others . It all depends on the occasion , mood and what 's on offer . Oh , we do a single hop English bitter quite well I think.I ca n't remember 😉The best and most satisfying part of our job is when a customer comes to the brewery out of the blue and is genuinely excited and amazed about the beer they have just drunk.5,000 screw top bottles of beer , a large net and a paddle . Drink the beer over a period of time then fill the large net with empty bottles sit on the large bottle net raft you have made and paddle home.Thanks to Ian and Coniston Brewery for chatting to us.You can view and buy beers from Coniston Brewery here .
Final resolution of the Democratic Syria Congress seeking a resolution to the crisis in Syria has been released .
The Congress on 8-9 December was held in Rojava 's Derîk city under the slogan “ Towards building of a free and democratic Syria ” , and participated by 103 delegates representing Syrian political , military and societal opposition organisations .
Following the decision to establish Democratic Syrian Assembly to serve as the political representative in Syria of Syrian Democratic Forces ( QSD ) , participants have determined that the Assembly will be comprised of 42 people to operate in the coming period .
The final resolution of the Democratic Syria Congress was made public at a press conference after the congress , read by Wheat Wave Movement ( Teyar Al-Qemih ) member Salih Al-Labwani .
The final resolution said that ; `` Democratic Syria Congress was organised and successfully finalized with the participation of Syrian opposition groups and representatives of all social circles under extraordinary conditions as Syria has been turned into a bath of blood and violence , and become the main scene of the dominance competition of international and regional forces , in the face of which terrorist forces have engaged in various bargains over this tragedy .
The political and societal circles participating in the congress have achieved a consensus on forming a political power by the name of Democratic Syria Assembly ( MSD ) with an aim to fulfill their duties and responsibilities in the current historic period , lead the Syrian revolutionary democratic movement to a right course , and end the present fragmentation , bloodshed and the darkness the country is being dragged into .
All the forces that have merged under the roof of the Congress have united their will in order for the forming of a democratic constitution to enable a production of solutions to the Syrian crisis through democratic peaceful discussion , dialogue and talk ; to fight terror ; to hold free and democratic elections required by the current process in Syria ; to secure the faith , culture and identities of all Syrian peoples ; and to achieve social consensus on the basis of their democratic will .
Participants declare through the political consensus approved by the Congress that the present despotic mindset has first degree responsibility for the current situation in the country ; that this mindset goes against the multicultural , multi-faith , multi-ethnic and pluralist reality of the Syrian society ; and that this despotic mindset will be hindered through the development of a pluralist society based on a common land and free life recognising all peoples and their cultures .
The Congress participants have announced that they will undertake the representation in political arena of the Syrian Democratic Forces ( QSD ) that is comprised of youths from all Syrian peoples , has defeated terrorist forces and cleared a large part of Syrian lands of gang groups owing to their resistance at the cost of martyrs .
The Congress also called attention to the issue of migration and decided to find a way out against migration and ensure the return of immigrants . With its fertile geography and rich economy , our country Syria has the infrastructure to attain a dignified life for all the components in Syria . Determination has been manifested to develop this structure on the basis of an equal and fair sharing .
As Democratic Syria Assembly , our working principle has a moral character which is not grounded on the reflexes and methods of any political party in Syria .
Democratic Syria Assembly will treat the relations between Syria and neighboring countries on the basis of respect , work for peace , calm and common life , and continue its struggle in accordance with international conventions .
Democratic Syria Assembly announces that its establishment is a moral responsibility and is no counter reflex against any political circle or method in Syria .
Democratic Syria Assembly will give its struggle in line with international laws .
MSD is a political , national and democratic project produced for all social and political structures that fight for the recovery of the country from the current situation and give an effort to build an alternative democratic system aiming a change .
Democratic Syria Assembly will therefore wage a political struggle to recover the country from the spiral of violence by means of its civilian and political power and with the participation of national individuals .
Within the scope of international conventions , the Assembly will be in dialogue with international institutions and methods to enable the transformation of Syria and development of a pluralist and centralist system . ”
It would appear that a Florida bank has been the victim of a $ 13 million ATM heist , but just how did the cyber-robbers pull it off ?
Although the security breach which led to the ATM fraud itself seems to have taken place in March , and was disclosed in the first quarter earnings statement for Fidelity National Information Services Inc ( FIS ) back in May , details of exactly what happened are only just starting to leak from the FBI probe that followed .
FIS , based in Jacksonville , is one of the world 's biggest processors of prepaid debit cards with more than 775 million transactions every year . These cards , preloaded with a cash value , can be used at ATMs to withdraw that cash until the preloaded balance is exhausted . You might have thought that a company at the very top of the prepaid debit card business would also be at the very top of the security business as it applies to those cards , but as information leaks from the investigation it would appear that was n't necessarily the case .
If it was , then how could a total of just 22 of these prepaid debit cards , issued by Efunds Sunrise in Florida , be used to perpetrate a staggeringly simple yet ingenious $ 13 million robbery ? FIS , as is common practise in the financial sector , has issued a statement assuring customers that it has `` taken steps to further enhance security and continues to work with Federal law enforcement officials on this matter '' but that 's pretty much as far as the official word goes .
So what actually happened ?
According to former Washington Post staffer Brian Krebs who now runs the KrebsOnSecurity site sources `` close to the investigation '' are saying that the robbers hacked into the FIS network and managed to compromise the open-loop prepaid debit cards on the Sunrise platform . Which is where things get interesting . The cash balances of the cards in question are not actually stored physically on the cards , but instead are stored within a central database in records that are associated with the prepaid card account number . Unlike many such cards which automatically expire and turn into handy windscreen ice scrapers after the balance has been exhausted , these particular cards can be topped-up by the account holder by a simple transfer of funds .
Krebs reports that `` the crooks were able to drastically increase or eliminate the withdrawal limits for 22 prepaid cards that they had obtained '' and then cloned these cards which were distributed `` to co-conspirators in several major cities across Europe , Russia and Ukraine '' . Waiting until the end of the business on Saturday March 5th , the robbers then sprang into action across Europe to withdraw cash from ATMs using those cloned cards which were replenished with additional funds , courtesy of access to the central database , as soon as the balances got anywhere near zero .
Philip Lieberman , President and CEO of security management specialists Lieberman Software , says that you `` do n't need to be a math genius to realise that each of the pre-paid cards - and their clones - were used to withdraw an average of around $ 590,000 per card '' adding `` assuming an average ATM transaction limit of $ 400 , that 's around 1,500 individual ATM sessions per card account '' . This suggests that while the actual concept of hacking the central database and topping up the cards was simple enough , the heist planning itself was anything but . The sheer scale of organising this crime , which took place over a weekend and across a continent , was mind-boggling to be honest . The robbers knew , for example , that to run the heist for any longer than they did would have triggered the sophisticated anti-fraud analysis systems that all banks have running behind the scenes to protect against just such unusual withdrawal activity .
Lieberman points out that assuming an average ATM cash capapcity of $ 50,000 then the robbers must have had a small army of several hundred 'mules ' on the ground in order to target something like 260 ATMs in total . `` This raises the interesting question as to how much more the fraudsters could have withdrawn if they had more mules on the ground , and more cloned cards in their possession '' Lieberman concludes `` it also begs the question why the bank 's own anti-fraud pattern analysis systems did n't spot what was going on before they did '' .
At first , we thought it was a joke . But the team-up between the hip-hop heavyweights and the pint-sized pop star is 'definitely ' on
A collaboration between Kanye West , Raekwon and pint-size teen singer Justin Bieber is `` definitely '' on , Raekwon confirmed yesterday . `` At the end of the day , '' the rapper explained , `` shorty is a sensation . ''
At first , we thought it was a joke . Kanye name-drops like a man with a shredded phone book , and he rarely follows through . But when artists see bandwagons , they jump – and all three performers seem to want a slice of each other. `` When you got these kinda talents merging together to do something exciting , I think it 's something that 's gon na make the fans check it out , '' Raekwon said .
It started innocently enough . `` Listening to Justin Bieber 's Run Away Love , '' Kanye tweeted on Sunday . `` I love Sunday mornings in the crib . '' Bieber , well-trained by his management , reciprocated the compliment . `` It 's not a so-what moment for me , '' he replied . `` I 'm 16 and a fan . I 'm kinda hyped you 're listening to my stuff . Thank u . Nice Sunday morning . ''
Then things got weird . `` I 'm honoured that you like my music ! '' West – one of the decade 's greatest songwriters and producers – told Bieber , a flash-in-the-pan heart-throb from Canada . `` Maybe we can do something together . Me , you and Raekwon . '' He went on to suggest a remix of Runaway Love . Bieber was right on it . `` Might sound crazy 2 u but even having this convo is living the dream , '' he wrote .
We thought it would end there . Raekwon , a founding member of Wu-Tang Clan , creator of Only Built 4 Cuban Linx , surely does n't have time for little Justin Bieber . Right ? RIGHT ? ? ? Wrong . `` I respect [ Justin ] , I like his style , '' Raekwon said yesterday . `` [ For him ] to acknowledge me , it makes me feel good that the young generation is checkin ' me out . And at the same time it gives me a position to play a big brother in the game . He wants my assistance or whatever , he can get it . ''
If Kanye , Raekwon and , er , `` shorty '' are committed to this team-up , our only hope is that they take some inspiration from Nick Pittsinger , an unknown electronic musician who took Bieber 's U Smile and slowed down it by 800 % . The result , available here , is an elegiac dream , like Vangelis crossed with Eluvium . Throw some Raekwon in there , and we might get really excited .
In theory , endeavoring to learn the specifics of the US empire should be a simple task . Each year brings a new public budget with itemized appropriations ; open hearings in Congress on the number of bases , weapons , operations undertaken by the US government ; and press releases and published reviews of plans and resources from the relevant military and intelligence agencies .
So goes the theory .
In reality , the US empire runs on secrecy – partly to protect its operatives , but mostly to cover up its failures . This leads to insane amounts of classification of official documents and operations undertaken by the US government to pursue its interests . Interests that are typically those of the empire 's richest citizens that typically correspond and interlock with the interests of transnational corporations .
Due to this reality , it is exceedingly difficult to get a complete and precise understanding of the empire in its entirety . The intelligence budgets are often secret or “ black ” and the US military footprint is hard to measure .
For instance , the US government has admitted to having over 660 foreign military bases , but tracking the increasing use of ad hoc and secret bases is extremely difficult . US special operations forces – usually used for assassinations and training foreign fighters – are reported to have operated in 135 countries in 2015 .
Those forces are likely to be even more active in 2016 as plans for new bases in the Middle East , Asia and Africa were already announced this fall with the ostensible objective of countering ISIS ' expanding influence . In all likelihood , US forces will be used to expand the empire further into Africa and Asia , partly in hopes of countering Chinese influence .
But while it is difficult to cobble together the increasing comings-and-goings of US special forces , the most indecipherable element in the US imperial apparatus is the Department of Defense 's spending . The Pentagon 's own newspaper , Stars and Stripes , reported in 2014 that “ the Department of Defense remains the last federal department still unable to conduct a financial audit despite laws passed in the 1990s that require the accounting . ”
The Pentagon reportedly spends roughly $ 2 billion per day both for its current operations and maintaining over a trillion dollars worth of physical assets with no substantive financial oversight . Weapon projects can run in the trillions , with DoD procurement officers often switching sides to join arms-makers such as Lockheed Martin , Boeing , Northrop Grumman , and Raytheon . Pentagon officers can be highly protective and secretive of projects , often hiding information from Congress and the public about costs and failures and threatening those that would reveal unflattering information .
In 2013 , the Department of Defense broke new ground and submitted an audit of its smallest service branch , the US Marine Corps , with much fanfare . But in March of 2015 , the audit was withdrawn after further scrutiny showed it was fundamentally flawed . The private firm that oversaw the Marine Corps audit , Grant Thornton , was fired .
Now , Congress has finally demanded that the Department of Defense undergo a financial audit . The process has so far been a nightmare , with Politico reporting that one of the first agencies within DoD slated to be audited , the Defense Logistics Agency ( DLA ) , is unable to match its financial records with its inventory . The DLA only represents $ 44 billion of the annual $ 700 billion-plus annual Pentagon budget .
War is fundamentally , as one decorated US General put it , a business . But unlike many modern businesses , those in the business of war pretend to have other motives than profit . This poses an interesting problem related to the question of auditing .
With more transparency comes more scrutiny – both for operations and lucrative contracts . So while the US empire probably can be audited , there is little to no incentive for those able to provide the accounting to do so .
Nate Ross ( Egg Harbor City , N.J./Absegami )
ERIE , Pa. - The Gannon wrestling team is ranked fifth in the NCAA Division II Wrestling Coaches Association Preseason Top 25 Poll released Friday afternoon . The national ranking is the highest in program history , tying the 2010 squad that was tabbed fifth from January 20-February 4 . In addition , six Golden Knights are ranked individually in their respective national weight classes.McKendree ( Ill. ) University is the nation 's top-ranked team in the preseason poll . St . Cloud State ( Minn. ) University , California Baptist University , Notre Dame ( Ohio ) College and Gannon University complete the top five.University of Pitt-Johnstown ( Pa. ) , Colorado State University-Pueblo , the University of Central Oklahoma , Upper Iowa University and the University of Indianapolis round out the top 10.Gannon returns 31 wrestlers from last year 's squad that finished runner-up at the NCAA Division II Super Regional One . Nine Golden Knights placed among the top five of their respective weight classes . Eight of those nine return in 2017-18 . Gannon 's six championship semifinalists were their most since at least the 2007-08 season and the team finish was its best since placing second at the 2010 NCAA Division II East Regional.Head coach 's program later finished 13th at the NCAA Division II National Championships , representing the program 's best since tying for eighth in 2010 . Five Gannon wrestlers qualified for the national championships , representing the program 's most since sending six to the 2010 national championships . All five national qualifiers return with the group including redshirt senior , redshirt senior , senior , redshirt juniorand sophomore/Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference ( PSAC ) Freshman of the Year . Budd ( 6th ) , Lewandowski ( 7th ) and Ciotti ( 5th ) are returning All-Americans.Gannon finished the regular-season dual campaign last year with an 8-2 record , including a 5-1 mark against teams ranked nationally at the time of competition . The program 's eight dual wins were its most since 2013-14 . Gannon ended the regular season with five consecutive victories , representing its longest win streak since matching the five-meet streak January 15-21 , 2012 . The run included wins against then-No . 8 Mercyhurst , then-No . 12 Lake Erie and then-No . 15 Seton Hill.Gannon 's group of preseason nationally-ranked wrestlers includes Budd ( Heavyweight , second ) , Ciotti ( 141 , third ) , Lewandowski ( 157 , fourth ) , Stratton ( 174 , eighth ) , Costa ( 184 , ninth ) and ( 165 , 10th ) .Budd is one of Gannon 's three returning All-Americans , earning three victories at last year 's NCAA Division II National Championships before placing sixth . The redshirt senior finished 21-12 overall and 7-3 in dual competition . He captured third place at the NCAA Division II Super Regional One with a 4-1 record and fourth place at the PSAC Championships.The Port Allegany , Pa. , native redshirted in 2015-16 after splitting four matches at the 2015 NCAA Division II Super Regional One as a true freshman . Budd owns a 61-39 career record which does n't include an 18-5 record during his redshirt year . He has posted a 21-10 dual mark during his collegiate career.Ciotti was named PSAC Freshman of the Year following a 26-5 overall record and perfect 7-0 dual mark at 133 pounds in 2016-17 . The sophomore is expected to move up into the 141-pound weight class this season . He joins Budd as a returning All-American after placing fifth with a 3-2 showing at last year 's national championships.The Erie , Pa. , native was the runner-up at the NCAA Division II Super Regional One and PSAC Championships . Ciotti went 3-0 at both events , before falling in the finals . He dropped a decision to an NCAA Division I grappler at the conference championships . Ciotti produced the seventh-highest single-season pin total ( 13 ) and 10th-highest single-season winning percentage ( .839 ) in program history.Lewandowski completes Gannon 's group of returning All-Americans . The redshirt senior posted a 17-6 overall record and 9-1 dual mark last season . He earned all-america honors with three victories and a seventh-place finish at the NCAA Division II National Championships.The DePew , N.Y. , native was the NCAA Division II Super Region One runner-up , but did n't compete at the 2016 PSAC Championships . Lewandowski led Gannon in dual victories and technical falls ( 6 ) . He redshirted in 2015-16 after narrowly missing a national championship appearance in 2015 with a fifth-place regional finish.Stratton produced a 21-14 overall record and 8-2 dual mark last season . The senior led the team in major decisions ( 7 ) while ranking second in victories and third in pins ( 8 ) . He qualified for national championships after finishing fourth at the NCAA Division II Super Regional One.The Hilliard , Ohio , native placed second at the season-opening Mount Union Invitational ( 3-1 ) , fifth at the Findlay Open ( 4-2 ) and sixth at the NCAA Division I-dominated PSAC Championships ( 2-3 ) last year . Stratton has 17 career major decisions.Costa went 10-4 overall and 5-0 in dual competition in limited action last year . The redshirt junior did n't wrestle for two months from November 12-January 14 , before ripping off eight consecutive victories upon his return . He also qualified for the national championships with a runner-up finish at the NCAA Division II Super Regional One.The Brick , N.J. , native won his first three matches at the regional championships , before dropping a decision in the finals . Costa redshirted as a freshman in 2014-15 , before finishing fourth at the conference championships in 2015-16 . He has generated a 21-8 overall record on his career resume.Ross redshirted last year after being a national qualifier in 2015-16 . The redshirt senior posted a 25-8 overall record and 9-1 dual slate as a junior two seasons ago . He led the Golden Knights in overall victories and dual wins that year.The Egg Harbor City , N.J. , native qualified for the national championships after finishing third at the 2016 NCAA Division II Super Regional One with a 4-1 record . Ross also placed fourth at the NCAA Division I-heavy PSAC Championships that year . He owns a 51-31 career overall record.Gannon opens the 2017-18 campaign Saturday , November 11 at the Mount Union Invitational .
I had some email correspondence with John Callender & it seemed like reproducting it would be a fitting way to mark the end of the U.S. Supreme Court 's `` OT '13 '' Term .
John writes :
I may be misinterpreting your views or applying them incorrectly . But I 've been struck by your recent writings on the pernicious role of cultural meanings in individuals ' attempts to assess expert knowledge when evaluating risk , and as a result I end up seeing that phenomenon in lots of other places .
Most recently , I saw what looked like a similar effect at work in something blogger Kevin Drum wrote about : the tendency of US Supreme Court justices to agree with each other . :
Drum was commenting on this item from the New York Times ' `` The Upshot '' :
Drum wrote :
When it comes to high-profile cases , you get a lot of 5-4 decisions . But on the majority of less celebrated cases , when the political spotlight is turned off , there 's a surprising amount of consensus on what the law means .
That makes me wonder if something similar to the effect that pollutes the cognitive process of those assessing expert opinion on things like climate change and GMOs might be at work in the case of Supreme Court justices . Granted , they are themselves experts reaching judgments about the thing they 're expert in ( the law ) . But it seems possible that the same bias that negatively effects peoples ' ability to accurately assess expert opinion when cultural identity and status-maintenance gets tangled up in the question could be a factor in justices ' tendency to disagree more in some cases than in others .
My response :
Thanks for sharing these reflections w/ me ; they are super interesting & important .
Let 's say that it 's true that we see more `` agreement '' among judges than we 'd expect relative to divided views of non-judges . There would be two ( at least ) plausible hypotheses : ( a ) the judges are converging as a result of some conformity mechanism that biases their assessment of the issues vs. ( b ) the * people reacting * to the judges ' decisions are being influenced by cultural cognition or some like mechanism that generates systematic differences of opinion among them , but the judges are converging on decisions that are `` correct '' or `` valid '' in relation to professional judgment that is distinctive of judges or lawyers .
I elaborate -- only a bit ! -- in this blog post :
The idea that public division over controversial supreme court opinions might reflect a kind of `` neutrality communication '' failure akin to `` validity communication '' failure that generates division on issues like climate change etc . ( hypothesis b ) also figures pretty prominently in
Also in our experimental paper
Hypothesis ( b ) is in my view primarily an alternative to the prevailing view that ( c ) judges are `` political '' -- they vote on basis of ideology etc . The frequency of unanimous decisions -- or even ideologically charged ones that divide Justices but not strictly on ideological lines -- challenges that view . Hypothesis ( a ) & ( b ) both try to make sense of that , then !
We need more empirical study -- both because it would be interesting to know which hypothesis -- ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) -- is closer to the truth & because the answer to that question has important normative & prescriptive implications .
BY : Follow @ LizWFB
The advertising campaign in New York telling men to stop `` manspreading '' has cost the city 's taxpayers more than $ 76,000 .
`` Dude…Stop the Spread , Please '' was the biggest takeaway from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority 's ( MTA ) new campaign announced last month , instructing riders on proper subway etiquette . `` Manspreading '' is when a man keeps his legs apart while sitting .
Invoices obtained by the Washington Free Beacon from the MTA through Freedom of Information Law request reveal that the campaign has cost $ 76,707.70 .
The MTA hired Edison Lithograph and Printing Corp. to print thousands of posters and placards , which will appear in 2,600 subway cars . The company produces all of MTA 's advertising and brochures .
The MTA is $ 34.4 billion in debt .
While online commenters complain that manspreading is `` ridiculous male privilege , '' defenders of the practice argue , `` I need to sit that way because of my balls . '' Others decry that `` women put their handbags on seats all the time . ''
The Canadian Association for Equality , which is fighting a potential ban of manspreading in Toronto , agreed .
`` This sets a very bad precedent as men opening their legs is something we have to do due to our biology , '' the group wrote in a petition to the Toronto Transit Commission . `` It sometimes can be physically painful for [ us ] to close our legs and we ca n't be expected to do so . ''
They added that manspreading is a `` sexist term , and is the simple act of opening your legs . ''
The MTA said promoting good etiquette makes the subway more enjoyable for everyone .
`` The new program , developed by MTA Corporate Communications , highlights behaviors that are both encouraged and discouraged for the benefit of everyone , '' a press release announcing the campaign said . `` The messaging largely reflects complaints and suggestions from riders . ''
`` The colorfully-designed placards employ simple graphics to illustrate behavioral ‘ do ' and ‘ do n't ' scenarios , '' the MTA added . `` The illustrations are reinforced with pithy statements . ''
Besides manspreading , the list of `` no no 's '' include `` clipping '' your hair , `` primping , '' and `` blocking doors . ''
`` Poles are for your safety , not your latest routine , '' will also appear on an ad .
Houston Rockets
Feb 25
Nene Hilario Status : Day-To-Day Nene will be held out of Monday 's game against the Hawks to rest , Jonathan Feigen of the Houston Chronicle reports .
James Harden Status : Day-To-Day Harden ( neck ) is probable for Monday 's game against the Hawks , Jonathan Feigen of the Houston Chronicle reports .
Feb 24
James Harden Status : Day-To-Day Harden ( neck ) is considered questionable for Monday 's game against the Hawks , Mark Berman of Fox 26 Houston reports .
Feb 23
James Harden Status : Day-To-Day Harden ( neck ) is out for Saturday 's matchup against the Warriors , Kelly Iko of The Athletic reports .
James Harden Status : Day-To-Day Harden ( neck ) will be a game-time decision for Saturday 's matchup against the Warriors , Tim MacMahon of ESPN.com reports .
Feb 22
James Harden Status : Day-To-Day Harden is questionable for Saturday 's game against the Warriors due to a cervical strain , Jonathan Feigen of the Houston Chronicle reports .
Feb 24
Video : Symfony and Content Management
Content Management may appear simple to a layman , but when you end up working with multiple sites , multilingual , versioning , media assets and real user needs ... it is not trivial . Symfony has been adopted by many popular CMSes . That 's great news for all LAMP CMS devs !
Wide adoption of any specific technology is a great thing for developers , as you can now use your skills across different tools - without huge investment in application specific templating engines , etc . Symfony is now at the epicenter of such popularisation in the common domain of LAMP CMSes .
This talk presents some Symfony components and other tools that you can use across different Content Management Systems that use Symfony in different ways . It was presented at the Symfony Helsinki Meetup on September 17th , 2015 .
You can also view just the video on Youtube : Symfony and Content Management ( CMS )
Presentation Slides
Navigate slides with arrow keys or view Symfony and Content Management slides full screen .
Written by Jani Tarvainen on Friday September 18 , 2015
Permalink - Tags : symfony , cms , drupal , wordpress , ezplatform
Leave a comment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
RWE `` will not build any nuclear power plants abroad , '' a company spokeswoman said , confirming a corresponding report in the Süddeutsche Zeitung daily .
At the end of March , RWE and its bigger rival E.ON decided they would pull out of their British nuclear power joint venture , Horizon Nuclear Power , the spokeswoman pointed out .
The Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper said the management of Germany 's second biggest energy company held a secret meeting in an exclusive hotel in Istanbul on Friday and Saturday to discuss the major strategy change .
Peter Terium , RWE 's incoming CEO , who is to take over the company in July , told the company 's 200 most senior managers that he was planning a major overhaul of the company , the paper said .
The new plan is to pull out of the nuclear power business completely , and invest heavily in solar , in Germany and elsewhere , the paper said .
The news is a significant change of course for a company previously considered one of the most vehement defenders of nuclear power . RWE made a statement in March announcing that Germany 's transition from nuclear to renewable energy , announced last year , had cost it a third of its net profits .
Last week , German power suppliers also said they were suing the German government for €15 billion in lost income .
The Süddeutsche Zeitung said RWE had decided that the financial risks of building new nuclear power stations in those countries where the political will remained in favour , were too great . Huge delays in such construction projects in France and Finland have apparently convinced the company that nuclear power is not worth the financial risk .
Recent international ratings agency assessments have also threatened to downgrade nuclear power as an investment option if further nuclear safety risks are revealed , the paper said , citing unnamed company sources . This could do huge financial damage to RWE , a company currently working to pay off large debts .
Incoming CEO Terium also announced Monday that RWE could face large job cuts in the mid- to long-term . `` RWE will also have to make some tough decisions , '' he warned , saying the company faces major restructuring . `` In three years time , the company will not have the same structures we do now . ''
The Local/AFP/bk
The Gatorade Fight Night event in Turku , Finland , ended in an upset as Francesco Patera ( 18–2 ) won the EBU lightweight title from Edis Tatli ( 29–2 ) by a somewhat controversial split decision . It was an even fight with Patera being the more active of the two and Tatli scoring the harder shots .
Neither fighter did significant damage in the opening rounds , but Tatli 's right hand started to find its way in the fourth . Patera was the sharper of the two in the fifth , but Tatli took control in the sixth blocking Patera 's punches and throwing his own shots after Patera 's combinations .
In the eighth Tatli got in some nice left hooks . Patera scored with a hard uppercut in the beginning of ninth , but Tatli answered later with a good overhand right .
Neither fighter showed signs of slowing down in the championship rounds . Patera scored more in the tenth , but Tatli closed the round strong . Tatli took the eleventh with several big shots and the final round was a close call . The official scores were 113–115 , 112–116 , 116–112 for Patera .
The WBC World super featherweight champion Eva Wahlström ( 20–0–1 ) retained her belt with a unanimous decision over Mayra Alejandra Gomez ( 18–6 ) . Wahlström peppered the much shorter Gomez with one-twos , hooks and crosses throughout the opening rounds . The tough Argentinean showed heart and caught Wahlström with a good overhand right in the fifth , but the champion answered with stiff jabs and good left hook–right cross combinations .
Wahlström controlled the center of the ring throughout the fight , but Gomez managed to get in some solid counters . The champion stunned Gomez in the end of eighth with a hard right , and the final round was a slugfest as both women threw bombs .
Gomez proved to be a resilient and gutsy fighter , but Wahlström was just too big and powerful for her to handle . The scores were 99–91 , 98–92 and 99–91 .
Light heavyweight Niklas Räsänen ( 14–1 ) scored a clear unanimous decision over Ricardo Marcelo Ramallo ( 22–12–1 ) . The two started cautiously , but things started to heat up in the second as the southpaw-stanced Räsänen knocked Ramallo down with a booming left hand .
Räsänen staggered Ramallo again with a beautiful right uppercut in the third round . Ramallo came back in the fourth with a few good shots of his own , but in the fifth Ramallo went down twice from slips but was clearly tired and took several hard shots . In the end Räsänen won every round with ease .
Sasa Janjic ( 6–15 ) had little to offer against Oskari Metz ( 3–0 ) in their welterweight clash . Metz peppered the southpaw-stanced Janjic with hard right hands for the first three rounds . In the second round Janjic looked like he was ready to go down , but Metz was n't able to land the final punch .
In the fourth round Janjic tried to turn the tables with hard left hooks to body and head , but as Metz continued to press forward the awkward-styled Serb switched back to defensive mode . Janjic scored with a few good uppercuts and left hands in the fifth but was again in trouble in the final seconds of the round . Metz tried relentlessly score his first knockout in the sixth , but the sneaky Serb made it to the final bell .
Welterweight Nerdin Fejzovic ( 2–10 ) started courageously against the much more experienced Jussi Koivula ( 22–4–1 ) and even managed to catch him with a big right hand in the first round . Koivula answered by nearly knocking Fejzovic down with a right hand if his own .
Fejzovic 's best weapon was his wild right hand swing that was hard enought to keep Koivula from going after him too recklessly . Things started to look bad for Fejzovic in the third as Koivula rocked him again with a sharp right . Fejzovic started clinching excessively , which raised some boos from the audience .
In the fifth Fejzovic 's corner protested that Koivula was hitting on the back of the head . In the sixth Fejzovic finally took a knee and referee stopped the fight – which caused Fejzovic 's corner to protest vigorously .
Super bantamweight Jose Antonio Sanchez Romero dominated Nemanja Sabljov in a six-rounder . Sabljov seemed to get in the fight early on , but a hard right from Sanchez sent him down in the final seconds of the first round . Sabljov lost his will to fight right there , and for the rest of the fight he contentrated on clinching and evading Sanchez 's atttacks .
Sanchez tried desperately to finish his opponent before the final bell . He managed to knock Sabljov down in the final seconds of the sixth , but the Serb was saved by the bell .
Antti Hietala ( 1–0–1 ) scored a unanimous decision against Predrag Cvetkovic ( 1–6 ) in a welterweight contest . Hietala moved well and got in some good combinations downstairs in the first round , but Cvetkovic was n't going to give in easily . The Serb pressed on , but Hietala was too slick . In the fourth round Hietala hurt Cvetkovic with hard body shots , but Cvetkovic managed to stay on his feet .
The event was promoted by Dominus Boxing Group with Viaplay providing the live stream . Dominus Boxing Group 's next fight night will be held at Savonlinna , Finland in August .
Brussels urgently needs a €150 billion bailout to begin a major recapitalization program for its banks , according to Deutsche Bank 's David Folkerts-Landau .
Read more
In the aftermath of UK 's Brexit vote , the focus of attention has switched to Italy 's banking sector , which has accumulated €360 billion in bad loans , and growing .
A former member of the ECB executive board Lorenzo Bini Smaghi , and now chairman at Société Générale , has warned the banking crisis in Italy could spread to the entire EU .
“ Europe is extremely sick and must start dealing with its problems extremely quickly , or else there may be an accident . I 'm no doomsday prophet , I am a realist , ” he said in an interview to Welt am Sonntag .
According to Folkerts-Landau , Brussels should follow Washington 's steps that helped US banks with a $ 475 billion bailout .
`` In Europe , the bailout does not need to be so large . A €150 billion program should be enough to help European banks recapitalize , ” he said .
The decline in bank stocks is only the symptom of a much larger problem , which is low growth , high debt and dangerous deflation , Folkerts-Landau added .
Over the last 12 months , Deutsche Bank shares have plummeted 48 percent . Another major European bank , Credit Suisse is down 63 percent since July 31 last year . All in all , the Bloomberg Europe 500 Banks and Financial Services Index has nosedived 33 percent in 2015 to the lowest level in more than seven years as of last Thursday .
However , the economist said a new global crisis is less probable , as the banks have grown more stable and have more equity . Despite this , they face “ a slow , long downward spiral . ”
Make yourself heard
Schoolkids photo by Anne C. Savage , special to Eclectablog
As I reported yesterday , the Michigan House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure voted to eliminate the sales tax on aviation fuel . This bill is in addition to House Bill 4539 which if passed , will eliminate the sales tax on gasoline sales in our state . My piece said that this would take $ 770.1 million out of the School Aid Fund ( SAF ) . However , that amount is only for the repeal of the gasoline tax . According to a statement by State Rep. Brandon Dillon , yesterday 's repeal of the aviation fuel tax will remove another $ 55 million . That means if both bills are passed , $ 825.1 million more will be taken from our kids ' schools . This represents over two-thirds of the $ 1.2 billion Governor Snyder has asked for for road repair .
Here 's Rep. Dillon 's statement :
I support growing Michigan 's transportation industry , but we ca n't do that at the expense of our kids , who represent our state 's future . To give big corporations such as major airlines a tax break when our schools are running on empty is irresponsible . It tells our kids that we care more about airlines than we do about them . The bills that would change the way aviation fuel is taxed are House Bills 4571 and 4572 . HB 4571 would increase the aviation fuel tax on the basis of its wholesale price . HB 4572 would then exempt aviation fuel from the state 's 6 percent sales tax . Republicans who support the bill say that the School Aid Fund would take a $ 55 million hit if the bill is passed . The two bills were reported out of the House Transportation Committee today without any solution to ‘ fix ' the school funding shortfall Republicans created with these bills . A third bill , HB 4677 , which could have replaced the School Aid Funds , was n't voted on by the committee and is n't connected to the other two bills . Our schools simply ca n't absorb another funding cut . It 's wrong to punish kids who are already crammed like travelers in coach class in overcrowded classrooms that do n't have enough textbooks to go around while giving major corporations a tax break at the fuel pump .
Republicans are suggesting that they will fill this nearly $ 1 billion hole by asking Michigan voters to raise taxes on themselves by voting for a 1 % increase in the sales tax . Given that this requires super majority votes ( two-thirds ) in both the House and the Senate as well a passage by the voters of Michigan at the next election , that is hardly a guarantee . It amounts to a hostage situation where the Republicans are holding our schools , kids and teachers hostage and the ransom is raising taxes on ourselves so that they do n't have to take credit for any further tax hikes in this state .
Last night on the Night Shift with Tony Trupiano Show , Tony asked me what can be done about this . I told him that we need to take a page out of the Tea Party book and start making calls , sending emails and knocking on the doors of our State Representatives and Senators to let them know that we will not settle for paying for the repair of our roads on the backs of our schools , our kids and our teachers . We all agree that our roads are a complete disaster . Nearly a decade of recession in Michigan has left our critical infrastructure in a shambles . But let 's do so honestly . If they want to raise our taxes to pay for road repair , so be it . Raise taxes . But do it honestly and do it in broad daylight so that we know what we 're voting for and we are n't doing it under the threat of eliminating vital funding to our kids ' schools .
Here 's the audio from last night 's interview :
[ soundcloud url= ” http : //api.soundcloud.com/tracks/91207982″ params= ” ” width= ” 100 % ” height= ” 166″ iframe= ” true ” / ]
So , make yourself heard on this . Call your State Representatives and Senators and tell them to vote no on House Bills 4539 and 4572 and to fund road repair in an honest way . Here are some ways you can reach out to lawmakers :
Click HERE to go to a page with contact information for your legislators . MAKE THE CALL ! Click HERE to send a message to your legislator via the Michigan Parents for Schools website Click HERE to send a message via the Tri-County Alliance for Public Education
Oh , and one more thing : would n't it be nice if our mainstream media journalists were asking Republicans tough questions about this plan to defund schools ? ? ? Neither the Detroit News nor the Detroit Free Press even reported on yesterday 's vote .
Manchester United 's Phil Jones has 'more in his locker ' than John Terry
Phil Jones : Praised by Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson
Jones joined United from Blackburn Rovers in 2011 and has shown his versatility by playing at centre-half , right-back and in a central midfield role for the Premier League leaders .
The 20-year-old impressed in midfield against Tottenham Hotspur last weekend and Ferguson is delighted with the England international 's progress at Old Trafford .
`` Jones was absolutely brilliant at Tottenham in the role we asked him to play , '' said Ferguson .
`` He did it really well . He can play anywhere . He is quick , two-sided and reads the game well . He 's competitive and has got a great change of pace going forward so the boy has done very well . ''
Comparisons were drawn with Terry earlier in Jones ' career , but Ferguson feels the youngster has more to his game than the Chelsea defender .
The United boss added : `` Well , I think he 's got more in his locker than Terry had to be honest with you but Terry gathered experience and became a fantastic central figure for Chelsea .
`` Obviously , he was the main man at Chelsea but , as a young player , I think John would be the first to admit he did n't have the pace of Jones .
`` He 's a very versatile boy while John is a centre-back . Jones is proving himself everywhere . ''
To find out more about live football on Sky sports , Click here
Fear . Anxiety . Apprehension . Those , and about a hundred other emotions flooded my mind on the evening of Jan. 5 , when I was told that I had been traded along with Iman Shumpert from the New York Knicks to the Cleveland Cavaliers . I 've been an NBA player for 11 seasons now , and though I have played for four different teams , it was the first time I 'd ever been traded mid-season . To say the news was a shock to the system would be an understatement . It was no secret then ( and it still is n't now ) that things at Madison Square Garden had not gone according to plan . Losing , it seemed , was only bringing more losing this season , and no matter what we tried — no matter how hard we played — we just could n't seem to find a way to make things come together . No single person was to blame , really ; it just was n't meant to be with that group . Still , while you might assume that getting a free pass to get out of last place is something any player would relish , that 's not exactly how things work when you are a professional athlete . There I was , headed to a championship-caliber team — with an opportunity to play alongside the best player in the world — and yet my mind and heart were with my brothers on the Knicks . I had played almost the entirety of my professional career with Carmelo Anthony . We and our teammates had fought together in the trenches , we had played some really good basketball , and we had a lot of fun along the way . No matter how many losses we had racked up recently , my instinct was not to leave anyone , and more importantly , not to leave ‘ Melo . Of course , you already know what comes next because you 've heard it said countless times before : This is a business . For the most part , and for most players , it is . But not for me .
Like we had done so many times before , me and ‘ Melo getting ready for business . ( AP )
With 45 games games in the rearview mirror since the trade , I 've been able to reflect on things , and now see it as a blessing in disguise . For me , being away from New York , my hometown , has led to far fewer distractions . In Cleveland , there just is n't much to do after 9 p.m. , so the days of fashion shows , shopping , and the nights out have been replaced by one thing and one thing only : Basketball . There have been unfair rumors that lead people to have misconceptions about me : that I do n't care ; that I do n't take my job seriously ; that I am not committed to my craft . It 's unfortunate , but people have been saying this about me during my entire career . It obviously bothers me and naturally would bother anyone to feel that people do n't take you seriously as a person . I see it in media commentary during each season , and I experience it firsthand when I 'm on the golf course in the offseason , everywhere . Then after 18 holes , or lunch , or a meeting , without fail , someone tells me I am a completely different person than who they perceived me to be . Everyone expects me to be some kind of NBA rock star guy , but truthfully , that 's just not me . Not at all . Look , I get it . I understand that my appearance , the way I carry myself , the past ways I have handled myself on social media — all of these impact the way the public sees me . It 's not necessarily what I want , but when you are a professional athlete , it comes with the territory . Those people , the people that really do know me , hold me to a really high standard and I do n't want to let them down . So while it 's easy for me to say publicly that I do n't care what people think about me , or what they say about me , it 's actually A LOT harder than you 'd imagine . I do care what daughters and my parents think about what is said and written . Unfortunately , the way I am portrayed just is n't reality . Now that I am in Cleveland , though , it seems as though people are finally starting to get to know the real me .
( AP )
Thankfully , “ Who is J.R. Smith ? ” is not the first question I get asked these days . Cleveland fans care much more about what 's happening on the court , even though I do still get the daunting question , “ Who do I like playing better with : Melo or Lebron ? ” They are different people , different players , with different supporting casts , in different situations . Carmelo Anthony is not LeBron James . And LeBron James is not Carmelo Anthony . Period . At his core , Carmelo is a scorer and he always will be . While some insist on framing that as a negative , the simple fact is that ‘ Melo is one of the greatest to ever do it . ' It 's funny , but I do n't hear anyone bashing Kevin Durant for being a scorer first . Sure , I may be biased , but when it comes to ‘ Melo , I rarely hear any of the “ so-called ” experts mentioning that he has never had the cast around him that LeBron , Kobe Bryant or some of the other elite-level talents have had at their sides when they won their titles . Instead , it seems like he 's always the one to blame when things go wrong . Playing with LeBron is different in the way he demands nothing less than the best of his teammates , and does n't have to have an individual focus on scoring to maximize his impact . He expects us to be accountable , and does n't hesitate to make plays that ensure that we do well before he does . LeBron is both willing and able to carry the load . From the very first time you meet the man , it 's crystal clear to you that he is very much aware of what he needs to do to get the most out of his teammates . LeBron sacrifices his own scoring stats to grab every rebound , to make every smart pass , to defend every possession — all in the name of winning . And despite what might be said in the media , I can tell you honestly that for both LeBron and ‘ Melo , winning is the only thing that matters . Naturally , as LeBron 's teammate , when you see the top dog playing the game a certain way , you have no choice but to follow suit . Not because you bow down to King James , but because the results are there for the team , because the wins keep coming , and because you can literally see things coming together each night right before your eyes .
( AP )
Mazda is the latest mainstream manufacturer to tease the cars it 's hauling to Las Vegas for this year 's SEMA show . They may not be quite as outrageous as Hyundai 's 1040bhp Santa Fe , but we reckon they 'll do the job .
The Mazda MX-5 Speedster made its debut at last year 's show , but it 's back again for this year , only with even more weight stripped out of it . The windscreen-less Speedster Evolution weighs 159kg less than a conventional soft-top MX-5 , and 45kgs less than last year 's concept , putting its total kerbweight way south of a tonne . It 's painted ‘ White Ether ' , in case you were wondering , and it 's excellent because all speedsters are . This is a fact .
Slightly less excellent ( only just ) is Mazda 's other concept – the RF Kuro . It 's based on the retractable hard-top variant of the MX-5 , and possesses 17in Rays alloys on sticky 215-section rubber , and the suspension from the MX-5 Cup car . The normal MX-5 ( we 've not driven the RF ) is quite softly sprung – we think this is part of what makes it so entertaining to drive , but others disagree and yearn for something stiffer . Hence , the Kuro . Oh , and ‘ Kuro ' is Japanese for charcoal , a nod to this RF 's semi-matte grey paint finish .
Which one would you choose ?
( Permanent Musical Accompaniment To The Last Post Of The Week From The Blog 's Favourite Living Canadian )
The president * completed quite a couple of days at his appointed task of screwing up important things about which he knows less than dick . First , he played arsonist with people 's healthcare because all he knows about it is that the guy who wounded his fee-fee once passed it . Late on Friday , he completed the'll-Show-You-You-Think-You 're So-Smart parlay by taking his tiny little shears into his tiny little fingers and snipping away at the nuclear deal with Iran . From the Beeb :
International observers say Iran has been in full compliance with the 2015 deal freezing its nuclear programme . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said the US was `` more than ever isolated '' and could not change the nuclear deal . `` As long as our rights are guaranteed , as long as our interests are served , as long as we benefit from the nuclear deal , we will respect and comply with the deal , '' Mr Rouhani said . Mr Trump said the deal was too lenient , and Iran had `` committed multiple violations of the agreement '' . Iran , he said , was spreading `` death , destruction and chaos '' .
Leave aside the fact that he presented no evidence for his charges . Do you think he could find Iran on a map ? Do you think if you gave him three possible answers as to what the capital of Iran is , he 'd get it right ? If you Photoshopped the face of the Ayatollah Khomeini into a photo of ZZ Top , do you think he 'd be able to tell you which of the four bearded guys was n't in the band ?
Nowhere is he more clearly at sea than in foreign policy—and John Kelly should be ashamed to have stood up before a microphone and said how smart this gossoon is—and he 's being led around by people who do not have the interests of peace in the Mideast at heart . ( Tom Cotton ? White courtesy phone , please . ) This has been a horrible couple of days .
It has n't even been a year yet .
In case you missed it , Judge Roy Moore , who is running for the U.S. Senate in Alabama , and who will be on the ballot on both the Republican and Deuteronomic lines , as I understand it , is pretty much as bad as you always thought he was . Of course , when you are your state 's chief justice and you get fired twice for ignoring the law , well , people will think you 're pretty damn bad . But , because political campaigns occasionally can be wonderful bathyspheres to your soul 's dark abyss , we are learning that Moore 's is plenty deep and plenty dark .
Getty Images
Back in 2004 , which would be 50 years after Brown v. Board and 39 years after the passage of the last Civil Rights Act , Alabama legislators moved to remove formal segregationist language from the state 's constitution . This would seem to be the easiest damn thing to do , it being the 21st century and all , and that language having been rendered moot by the federal courts for over five decades anyway . Guess who led the fight against removing the language ?
Tell us , Josh 's Joint .
“ He had a huge impact . It was a measure that was set to pass without much opposition and then because he got involved it changed the dynamic completely , ” said Susan Kennedy of the Alabama Education Association , the state public teachers ' lobby that supported the amendment . At the time , Moore , who is currently the GOP nominee and the front-runner to become Alabama 's next U.S. senator , had recently been booted from the state supreme court for defying higher court orders to remove a Ten Commandments statue from in front of his courthouse . That fight had made him a superstar in the religious right both in the state and nationally . When conservative evangelical activists including the Alabama Christian Coalition began warning about adverse effects of the segregation amendment he stepped up to be the amendment 's most prominent foe — a move that kept his name in the headlines as he geared up for a 2006 primary challenge against Riley and sent the amendment down to a narrow defeat . “ This amendment is a wolf in sheep 's clothing and the people of Alabama should be aware of it , ” Moore told the Birmingham News in 2004 , warning it would “ open the door to an enormous tax increase ” — one of many broadsides he issued .
I 'm sure it was all about economic anxiety for ol ' Judge Roy .
In related news , ol ' Judge Roy liked to brag about how he never took “ a regular salary ” from the Christomaniac foundation he ran . But , again , you know , campaigns , transparency , and here comes that bathysphere again , this time dispatched to the depths by the Washington Post .
But privately , Moore had arranged to receive a salary of $ 180,000 a year for part-time work at the Foundation for Moral Law , internal charity documents show . He collected more than $ 1 million as president from 2007 to 2012 , compensation that far surpassed what the group disclosed in its public tax filings most of those years . When the charity could n't afford the full amount , Moore in 2012 was given a promissory note for back pay eventually worth $ 540,000 or an equal stake of the charity 's most valuable asset , a historic building in Montgomery , Ala. , mortgage records show . He holds that note even now , a charity official said .
In one sense , ol ' Judge Roy is telling the truth . He did not take a “ regular ” salary from the Foundation . I mean , 180 Gs for part-time work is a lot of things , but regular , it 's not . God works in mysterious ways but His bookkeeping remains lousy .
In somewhat brighter political news , this time from the newly insane state of North Carolina , it probably is worth keeping an eye on Dr. Jennifer Mangrum , who 's running for a seat in the state senate against a Republican named Phil Berger , and more about him in a minute . Mangrum is the child of two public-school teachers and a lifelong educator herself , being now a professor at the University of North Carolina at Greenboro . She also was a lifelong Republican , until the state legislature in North Carolina lost its mind and the state went newly insane . From The Carolinian :
“ I 'm open . I was a Republican , I need to tell you that . I had a father who fought in World War 2 , Vietnam and Korea , and when I registered to vote in the ‘ 80s , if you were military then the Republican Party was the party that you felt was going to take care of your family , ” said Mangrum . “ The party has changed so much since I registered . I 'm also really embarrassed that leaders in the Republican Party represent us in the way they do but I was a voter who looked at the person. ” She decided to run a few weeks after changing her registration… “ In January , I thought about the fact that when I had gone to the polls in 2016 , there was not a Democrat option for my district , ” Mangrum said . “ One way to get attention on teachers is to challenge [ Berger ] and see if he wants to have a conversation about some of these policies . ”
( Ms. Mangrum , I know you 're new to this and all , and the Republican microchip may still be partially active , but the correct adjectival form is “ Democratic ” option . People get testy about that . )
As for Berger , he 's been at the center of almost everything that 's gone wrong with North Carolina since Art Pope completed his hostile takeover of the government . He 's the Republican leader in the state senate . He 's been a crucial part of the state 's redistricting shenanigans , defending the process that produced a that a federal court said targeted minority voters with “ almost surgical precision. ” This week , he and the rest of the legislative leadership called the legislature back into session to override Democratic Governor Roy Cooper 's veto of a Republican-backed bill that would cancel the state 's primaries as regards the 2018 judicial elections .
( Have I mentioned recently that an elected judiciary is The Second Worst Idea In American Politics ? )
And need I mention that Berger is all about keeping the statues of treasonous bastards right where they are ? From TV12 :
Senate leader Phil Berger released the letter he sent the governor : `` I do not think an impulsive decision to pull down every Confederate monument in North Carolina is wise , that attempting to rewrite history is a fool 's errand . '' Berger went on to call Cooper 's move , `` more political theater than a principled stand . ''
So , the shebeen is going to adopt this little race as one of its own . Remember , Dr. Mangrum . You belong to the DemocratIC Party now .
Weekly WWOZ Pick To Click : “ Mercy Now ” ( Mary Gauthier ) : Yeah , I still pretty much love New Orleans .
Weekly Visit To The Pathe Archives : Oh , look . Here 's Shah Reza Pahlevi returning to Iran after the CIA helped depose Muhammad Mossadegh at the behest of American and British oil interests . Everyone looks so happy . I predict this all will work out for the best in the future .
Blog Official Music Archivist , the great and powerful Oz , sends along from his vast library in Kansas City this previously unreleased—and , as far as I knew , completely unknown—track from The Master . The next “ bootleg series ” installment will cover the years between 1979 and 1981 , including what I think is his unjustly criticized “ Christian ” period . I always thought “ Got ta Serve Somebody ” was a great track . ( So did the late Bob Marley , by the way . ) And “ Every Grain Of Sand ” can stand with anything the late Thomas Dorsey wrote , except possibly “ Precious Lord. ” And , in between devotionals , you could hear some great rock and roll a'borning , including the stick-swinging jeremiad , “ Foot of Pride , ” and the thunderous “ The Groom 's Still Waiting At The Altar , ” which is the closest he ever came to the music he made with The Band without The Band . And , of course , out of that same period , but two years later , came Infidels , one of the greatest of his several comeback albums and also , with the inexplicable absence of “ Blind Willie McTell , ” one of his most mysterious .
Oh , yeah . Sorry . I do tend to get carried away . Here 's the cut Oz sent along . It 's pretty sweet .
Is it a good day for dinosaur news , Science Daily ? It 's always a good day for dinosaur news !
It seems that , if you were planning to go all Jurassic Park in your basement lab with a pint of dinosaur blood , you might be out of luck , clone-wise .
Their findings demonstrate that previous claims showing the preservation of keratin protein in dinosaur fossils are likely to be false . Similarly , widely publicised claims of dinosaur blood in fossil bones were shown to likely represent an artefact of degraded organic matter rather than actual blood cells . The researchers undertook experimental treatments that either used microbes to decay tissues or subjected tissues to intense heat and pressure -- a process known as maturation -- in order to mimic the conditions a fossil experiences deep underground . Evan Saitta from the University of Bristol 's School of Earth Science , led the research which has been published in the journal Palaios . He said : `` Decay and mild maturation resulted in some intriguing textural differences in degradation patterns based on the type of keratin such as curling versus crimping of filaments when matured . `` These results may show promise for identifying relatively recent archaeological keratin remains but when maturation conditions are increased to simulate conditions present during burial and fossilisation , the keratin degrades into a foul-smelling , water-soluble fluid that can dissolve or leach away from the fossil . ''
Well , that 's a disappointment , especially that foul-smelling fluid part . Nothing that produces a foul-smelling fluid can come to any good end , not even dinosaurs , who nonetheless lived then to make us happy now .
The Committee had a feeling that the post about Ryan Zinke 's Emblem Of Office would draw this week 's Top Commenter of the Week , and so it has with Top Commenter Ty Reid 's deft leap into the Strangelovian mind .
I look forward to reading the tell-all expose from the guy that guards Zinke 's bottles of precious bodily fluids , where he preserves his essence .
As do we all , Mandrake . As do we all . Until then , enjoy your 81.11 Beckhams in joy and happiness for as long as we on this pitiable planet have left . From National Geographic :
After analyzing minerals in fossilized ash from the most recent mega-eruption , researchers at Arizona State University think the supervolcano last woke up after two influxes of fresh magma flowed into the reservoir below the caldera . And in an unsettling twist , the minerals revealed that the critical changes in temperature and composition built up in a matter of decades . Until now , geologists had thought it would take centuries for the supervolcano to make that transition .
I 'll be back on Monday , if possible . Be well and play nice , ya bastids . Stay above the snake-line because it is ai n't one damn thing , it 's another .
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions is seeking the resignations of 46 United States attorneys who were appointed during the prior presidential administration , the Justice Department said Friday .
Many of the federal prosecutors who were nominated by former President Barack Obama have already left their positions , but the nearly four dozen who stayed on in the first weeks of the Trump administration have been asked to leave “ in order to ensure a uniform transition , ” Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said .
“ Until the new U.S. attorneys are confirmed , the dedicated career prosecutors in our U.S. attorney 's offices will continue the great work of the department in investigating , prosecuting and deterring the most violent offenders , ” she said in a statement .
It is customary , though not automatic , for the country 's 93 U.S. attorneys to leave their positions once a new president is in office . The Obama administration allowed political appointees of President George W. Bush to serve until their replacement had been nominated and confirmed .
The federal prosecutors are nominated by the president , generally upon the recommendation of a home-state senator .
One U.S. attorney appointed by Bush , Rod Rosenstein of Maryland , remained on the job for the entire Obama administration and is the current nominee for deputy attorney general .
U.S. attorneys are responsible for prosecuting federal crimes in the territories they oversee . They report to Justice Department leadership in Washington , and their priorities are expected to be in line with those of the attorney general .
By Joe Quinn
Sign of the Times
Israel Shamir recently published his opinion on the Wikileaks exposé and in the process took issue with those who had dismissed the leaks as a distraction . While I was n't named by Shamir as one of the dissenters , I had waxed skeptical in a recent Sott.net editorial on the topic .
I sent the following letter to Shamir :
Dear Shamir ,
You title your last missive Wikileaks – The Real Stuff , yet you fail to point to anything “ real ” or valuable in the Wikileaks documents . Can you point to any detail , either within the documents or within those documents that have been published by the mainstream media that was not already publicly available ?
Alternatively , can you point to some evidence that the release of the documents has in some way effected a sea-change in the general public opinion of the US misadventure in Afghanistan ? I ask this because , such is the hype surrounding the release of the documents , I think we are all justified in expecting ‘ big things ' as a result .
I do n't doubt that the coverage of the Wikileaks documents by the mainstream media has lent extra weight to the long-established truth ( as purveyed most notably by the alternative news sites ) that civilians are being murdered in Afghanistan , but the precise number of dead is all important , as is where to lay the blame .
Do you really think the Wikileaks documents and the mainstream media reporting on them serve up a dish of raw Truth to the public ? Or is it possible that it has been cooked to some extent ?
The UK Guardian newspaper has taken the lead in the dissemination of the Wikileaks documents . Take a look at this article , if you have not already done so . It is the main story that appeared in the Guardian announcing the documents , and consider the bullet-pointed summation at the beginning :
Hundreds of civilians killed by coalition troops
Covert unit hunts leaders for ‘ kill or capture '
Steep rise in Taliban bomb attacks on NATO
Were you shocked , Shamir ? “ Hundreds ” killed by coalition troops ! The true figure is over 30,000 Afghan civilians killed as a result of the US invasion .
How many average US or European citizens do you think will be shocked by the claim that a “ covert unit hunts ” those evil ‘ Tailban ' leaders ? Is this meant to be a shocking exposé ?
And what are we to make of the “ steep rise in Taliban attacks on NATO ” ? Is this meant to elicit a “ poor NATO ” response from readers ?
But I admit , some people are strong-willed , and read further than the bullet points of an article , and at least get to the end of the first paragraph where , in the case of the Guardian exposé , the public is treated to a further data point :
“ NATO commanders fear neighbouring Pakistan and Iran are fuelling the insurgency . ”
Do you find that interesting Shamir ? Suspicious even ? Is it possible that a reasonable person could make a tenuous link between the hint that Iran is involved in the increased attacks on US troops in Afghanistan and the incessant sabre-rattling from both the US and Israel over a threatened attack on Iran ?
But we could read on a little further and learn that : “ the Taliban have caused growing carnage with a massive escalation of their roadside bombing campaign , which has killed more than 2,000 civilians to date. ” So we understand that the ‘ Taliban ' are to blame for the vast majority of civilian deaths , while “ coalition forces ” are responsible for “ at least 195 civilians killed [ … ] and 174 wounded , in total ”
Thanks to the documents and the Guardian then , we now know that the ‘ Taliban ' are the real aggressors in Afghanistan . It was much the same with Iraq after all . While not everyone knows that well over 1 million Iraqis have been killed in the last 7 years , most people know that ‘ civil war ' is to blame . As a result , everyone also understands that , when the white devils invade a Middle Eastern or S.E . Asian country , local military strategy stipulates that the best way for the host nation 's population to defeat the invader is to wage war on each other . Those Arabs and Asians must be a bit crazy , eh ? But hey , it makes sense to the Western mind !
On the Guardian 's interactive war-logs page , we are treated to a cornucopia of videos and flash pages , all very pleasing to eye but none providing any more substance than that written in black and white print . The emphasis on Iran and Pakistan as the real problem is hard to miss . In an editorial entitled : Afghanistan war logs : the unvarnished picture , we are informed that :
“ In these documents , Iran 's and Pakistan 's intelligence agencies run riot . Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) is linked to some of the war 's most notorious commanders . The ISI is alleged to have sent 1,000 motorbikes to the warlord Jalaluddin Haqqani for suicide attacks in Khost and Logar provinces ”
Are you getting the picture yet ?
Under “ latest news ” in the ‘ War logs ' section , the Guardian reports what you mention in your defence of Wikileaks , that Reporters Without Borders has accused WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange of “ incredible irresponsibility ” over the leaked documents .
The accusation is inane and baseless , as you note , but I am more interested in how this attack on Assange ( and indirectly on The Guardian for publishing the documents ) , serves to convince an increasingly disgruntled public that these documents , and the Guardian 's analysis of them , are the ‘ real deal ' . Are we really at last seeing a little honest-to-god mainstream journalism ?
I have sifted through the 92,000 documents , and based on the details therein , I agree with the Guardian 's analysis of their overall message – Iran and Pakistan and the ‘ Taliban ' are evil and responsible for most of the deaths in Afghanistan . For sure , US troops are trigger happy at times , but who can blame them ? War is hell after all ! And to be honest , who can blame them for going after the bad guys… ” dead or alive ! ”
Do you agree with this assessment of the root causes of the problems facing Afghanistan and the Afghan people today ? More importantly , is the general public now more convinced that this perspective is an accurate one because it comes from the ‘ secret documents ' of Whistle blowers ?
Yesterday , for a while , Assange was accused of ‘ rape and molestation ' by the Swedish public prosecutor . Assange was in Sweden last week . Within a few hours the charges were dropped however . Interestingly , Wikileaks is in the process of moving its operations to Sweden . Would you believe me if I suggested that the rape allegation was possibly a case of ‘ reverse psychology ' ? That someone , somewhere , with considerable influence , flirted with the idea of accusing Assange in order to lend credence to the idea that ‘ they ' are out to get him and thereby set in stone his and Wikileaks ' image as true champions of the people ? Or do you demand that our world be more prosaic , and that the wayward son a Saudi royal really was the mastermind behind the incredibly complex 9/11 attacks ?
I am not , however , totally convinced that we are dealing with some grand conspiracy involving Reporters Without Borders , the CIA , the White House , the Pentagon and the Guardian , etc . mainly because a conspiracy is not necessary . If we simply take the US National Security State apparatus , the US military command structure , the illegal invasion and occupation of a sovereign S.E . Asian state , throw in some for-profit newspapers and a well-meaning , somewhat naive and impressionable 29-year old hacker , and a public starving for something real but who must be kept on a diet of half-truths and hollow hopes , we have all the ingredients we need for a controversial issue . The result can look like a conspiracy , when in fact it is just another day 's news in the mixtus orbis that is 2010 planet earth – that is to say , the unfiltered Truth is seldom seen , and increasingly , in these increasingly desperate times , when it does chance to poke its head above the parapet , it very often treads on the toes of those emotionally invested in the idea that there can be any real positive change in our world without the conscious , active participation of all , or at least a majority .
Regards
Joe Quinn
Editor
Sott.net
Shamir responded to my letter :
Dear Joe , probably we 'll have to work hard to achieve ‘ sea-change ' you and I wish to have . Wikileaks is just one of the tools , not a magic wand . Did they deliver some impressive news ? Yes . The US pays in cash to Iraqi and Afghani media for positive coverage . For journalists this is important news . They released hundreds of names of the US agents . The hit squad is not to be pooh-poohed , either . It was never published in the US , only in the UK and Germany . Wikileaks Afghan stuff is raw data , it has to be processed to become acceptable . The bias , as I 've said , is that of newspapers that process , but you can also process the stuff if you are willing . Julian Assange is definitely not 29-year old somewhat naïve hacker – he is 39 and quite astute . And your question about Osama , I presume is facile – my view was expressed on September 12 , 2001 in the piece called Orient Express
I respect Israel Shamir and his significant efforts in service to the truth , but his myopia over the Wikileaks documents and his response to my comments is a little depressing . The release of names of US agents ( informers ) in Afghanistan is not news because it tells is something we already knew : that the US military uses informers in Afghanistan . Of what value to the anti-war movement is the additional detail of their names ? The ‘ Taliban ' , on the other hand , have apparently shown great interest . So who is that a score for ? You and me , Wikileaks , The Taliban , or the US military ?
Shamir 's suggestion to “ process ” the raw data is equally unhelpful . We have processed it . It tells us that Iran and Pakistan are the bad guys and the US is killing civilians in Afghanistan , but not as many as the Taliban . I can read than on CNN .
The news of ‘ hit squads ' is old news . 7 years ago the Guardian informed us that not only were US ‘ hit squads ' operating in Iraq , but that they were being trained by the Israelis ! And in any case , is the idea that ‘ hit squads ' are being used to track down the evil ‘ Taliban ' in Afghanistan more appalling than the fact , splashed across American broadsheets earlier this year , that Obama signed a bill earlier this year authorizing the assassination of an American citizen by the CIA ? ?
That the US pays the Iraqi and Afghan media for positive coverage is not only old news , it 's only half the story . Has Shamir forgotten the Lincoln Group and the precocious Christian Bailey ? The Lincoln group won ( read : was awarded ) a $ 100 Million contract to essentially control the entire Iraqi media via its own ‘ Iraqi ' publications and monopolizing the advertising industry . All of these details have been carried by the mainstream press starting in 2005 .
I can only conclude that Shamir has n't been keeping up with the news , because all , and I mean ALL of the important information in the Wikileaks documents has been available from outlets like the Washington Post , etc . for many years . So I 'm faced with a dilemma ; either I go to the Washington Post from now on for all the Pentagon 's dirty secrets , or I do n't believe the hype around the Wikileaks documents .
As for 9/11 , I 'm disheartened that , in the nine intervening years , Shamir appears not to have accepted any new data about what really happened on 9/11 .
reddit
Advertisements
Donald Trump won a sweeping victory in the Indiana Republican primary . Here 's how . ( Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post )
Politico reported today on a Florida poll conducted for a business group in the state that shows Hillary Clinton beating Donald Trump by 13 points and Ted Cruz by nine .
Why is that important ? Because if Clinton wins Florida and carries the 19 states ( plus D.C. ) that have voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in each of the last six elections , she will be the 45th president . It 's that simple .
Here 's what that map would look like :
And here 's the underlying math . If Clinton wins the 19 states ( and D.C. ) that every Democratic nominee has won from 1992 to 2012 , she has 242 electoral votes . Add Florida 's 29 and you get 271 . Game over .
The Republican map — whether with Trump , Cruz or the ideal Republican nominee ( Paul Ryan ? ) as the standard-bearer — is decidedly less friendly . There are 13 states that have gone for the GOP presidential nominee in each of the last six elections . But they only total 102 electorate votes . That means the eventual nominee has to find , at least , 168 more electoral votes to get to 270 . Which is a hell of a lot harder than finding 28 electoral votes .
Many Republicans — particularly in Washington — are already preparing to blame a loss this fall , which many of them view as inevitable , on the divisiveness of Trump . That 's not entirely fair to Trump , though .
While his dismal numbers among women and Hispanics , to name two groups , do n't help matters and could — in a worst-case scenario for Republicans — put states such as Arizona and even Utah in play for Democrats , the map problems that face the GOP have very , very little to do with Trump or even Cruz .
[ VIDEO : These 10 states will decide whether Trump is the GOP nominee ]
Instead they are , largely , demographic problems centered on the GOP 's inability to win any large swath of nonwhite voters . New Mexico , a state in which almost half the population is Latino , is the ur-example here . In 2004 , George W. Bush won the Land of Enchantment in his bid for a second term . ( His margin over John Kerry was 588 votes . ) Eight years later , Barack Obama won the state by 10 points over Mitt Romney ; neither side targeted it in any meaningful way .
What has become increasingly clear is that any state with a large or growing nonwhite population has become more and more difficult for Republicans to win . Virginia and North Carolina , long Republican strongholds , have moved closer and closer to Democrats of late . ( Obama won both states in 2008 and carried Virginia in 2012 . )
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party 's convention in Cleveland . Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party 's convention in Cleveland . Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami . Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
At the same time as these states have grown friendlier to Democrats , there are very few states that are growing increasingly Republican . Wisconsin and Minnesota are two , but neither is moving rapidly in Republicans ' favor just yet .
What you are left with then is an electoral map in which the Democratic nominee begins at a significant advantage over the Republican one . ( It is the obverse of the massive Republican electoral college edge of the 1980s . ) And that edge is totally distinct from any individual candidate and his/her strengths or weaknesses . Yes , Trump as the nominee is more problematic than Ryan as the nominee , but the idea that Ryan would start the general election with a coin-flip chance of being elected president is just wrong .
The Republican map problem goes deeper than Trump — or any one candidate . Blaming Trump for a loss this November not only misses the point but could ensure that Republicans are doomed to repeat history in 2020 .
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 10 celebrities who say they 'll leave the U.S. if Donald Trump is elected president View Photos From Jon Stewart to Cher , some said they 'd move to Canada , but some preferred another planet . Caption From Jon Stewart to Cher , some said they 'd move to Canada , but some preferred another planet . Jon Stewart After the Emmy Awards in September , Stewart was asked whether he 'd consider returning to `` The Daily Show '' if Donald Trump is elected president in 2016 . “ I would consider getting in a rocket and going to another planet because clearly this planet has gone bonkers , '' he said . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Secret emails reveal how ministers plotted with the GM lobbyists : Documents show how two worked together on campaign to win over sceptical consumers
Contacts were part of strategy to relax regulations on controversial crops
They involved civil servants asking for 'eye-catching ' ways to plug GM
Pro-GM lobbyists evens sent Government department a 'blacklist ' of critics
Behind-the-scenes deal revealed by pressure group GeneWatch
Collusion between the Government and the multinational firms behind genetically modified food is revealed in official documents .
Emails between civil servants and the GM industry shows how the two worked together on a media strategy to win over consumers sceptical about so-called Frankenstein Food .
One official even asked lobbyists for ‘ eye-catching themes ' for ministers .
Write caption here
The contacts were part of a wider strategy designed to relax European regulations on growing the controversial crops and spend millions of taxpayers ' money on GM research in British fields .
At one stage the pro-GM partnership between the industry and Whitehall involved creating a blacklist of journalists who had written negative stories about the technology .
Details of the emails have been made public after Freedom of Information requests by lobby group GeneWatch , which said the public would be shocked at the level of collaboration .
Environment Secretary Owen Paterson has pushed for faster approval of new crops and lobbying for public support . Significantly , he decided to lobby the EU to allow biotech crops to be planted in Britain even if they are banned elsewhere .
And Science Minister David Willetts has implemented a pro-GM ‘ Agri-tech ' strategy , which involves spending public money on developing new crops .
Such support from two key government figures represents a coup for the GM industry and follows a meeting with ministers and researchers in 2012 which came up with a series of ‘ to do ' lists .
The email exchanges show the Agriculture and Biotechnology Council ( ABC ) – financed by GM firms such as Monsanto , Syngenta and Bayer CropScience – has been at the heart of developing government policy .
Often these exchanges coincided with major announcements by ministers which shifted Government policy to support GM , despite clear opposition among consumers .
Civil servants hosted a meeting with industry leaders in June 2013 to decide how to present the Government 's Agri-tech strategy .
Officials at the Business , Innovations and Skills ( BIS ) department emailed the ABC asking for advice on how to promote the policy .
One BIS official asked for ‘ any ideas you may have that will showcase Agri-tech – as you are aware it will need to be eye-catching but reflect the main themes of the strategy ' .
BIS created a list of journalists and influential people who should be targeted with information about the new strategy and asked the ABC if it wanted to add any names or flag up ‘ potential pitfalls ' .
The ABC responded by adding some names , but it also highlighted a number of people on the list who had been critical of GM .
The ABC official wrote that he or she had ‘ highlighted in red the journalists who have been negative towards biotech in the past ... just so you are aware ' .
The names have been obscured , so it is impossible to know who was on the blacklist created by the ABC . GeneWatch director Dr Helen Wallace said : ‘ These documents expose government collusion with the GM industry to agree PR messages and blacklist critical journalists . '
A government spokesman said the ABC and the GM industry were among a wide range of groups it consults .
Former president Barack Obama said today that the U.S. is progressing on clean energy policy , despite some rollbacks from the Trump administration .
“ Although because of the current debates taking place in Washington , it may be some of the steps we put in place move more slowly than they otherwise would have , ” Obama said , “ I 'm confident that the U.S. will continue to move in the right direction . ”
Obama was speaking at Seeds & Chips , a global food and innovation summit in Milan , Italy , where he discussed the intersection of climate change and the global food system .
Obama said that the private sector , having made the determination that clean energy is the future , would lead the way . He pointed to fuel efficiency in the auto industry as an example , saying that his administration had set aggressive standards—some of which are subject to change by the current White House . But California , the largest car market in the U.S. , sets its own fuel emission standards , he noted . “ Even if the rules change in Washington , there 's no U.S. automaker that can afford to produce a car that is not fuel efficient to be sold in California , ” he said .
The hour is almost upon us
Obama spoke with urgency about climate change , saying that he had made the issue “ a top priority because I believe of all the challenges we face , this is the one that will define the contours of this century ” more than any other .
“ I do not believe this planet is condemned to ever rising temperatures . I believe these are problems that were caused by man and can be solved by man , ” he said , stressing the need for action . Quoting Martin Luther King Jr. , he said there is such a thing as being too late , and “ when it comes to climate change , the hour is almost upon us . ”
Although Obama only mentioned the Trump administration once in the 90-minute session that included prepared remarks and a Q & A with his one-time senior food policy advisor Sam Kass , the current tenor in Washington clearly informed his comments . During his campaign , President Donald Trump said that he would “ cancel ” the U.S. 's involvement in the Paris climate accord , which Obama brokered . Trump once Tweeted that the concept of global was “ created by and for the Chinese . ”
Obama said that the Paris agreement “ did not set high enough standards to completely solve the problem of climate change , but what it did was put together the architecture , the mechanism , where each year , each country could progressively do more to reduce carbon emission. ” He said that it 's important big countries that are major emitters like the U.S. and China lead the way . “ It 's going to require continuing leadership on all our parts , ” he said . “ No one can sit on the sidelines . ”
Obama said that 99 % of scientists who study climate change carefully “ will tell you that the planet is getting warmer and the only real controversy is how much warmer it will get. ” If the planet warms at the upper end of current projections , “ it would be catastrophic , ” he said . “ At the low end , it will still be very disruptive. ” A three-foot rise in sea level could lead to mass migration , he said . “ The number of refugees that could be resulting from something like that could be unprecedented in human history , ” he said . If we do n't , address these issue , we can anticipate “ not only real threats to food security but increases in conflict as a consequence of scarcity . ”
Getting food producers onboard
Obama highlighted the work that still needs to done in the food system to both ease its impact on the environment and feed a growing planet . “ Although we 've made real progress in becoming more efficient in the energy side , we are actually seeing a continuing increase in the emissions coming out of the agricultural sector , ” he said .
In Obama 's view , one of the reasons why pressure on the food system has lagged the energy sector is that food is an emotional issue and its impact on greenhouse gas emissions has not been publicized . “ People are n't as familiar with the impact of cows and methane , ” he noted—an issue that will only increase as developing nations demand more protein . ( Obama noted that he is a meat eater— ” I respect vegetarians , but I am not one of them , ” he said . )
Key to making progress is taking into account the interests of food producers , Obama said . If you prioritize environmental concerns over their economic interests , they 'll resist , he added .
Obama said he saw major potential in personalized medicine . He pointed to allergies as an example , using one of his daughters who have a peanut allergy to illustrate the point . He said she 's now going through a process at Stanford University , where she 's being evaluated for each nut to determine the type of allergy and severity . He said her doctors can now determine protocols where if she takes a little nut protein in a pill each day , slowly her allergy will be eliminated .
Since his presidency has ended , Obama said that most of his time has been spent writing his third book and building the next phase of his work—the Obama Presidential Center , which is designed to help the next generation of leadership for activism .
The connections made this season by David Ragan might have been as important as the cars he has driven to showcase his talent .
With Michael Waltrip Racing shutting its doors after the Sprint Cup season , Ragan 's NASCAR future is far from certain . He has made a solid impression in qualifying the No . 55 Toyota , earning top-five starting spots in three of the past seven races , but a 12th at Daytona International Speedway has been his best finish since joining MWR three months ago .
It 's been a transient season for Ragan , who started the season-opening Daytona 500 for Front Row Motorsports and followed with a nine-race stint in place of injured Kyle Busch in the No . 18 Toyota of Joe Gibbs Racing .
There are benefits to bouncing around , though , for a driver whose movement was limited for much of his career ( with Roush Fenway Racing from 2006-11 and Front Row from 2012-14 ) .
“ I 've met some new people with these opportunities that I did n't know six months ago , or a year ago , ” he told NASCAR Talk in a Saturday interview before the Irwin Tools Night Race at Bristol Motor Speedway . “ In the NASCAR world , a lot of it is who you know , who has a connection here or there . ”
“ I got to work with ( No . 18 crew chief ) Adam Stevens . Coach Gibbs , a legend in the sports world . I got to know some of the people at ( sponsors ) M & Ms Mars and Interstate Batteries . And got to work with Michael and the Aaron 's team . Some of the Toyota people , I did n't know . I 'd only driven for Ford my entire career . To open that door and see how that works to run their racing program , it 's been eye opening , and I 've really enjoyed it . I 've made some good friends . Some guys who were practically neighbors , and I did n't really know who they were . Definitely , I made some friends I 'll have for life . ”
He also has been exposed to new technology , crediting extra time spent in Toyota Racing Development 's simulator with helping fine-tune his setups to arrive at the track better prepared ( and in better position to qualify well ) .
Ragan said there are no regrets about leaving Front Row ( where he won at Talladega Superspeedway in May 2013 ) because he was n't guaranteed sponsorship for a full season .
“ If it had been a full-time deal , then I would have signed up for that at the beginning of the year , ” he said . “ I would n't have left . But at the time , I did n't know , and it allowed me to do something different .
“ I 'm a lot smarter driver than I was six months ago because I got to work with some really smart people who have a lot of resources at their disposal . It 's helped me be a better driver for whatever that next situation may bring . ”
Ragan would like to remain in the Sprint Cup Series but said he would consider a competitive ride in the Xfinity or Camping World Truck series .
“ Where I 'm at in my career , it 's more about being competitive than just making a paycheck or being a Sprint Cup driver , ” said Ragan , who has two Cup wins and has driven full time in the series since 2007 . “ I do n't want to be in a position where I 'm 35th in qualifying , and you finish 30th every week . That 's no fun . It 's a way to make a living and stay involved , and it 's better than the alternative of nothing , but I do n't want to be in that position .
“ So I 'll try really hard to try to find something competitive in one of the top three series where I feel like I can go out and win some races and race for a championship . ”
A key could be bringing sponsorship . Aaron 's , which backs the No . 55 , has n't decided on its 2016 plans but said “ NASCAR will be an important part of our future ” in a release last week .
Would the Atlanta-based company be interested in staying with a driver from Unadilla , Ga. ?
“ There may be a chance , ” Ragan said . “ I 'm sure they 've got a lot of things they 've got to go through and a process that involves looking at their program and what kind of money they spend and where .
“ I hope I have a good chance to make my case and to be with them in the future . They 're a great company . They 've been around NASCAR for a long time . ”
Ragan , who turns 30 in December , is hoping to stick around for a while , too . He hopes that posting solid results alongside championship-caliber teammates such as Denny Hamlin , Carl Edwards , Matt Kenseth and Clint Bowyer will help make his case .
“ Hopefully , it 's that David Ragan is a good driver and good spokesperson who takes care of his equipment and can get out of a race car what one of the best drivers can , ” he said . “ I 've had some of the best teammates in the garage . I 've held my own and did well and have done a good job being a teammate . Hopefully that will take notice around the garage .
“ Having that right program that is funded ( with ) good employees , good manufacturing support and a good driver . You have to have everything come together . Hopefully I can be a part of one of those puzzles somewhere . ”
In their new study , “ The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act : Public Sector Jobs Saved , Private Sector Jobs Forestalled , ” economists Timothy Conley ( University of Western Ontario ) and Bill Dupor ( Ohio State University ) present their empirical findings of the economic impact on employment of the 2009 Obama stimulus package of $ 787 billion , entitled the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) . ARRA was passed based on Keynesian economic theory that claimed that massive federal spending would boost the economy of the Great Recession and create private-sector jobs . However , Conley and Dupor find the following :
Our benchmark results suggest that the ARRA created/saved approximately 450 thousand state and local government jobs and destroyed/forestalled roughly one million private sector jobs . State and local government jobs were saved because ARRA funds were largely used to offset state revenue shortfalls and Medicaid increases rather than boost private sector employment . The majority of destroyed/forestalled jobs were in growth industries including health , education , professional and business services . This suggests the possibility that , in absence of the ARRA , many government workers ( on average relatively well-educated ) would have found private-sector employment had their jobs not been saved . Searching across alternative model speciﬁcations , the best-case scenario for an effectual ARRA has the Act creating/saving a net 659 thousand jobs , mainly in government .
Conley and Dupor further note that :
A large fraction of the Federal ARRA dollars was channeled through and controlled by state and local governments . . . . Upon acquisition of ARRA funds for a speciﬁc purpose , a state or local government could cut its own expenditure on that purpose . As a result , these governments could treat the ARRA dollars as general revenue , i.e . the dollars were effectively fungible . . . . Federal aid arrived when state and local governments were entering into budget crises . . . . The deterioration of the non-Federal government budget position occurred concurrently with an increase in Federal grants . . , mainly due to the ARRA , of approximately the same amount . In fact , a substantial component of the ARRA was authorized speciﬁcally to cover states ' tax losses ( through the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund ) and the most dramatic cost increases ( through support for state Medicaid programs ) .
These federal policies were inspired by the similarly harmful policies of FDR in his New Deal of the 1930s . However in his book , Depression , War , and Cold War : Challenging the Myths of Conflict and Prosperity , Independent Institute Senior Fellow Robert Higgs has shown that federal stimulus measures then were responsible for prolonging and deepening the Great Depression which did not end until after such policies were ended in the immediate aftermath of World War II .
Tags : American History , American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , Bailouts , Bill Dupor , Budget and Tax Policy , Business , Corporatism , Economics , Employment , federal spending , Government subsidies , government workers , Great Recession , Healthcare , Keynesian economics , Labor , Mercantilism , Money and Banking , National Income , political pork , Presidential Power , private sector employment , State Fiscal Stabilization Fund , Timothy Conley , Unemployment , Welfare
Washington , Jun 4 : A NASA astronaut will enter the first human-rated expandable module deployed in space to investigate the potential challenges and benefits of such habitats for deep space exploration and commercial low-Earth orbit applications . Jeff Williams ' entry on Monday will mark the beginning of a two-year data collection process . He will take an air sample , place caps on the now closed ascent vent valves , install ducting to assist in Bigelow Expandable Activity Module ( BEAM 's ) air circulation , retrieve deployment data sensors and manually open the tanks used for pressurisation to ensure all of the air has been released , a NASA statement said . ( Also Read : NASA inflates flexible spare room called BEAM , in space ! )
Jeff will then install sensors over the following two days that will be used for the project 's primary task of gathering data on how an expandable habitat performs in the thermal environment of space , and how it reacts to radiation , micrometeoroids and orbital debris . During BEAM 's test period , the module typically will be closed off to the rest of the space station . Astronauts will enter the module three to four times each year to collect temperature , pressure and radiation data , and to assess its structural condition , NASA said . After two years of monitoring , the current plan is to jettison the BEAM from the space station to burn up on re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere .
Expandable habitats are designed to take up less room when being launched but provide greater volume for living and working in space once expanded , NASA said . This first test of an expandable module will allow scientists to gauge how well the habitat performs and specifically , how well it protects against solar radiation , space debris and the temperature extremes of space . Launched on April 8 aboard a SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida , the BEAM was attached to the International Space Station 's Tranquility module about a week later , NASA said .
CANADA FALLS TO NO . 3 RANKED SPAIN , 68-57
The Women 's National Team battled hard against one of the world 's best , falling to Spain 68-57 in Logrono , Spain .
`` This was an awesome game for us to be able to measure ourselves against one of the best teams in the world . I was really proud of how our team performed today , ''  said head coach Lisa Thomaidis . `` In comparison to when we played Spain last year , we probably did n't feel like we were in the same league as them . Today , we had some really strong performances and we battled right to the end . `` 
Kim Gaucher was the standout for Team Canada , pouring in a team-high 13 points along with three rebounds and four assists . Miranda Ayim scored 13 as well . Spain 's Astou Ndour scored a game-high 17 points to lead the host side to a win . Full box score available here .
The first quarter was tightly contested . Canada came out attacking the 2-3 defence of Spain , moving the ball well to get good looks at the rim . Spain would capitalize on turnovers though , allowing them score easily in transition . The two teams were tied at 16 after 10 minutes of play .
It was a similar trend to begin the second quarter . But three minutes into the period , Spain began a 8-0 run , holding Canada scoreless for four minutes of play . Turnovers hurt Canada as the team struggled to attack the zone defence . Spain led 43-32 at half .
Team Canada could not find their rhythm in the third either . Spain continued to pass the ball well and get open looks , pushing their lead to 56-40 after the third quarter .
Canada made a run in the fourth quarter to put some pressure on the host side , bringing the deficit to 9 with 3:44 remaining . Spain would weather the Canadian run and close out the game to win , 68-57 .
`` It was a great opportunity to test ourselves against one of the top teams in the world . Our turnovers and their offensive rebounds cost us early in the game . It 's a great learning lesson , '' said Gaucher .
The loss was Canada 's first of the European exhibition tour . The Women 's National Team went 2-1 during the Spain exhibition stop .
Now , Canada heads to France for their next set of exhibition games against Poland , Italy and France . The first game is against Poland on June 3 , with tip off scheduled for 12:00 p.m. EST . Information about live stats will be shared through @ CanBball and facebook.com/CanadaBasketball .
For full roster and exhibition schedule : http : //www.basketball.ca/en/team_programs/womens-team
Ceci est disponible egalement en francais . Contactez Bailey Williams ci-dessous pour l'obtenir .
For more information , please contact :
Bailey Williams
Manager , Communications
E-mail : bwilliams @ basketball.ca
Cell : 647-460-7976
chair ring JavaScript performance comparison
Preparation code < script >
Benchmark . prototype . setup = function ( ) {
if ( ! Array .prototype.filter ) { Array .prototype.filter = function ( fun / * , thisp * / ) { ; if ( this == null ) throw new TypeError ( ) ; var t = Object ( this ) ; var len = t.length > > > 0 ; if ( typeof fun ! = `` function '' ) throw new TypeError ( ) ; var res = [ ] ; var thisp = arguments [ 1 ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < len ; i++ ) { if ( i in t ) { var val = t [ i ] ; if ( fun.call ( thisp , val , i , t ) ) res.push ( val ) ; } } return res ; } ; }
} ;
< / script >
Test runner Warning ! For accurate results , please disable Firebug before running the tests . ( Why ? ) Java applet disabled . To run the tests , please enable JavaScript and reload the page . Testing in Other 0.0.0 / Other 0.0.0 Test Ops/sec array var chairArr = [ ] ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < = 100 ; i++ ) chairArr.push ( i ) ; var odd = 0 ; while ( chairArr.length > 1 ) { var last = chairArr.length ; chairArr = chairArr.filter ( function ( val , ind ) { return ( ind + odd ) % 2 } ) ; odd += last ; } chairArr [ 0 ] ; pending… custom data structure var start = { num : 1 } ; var one = start ; for ( var i = 2 ; i < = 100 ; i++ ) { var temp = { num : i } ; start.next = temp ; start = temp ; } start.next = one ; one = null ; while ( start.next ! = start ) { start.next = start.next.next ; start = start.next ; } start.num ; pending… array sol'n 2 var chairArr = [ ] ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < = 100 ; i++ ) chairArr.push ( i ) ; for ( i = 1 ; i < chairArr.length ; i+= 2 ) chairArr.push ( chairArr [ i ] ) ; chairArr.pop ( ) ; pending…
Activists who have failed miserably over the last decade to end homelessness are losing their power to average citizens and boy are they mad . So mad , in fact , that they resort to bizarre attacks and willful mischaracterizations in an effort to bully people from speaking out .
On Friday , after council members such as Mike O'Brien played defense on very poorly written homeless legislation that provides a new right to camp at parks , the public got to speak . While there were moments of shouting , the majority of Seattleites who spoke out against the radical ACLU-inspired plan spoke passionately and from the heart . They had a legitimate concern over both their safety and the safety of the homeless when some activists seem content casting them aside to live on the streets in filth .
Some activists hate not having control of meetings ; they hate not being able to monopolize the conversations . So , they attack . And it 's almost like they 're coordinating their attacks .
One activist pretended the scene was like a Trump rally , complaining that the activists were akin to anti-Muslim bigots . He went on to downplay the number of people who showed up and claimed they do n't really represent the voice of the city ( after all , they do n't support his views , so they must not represent the city ! ) .
Similarly , another activist said these voices speaking out against the legislation do n't represent much more than “ very agitated people ” before laughably claiming “ they were screaming and shouting down council members in a way that I found , frankly , very uncivil and very reminiscent of certain rallies that have been happening at the national level. ” She ended up walking back what appeared to be an obvious claim of comparing this to a Trump rally .
Let 's push aside this revisionist characterization of the meeting and focus on the hypocrisy of it all . Progressive activists routinely show up and shout down council members , too often forcing the council into recess because they 've taken over , wo n't follow rules , and wo n't respect speech . And they 're small in numbers . Yet , somehow , those people represent the average citizen ? Nice try .
The people who show up to these meetings almost never represent the average person because the average person has a job . They 're not bused in by activist groups , they 're not professional activists ; the average Seattleite is a mom or dad , husband or wife , who works hard at their job and spends their free time devoted to their families . The Council holds public comments in the middle of the day ; it 's a system professional activists can use to give the appearance of being a representative voice of Seattleites . The ones who took time from work to show up on Friday actually represent the voices of Seattle . They were so fed up by what this legislation would mean , they were driven to finally speak up in a nearly unifying voice to say NO to the homeless living in the parks the Council just used to justify yet another tax on all of us .
The activists in the community are getting desperate , and when they get desperate , they go on the attack . You can see on Twitter daily . Loud-mouthed , mean-spirited , arrogant activists surround themselves with their activist friends and they seek out diverse voices to bully and silence .
But now people are standing up to the attacks because they realize that some of these very activists have been working this issue for the last ten years . What happened during the 10-year plan to end homelessness ? It 's gotten worse and we 're all sick of it . And because we 're about to take away the power these people have had for so long , they 're lashing out .
Let them . Let them call you names ; let them lie about you ; let them tweet snarkily at you . It 's okay . If we keep up this fight , if we continue to show up to meetings , if we finally tell politicians like Mike O'Brien that we 're not going to keep putting them in office despite their track record of botched results , we 'll win , we 'll stop bad legislation , and we 'll get one step closer to actually solving homelessness .
​
Protesters hoist signs on Tuesday in front of the media tents on Day 2 of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . Daniel Slim/AFP/Getty Images
PHILADELPHIA—For all the attention and oxygen consumed by the “ Bernie or Bust ” movement in coverage of the Democratic National Convention , they are in fact a distinct minority of the Vermont senator 's supporters . Depending on the poll , for instance , Hillary Clinton is winning between 65 percent and 90 percent of all Bernie Sanders supporters .
That the Bernie or Bust crowd is unrepresentative , however , does n't make it uninteresting . I spent time on Tuesday talking to the most vocal of the pro-Bernie protesters at the DNC . In each of my conversations , about a dozen total , a theme emerged . They did n't want a President Trump , but they also did n't think Hillary Clinton could win the election . They wanted superdelegates to overturn the primary results and hand the nomination to Sanders . They thought Green Party candidate Jill Stein was a strong alternative . They were most concerned with corruption and the influence of money in politics . They thought the Democratic National Committee had rigged the primaries , full stop , and that Sanders was working against the party and the media . And , somewhat surprisingly , they were big fans of President Obama .
One of them , a 26-year-old Sanders delegate from Atlanta named Scott Brown , spoke at length about his stance , which was emblematic of the “ Bernie or Bust ” protesters I spoke to . Here is an abridged and edited transcript .
I see you 're carrying a “ Bernie or Bust ” sign . Can you tell me a little about that ?
We just got back from a rally of almost 500 or a 1000 people at City Hall . They had a concert , they had comedians , they had speakers . Hundreds of people were carrying these signs—they were all Bernie or Bust . People in here do n't understand : Hillary is n't going to beat Trump . Bernie is the one who we know is going to beat Trump . Clinton is down in the polls right now , and it 's scary . Why would you gamble on that ?
At this point it 's up to the superdelegates . Neither candidate reached the pledged delegate threshold , so they have to decide .
You 're wearing a “ Black Lives Matter ” T-shirt . Hillary Clinton won the large majority of black voters in the primary . Have you thought at all what it may seem like to those voters for superdelegates to take the nomination from their preferred candidate ? Do black votes matter ?
I think if we want to beat Trump , we need to pick the candidate who can clearly beat him . I 'm wearing this shirt because a bunch of others is . I 'm a Black Lives Matter activist , and I 'm wearing this shirt because of that .
Yeah , I 'm just wondering if you see any tension ?
That 's the system we have . This whole time superdelegates have been lending to the narrative that Hillary 's nomination is inevitable .
Although there has never been a case where superdelegates have gone against the winner .
Yes , but they can do it . And there 's one candidate who can whomp Trump .
So , Bernie Sanders disagrees with this .
I disagree with Bernie about some things .
I guess I 'll try to ask again , do you see any tension between supporting Black Lives Matter and supporting minority voters , and also , “ We want superdelegates to take the nomination away from the candidate those voters supported ? ”
When you put it like that , no , because the other candidate is better on those issues . As far as general fairness , I 'd say there is some general tension , but the reality is nonwhite supporters of Bernie Sanders have been largely ignored . And I see this from our black delegates . They are just overlooked .
And a lot of this is the Democratic Party overlooking poor people , many of which are nonwhite people . You go to Atlanta , I 've knocked on those doors . I do n't think the Democratic Party has . My friend who gave me this shirt , he 's knocked on those doors . The Democratic Party never has . There are just a lot of black people who are not involved in the process . And you know , the younger black vote mostly went to Bernie .
Can I ask if you voted in 2008 ?
Yes .
2012 ?
Yes .
Who did you vote for ?
I voted for Obama in 2008 and Jill Stein in 2012 .
Why did you vote for Stein ?
I was involved in the Occupy movement and that was the point where I was fed up with the Democratic Party . They are largely responsible for the financial crisis . Republicans , too , but Republicans are always at fault . They are always bad . We just have to accept that . The Democratic Party is the one we have to make better and make this country better .
Bill Clinton helped push the deregulation that led to the financial crisis . And here in Atlanta , we had a Democratic mayor led by a Democratic president who with a bunch of cities and mayors on the same night conducted evictions in the parks . I was arrested that night by a Democratic mayor , protesting a financial crash caused by a Democratic president , while a Democratic president ordered our arrest . He used our rhetoric but did n't put any bankers in jail . I 'm just fed up with the way corporations run our government .
I like Obama . I like him better in his second term than his first . I wish he could have a third term at this point . If it 's not going to be Bernie , I wish it could be Obama .
So question : Bernie says Hillary Clinton is the best person to further his agenda . Obama says she 's the best person to further his agenda , so … ?
The way I look at it is if we keep voting for a lesser evil …
Was Obama a lesser evil ?
A little bit . In '08 we did n't know . He was really inspiring . A little bit in 2012 I saw him as that . I 'd say he 's 50–50 . I would n't call him a lesser evil , but I would n't call him overall good . He 's one of my favorite presidents , I think he 's probably the best president , but that 's a low bar .
What I 'm really concerned about is someone who is going to do something real about the influence of money in politics . When you take millions of dollars from Wall Street before you run for president and deny that it has any influence on you , that 's fundamentally misleading and that 's the problem with our political system .
I 'm going to circle back to what I asked earlier . So , you think Obama is 50–50 . You think he 's probably the best president of your lifetime . You 're a big Bernie supporter . Everyone who has endorsed or supported both Obama and Bernie say , if you care about these issues at all , the best available choice is to support Hillary Clinton . You seem to know this and recognize this . I ca n't seem to understand why you ca n't make the leap ?
Well , one , it 's rubber-stamping everything that happened in this election . Which , you know , we 've talked a little about . The media coverage , the DNC skewing the election . But I think the larger thing is that the Democrats ignore cynics . And cynics are one of the largest political groups in our country . They are totally ignored because they do n't vote . Because they do n't have faith in our political system , because we have candidates that take millions of dollars from Wall Street and say it does n't affect them . You think people believe them ? I was just outside with thousands of people screaming “ Bernie or Bust. ” I 'm in here representing them .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
# DONTDRINKBALLAST
Revolution League 🗽 Blocked Unblock FFollowMar 15 , 2017
“ Voting with your wallet ” is very effective . From the Montgomery Bus Boycott of the mid '50s to the United Farm Workers ' grape boycott against the Delano growers in the late '60s to the Gay Liberation Movement 's Boycott of Coors Beer in the '70s ( to this day , you still wo n't find a gay bar serving Coors ! ) , financial pressure is real pressure , and corporations will do anything to ease the pain .
Ballast Point is an up-and-coming craft beer owned by Constellation Brands , but their profits do n't just go back into the company . Ballast Point 's owners make huge political donations every election . In 2016 alone , Constellation Brands PAC donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the campaigns and PACs of Paul Ryan , House Majority leader Kevin McCarthy , and many of their Republican colleagues .
Ballast Point 's owners raised more money in 2016 than in any of the past five elections , and they are already gearing up to help Republicans win the crucial 2018 midterms . Constellation Brands PAC is listed as “ Vice Chair ” of Paul Ryan 's upcoming Chicago fundraiser ( when the Speaker of the House hopes to raise $ 2 million in one night ) . The invitation to the fundraiser , an event that plans to sell special access to Paul Ryan for $ 50,000 , shows Constellation Brands ' name printed at the top .
Are Ballast Point and Constellation Brands supporting Republicans because they are a conservative corporation ?
Constellation Brands is actually testing the waters on the other side of the aisle . Illinois Senator Tammy Duckworth 's “ Victory Fund ” PAC received $ 5,000 , and Illinois Democratic House Reps Danny K. Davis , Mike Quigley , Daniel Lipinski , and Robin Kelly received a combined $ 6,500 from the makers of Ballast Point .
So , why does Ballast Point put so much money into politics ? What are they after ?
We do n't know the full answer right now , but we can demand answers . Because Ballast Point Beer and Constellation Brands have chosen to align themselves with Paul Ryan , a politician who has repeatedly promised to shred the social safety net in the service of ever-larger tax cuts for billionaires , The Revolution League would like to ask Ballast Point and Constellation Brands these questions :
1 . Knowing what you know about Paul Ryan 's desire to endanger senior citizens , children , retirees , the poor , and people with pre-existing health conditions , why have you chosen to enthusiastically support his re-election and his programs ?
2 . If you are against Paul Ryan 's policies and what he stands for , what has he or the Trump administration promised your company in exchange for full support of their regressive , inhumane policies ?
3 . How do you think craft beer enthusiasts would respond if they knew you had chosen to ally yourself with an administration that favors the rich , the powerful , and the corporate over small , independent businesses ?
Until Constellation Brands disentangles their future from that of Paul Ryan , The Revolution League is calling on all Chicagoans , Chicago bars , and Chicago liquor stores to
BOYCOTT BALLAST POINT BEER !
# DONTDRINKBALLAST
READ THE LATEST ON THE BOYCOTT HERE
Research for this article was done on OpenSecrets.org . See the Constellation Brands PAC OpenSecrets Profile here
SHARE ON SOCIAL MEDIA
I originally wrote this piece for publication in the next issue of the Industrial Worker , the official magazine of the IWW ( Industrial Workers of the World , an international labor union with a storied history in the North American workers ' movements ) , and I 'm very grateful to hear that it 's been accepted . I 'm very grateful to the friends , comrades , and colleagues that gave me feedback on this , as it was written in a huff after the AFL-CIO announced their support of the Dakota Access Pipeline . Given how intensely # NoDAPL is escalating , I felt it worth publishing now , with slight edits .
September 15th 's announcement that the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations ( AFL-CIO ) supports the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline ( DAPL ) hardly came as a surprise to me , but it definitely did n't lift my spirits about the present state of organized labor in the US . At a time when solidarity and support is needed for one of the most vibrant and powerful indigenous liberation movements of the decade , the federation asked itself “ Which side are you on ? ” , and spoke its answer plainly : with business and its owners .
Any organization committed to an egalitarian society ( or the general survival of the human species , for that matter ) would condemn the pipeline company 's attacks on the water protectors . Any genuine and strong workers ' organization should call on the construction workers to withhold their labor , offer legal support to those that do , and provide what resources it could offer to supporting resistance to scabs and jail support for the water protectors .
But the AFL-CIO is not a genuine workers ' organization , nor has it ever committed itself to egalitarianism . It has a long history of excluding workers from its unions ( people of color , women , communists , unskilled laborers , and immigrants ) , only removing these barriers when the culture surrounding and internal to it faced sufficient challenge from workers and the courts . In recent times the federation supported construction of the Keystone XL pipeline , another environmental catastrophe that would cut through not only swathes of indigenous land , but provide very few long-term jobs for construction workers .
The organization 's behavior seems to be driven by a political orientation to securing better day-to-day working conditions for its already existing union members , without regard for a broader , long-term , and liberatory social vision . “ Social blindness ” ( IWW member Helen Keller 's phrase ) to the devastation of both environment and persons is the only way AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka can conceivably justify backing the construction of a pipeline . Opposition to the construction of a climate bomb being built over the graves of the indigenous water protectors ' ancestors is characterized as “ hold [ ing ] union members ' livelihoods and their families ' financial security hostage to endless delay ” .
When the federation does release documents detailing a strategy or a vision , they read like Democratic Party talking points . The AFL-CIO has attached itself to and merged with the center of the Democratic Party , becoming an appendage of an ever rightward-shifting parliamentary politics , hoping that electoral action in the form of legislation ( eliminating Taft-Hartley , securing anti-discrimination protections for joining a union ) will somehow stop or alleviate unions ' declining membership and create a labor rebirth . Or they believe that politicians like Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton will fight neoliberal cuts to public services and attacks on union rights , when their “ opposition ” mainly consists of an alternative public relations strategy for pursuing the policies that best serve business owners . This is more than a failed strategy for workers : it 's a reactionary one that abandons the workplace as a site of struggle and appeals to a more benevolent-sounding wing of the capitalist state .
In fact , the AFL-CIO is acting on the right wing of Obama : thanks to the pressure placed on the federal government to react to the indigenous coalition 's direct actions , the Obama administration has halted all construction on federal land ( pending a review of environmental impacts ) , invited native leaders to formal talks to have a voice in modifying existing laws , and called on the pipeline company to pause construction . Federation President Richard Trumka is calling on the federal government to reverse that decision , and “ allow construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline to continue . ”
In other words , the labor establishment wants to reject the state 's management strategy for public dissent , and instead opt for a more naked form of exploitation of dispossessed people and their environment . This is not “ pushing politicians ” to adopt policies more beneficial to workers – it 's abandoning any meaningful commitment to the idea that “ an injury to one is an injury to all ” , and doing the work of business owners for them . As my friend Nick Walter helpfully commented , “ This is because at the end of the day the mainstream unions really do believe that the source of wealth is business and commerce rather than the labour of working people . ”
The North American working class , particularly the embattled indigenous resistance in North Dakota , deserves better than the bureaucratic and conservative AFL-CIO . It deserves a labor movement inclusive of all workers and exclusive of capitalists and their state 's security forces , one led by the workers themselves and willing to fight for day-to-day changes on the job and to build long-term revolutionary changes in society at large . It deserves a class unionism across all ethnic , racial , gendered , and national lines , ultimately seeking to abolish class society itself .
The IWW joins with prominent labor organizations ( National Nurses United , New York State Nurses Association , Communication Workers of America , Amalgamated Transit Union , United Electrical Workers , ILWU Local 19 , Oregon Public Employees Union/SEIU Local 503 , California Faculty Association , Labor Coalition for Community Action , and National Writers Association/UAW Local 1891 ) in supporting the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe 's efforts to oppose the pipeline . As rank and file workers , we must reject any business , government , union , or labor federation that calls for collusion with the interests of business and action against dispossessed indigenous people .
Advertisements
Netizens have sent in their votes for 2016 's prettiest girl group visual members ! �
The results seem based on the most well-known , visual member of each group whom also often acts as the group 's center . Are you ready for the results ? �
-
1st Place ( 91,000 votes ) - miss A 's Suzy
2nd Place ( 83,000 votes ) - Girls ' Generation 's YoonA
3rd Place ( 72,000 votes ) - Red Velvet 's Irene
4th Place ( 63,000 votes ) - EXID 's Hani
5th Place ( 62,000 votes ) - A Pink 's Na-Eun
6th Place ( 61,000 votes ) - AOA 's Seolhyun
7th Place ( 49,000 votes ) - 4minute 's HyunA & 2NE1 's Dara
9th Place ( 46,000 votes ) - Nine Muses ' Kyung Li
10th Place ( 45,000 votes ) - Wonder Girls ' Yubin
11th Place ( 36,000 votes ) - Former KARA member Hara
12th Place ( 33,000 votes ) - Brown Eyed Girls ' Ga In
13th Place ( 20,000 votes ) - SISTAR 's Dasom & Rainbow 's Jaekyung
15th Place ( 18,000 votes ) - Girl 's Day 's Minah & T-ara 's Jiyeon
17th Place ( 17,000 votes ) - SECRET 's Sunhwa
-
Mat buildings have many plusses as a result of them being a single unit solved for function , access , daylighting and ventilation and indefinitely repeated . So let 's supersize one and see what happens . The evolution of mat city is undocumented so this fast and loose history is going to have to do .
Around 5,400 BC , the city of Eridu , not too far from Basra in Iraq , is said to have been the world 's first city . Details are sketchy but , give or take a bit of artistic license , this image will give you an idea . Temples came and went but the urban carpet stayed .
The classic Middle Eastern city has access alleys separating clusters of buildings with inner courtyards that solved problems of internal circulation , daylighting and ventilation and also happened to lessen diurnal temperature extremes .
These cities became mat cities when levels began to differentiate according to urban function . This image of Marrakech shows residential usage in airspace superfluous to the illumination and ventilation requirements of the access level . Streets once fully open to the sky become passageways illuminated by lightwells . Streets that are nothing more than a means of getting from A to B do not need to be better lit and ventilated than buildings .
1914 : Futurist City , Mario Chiattone
This looks all fine and Futurist and not all about form and Sant'Elia . Features are :
the identical city block repeated indefinitely
separation of what is presumably residential above from the commercial and retail below
the hierarchical nature of the buildings
the resetting of ground level so pedestrian traffic is separated from vehicular . [ By the looks of that traffic , fellow Futurist Giaccomo Balla should have offered Chiattone some tips on how to represent dynamics of movement . ]
there is elevated pedestrian access on the roofs of what 's probably intended as commercial space
patches of vegetation make that elevated pedestrian access into a public roof garden
Despite the intensification and repetition , it 's still a conventional city but with blocks now separated by not one but two levels of access .
1925 : Le Plan Voisin , Le Corbusier
A decade on , Le Corbusier 's plan for Paris has trees and café chairs but no Paris . Vision , by the way , is an anagram of Voisin , the name of the car manufacturers that sponsored this proposal . Le Corbusier gained more from the relationship than they did as his career took off circa 1930 while the European market for luxury cars tanked .
1924 : Hochhausstadt , Ludwig Hilberseimer
Ludwig Hilberseimer 's Hochhausstadt is said to be a response to Le Corbusier 's Plan Voisin but has more in common with Chiattone 's Futurist City . Instead of building over roads and traffic , Hilberseimer proposes building over all land not being used for them – something that has since come to pass . Blocks housing commercial functions are still separated by streets . They form podiums for multiple residential slabs and re-set the ground level for pedestrian access . Between pairs of redidntial slabs are what looks like amenity courtyards . All city blocks therefore remain divided by streets but all residential buildings are separated by a street and an communal amenity courtyard .
It 's hard to tell what people do in all three of these cities . The high-rise bits are residential but where do people work ? Where do they shop ? What do they do on their day off ? In the 1920s was human existence already reduced to sleeping , working , shopping and having to be somewhere else in a hurry ?
These precursor cities all have residential and commercial activity plus two ways to travel to and from it but the importance given to transportation suggests that many people have needs better satisified elsewhere . This would not occur in a mat city as most functions would be satisfieed with the repeatable unit , reducing the dependence on the automobile . In the 1920s when hardly anyone owned a car , architects – and not just Futurist ones – were excited by autombiles and the idea of rush hour .
The 1970s were another high point in the history of the mat city .
1971 : Megaton City , Superstudio
horizontally repeatable in all directions
Superstudio only gave us the big picture [ and me the inspiration for my extruded PVC tile beach photoshoot – c.f . The Extruded Mat Building . ] Megaton City assumes all human activity is somehow distributed and accommodated within this structure that we imagine encompassing the planet . I 've always admired its clarity of perceiving and depicting human existence and activity as conceptually distinct from Nature ( even though this representation of that autonomy is totally reliant upon Nature for contrast ) . The continuous landscape makes us see the natural spaces not as large courtyards but as land not built over . Be that as it may , I hope being squashed by the megaton force of one 's ceiling as punishment for having a dissenting thought wo n't come to pass . It 's too early to say , but not too soon to start having doubts .
1971 : No-Stop City , Archizoom
From the same 1971 , No-Stop City was an endless interior in which dayligting and ventilation are solved by artificial means . The concept of functional necessity is also removed from the equation by having everything necessary for life and living provided and evenly distributed within that interior . People are free to move elsewhere but there 's little point doing so since it 's the same wherever they go .
Megaton City and No-Stop City make architecture redundant as they do n't articulate the possession of space or things . The same physical framework and contents are repeated endlessly , with only human happiness left for people to work out for themselves . The statement “ Life is what you make it ” is both brutal and optimistic .
This stunning image is from a 2013 AA study titled Hiberseimer Study : Vertical City – Genericalness via Repetition exploring the urban carpet as an exercise in form . Actually owing more to Chiattone than Hilberseimer , it solves the problem of showing us what a urban carpet of the then most expensive building in the world would look like . Anybody knows anything about those roof gardens on top of the Four Seasonses ?
The history of the mat city stopped in 1971 . Ubiquitous development did n't suddenly disappear from the face of the earth but the appearance of it did . The New subUrbanism brought us 1982 's Seaside Florida carpeted with houses for short-term vacation renters all wanting a representation of individuality in a representation of a community .
Me , no . I 'll take the clarity of the mat city anyday , along with the individual and communal responsibility it demands . With that in mind …
La Ville Savoye
The Pilotis Level is the access and service zone . Service industry people live and mostly work in the inhabited pilotis that physically and structurally support The Residential Level .
The Residential Level is up in the air where it can better access sunlight and breezes through Horizontal Windows . Its habitable volume is in the airspace of the Undercroft .
The Roof Gardens on the uppermost level are for resident use .
The Basement Level is for services , storage and distribution .
One La Ville Savoye unit has a density of 32 persons per residential floor which , over four floors , equates to approx . 94,000 per hectare . That 's a lot of people .
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cities_by_population_density
This means only two residential levels would be needed to house the population of Manila at the same density . Four levels would shrink its area by 50 % . Cities with densities of 20,000 persons per hectare could shrink 75 % . This is what the 20,000 persons per km² of Malé looks like .
By Shahee Ilyas – Own work , CC BY-SA 3.0 , https : //commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php ? curid=621195
La Ville Savoye would offer better distributed sunlight if it were on or near The Equator . Its energy density is relatively low since residential levels have bathrooms and kitchens naturally lit and ventilated , meaning all services conduits and pipes can be on external surfaces and not hidden in ducts . It does n't repeat the Metabolist error of having services penetrate the structural core and preventing proper maintenance and making future additions , replacements and reconfigurations messy , if not impossible . Kisho Kurokawa 's 1972 Nakagin Capsule Tower is always used to illustrate the folly of this approach .
SONY DSC
Were it to have been built [ buildable ? ] , Arata Isozaki 's Clusters in the Sky would surely have been a more heroic failure .
Built representations of Metabolist principles such as Kenzo Tange 's 1966 Yamanashi Broadcasting and Press Center or his 1967 Shizuoka Press and Broadcasting Center do n't count as these buildings were merely made strange with contrived gaps but were essentially conventional structures with cores with services in shafts .
Unless it 's a location where pipes freeze or pigeons rule , it makes sense to expose services as tidily as possible . It does n't have to be made into a fetish by painting the cold water pipes blue and so on . [ High-Tech and Post Modernism are both creatures of the same era – the former representing modernity and the latter representing continuity . They are by no means opposites . ] IF we are to consider architecture an art , then the plumbing , utilities and drainage that are unique to it have more right to be used as a criterion for its evaluation as art than say , shape-making does . [ c.f . Making Strange ]
Exposing services is one practical thing we can learn from La Ville Savoye . Much like its namesake , one question it asks but does n't answer is what we want ground level to be . After 7,000 years , our cities remain agglomerations of activity spaces overlooking the streets that access and service them . Streets and their traffic compete for space with pedestrians at ground level , and with buildings for the airspace above .
Not all streets are bad and not all traffic is bad . Streets , after all , are a source of pedestrians and coffee-shop urbanism holds that pedestrian traffic brings Retail and Retail brings Vibrance . Masdar City Phase I showed it was possible to completely separate vehicle traffic at impossibly huge cost and succeeded in making both pedestrian and vehicular precincts lifeless .
Streets do have more important things to do than separate one café from another but their absence needs to be put to better use than merely provide a place to have a sandwich . I 'm not suggesting ornamental traffic , but perhaps we should be asking what kinds of traffic we do n't mind living with and what kinds we do .
Once we know the answer to that , we need to partially build over those streets and make better use of that airspace .
SaveSave
SaveSave
Why The TPP and TTIP Trade Deals May Now Be Dead In The Water
While the TPP has become a lightning rod for labor and other progressive organizations in the United States , the TTIP has slipped mostly under the radar stateside . ( Cool Revolution/ Flickr )
The Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) is dead , at least according to Angela Merkel 's second-in-command . And the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) may not be far behind .
German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said Sunday that “ negotiations with the United States have de facto failed , even though nobody is really admitting it. ” According to Gabriel , who also serves as his country 's economy minister , negotiators from the European Union and United States have failed—despite 14 rounds of talks—to align on any item out of 27 chapters being discussed . Gabriel and his ministry are not directly involved in the negotiations .
EU officials were quick to downplay Sigmar 's statement , saying they hoped to “ close this deal by the end of the year. ” But Gabriel is n't the first to cry foul on the TTIP , which , if enacted , would establish the world 's largest free trade zone between the United States and the EU 's 28 member states . In May , French negotiators threatened to block the agreement . U.S. negotiators have also reportedly been angry over the passage of a similar agreement between Canada and the EU , which included protections U.S. negotiators do n't want included in the TTIP .
Sunday 's TTIP news comes on the heels of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) saying that the Senate would not vote on the TPP in the upcoming lame-duck session of Congress . ( The Obama administration countered , saying it still hopes to pass the deal before the next president takes office . )
Both trade announcements follow years of protests on each side of the Atlantic to fight the TTIP and the TPP , especially from unions and environmental groups .
`` The fact that TTIP has failed is testament to the hundreds of thousands of people who took to the streets to protest against it , the three million people who signed a petition calling for it to be scrapped , and the huge coalition of civil society groups , trade unions , progressive politicians and activists who came together to stop it , ” writes Kevin Smith of Global Justice Now , an organization that has worked to fight TTIP in the United Kingdom .
While the TPP has become a lightning rod for labor and other progressive organizations in the United States , the TTIP has slipped mostly under the radar stateside . That 's partially because talks over it , which began in 2013 , have taken place almost entirely behind closed doors . Among the proposals unearthed are provisions to open European public services to U.S. businesses and to scale back online privacy protections . European groups have also raised the concern that the deal could send jobs from their continent to the United States , where trade unions and labor protections are weaker than in the EU .
Like the TPP , the TTIP would dismantle regulations in areas like banking and the environment by limiting governments ' ability to impose rules on transnational corporations . Both trade deals would further allow the investor-state dispute settlement system , which permits corporations to sue states . ( TransCanada Corp.—the Canadian company behind the now-defunct Keystone XL oil pipeline—is currently seeking $ 15 billion from Washington under a similar NAFTA provision for rejecting the controversial project . )
Though both presidential candidates in the United States have voiced their opposition to the TPP , neither has said much about TTIP . Hillary Clinton changed her tune on the former , which she pushed for as secretary of state . The move is largely seen as a response to dedicated protests from unions and community groups that have been mobilizing to stop the talks since they began , and as a reaction to the fact that both her primary and general election opponents have spoken out aggressively against so-called free trade agreements .
In a letter this month , a coalition of progressive groups including Demand Progress and 350 Action called on Clinton to reject a vote on the TPP in the next session . “ Allowing a lame-duck vote , ” they write , “ would be a tacit admission that corporate interests matter more than the will of the people . ”
Beyond progressive organizations ' fold , though , lies a growing bipartisan resentment of NAFTA-style deals . A poll released in April found that just 17 percent of Germans and 18 percent of Americans support the TTIP—likely not enough to save deals like the TTIP and TPP from a political climate that increasingly sees free trade agreements as anything but free .
The combination of iOS 11 and iPhone X is pushing developers to reconsider many of their interaction paradigms and interface affordances that predated the Super Retina display and drag and drop . In a span of two months , iOS 11 made custom implementations of multiple item selection and reordering effectively obsolete , while the iPhone X now requires apps to embrace its display and novel status bar design .
Overcast 4.0 is a good example of how Apple 's biggest releases of the year impacted apps that needed a lot of work to be updated for the iPhone X and iOS 11 . Released today on the App Store , Overcast 4.0 bears no groundbreaking additions to the experience ; instead , developer Marco Arment focused on design refinements and simplifying the app 's navigation , modernizing Overcast 's appearance and flow while bringing smaller enhancements to the listening and browsing experience .
There are some notable changes in this version – drag and drop is present , albeit in a limited fashion – but Overcast 4.0 is primarily aimed at foundational improvements and laying the groundwork for the future . Despite this `` Snow Leopard approach '' , however , heavy Overcast users should still find the many optimizations as well as the `` by popular demand '' tweaks more than welcome .
The most visible departure from Overcast 3.0 is the replacement of the `` stacked card '' visual metaphor ( of which I was a fan ) with a more traditional horizontal navigation . Show pages and episode details are now always pushed into view from the side of the app ; the Now Playing screen has gone back to the Overcast 2.0 style , abandoning the Apple Music-inspired card design of version 3.0 .
From left to right : Overcast 2.0 , 3.0 , and 4.0 .
According to Arment , these were necessary changes to take advantage of the iPhone X 's screen and increase the reachability of all navigation controls throughout the app . It 's hard to tell without an iPhone X in my hands , but I assume that `` embracing the notch '' with a unified title bar should look better than blocking out the device 's status bar with a black background , which Overcast 's old stacked card UI ( pictured in the image above ) would have done .
There are plenty of design tweaks in Overcast 4.0 that are relatively small in isolation , but add to the experience over time . An episode 's description page now features a play button in the center of the title bar , which makes it easy to start listening without navigating back to the episode list . The Now Playing widget at the bottom of the screen has been slightly redesigned with the inclusion of a chevron that suggests the UI element can be swiped or tapped to open vertically . Swipe gestures on individual episodes use the new full-swipe iOS 11 API to play a subtle tap via the Taptic Engine when you swipe all the way across the cell to delete or download an episode .
Some of the UI tweaks in Overcast 4.0 .
There are dozens of other small optimizations in Overcast , but there are also a couple of new features worth pointing out . In the Nitpicky Details screen in Settings , those who do n't like Overcast 's `` episode bar '' can turn on a One-Tap Play option that immediately plays an episode in a list when tapped , instead of expanding it to reveal contextual actions . When this setting is enabled , the bar can be opened by tapping a downward-facing arrow on the right side of an episode .
When One-Tap Play is enabled ( right ) the info button replaces the share button in the episode bar .
I do n't use One-Tap Play ( I listen to podcasts in Overcast by adding them to a catch-all Queue playlist , so having easier access to the bar is more convenient for me ) , but I know that thousands of users prefer this behavior . It makes sense to make it a Nitpicky Detail in the app for those who want it .
The biggest feature addition to Overcast 4.0 is drag and drop to reorder episodes in a playlist . Thanks to iOS 11 's drag and drop framework , Arment has been able to replace his old custom implementation of episode reordering and adopt a system-wide behavior that is consistent with other iOS 11 apps . On both the iPhone and iPad , you can hold down on an episode in a playlist to lift it up and drop it elsewhere in the current playlist or in another playlist altogether . Native drag and drop means Overcast benefits from all the options Apple baked into the framework : you can pick up multiple episodes at once with multi-select ; dragging does n't block interactions with the rest of the interface ( so you can tap around and open other playlists as you 're holding an episode ) ; and , on the iPad , you can even drag an episode out of Overcast and drop it in another app ( this will export the episode title and URL ) .
Dropping an Overcast episode into Gladys for iPad .
As someone who likes Castro 's triage-based system but prefers Overcast 's audio experience , I find drag and drop support in Overcast particularly effective . In my Queue playlist , I can quickly reorder episodes based on what I want to play next , and I can also pick up multiple episodes at once from the Episodes list and drop them into the Queue without having to tap the 'Add ' button multiple times in a row .
Unfortunately , as also mentioned in Overcast 's release notes , support for drag and drop is extremely basic at this point , especially when compared to a rich implementation of the technology such as Supertop 's . There 's no haptic feedback when reordering episodes , and no custom item previews for in-progress drags ; Overcast does n't visually communicate drop areas with UI highlights ( something that Castro does well with its queue ) , and the app does n't support spring-loading either . And more importantly , you can not pick up episodes from every screen in Overcast : right now , only episodes inside playlists support drag and drop . However , Arment is promising `` more coming later '' for drag and drop in Overcast , which suggests the app 's new foundation should unlock more advanced uses of the feature in the months ahead .
Speaking of drag and drop , Overcast 4.0 turns off 3D Touch by default to avoid possible interference with the long-tap gesture to start dragging episodes . Personally , I never had this kind of problem , but I understand why the difference between a normal long-tap and a 3D Touch press requires fine motor skills that can be an issue for many . There 's a Nitpicky Detail to re-enable 3D Touch to open an episode 's info ; I 've kept it disabled for now as Overcast prominently features an info button to quickly open show notes next to an episode 's title .
Overcast 4.0 may not have a splashy new design or major feature changes , but I believe Arment made a good call in rewriting the app 's UI for iOS 11 and the iPhone X and focusing on refinements and overall polish for now . I 'd rather have Overcast look great on my iPhone X this weekend than wait for months and use it in letterboxed mode .
Overcast 's audio experience continues to be unparalleled ( I 've tried other clients ' versions of Smart Speed ; they do n't sound nearly as good as Overcast 's ) and it feels like , after months of work , Arment has a better foundation to build upon . As I suspected , after my annual stint with Apple 's Podcasts app , Overcast is back on my Home screen , and I 'm excited to see where Arment will take it next .
Overcast 4.0 is available on the App Store .
Watch out for Ruby blocks scope gotcha
benjamin roth Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 19 , 2017
Blocks are probably one of the best parts of Ruby . They bring much of its flexibility and power .
They have their own scope and can be used to create closures .
This lead me to introduce a bug in an app recently . Here is somewhat how the code looked like :
def update
availability.update ( availability_params )
metrics_tracker = MetricsTracker.build_for ( activity )
metrics_tracker.save
if metrics_tracker.trigger_notification ?
# send email to admin
end
# rendering code
end
# code omitted ...
def metrics_tracker
@ metrics_tracker ||= MetricsTracker.new ( current_user )
end
We had a first bug because there was no database transaction . So I did add one :
def update
ApplicationRecord.transaction do # < = added transaction here
availability.update ! ( availability_params )
metrics_tracker = MetricsTracker.build_for ( activity )
metrics_tracker.save !
end
if metrics_tracker.trigger_notification ?
# send email to admin
end
# rendering code
end
But then no more emails were sent to admins… Why ?
Let 's look back at our transaction :
ApplicationRecord.transaction do
availability.update ! ( availability_params )
metrics_tracker = MetricsTracker.build_for ( activity )
metrics_tracker.save !
end
Amid a growing crackdown on dirty engines , the rise of lower-emission vehicles is enough to make petrolheads cry into their beer , but for one Scottish company the move towards more fuel-efficient , environmentally friendly modes of transport around the globe is taking it into numerous new markets .
This year alone , 900 vehicles made by Alexander Dennis , the Falkirk-based bus manufacturer , will be on the road in Hong Kong .
“ Hong Kong has an 18-year vehicle service life . So if you want to know what the market size is going to be next year , look at what they registered 17 years ago .
“ We set out to launch a durable , reliable , value for money , light weight , fuel efficient vehicle . That 's what we did – and that 's why we picked up 80pc of the Hong Kong market . We have used that as a springboard . If you can sell into Hong Kong – with the heat , the humidity , the gradients and general topography , with all those passengers and the 20-hour days – you can pretty much sell anywhere . These vehicles are carrying up to 130 people at peak times .
“ That has got us into Singapore , Malaysia , New Zealand . It 's also got us into active dialogue in Vietnam , Thailand and Indonesia because the double-decker ticks lots of boxes . ”
Robertson is in enthusiastic mood having just announced the launch of three major new double-decker models at one of the European industry 's most important exhibitions in Birmingham .
The new vehicles include two specifically designed for North America and Switzerland , including a £250m order for up to 400 ultra-low height buses to be delivered to Metrolinx in Toronto from next year .
The Swiss order , by PostAuto , the country 's biggest transport operator , is a bridgehead into continental European markets where single deck and so called “ bendy-buses ” , the articulated type , dominate commuter fleets . Deliveries are also scheduled for the latter part of 2016 .
The third machine is a next generation hybrid diesel-electric , born from a technical partnership with BAE Systems .
It will be introduced in London in December by Arriva . Its importance goes further than progressing the cause of green , clean transport ; London is now seen as a seminal transport market watched by other big city decision makers , here and overseas .
Robertson 's ebullient demeanour is further explained by expectations that it will reach hit a milestone of £600m turnover this year , an increase of 20pc .
The company also anticipates a “ significant ” rise in underlying profitability , a large part of which , he says , will fund the company 's ongoing £15m investment programme in research and development .
It is easy to see how headline figures like these can fuel rumour about future ownership changes . “ Nothing is forever , ” Robertson asserts with a neutral tone , confirming that advisers were hired some months ago to help test the market for potential new investors .
`` Hong Kong has an 18-year vehicle service life . So if you want to know what the market size is going to be next year , look at what they registered 17 years ago . `` > Colin Robertson
He owns 11pc of the business . The other current shareholders are Sir Brian Souter and his sister Ann Gloag , co-founders of international transport giant Stagecoach Group , and Sir Angus Grossart , chairman of Edinburgh merchant bank , Noble Grossart .
He adds : “ I guess , 11 years on , [ with ] a company that continues to require capital for investing in new products [ and ] new markets , you have to have the right financial structure to accommodate those growth aspirations . No process has officially kicked off . ”
Alexander Dennis was formed in 2004 when the current owners , together with prominent Scottish entrepreneur Sir David Murray bought the Alexander bus body building business in Falkirk , together with the Dennis bus chassis manufacturing operation based in Guildford , Surrey . The latter , then part of TransBus , had fallen into administration following the collapse of its parent Mayflower Corporation .
The 11-year-old enterprise is now the largest privately owned company in the UK automotive manufacturing industry , employing almost 2,000 people at its sites , including Scarborough 's century-old Plaxton coach brand .
Robertson arrived in 2007 , investing his own money , following 12 years in senior positions with industrial equipment manufacturer Terex Corporation in the US and UK .
“ Tough place to work but I learnt a lot from that stage in life and the share price rose from $ 3 to around $ 100 , which allowed me the opportunity to later invest in Alexander Dennis , ” he recalls .
“ I like to think I have been able to steward us away from some of the tough issues .
“ We 've had a very strong growth phase , both domestically and internationally , as the double-decker has gradually gone from a historically niche British concept to a mainstream one .
“ Fundamentally , they are light in weight , fuel efficient , carry lots of people . And because they do n't take up too much road space and so reduce congestion , the passenger experience is good . It 's become a much more logical and sensible public transit alternative .
“ In the global scale of things the bus market is getting on for around 400,000 units a year , and Alexander Dennis has less than 1pc global market share . We do n't need to register that much more on the needle to continue our growth over the next three to four years . ”
Robertson has adopted a shrewd approach in introducing his star overseas performer , the tri-axle Enviro 500 . The vehicle is its first truly global product , and while Robertson acknowledges that it is costly , a focus on quality , reliability and seating capacity , has helped to draw interest from big fleets in North America and south-east Asia .
Looking West , Robertson has overcome what might have appeared to be significant hurdles . “ We 've done well in North America . Canada has serious height issues which we 've had to contend with and in the US you 've got fundamental issues like Buy America compliance : 60pc of the vehicle needs to be US dollar denominated , it needs to be built in the USA and it needs to go through a gruelling accelerated life test .
“ We 've got through all of that . We 've really focused on walking in our customers ' shoes . The last two to three years has been primarily around the total cost of ownership agenda . Particularly reliability and durability . ”
Using the US as an example , establishing partnerships is part of a “ de-risking ” philosophy that Robertson mentions several times . Describing the plan as “ part of our DNA ” , he agrees it may not offer all of the benefits of full vertical integration , but then it has none of the disadvantages , such as large fixed costs .
For Alexander Dennis , the desired result is a flexible business model . “ The UK is a relatively high-cost market to manufacture and it 's very volatile , ” he continues . “ The last thing I want to do is replicate that model anywhere else in the world .
“ So what we 've tried to do is identify either potential partners who have 'lazy assets ' [ spare capacity ] where we can sweat the manufacturing footprint , or [ situations where ] we have a product that these guys do n't have , but they do have a little black address book that we would kill for , with relationships with all the big buyers . ”
The UK remains the bedrock of the company 's order book , accounting for 50pc of turnover , and comes with its own challenges . “ There is no such thing as a standard product , ” Robertson concludes . “ It is almost Aston Martin bespoke . ”
A strong pound is a potential issue that could affect further overseas deals but Robertson is confident that the efforts the company has made in trying to keep down the total cost of running one of its buses over a lifetime will keep the wheels going round and round .
AT LEAST five clubs appear to have a decision to make on their captain with St Kilda and North Melbourne certain to have a new skipper in 2017 while the Brisbane Lions , Essendon and Gold Coast face decisions on the role .
North Melbourne and St Kilda leaders Andrew Swallow and Nick Riewoldt have both said they will not captain their clubs next season although their AFL careers will continue in 2017 .
Swallow , 29 , led the Kangaroos to consecutive preliminary finals in his 102 games as captain while Riewoldt is a Saints legend , having led the team in 220 games and three Grand Finals ( including the 2010 draw ) .
Jack Ziebell is the obvious successor to Swallow at North Melbourne and the 25-year-old said on Friday his style would not change if he was awarded the title .
`` I 've said publicly before that if I was to captain or I was n't to captain it probably would n't change much of my actions and the way I go about my football , '' Ziebell said .
`` I 'm about trying to help my teammates improve , as well as myself , and drive this footy club to hopefully its next premiership . ''
Swallow steps down as Roos captain
The Saints face a more difficult task given the shoes being filled .
Jarryn Geary , a popular clubman and reliable defender , is the safe choice although dynamic forward Maverick Weller has earned many plaudits for his leadership since joining the club in 2014 and might be a left-field choice for the emerging Saints .
Quiet club champion Jack Steven and youngster Jack Newnes are also contenders for the captaincy while David Armitage remains an outside chance .
Speaking on SEN during the week , football manager Jamie Cox said there was no rush to appoint Riewoldt 's successor . '
`` We 're really pleased that candidates over the last year have started to put their hand up and actually taken Nick to a stage where he 's comfortable in relinquishing the captaincy , '' Cox said .
`` It 's an exciting time for leadership at our club . I think what we 'll do is let it play out for a bit in pre-season and see which one really emerges from the pack . ''
New Brisbane Lions coach Chris Fagan made it clear Tom Rockliff had not been guaranteed the captaincy in 2017 , with the club likely to go through an extensive process to choose its skipper .
Lions ' football manager David Noble said in October the club would open up the leadership positions among the playing group before choosing its skipper .
There appears to be no obvious candidate for the captaincy , although best and fairest winner Dayne Zorko and talented midfielder Dayne Beams are experienced enough to be considered for the role .
Essendon is in a completely different situation to the Lions as they look to choose a skipper after the tumultuous events of the past four seasons .
They appear to face a choice over incumbent Brendon Goddard , who took over the role for one season after Jobe Watson was suspended , Watson himself , and midfield star Dyson Heppell .
Watson has not indicated whether he would be keen to resume the role that he handled so well during a critical time for the club , or whether he would prefer to enjoy football without the responsibility .
Most observers expect the Suns to appoint a young captain to take over from Gary Ablett , who asked the club whether it would consider the possibility of trading him back to Geelong ahead of this year 's trade period , despite having two years remaining on his contract .
The two candidates are key forward Tom Lynch and key defender Steven May . Both players are talented and respected , and could either fill the role as joint captains or have one player carry the skipper 's title with the other being vice-captain .
Western Bulldogs captain Bob Murphy will return to lead the defending premiers when he resumes after missing most of 2016 with a knee injury .
Club captains 2016
Adelaide – Taylor Walker
Brisbane Lions – Tom Rockliff
Carlton – Marc Murphy
Collingwood – Scott Pendlebury
Essendon – Brendon Goddard
Fremantle – David Mundy
Geelong – Joel Selwood
Gold Coast – Gary Ablett
Greater Western Sydney – Phil Davis/Callan Ward
Hawthorn – Luke Hodge
Melbourne – Nathan Jones
North Melbourne – Andrew Swallow
Port Adelaide – Travis Boak
Richmond – Trent Cotchin
St Kilda – Nick Riewoldt
Sydney – Kieren Jack/Jarrad McVeigh
West Coast – Shannon Hurn
Western Bulldogs – Robert Murphy/Easton Wood *
* Easton Wood led the club to the premiership as Murphy was injured .
On U.S. Job market : On the labor market front , the unemployment rate has fallen sharply and at 5.1 % is already through the Fed 's YE 15 forecast . At the same time , however , there has been no uptick in wage growth this year . Hence , on balance , we believe the Fed is likely to convey that labor market slack continues to diminish amid moderate growth .
On inflation : The U.S. inflation should move towards the Fed 's 2 % target and the progress is likely to be more gradual than expected earlier . Further , with market implied breakevens falling sharply over the past few months and a modest drift down in survey expectations over the past few years , some Fed participants may see greater uncertainty to their assumption about the stability of inflation expectations . Against this backdrop , we believe the Fed is likely to wait to gain confidence in the inflation outlook before hiking .
All of these are likely to weigh on the Fed 's 2016 inflation forecasts , which at 1.75 % were already high relative to the Fed staff forecast of 1.6 % at the June meeting .
At the June meeting , as shown in the diagram the Fed forecast real GDP growth of 1.9 % in 2015 , rising to 2.55 % in 2016 and YoY core PCE inflation to rise significantly to 1.75 % by YE-16 from 1.35 % at YE-15 . With growth in the first half now looking better ( at 2.15 % ) , the Fed is likely to increase its 2015 forecast . However , at the same time , the tightening in financial conditions since the June meeting should weigh on 2016 forecasts .
Novelty currency is worth almost three million times less than the crypto-currency flagbearer
Almost twice as many daily crypto-currency transactions are made in Dogecoin than Bitcoin .
The novelty currency , based on the popular Doge meme , sees roughly 90,000 transactions made each day , according to digital currency tracker Bitinfocharts .
In comparison , Bitcoin , seen by many to be the flagbearer for digital currency , sees approximately 54,000 every 24 hours .
The figures equate to about 3,800 and 2,200 transactions made every hour in the DOGE and BTC currencies respectively .
However , the gap between the two currencies ' usage is eclipsed by the difference in their value .
At the time of writing , one Dogecoin is currently worth $ 0.0003042769 while one Bitcoin is worth $ 826.33 ( £503.6 ) – making one Bitcoin worth almost three million times more than one Dogecoin .
Despite Dogecoin 's miniscule conversion , nearly $ 10 million ( £6.1 million ) is sent every day in DOGE , with an average transaction of $ 100 ( £61 ) .
Bitcoin instead appears to be reserved for large-scale purchases , with $ 9,844 ( £5999 ) sent on average per transaction . Over half a billion dollars ( £300 million ) is transferred daily .
Wow .
Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry said Tuesday it had apprehended 88 individuals , mostly Saudis , with suspected links to foreign terror groups .
“ Security agencies , over a period of several months , monitored all the suspects , particularly those with extremist ideologies , ” said a ministry statement carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency .
The ministry 's spokesperson Maj. Gen. Mansour al-Turkey , speaking at a news conference following the announcement , said the suspects had been detained “ for having links with terror groups outside the kingdom , ” adding that a number had sent their children to fight alongside groups abroad .
“ They [ the suspects ] were on the verge of committing acts of terrorism both in Saudi Arabia and abroad , ” Turki said .
An Interior Ministry statement said the arrests came following months of surveillance .
“ Security apparatuses , over a period of several months , monitored all the suspects , particularly those with extremist ideologies , ” the statement said .
“ Months of monitoring and security observation provided evidence to detain the suspects and thwart the plans that they were on the verge of carrying out both domestically and abroad , ” it added .
The 88 suspects were apprehended in a series of recent raids in several areas of the country , it said , adding that 59 of them had been previously .
The detainees included 84 Saudis and three Yemeni nationals .
The nationality of one suspect remains unknown .
The ministry spokesman said the detainees had formed six different cells located in four different parts of the country that included Makkah and Ha'il . All the cells had plotted to carry out assassination of figures , he added , noting that the largest of the cells was comprised of 51 members .
During the news conference , the spokesman clarified that the evidence which led to the arrests included the suspects ' extremist ideologies as well as the indoctrination of young Saudis into their own dogma .
Last Update : Wednesday , 3 September 2014 KSA 23:08 - GMT 20:08
18th June 2015 , the Fields of Waterloo , on the bi-centenary of the great event . I caught the train from Brussels/Luxembourg out to Waterloo and a taxi to the battlefield . I was there by 9am .
Hardly any other members of the public had arrived at that time . I made straight for Hougoumont Farm where the size of the tented encampment of real actors absolutely astonished me .
My last visit to Hougoumont was twenty one years ago at which time it was in a state of very poor repair . Then , just seven years ago , we heard the news that Hougoumont was to be razed to the ground and redeveloped .
The late Brigadier Richard Holmes , the greatest military historian of our times , launched a save Hougoumont Farm campaign to which Godfrey Bloom and I subscribed and did our best to help by advertising .
It is rare in any written piece that I praise the British government . But for once they came up with the goods and provided money . Hougoumont today has been faithfully reconstructed as it was before the battle commenced at 11am on the 18th June 1815 .
The museum is a wonder including a film show , such things about which I 'm normally sceptical . It is literally awe-inspiring . I would recommend anyone to go there .
From there we trudged in the rain to the British bivouac where we befriended the Anglesey Hussars . What pleasure I took later in the day in introducing UKIP MEP Nathan Gill who lives in Anglesey and three of his sons to the local guys . Before long the kids were loading the guns and joining in .
There was a terrific sense of well-being towards myself and all in UKIP from those attending and I bumped into one or two British press whilst I was there .
Then we decided , accompanied by the Daily Express , to go to Napoleon 's camp . I joked as we arrived that unlike the low-grade catering in the British Allies bivouac , the French would do better . The first thing we saw as we arrived were some very pretty girls serving champagne . So we indulged .
The Emperor 's tent was quite a sight , with re-enactors in full finery enjoying a proper French lunch . We blagged our way in and I met the Emperor , a remarkable lookalike . Discussions on European domination ensued and he presented me with a medal : a replica of his 1811 celebration of his takeover of the Netherlands . I posed for photographs wondering whether UKIPers would have me lynched for such a betrayal . He then presented me with an 1812 five franc coin with of course his own face on the front of it at which he announced that the franc is superior to the Euro . I can inform you that the modern day Napoleon is a French nationalist Eurosceptic . Hurrah !
As I was trudging miles over the battlefield , the official VIP reception was taking place , at which I 'm told great speeches were made by supposedly great people . They all drew the conclusion that the answer to war was European Union and that what Wellington and his allies had displayed was the strength of Europeans working together . God help us , these people are wrong by 180 degrees .
What happened at Waterloo was that Britain and her allies overcame the maniac who wanted to build a United States of Europe . When I think of the British Guards with their Dutch colleagues in the hell of Hougoumont , outnumbered , and being battered by heavy artillery , I realise that the upcoming referendum is our Hougoumont . I must find a red tunic .
MIDWOOD , Brooklyn — Two people are in custody , and one was shot by police , after they robbed a Verizon retailer in Midwood , according to police and local media reports .
The NYPD said that one suspect was shot near Avenue O and East 14th Street , following a `` commercial robbery . '' Two firearms were also recovered , police said .
A Verizon spokeswoman told Patch that the store is an independently owned Verizon authorized retailer , not an official Verizon store .
Four armed men robbed the Verizon store on Kings Highway , Yeshiva World News reported , citing sources . The men escaped in a vehicle , which eventually crashed , so they fled on foot , the News reported .
Police ordered them to stop , and one man pointed a gun at the officer , who fired back , the News reported .
The other three suspects fled on foot , and two of them were apprehended , the News reported . A search continued Thursday afternoon for the other suspect , according to the News .
A sales associate at the Verizon retailer in question would not talk about the robbery when reached by Patch by phone .
This is a breaking story . Refresh this page for updates as they become available .
Exclusive : Man awarded $ 20,000 after judge finds flaws in police investigation of `` bizarre '' sexual allegations by girlfriend
A man accused of forcing his girlfriend to get breast implants has been awarded $ 20,000 by a judge who criticised the police investigation into her `` bizarre '' allegations .
The 27-year-old faced 36 serious criminal charges , including numerous violent assaults and rapes over a two-month period , and would have spent between 16 and 18 years in prison if convicted .
He was alleged to have locked the woman in his bedroom for three days without food or water , tortured her with pins until she bled , forced her to walk around Cornwall Park naked on her hands and knees leashed like a dog , and pressured her into breast surgery .
But the charges were dropped a week before the trial and the man took legal action against the police to recover some of the legal bill he spent fighting the case .
Advertisement
Judge David Sharp awarded him $ 20,000 and defence barrister Graeme Newell told the Herald on Sunday he would ask the police to investigate the woman for laying a false rape complaint .
In his written decision , Judge Sharp described the late disclosure by police of medical evidence , which undermined the credibility of the complainant , as `` negligent '' .
The woman alleged she was pressured into having breast implant surgery and then kidnapped for three days , where she was locked in her boyfriend 's room , tied up , tortured and raped multiple times .
`` The claim of kidnapping and abuse took place at a time either when , or very soon after , which the complainant was medically examined . The medical examination provided no indication of injury or discomfort , '' said Judge Sharp .
`` This is inconsistent with what the complainant alleged in a way that undermines her evidence significantly .
The evidence of the post-operative checkup does to an extent establish the innocence of the defendant at least as far as the kidnapping charge is concerned . SHARE THIS QUOTE :
`` The undermining of that charge and the importance that that had upon the case overall is significant . ''
While the prosecution acted in good faith , Judge Sharp said the evidence was `` insufficient '' and the Crown acted appropriately in withdrawing the charges when the medical evidence came to light .
The case depended entirely on the credibility of the complainant , which Judge Sharp said was `` seriously questioned '' by a number of factors including allegations which `` could be described as bizarre '' and a financial dispute between the pair .
The alleged sexual offending , described as `` depraved '' , took place over two months during a consensual romantic relationship over nearly a year .
This long timeframe of `` bizarre '' abuse was described as `` unusual '' by Judge Sharp , although the police maintained this was because the man held a psychological grip over the woman .
The violent sexual abuse allegedly occurred between August and October 2013 and the relationship ended in March 2014 .
The next month , the woman laid a complaint and he was arrested nearly a year later in February 2015 . The charges were dropped in November 2015 .
As part of the application for costs , Newell said the financial dispute was a motive for a false complaint .
Bank and travel records corroborated part of the complainant 's story and her credibility had been expertly assessed , the Crown said .
`` Hindsight may now provide reasons not to accept her evidence but at that time police relied on what she told them . To have not regarded them seriously would have been a major mistake . ''
Newell was particularly critical of the decision of the police to oppose bail at the time his client was arrested .
In their opposition to bail , the police told the judge there was an audio recording of the boyfriend making an admission of guilt and a statement from an `` eye witness '' to the assault which caused the injury .
The man - who has no previous criminal record - spent two weeks in custody before being granted bail on appeal to the High Court .
In fact , he admitted causing the injury but accidentally .
The `` eye witness '' gave a statement which corroborated an injury suffered by the complainant , but not how it was caused .
`` It was a serious error to describe the material captured on tape as providing admissions on the part of the defendant , '' said Judge Sharp .
`` To suggest that the witness to the complainant 's injury was an eye witness was a material misdescription .
`` Although the prosecution has argued that these errors were not material as far as the bail decision was concerned and that the defence could have transcribed the recorded material themselves , it remains unacceptable to put false material before the Court in opposition to bail . ''
Taking everything into account , Judge Sharp concluded it was `` more likely than not '' that the man did not commit the offences alleged .
In response to the judgment , Detective Inspector Scott Beard said the police are `` currently reviewing the file to establish what lessons , if any , can be learnt from the investigation '' .
Graeme Newell told the Herald on Sunday that the police inquiry suffered from `` tunnel vision '' and his client was forced to investigate matters which the police should have conducted before they charged him .
He had now instructed Newell to lay a complaint with the police .
`` These were false allegations of rape , poorly investigated , which led to a young man with no criminal history finding himself in prison for two weeks .
`` He faced a trial by jury and potential for 16 years in prison . ''
A tool used by millions of websites to process images has several critical vulnerabilities that could allow attackers to compromise Web servers . To make things worse , there 's no official patch yet and exploits are already available .
The vulnerabilities were discovered by Nikolay Ermishkin from the Mail.Ru security team and were reported to the ImageMagick developers who attempted a fix in version 6.9.3-9 , released on April 30 . However , the fix is incomplete and the vulnerabilities can still be exploited .
Furthermore , there is evidence that people aside from security researchers and ImageMagick developers know about the flaws , which is why their existence was publicly disclosed Tuesday . The flaws can be exploited by uploading specially crafted images to Web applications that rely on ImageMagick to process them .
ImageMagick is a command-line tool that can be used to create , edit and convert a large number of image file formats . Its library is the base for other Web server packages like PHP 's imagick , Ruby 's rmagick and papercli and Node.js 's imagemagick .
Since the public disclosure Tuesday , security researchers have already developed proof-of-concept exploits for the issues . This means that attackers could too , increasing the likelihood of malicious in-the-wild attacks .
Security researchers have dubbed the set of flaws ImageTragick and created a website with more information for website developers and administrators , including mitigation advice until a complete patch is made available .
“ Verify that all image files begin with the expected ‘ magic bytes ' corresponding to the image file types you support before sending them to ImageMagick for processing , ” the researchers said on the website . “ Use a policy file to disable the vulnerable ImageMagick coders . The global policy for ImageMagick is usually found in ‘ /etc/ImageMagick ' . ”
The ImageMagick developers have also suggested the policy-based mitigation and posted an example policy file on their support forum .
Susan Ash 's boxes were packed . After years of pain and addiction , she finally felt stable enough to move out of Norfolk , away from her parents , and to Portland , Ore. , where she could start over .
But on Aug. 31 , when the Drug Enforcement Administration announced that it would temporarily classify kratom , a plant-based stimulant , as a Schedule I controlled substance , Ash had to rethink her move . The DEA 's proposal meant that kratom would be treated like drugs such as heroin , LSD , marijuana , MDMA ( also known as “ ecstasy ” ) and peyote , all of which are currently Schedule 1 substances .
“ It was a complete and total shock to us all , ” she said in a phone interview .
Kratom , made from plant leaves native to Southeast Asia , has drawn national attention after the DEA 's announcement . It 's garnered the consideration of prominent lawmakers who 're asking the Obama administration to delay the ban , which could come as early as Friday . For many , the substance has helped curb addiction to opioids and painkillers , and users fear they might be forced into opiate use again . Susan Ash is one of them .
“ It 's literally saving people 's lives . And the kind of people that I am hearing from are terrified . They 're panicked . They do n't want to go back to opioids , ” she said .
Her boxes are packed , but without kratom , Ash may not be going anywhere .
* * *
According to the DEA , a schedule I drug is defined as a substance with no accepted medical use and high potential for abuse .
But to Ash , kratom is anything but . The people who use it , she says , are not young people looking to experiment .
“ We 're just your average everyday normal person looking for a natural alternative , ” she said . Right now , the substance is legal in all 50 states , except Tennessee , Vermont , Wisconsin , Indiana , Alabama and Arkansas .
Still , the substance is n't necessarily harmless , says Dr. Kirk Cumpston , medical director of the Virginia Poison Center . Statistics say of the 13 calls the Poison Center 's received since 2010 , 77 percent of patients took the substance intentionally . Of those , 20 percent were suicide attempts .
“ I think right now it does n't meet any medicinal use because it has n't really been studied in any sort of trials or anything to show efficacy or safety , ” Cumpston said . He said the same thing may happen to kratom as marijuana : it might be used medicinally eventually , but will be scheduled at first .
But if kratom keeps people from using heroin or other opioids — which , Ash says , is pretty common — Cumpston said it might not be all that bad .
“ Then I think it 's probably a worthwhile effort , ” he said .
That 's how Ash was first introduced to kratom .
Incorrectly diagnosed with fibromyalgia , Ash was prescribed enough narcotics “ that could 've taken an elephant out , ” she said .
When she was finally diagnosed with Lyme disease , she was put on intravenous antibiotics . While all her other friends were getting married and having kids , Ash was forced to move back home to Norfolk .
“ That was probably the hardest time in my life , ” she remembers .
She started abusing drugs as an escape . She did n't “ doctor-shop ” or use heroin , but her day revolved around her next dose . One day , she lied to her Lyme disease support group : her medicine was stolen and she was in withdrawal . A stranger suggested she try kratom . Ash was skeptical .
“ When you 're addicted to narcotics , you do n't want a plant , ” Ash said .
But she called the woman and learned about the process : how much to take , where to order it , what kind of dosage Ash would need . Because it 's not FDA-approved , the instructions were tricky .
But it worked . The day after she started taking kratom , her withdrawal symptoms were gone .
* * *
In the morning , Ash takes about two teaspoons of the powder at a time . Sometimes , she 'll take capsules or brew it in tea . All it takes is five to 15 minutes , she says , to feel better . Through the years , she 's needed less and less of it .
Ash says she does n't crave kratom .
“ It does n't give you euphoria like that . It does n't enable you to escape your problems like opiates do , ” she said .
It 's helped her feel better . On Sept. 13 , Ash and the American Kratom Association , a consumer group of almost 8,000 she founded , organized a protest at the White House .
The most moving part , she said , was seeing the people who use kratom who might be affected by the DEA 's ban : veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder , moms pushing strollers , elderly people .
Of the 13 calls to Virginia Poison Control , four came from Norfolk and Virginia Beach . Sixty-nine percent were male patients , and the average age of patients was 29 years , with a range from 15 to 60 years old .
“ This is something that could curb our nation 's opiate epidemic , ” she said .
The movement 's gaining traction . A White House petition ‘ s gotten 136,905 signatures , and stories about kratom are circulating on social media with hashtags # IAmKratom and # KratomSavesLives .
U.S. Reps. Matt Salmon , an Arizona Republican , and Mark Pocan , a Wisconsin Democrat , co-authored a letter to the DEA , but were not available for comment .
Letters to acting DEA Administrator Chuck Rosenberg and Budget Director Shaun Donovan from 45 members of the House of Representatives call the decision “ hasty ” and note that it “ could have serious effects on consumer access and choice of an internationally recognized herbal supplement . ”
A letter to Donovan asks that he overrule the DEA , invoking an emergency power .
The DEA could make a call as early as Sept. 30 .
“ It 's sad and it 's terrifying and to see this community come together the way we have has been amazing , ” Ash said .
Here 's an update from @ TheKratomAssn Do n't forget to send a thank you to the representatives that helped us ! # kratomhttps : //t.co/thAWBAvBuG — KratomSavesLives ( @ kratomadvocate1 ) September 25 , 2016
In the midst of a # fentanyl crisis , the @ DEAHQ are banning # Kratom , which helps wean people off opiates . Where is the common sense ? — Botanical Education ( @ BotanicalEdu ) September 21 , 2016
A staffer for California Attorney General and U.S. Senate candidate Kamala Harris ( D ) has been arrested and accused of participating in a mysterious group that impersonates a police force .
The staffer , Brandon Kiel , is alleged to have been involved in the Masonic Fraternal Police Department , the Los Angeles Times reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
The group 's website says it “ provides services to Masonic Sovereign Grand Masters and their Masonic Jurisdictions , as well as other Fraternities , Sororities and Greek Organizations. ” It claims to be active in 33 states and Mexico , and to have links to the Knights Templar , an ancient military order .
Along with Kiel , David Henry and Tonette Hayes were also arrested for their alleged involvement with the group .
Kiel , who is reportedly on leave from his job as deputy director of community affairs at the California Department of Justice , has been accused of improperly using his government identification . Henry is accused of perjury .
California law enforcement reportedly pursued the three after meeting with group members who did not give details about the group .
Investigators reportedly found uniforms , weapons , badges and vehicles similar to those used by law enforcement during searches in Santa Clara , Calif. , where the group 's website claims it is based .
Harris announced earlier this year that she is running for the U.S. Senate seat currently held by Sen. Barbara Boxer Barbara Levy BoxerHispanic civil rights icon endorses Harris for president California AG Becerra included in Bloomberg 50 list Climate debate comes full circle MORE ( D ) , who is retiring .
The California attorney general is the front-runner for the Democratic Senate nomination and a rising star in the party .
Imagine arriving home from the grocery store one day and someone is blocking your mailbox with their car . It 's a process server . She hands you some paperwork and says , “ You 've been served. ” You open up the envelope and someone is laying claim to your house and car . Even though your mortgage is fully paid , the car loan was paid for decades ago , property taxes are up to date and there are zero liens on your credit .
This is a true story about a woman named Deborah Kroll from Pasadena , Maryland . Deborah 's troubles began around the time her ex-husband passed away from cancer in 2007 . She was still on good terms with her ex and even his girlfriend , Rosalie Bell , at the time of his death . Deborah attended his funeral , sat next to her ex 's girlfriend and consoled her through heavy tears . Every week afterwards she would call Rosalie ( also known as Rosie ) to check on her .
Three months after her husband 's death the process server was in Deborah 's front yard with envelope in hand . Rosie was suing her for the funeral expenses .
Deborah was shocked . According to her , after the funeral was over her former stepson and former sister-in-laws had asked Rosie if they could pay for the expenses . She told them no and that she had everything covered . Deborah 's stepson told her this , so she did n't approach Rosie to offer to pay anything either . So , what a surprise when she received notice from the Dorchester County , Maryland courts that Rosie was suing her for possession of her and her ex-husband 's 1974 Corvette Stingray . The Corvette was in mint condition with the exception of a major brake problem .
Rosie made no attempts to contact Robert Kroll Jr. 's son or sisters in regards to becoming his personal representative/special administrator for the estate , according to the Dorchester County Register of Wills records . The record on July 23 , 2007 states that a notice of appointment was sent to “ unknown heirs. ” Rosie was well aware of who Robert 's heirs were .
At the court trial Rosie claimed that she wanted the Corvette to pay for the funeral expenses . The judge ordered the garage kept car to be sold , all proceeds to pay for the funeral expenses . Deborah did n't appeal the case , because she assumed that this would be the last she 'd hear from Rosie Bell . So one day an Eastern Shore towing company showed up and took the car from her property , as pictured below :
The funeral expenses were not paid that year , despite the car being sold to a man in Delaware . Deborah was in the negative with attorney 's fees and travel to Annapolis to fight the lawsuit . And the towing company ? They wanted Debbie to cover their fees ! She told them to go to hell and perhaps a few other things .
This was just the beginning . How did it all start ? Rosie found a little loophole in estate law that allowed her to become the representative of Robert Kroll Jr. 's estate .
In Maryland , one must only announce in local newspapers when they file to become an estate representative . The legal term for this is a Notice of Judicial Probate . If no will is in place the next of kin is usually assigned that role , but Robert Kroll Jr. 's son chose to not fight Rosie 's claim after it was already approved by an Orphans ' Court judge and the Register of Wills in Dorchester County . Ironically , after the sale of the Corvette , he was no longer on speaking terms with Deborah . He had been offered the Corvette prior to her being served court papers . According to Deborah , all he had to do was send a tow truck over to pick it up from her property because of the brake problem . His actions and lack thereof set off a chain of legal shenanigans that this writer has never seen or heard of before .
What Rosie Bell maybe did n't realize at the time was that by putting her name on her ex-boyfriend 's death certificate and becoming his personal representative/special estate administrator she became obligated to pay Robert Kroll Jr. 's medical bills before she could touch his assets . Approximately $ 55,000 was owed to various medical facilities . So , she went after Robert Kroll Jr. 's old house in Pasadena , Maryland that Deborah Kroll still lived in and owned .
Rosie Bell hired a lawyer by the name of James P. Nolan and attempted to seize Deborah 's home without a trial . Their motion for summary judgment was denied in May 2010 . On September 15 , 2010 , the day of the trial , Deborah 's attorney , Leo P. Hylan , walked from the case . Deborah asked Judge Paul Garvey Goetzke for a postponement in order to find a new lawyer and it was granted . As they were standing in line for the Court Clerk 's office to get paperwork , James Nolan went to another judge and had Goetzke 's decision reversed .
Yes , you read that correctly . With “ real property ” in excess of $ 300,000 on the line Deborah was forced to represent herself in court . That 's like an average woman stepping into the octagon with UFC fighter Ronda Rousey . Deborah had also requested a jury trial some time in 2009 and that motion was never ruled on . How was this a fair trial ? Are n't fair trials a right as a United States citizen ? Apparently not . Unsurprisingly , Deborah lost her case . The official record reads as follows :
September 29 , 2010 :
Judgment is entered in favor of the Plaintiff . The property 8755 Fort Smallwood Road , Pasadena , Maryland shall be sold . Rex Smith Caldwell , III Esq . is appointed Trustee to list for sale and sell the property . Trustee shall not be required to file an appraisal . Deborah Kroll shall cooperate with Trustee and continue to pay taxes , insurance and utility for the property . Net proceeds of the sale shall be equally divided . Reasonable attorneys fees and Trustees commissions shall be awarded at the conclusion of the case . All cost , fees and commissions resulting from the sale of the property shall be awarded at the conclusion of the case
After the trial Deborah sought another attorney to see if the decision could be appealed . That lawyer told her that it was n't possible . 2010 will go down as the worst year in Deborah 's life . Not only did she lose her home of 37 years but she was also seriously injured when she fell on ice earlier in the year . That injury required three surgeries and a lot of physical therapy . This was the payment she received for being nice to Rosie during her darkest days .
Deborah did n't go down without a fight though . First , she erected an 8′ by 4′ sign in her front yard . Here 's a photo of it :
This drew the eye of a writer for the Maryland Gazette , a local Anne Arundel County newspaper . After seeing a photo of the sign in the Gazette , Rosie 's attorney James Nolan and the real estate trustee charged her with civil constructive contempt . They ordered her to take the sign down or she would have to pay a hefty fine or possibly go to jail . Not wanting to deal with any more trouble , despite viewing this as a clear violation of her first amendment rights , she took the sign indoors .
Deborah now had strangers coming in and out of her home to view it while she was present . She was also told to not smoke while people were touring the house . The “ justice sign ” ( as it has become known ) stood prominently in the master bedroom for all to see . During one winter viewing it was icy outdoors and Debbie threw salt in the driveway to melt the ice . The next day she received a call from the trustee to not throw “ magic dust ” on the property . Deborah had no idea what he was talking about and when the trustee explained further she laughed her head off about the misunderstanding . It gave her an idea though . On top of the sign making its presence felt indoors , why not make things a bit weird and uncomfortable for her newly uninvited guests ?
Deborah already likens herself to ghoulish gals in film/television fiction . Elvira , Morticia Addams and the Bride of Frankenstein ? Yep…that 's Deborah . But she played it up a bit for her new guests . Thick black lipstick , heavy eye shadow , black fingernail polish and eyeliner . Crazy jewelry . A black veil and dress . She did every weird thing you can think of to make the house look unappealing . It was rarely cleaned . Water was left to sit in the basement after a heavy rain so it stunk like mold . Deborah read tarot cards by herself . She performed a “ psychic reading ” over the phone with a friend one time . Her appearance began resembling that of a witch . There were burning candles . A deer skull . Goblets with different colored water . Several witchcraft books . A voodoo doll . Everything but a crystal ball !
Despite her best efforts , Deborah received an email about the property settlement on what would have been her and Robert 's wedding anniversary . Her house was sold on June 25 , 2012 at a very undervalued price that Deborah had zero control over . Yes , despite being the co-owner of her home she had no say over what the house would sell for and there was n't an appraisal on the property . We 're talking a 26,506 square foot piece of land with a 1,092 square foot home plus a separate garage that was sold for $ 140,000 ! The Register of Wills record lists a 66 page petition to sell the property for less than its appraised value . That petition appeared on May 7 , 2012 . What is in that small book of documents ?
As if she had n't been slapped in the face enough , she was given six days to vacate the premises . Notice was not given via a phone call but in an email ! Six days is less time to move than a delinquent apartment tenant has ! She ended up losing a lot of personal property because of this , including three bedroom sets , living room furniture , curtains , basement furniture and a lot more . Six days was not enough time to hire a moving company to carry the heavy loads and there was n't anywhere to store it so all that property was abandoned .
Unfortunately this sad tale is n't over yet . A month before Deborah 's home was stolen she was diagnosed with an incurable liver disease . Her stomach has ballooned up and a pool of liver fluid is slowly collecting inside her ankles . Debbie ended up moving into a friend 's basement apartment , because she has no relatives living in Maryland . The sad tale also does not end here either .
Remember Rosie 's lawyer , James Nolan ? He sued Deborah for $ 30,000.00 a couple months after the June 2012 eviction . And the same judge that heard her house sale case presided over this one . Fortunately , Deborah did have legal representation this time around but Nolan still received $ 8,900 . He collected a total of nearly $ 50,000 from the house sale .
Remember the Corvette and the funeral expenses ? The expenses were finally paid in 2012 after the house sale . So what happened to the Corvette money ? This is a question that Rosalie does n't want to answer . She did not return our phone call .
So , why does the headline say that the government took a woman 's home to pay lawyers ? Because after all this , the very reason the house sale lawsuit started to begin with , the medical expenses were written off . The only real winner in all of this was James P. Nolan . Debbie 's house and classic sports car were sold to cut Nolan a check for close to $ 50,000 and one can assume to pay $ 10,000 of funeral expenses . To add insult to injury , despite the house being sold on June 25 , 2012 Deborah was not able to receive payment until September . That was after the case with James Nolan was ruled on .
And the first lawyer who helped Rosie become the personal estate representative ? His name is E. Thomas Merryweather and he received $ 3,275.00 from the home sale . Reasonable attorney 's fees indeed ! Merryweather is currently the County Attorney in Cambridge , Maryland .
One last thing . Rosalie Bell also took between $ 2,000-3,000 from Robert Kroll Jr. 's credit union account . Even though Robert 's sister was named as the beneficiary on the account . Why did this happen ? According to Deborah , “ Because Rose is a greedy bitch. ” There was also the matter of “ stolen ” guns and rifles that Robert owned . But there was no police report of the theft . Debbie says Rose probably sold them .
Deborah lived with her friend for two years between 2012 and 2014 . Rent was paid on time every month but according to Deborah her friend became very bossy , got on her about petty things and she eventually was evicted for personal reasons .
The first week of September 2014 she moved in with a man who used to know her ex-husband . She was offered a cheap place to stay because at this point Deborah 's life savings were gone . After legal fees , fees to the trustee , and $ 8,900 to James Nolan she was broke and living off Social Security checks since she turned 62 . In February 2015 her new landlord tried to have her evicted but a judge granted her an extra 30 days to find a new residence . According to Deborah , that was the nicest judge she has ever met . And she feels that if that judge had presided over her house case that she would still be living at her house today and this news article would have never been written .
What 's the real reason that her landlord wants her out , according to Debbie ? She turned down his sexual advances one night when he came home drunk in October 2014 . Her landlord threatened to put her possessions out on the lawn a few days after the rejection . He brought a dolly up from the basement , to show that he was n't messing around . So she called the police . He was screaming at her while she was on the phone with the 9-1-1 dispatcher and three cop cars showed up . They told him that if he touches her possessions or goes into her bedroom that he would be arrested . To get back at her , the landlord cut off Internet access and Cable TV , so nearly everyday Deborah goes to the public library or McDonald 's to use her computer .
After all of this , Deborah 's hope is that estate laws are changed so a horrible injustice like this never happens to anyone ever again . To prevent this from happening after your own death , make sure you have a legal will drawn up . She would love to see Judge Paul Goetzke removed from the bench and she has some other not so kind words for James Nolan that wo n't be printed here . She is very close to being homeless . A Gofundme account has been setup for her at http : //gofundme.com/o4rkkg . If any Punk Rock Libertarian readers can help Debbie out in any little way , please donate . The goal is set to $ 30,000 to help pay for two years of living expenses . If you live in Baltimore or Anne Arundel County , Maryland she could really use a free or low cost place to stay .
Rosalie Bell , Judge Goetzke , James Nolan , and E. Thomas Merryweather were asked to tell their side of the story but chose not to at press time . Their actions already speak volumes .
