James
Sunday 's Chevrolet test at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway provided teams and drivers the opportunity to shake off the rust and try out a few new things in preparation for next month 's Indianapolis 500 .
In the spirit of testing , I took the day to experiment as well . Below is a 3,200 megapixel image of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway front straightaway . For comparison , the iPhone 7 and Samsung S8 are both equipped with 12 megapixel cameras .
To explore the image , just click the '+ ' and '- ' buttons in the upper right corner . The diagonal arrows will expand full screen , while the circle arrow will pull the image back to it 's home position .
I suggest going full screen !
Can not wait to give it another try when the Speedway is packed with hundreds of thousands of people .
( Bonus points for finding Ed Carpenter , Josef Newgarden and Helio Castroneves )
Gulls In Flight # 2 has dropped just in time for a three-game San Diego Gulls road trip ! Join the “ Voice of the Gulls ” Craig Elsten as he breaks down last Friday 's 6-5 overtime shootout win over the Bakersfield Condors with co-host B.J . MacPherson . Then , this week 's special guest is the Gulls ' general manager Bob Ferguson . Craig sits down with Bob during morning skate in San Jose to talk about his long career as a player , head coach and front office executive in the game of hockey . Some funny stories come out along the way as Bob gives you insight into the life of an executive in the American Hockey League ! Enjoy Gulls In Flight # 2 : Bob Ferguson !
Gulls In Flight # 2 : Bob Ferguson ! 1090 Off the Air
Comments
comments
Save snapshots of frequently-updated files over time with programmer-strength version control—but without the learning curve . Free software Flashbake captures working files and adds details like the weather and your Twitter status to each version automatically .
What 's Version Control ?
Almost three years ago , Adam showed you how to set up a personal home Subversion server , so you already know that Subversion is an open source version control system that keeps snapshots of changing files over time . Git is the new kid on the version control system block . Git 's gotten quite a bit of attention among software developers partly because its creator , Linus Torvalds , also brought you the Linux operating system .
Advertisement
Primarily , software developers use version control systems like Git and Subversion to archive , manage , roll back , and merge code over time . But you can use version control for any kind of file that 's plain text—whether it 's code , creative writing , a to-do list , or notes . That 's exactly what science fiction author and blogger Cory Doctorow uses it for , but he did n't want to manually commit files by hand , like coders do . In response to conversations with Doctorow , programmer Thomas Gideon cooked up Flashbake , a simplified interface to Git that runs in the background and commits versions quietly as Doctorow writes , no intervention required . ( Here 's the whole story of Flashbake in Cory 's words . )
As a programmer-turned-writer , Flashbake tickles me pink , because it makes a powerful developer tool available to anyone who 's constantly typing into plain text files . Once you start managing code with Git , you realize pretty quickly that it 's the cat 's pajamas . But there 's a learning curve and lots of commands to master before you can really get good use out of it . Flashbake gives writers all the benefits of Git in a single command .
Advertisement
What Flashbake Does
In a nutshell , Flashbake does two things quickly and easily :
Flashbake commits text files you specify to a local Git repository . You can set it to run quietly in the background , while you work , so it can do this without intervention . With the right plug-ins enabled , Flashbake automatically embeds ambient information in each version of those files—like the weather , your Twitter status , the last track you listened to—by including it all in each version 's commit message .
Advertisement
What you get is a database of file versions over time , with notes attached that tell you what you were doing , what it was like outside , and what you were listening to at the time . I used Flashbake as I wrote this very article , and pushed my local Git repository to GitHub , a free Git host , to show off Flashbake in action .
Here 's what it looks like :
Advertisement
Check out a history of changes to this post over time for yourself : flashbake_automates_version_control.txt / Commit History . Click on the `` Commit '' link to see a color-coded file diff between that version and the earlier one , like this :
I configured Flashbake plug-ins to include San Diego 's current weather , my computer 's timezone , my Twitter status , and my recently-played tracks from Last.FM ( using the feed ) . Here 's what one such automatic commit message looked like from an early version of this post late last night :
Advertisement
You know you want to try it yourself . But first , a warning .
Nerd Alert : Who Flashbake Is Really For
Flashbake is a command-line system for advanced users , and requires a Linux-like shell like Cygwin for Windows or Mac OS X 's built-in Terminal . It is most definitely not for folks looking for something like Microsoft Word 's versioning . It is , however , for people who make heavy use of plain text files , do n't mind firing up the terminal and running a script or two , and know what cron is . Since Flashbake is an interface to Git written in Python , you 'll need all three installed to get this party started . Not scared off yet ? Cool . Let 's go .
Advertisement
Install Flashbake
Flashbake 's installation and configuration documentation is already pretty complete , so I wo n't duplicate it here . In short , to run Flashbake , you 'll need superuser access and the following installed as usual :
Once you 've laid that groundwork , download the latest version of Flashbake and extract it . In the extracted directory , run :
sudo python setup.py install
Now you 're ready to start your project . Create a new folder—I called mine write —and cd into it . Then run :
git init
Make the first text file you 're going to track with Flashbake , like my_novel.txt , and type a few lines . Now you 're ready to start tracking its revisions with Flashbake . Create a new file in your project directory called .flashbake ( do n't forget the starting dot ) and add the name of your text file to it . For example , my Flashbake project tracks two files , called my_novel.txt and this post in a file called flashbake_automates_version_control.txt . So the bottom of my .flashbake configuration file looks like this :
# `` Hot files '' for flashbake to commit , add yours here my_novel.txt flashbake_automates_version_control.txt
Advertisement
( Flashbake ignores the first line , which starts with the # , because it 's a comment . )
Now we 're almost ready to run Flashbake . First we 've got to configure a plug-in or two .
Shake and Flashbake Plug-ins
Flashbake plug-ins are the secret sauce that make it a worthy interface to Git . Plug-ins automatically add information to each version 's commit notes , like feed items , the weather , and timezone .
Advertisement
Here 's a full list of the default plug-ins that come with Flashbake . I used four plug-ins in my Flashbake project : weather , timezone , Twitter , and the feed plug-in . As the Flashbake plug-in documentation explains , list the plug-ins you want to use in your .flashbake file and its additional parameters below .
For example , my full .flashbake file looks like this :
# List what plug-ins Flashbake should invoke plugins : flashbake.plugins.weather : Weather , flashbake.plugins.timezone : TimeZone , flashbake.plugins.microblog : Twitter , flashbake.plugins.feed : Feed # Weather plug-in configuration weather_city : San Diego # Feed plug-in configuration feed_url : http : //ws.audioscrobbler.com/1.0/user/ginatrapani/recenttracks.rss # limit is optional , defaults to 5 if unused feed_limit:3 # Twitter plug-in configuration twitter_user : ginatrapani twitter_limit:3 # `` Hot files '' for flashbake to commit , add yours here my_novel.txt flashbake_automates_version_control.txt
Advertisement
Note that the order in which you list the plug-ins matters . I switched weather and timezone 's position to see the weather at the top of each commit message in GitHub 's version list , here .
Now you 're ready to run Flashbake . To try a `` dry run '' of Flashbake and see what it will commit without actually performing the commit , cd .. to your project directory 's parent and run the following ( where `` your_project_directory '' is the name of your project directory . ) :
flashbake -d your_project_directory
You can even add a -v switch in your command to get extra-verbose output for debugging .
Advertisement
You 'll get output similar to this . Tweak your .flashbake file until the output is to your liking .
Once you 've got Flashbake 's plug-ins working the way you want , simply run the following to save the current state of the file as a version :
flashbake your_project_directory
To make Flashbake run automatically in the background , use your system 's cron scheduler . Here 's the full list of ways to run Flashbake .
Advertisement
Publish Your Flashbake Git Repository to GitHub
Now you 've got a local Git repository of file versions . Great , right ? Well , not if you can use 'em easily . Git newbs do n't know all the commands to search and diff between versions , but luckily a pretty web hosting solution for Git means you do n't have to know the commands . I published my local Git repository to GitHub to show off my file changes in this post . Register for a free account at GitHub and create a new repository there . Then , push your local repository to GitHub for cloud backup and a good-looking web interface to your project . Use GitHub 's setup instructions to do just that . After I created a repository on GitHub called write , GitHub told me to run the following commands ( where `` existing_git_repo '' is your project directory ) :
Advertisement
The git push origin master command is the magical command that pushes your local files to GitHub . By default , you have to do that remote push by hand , but if you 're automating Flashbake 's runs , you can make local commits automatically push to a remote host ( like GitHub ) using this handy command .
Flashbake is still a very young mechanism for driving Git , and more plug-ins and configuration options are becoming available , so we 've only scratched the surface here . But adopting programmer version control for writing , lists , or notes is something more and more tech-savvy folks will do going forward . Thanks to Leo Laporte and Cory Doctorow for making me aware of Flashbake in this episode of This Week in Tech .
Have you given Flashbake , Git , or GitHub a try ? Post links to your projects and let us know how you like it in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , loves using Git for writing as well as coding . Her weekly feature , Smarterware , appears every Wednesday on Lifehacker . Subscribe to the Smarterware tag feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
RDS.ca
MONTRÉAL - Le Canadien de Montréal se tourne résolument vers les jeunes .
Le club a échangé le vétéran défenseur Hal Gill et un choix conditionnel de cinquième tour au repêchage de 2013 aux Predators de Nashville . En retour , le Tricolore a obtenu les ailiers gauches Blake Geoffrion et Robert Slaney , ainsi qu'un choix de deuxième tour en 2012 .
Gill en était à sa troisième saison avec le Tricolore . En 196 parties à Montréal , il a marqué cinq buts et ajouté 23 aides . Il ne sera pas en uniforme vendredi soir , alors que les Predators rendent visite aux Red Wings de Detroit .
« Hal Gill apporte à notre équipe plusieurs atouts  sa taille , la qualité de son jeu en désavantage numérique , sa fiabilité en défensive et son expérience des séries éliminatoires , a commenté le directeur général des Predators , David Poile . Il a gagné la coupe Stanley et a disputé un total de 69 matchs éliminatoires au cours des quatre dernières années , une expérience qui profitera beaucoup à notre équipe . »
Gill a amassé 36 buts et 143 mentions d'aide en 1047 matchs en saison régulière avec les Bruins de Boston , les Maple Leafs de Toronto , les Penguins de Pittsburgh et le Canadien . Il possède aussi 105 matchs d'expérience en éliminatoires , dont des présences en finale de la Coupe Stanley avec les Penguins en 2008 et 2009 . Il faisait partie du meilleur duo de défenseurs des Penguins en 2009 quand les Penguins ont gagné la coupe .
« Je tiens en premier lieu à remercier Hal Gill pour les précieux services qu'il a rendus à notre organisation au cours des trois dernières saisons , notamment pour son leadership et son engagement , a fait savoir le directeur général du Canadien , Pierre Gauthier , par voie de communiqué .
« Nous sommes également très heureux de faire l'acquisition d'un choix de deuxième ronde en 2012 et d'accueillir deux jeunes espoirs au sein de l'organisation . Nous comptons continuer à contribuer au développement de Blake Geoffrion et de Robert Slaney . »
`` Mon père ne me croyait pas ''
Geoffrion , âgé de 24 ans , a participé à 22 matchs avec les Predators cette saison , amassant trois aides . En 42 matchs en carrière , il totalise six buts et cinq aides . Il a été choisi le meilleur joueur universitaire américain en 2010 , alors qu'il évoluait avec l'Université du Wisconsin .
Sur son compte Twitter , Geoffrion a fait ce commentaire : « Désire remercier tous les amateurs de Nashville pour leur soutien ces deux dernières années ... vous allez me manquer , les gars . »
Plus tard , il a ajouté : « Wow ! quelle journée . Je suis à la fois triste et enchanté , je quitte mon chez moi à Nashville , mais je vais où tout a commencé pour ma famille ... MONTRÉAL ! ! ! »
Le jeune Geoffrion est le quatrième membre de sa famille à appartenir au Canadien . Il a été précédé par son arrière-grand-père Howie Morenz , son grand-père Bernard « Boom Boom » Geoffrion et son père Danny Geoffrion , qui avait été un choix de première ronde du Canadien en 1978 .
Il se rapportera aux Bulldogs de Hamilton samedi matin .
« Mon père ne me croyait pas ! , a confié Geoffrion en entrevue au site internet des Admirals de Milwaukee , le club-école des Predators . Je lui ai dit que je venais d'être échangé à Montréal , mais il m ' a répondu que j'étais très drôle et a commencé à me poser des questions sur mon match de ce soir . Je lui ai dit que ce n'était pas une farce . »
« Il était alors au cinéma avec ma grand-mère , la femme de Boom Boom , et je l'entendais , elle était folle de joie , elle criait des choses en anglais et en français . C'est une journée très spéciale pour ma famille et moi . »
Slaney , âgé de 23 ans , a obtenu une aide en neuf matchs avec les Admirals et 18 points ( 11 buts , 7 aides ) en 30 matchs avec les Cyclones de Cincinnati ( ECHL ) cette saison .
L'ailier gauche de six pieds deux pouces , qui a joué son hockey junior avec les Screaming Eagles du Cap-Breton , a obtenu huit aides en 52 matchs dans l'AHL . Slaney a ajouté 53 points ( 19 buts , 34 aides ) en 113 matchs dans la ECHL .
After San Fran 's appeal court ruled against President Donald Trump 's travel ban , unvetted refugees continued to flood in , while Syria 's President Assad warned that some of them are terrorists . And who would know better than Bashar al Assad , a guy who is fighting ISIS and terrorism for 3-4 years in a row ?
After a federal judge ruled against President Trump 's travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries , the State Department went into a frenzy , i.e . they more than doubled the amount of refugees entering the US from terror prone countries ( that 's Obama 's definition ) like Syria and Iraq among others .
It definitely looks like the progressive establishment it 's pushing hard to admitting as many potential terrorists into the US as possible before the travel ban is put back on ice by another court .
Since federal judge L. Robart halted Trump 's travel ban on February 3rd , an incredible 77 % of the 1100 refugees allowed to enter the US have been from the 7 terror-prone countries . And remember , it was President Barack Obama who put the respective seven countries on the map as being highly dangerous , not Donald Trump .
33 % of the 1100 refugees admitted in less than a week were from Syria alone , 21 % from Iraq and by contrast , prior to judge Robart 's order , only nine percent of the refugees entering the US were from Syria and six percent were from Iraq .
Here 's a quote from Jessica Vaughn at the Center for Immigration Studies :
“ There 's no doubt in my mind they would be doing whatever they could to get people in before something changes because , from their perspective , their motivation is to resettle these folks . It would not be the first time that State Department officials have prioritized facilitating someone 's entry to the United States over security concerns , ”
These guys left behind the enemy lines by the Obama administration , and I am talking about the “ liberal ” mainstream media , judges and even State Department/government officials , are making a big mistake in their idiotic fight against Donald Trump 's policies ( after all , he won the election fair and square and now he 's delivering 100 % as per his campaign promises ) .
By putting their progressive ideology ahead of their better judgement and national security , these guys will be responsible for the next terrorist attack on US soil .
Syria 's President Bashar al Assad told Yahoo News in an exclusive interview that , let me quote :
“ Those terrorists in Syria , holding the machine gun or killing people , they [ appear as ] peaceful refugees in Europe or in the West . ”
He also noted that you do n't require a big number of terrorists to commit atrocities ; it 's about the “ quality ” and their intentions . And speaking about the almost 5 million Syrian refugees , Assad told Yahoo News :
“ For me , the priority is to bring those citizens to their country , not to help them immigrate . ”
When Assad is more honest when talking to the American people than the liberals , the democrats and the mainstream media , you know that something 's very wrong .
Source : Washington Times , Yahoo
AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan
At last Jack Butland can talk about some good days again . Tuesday was one , back on the training ground at Stoke City .
'Boots on , gloves on , flinging myself all over the place , ' the young goalkeeper smiled .
And Monday was a good day , too . Driving through the gates of St George 's Park to meet Gareth Southgate and the England squad .
Jack Butland admits he has suffered a 'horrendous year ' due to injury
The England goalkeeper is nearing a first-team return after nearly 12 months out
Of all the injured players invited , Butland was the only one to turn up .
'It was brilliant to be back , ' he said . ' I always feel nervous when I arrive . Butterflies . It means something does n't it ? It 's England .
'So I was nervous , especially when I was the only injured player there . I stuck out like a sore thumb but it was really good to be back in the mix . It 's humbling to know I am still in their thoughts . '
Butland has no criticism of those who did n't make it to Southgate 's meeting .
'It 's important for them to be doing the right thing and getting treatment , ' he said .
Equally , the 24-year-old would n't have missed it and revealed the frank messages the new England manager had for his squad .
The 24-year-old has four England caps , the last of which came when he last played football
Butland suffered a stress fracture of the ankle during England 's 3-2 win in Germany last March
' I managed to rearrange my rehab to enable me to go and the fact that I am technically fit made it easier , ' he told Sportsmail .
'There were a few home truths from Gareth that we have n't been good enough . But he also reminded us that we can be the ones to change it , the ones who finally do something with our talent .
'He told us we can be the players who change the direction for English football . It was a really frank , positive meeting and that 's what Gareth brings . '
For Butland , talk about changing the face of English football is perhaps premature and the fact that Southgate 's team face Germany on Wednesday night is poignant .
Just under a year ago the Stoke keeper won his fourth cap against the Germans in a friendly in Berlin and he has not played football since . A stress fracture of the ankle ended his night , his season and hopes of playing in Euro 2016 . And then it got worse .
Initially told he would be back in three months , Butland suffered a setback in pre-season and then another as he warmed up before his proposed comeback for Stoke Under 23s before Christmas .
The 24-year-old helps out at the ticket office as he takes time out of his recovery process
Butland has suffered a series of injury setbacks since the friendly win over Germany
Butland described his year as 'horrendous ' but can finally target getting back on the pitch
'It 's been a horrendous year and that was probably the lowest point , ' he said . 'Something was off that night .
' I did n't feel right and then there was a moment when I jumped and lost all power . I thought I was back and I was n't .
'So I saw a surgeon in Amsterdam — the best in Europe — and he took two minutes to say , `` That 's still broken . We need to go again '' .
'Basically , the initial fracture had reopened . The screws had not quite been placed well enough which left that original injury vulnerable .
'It sounds drastic but it was simple to fix and that was what the new surgeon did , removing two of the screws and placing them in a different area .
'That has enabled a fix that we did n't get the first time . Now I feel really good and ready to go . '
If Butland is upset that the first operation — and indeed another in September — did n't mend him , he does n't show it . Nor does he disguise the fact that a year of frustration and false hope has been mentally difficult .
Stoke 's record with and without Butland between the sticks show that they miss him
The Stoke City No 1 speaks with Sportsmail 's Football Editor Ian Ladyman
'When the surgeon in Amsterdam said it was still broken I remember walking out of the clinic and just calling home and it was all a bit emotional , ' he said .
'There have been a few moments like that , some soppy phone calls to the parents over the last year .
'When you wake up and it still hurts and you do n't know why , that do you in after a while .
'But there are no regrets . I do n't blame anyone . I am just grateful people have stuck by me . I am back now and that 's great . '
Butland is popular at Stoke . Some injured players hide away but not him .
On Monday , he signed autographs for an hour in the club shop as part of a promotion to publicise the fact Stoke have frozen season ticket prices for a 10th successive year .
'This is a community club and it 's amazing they do that , ' he said . 'They care about the fans . '
Butland is forthright , too . Having been back in keeper training for over a fortnight , he will join the rest of Mark Hughes ' squad for the first time on Monday and aims to be back in the team before the end of the season .
Butland is determined to make his first-team return before the end of the season
' I feel confident in the ankle and am I kicking and diving about like I used to , ' he said . ' I am over that mental hurdle .
'It 's beneficial for everyone if I can get some game time and put the season to bed on a high .
'It 's not good for the club if we go in to next season and it 's , 'Ah , Jack has n't played a full game yet ' , and everybody is umming and ahhing about it .
'It changes everyone 's approach . '
Butland has never watched last March 's England game back but will watch on Wednesday .
' I thought I had just rolled my ankle and was stamping it in to the floor to try and sort it , ' he recalled .
' I subsequently tried to kick the ball with it and run with it . I even tried saving a shot . But I had already broken it .
Butland will be watching England take on Germany in Dortmund on Wednesday night
'Panic sets in . You do n't want to come off for your country and look bad so you try to stay on .
'But it ended as bad as it could have done really . The damage had been done . But this time I will be watching as a fan and hoping I will be back soon as a player .
' I feel confident and energised and ready to go . '
Stoke City 's Devot10n offer sees season-ticket prices frozen for the 10th season running .
Supporters can take advantage of early bird prices for the 2017-18 season by purchasing before the March 31 deadline .
Pope Francis is a pioneering pontiff in many ways — he 's the first to take the name of Francis , the first pope from South America , and the first to don the papal robes with an unusual medical condition .
DYLAN MARTINEZ / REUTERS Newly elected Pope Francis , Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Argentina appears on the balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica after being elected by the conclave of cardinals , at the Vatican , March 13 , 2013 .
Pope Francis is a pioneering pontiff in many ways — he 's the first to take the name of Francis , the first pope from South America , and the first to don the papal robes with one lung .
According to the Associated Press , the new Pope had one of his organs removed as a teenager , presumably after a bout with an infection . At that time , it 's possible that antibiotic treatments that are commonly used today to treat such infections were not as available , and to protect patients from further health problems doctors removed the lung as way to stop the infection from spreading .
“ It was probably a pretty bad infection , and maybe even an abscess , that might have caused him to bleed , ” says Dr. John Belperio , association professor of pulmonary and critical care medicine at the David Geffen School of Medicine at University of California Los Angeles . “ If he were bleeding a lot in the lung , the only thing to do is to resect the lung , take it out , to stop the bleeding . ”
MORE : Habeus Papam : Francis , the First Pope from the Western Hemisphere
Most bacterial infections would n't cause such serious damage to the lung tissue , but , says Dr. Ronald Crystal , professor of medicine at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center , some strains , such as staphylococci , are more destructive and could eat away at the delicate organ , leaving doctors with no choice but to remove the affected tissue to prevent more widespread health problems .
( PHOTOS : Pope and Circumstance : the Road to the Papacy )
Anything from pneumonia to a fungus or even tuberculosis could have caused the initial infection , which , if it was n't controlled properly , would have resulted in removal of the lung .
Other possible reasons for the surgery include a birth defect that caused an abnormality in the lung tissue , or an unusual growth of blood vessels into the air sacs that would obstruct normal breathing .
MORE : Why the Election of Pope Francis Is Important for Latin America
Fortunately , the lungs are a redundant system , and losing one lung does n't seriously compromise health . The only concern Pope Francis faced , and will continue to face , is that he has less respiratory reserve than someone with two intact lungs . That means he may be at slightly higher risk of complications from influenza or more vulnerable to succumbing to pneumonia . But , says Belperio , the fact that the 76-year old has lived a relatively healthy life so far demonstrates that his surgery did little to hamper his ability to live a full and active life .
( PHOTOS : Catholics in Latin America Rejoice )
In fact , animal studies suggest that the lung has a remarkable ability to regenerate , and some preliminary work in young children shows that they may be able to regrow some amount of lost lung tissue as well .
As long as the Pope takes extra precautions to protect against infection — including getting vaccinated against pneumonia and having a flu shot every year — there 's no reason to believe the health of the Church 's 266th pontiff will be an issue . “ He 'll do fine , ” says Crystal .
WASHINGTON , DC—The news of Donald Trump 's approval rating reaching 45 % in one opinion poll has been labelled “ historic ” by White House officials , who today confirmed the President 's approval rating has risen above his IQ for the first time .
White House Press Secretary , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , refused to confirm Trump 's actual IQ but acknowledged he was the first president in U.S. history to reach the historic milestone , capping off a year of many firsts for America 's highest office .
“ No President has ever done it before and all within his first 12 months . He just keeps surprising us all . It 's remarkable , ” Sanders said . “ President Trump is incredibly proud of himself and well he should be . ”
With this being the only opinion poll to show Trump 's approval rating at 45 % , there are also varying reports on the President 's IQ , with estimates ranging from as high as 44 to as low as minus 8 .
Regardless , an understandably joyous Trump revelled in the news that he finally had the popularity to match his undoubted intelligence .
“ Of course we all know I always had the brains , and OBVIOUSLY the looks , but now I have the popularity too . # TotalPackage ” the President tweeted his 44 million followers .
“ I 'm getting numbers that no President has ever got , ” he continued . “ Barack could only dream of getting numbers like mine . ”
“ Obama was so unpopular , ” Trump added , of the man with 92 million Twitter followers . “ His approval rating NEVER went over his IQ once in 8 years . He never even came close . Pathetic ! ” Former President Obama did not reply to the tweet directly but did like it .
With such positive numbers across the board , Trump will now focus solely on his golfing handicap having had such little time to spend on the course so far as president .
How proud of President Trump are you ? Let us know on Facebook and Twitter , or support us on Patreon for more !
Wendy Davis prevented a Rick Perry-backed abortion bill from being finalized . | AP Photos Tables may turn on abortion in Texas
Texas Gov . Rick Perry has a message for those hailing new liberal icon Wendy Davis for bringing down a restrictive state abortion measure : Enjoy it while it lasts .
Come Monday , the Texas Legislature will reconvene in special session , and enacting far-reaching abortion limits is a top Perry priority .
Story Continued Below
Davis became an overnight star this week after spearheading the filibuster in the state Senate , preventing the Perry-backed comprehensive abortion bill from being finalized before the session ended even though it had passed by 19-10 . She earned praise from a slew of pro-abortion rights celebrities , from President Barack Obama to Lena Dunham ; was a guest on the major news shows ; picked up tens of thousands of Twitter followers ; and sparked speculation about whether she will make a statewide run .
( PHOTOS : Wendy Davis 's filibuster )
But if national trends are any indication , the liberal rejoicing may be short-lived . Eleven states so far have passed 20-week bans — or earlier — on most abortions . Four have been blocked at least for now by courts because they conflict with Roe v. Wade .
And in Texas , the political reality is strongly against Davis and her supporters .
“ This is simply too important a cause to allow unruly actions of a few to stand in its way , ” the Republican governor told the National Right to Life Convention in Dallas Tuesday . “ And that is the reason I 've announced that I 'm bringing lawmakers back to Austin , Texas , to finish their business. ” That includes banning most abortions after 20 weeks and approving related measures that could lead to the closure of most abortion clinics in Texas .
( Also on POLITICO : Perry : Davis did n't learn from herself )
Even Davis — the pink-sneakered state senator from Fort Worth who led a 13-hour filibuster on Tuesday — concedes that such a measure may pass this time around . Abortion legislation already passed the state House and it had the votes to pass the state Senate .
“ You know , I was able to do this filibuster because this bill came to the floor on the last day of the special session and it made it possible to kill the bill as a consequence , ” Davis said Thursday on “ CBS This Morning. ” “ It 's not likely that they 'll make that same mistake again . Who knows . If they do , we 'll do everything we can to try and kill this bill . ”
Perry took a personal swing at Davis in his Thursday speech , noting that for a time she was a single mother , and saying it was “ unfortunate ” that her success story had n't shaped her views on abortion .
“ Rick Perry 's statement is without dignity and tarnishes the high office he holds , ” she swung back , according to Texas news reports . “ They are small words that reflect a dark and negative point of view . ”
Perry said the anti-abortion measures had support in Texas despite the loud protests in support of Davis — which Lt. Gov . David Dewhurst called an “ unruly mob . ”
“ Glad to see @ GovernorPerry taking a stand for life and the unborn ! ” tweeted Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) after Perry announced that the abortion issue would again go up for consideration . Sen. John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) sent a letter to the National Right to Life convention underscoring his support .
CORRECTION : Corrected by : Libby Isenstein @ 06/27/2013 04:36 PM CORRECTION : An earlier version of this report misstated the number of states that have 20-week or earlier abortion bans . It is 11 .
The coolest San Antonio Spurs commercial of all time ran as part of the NBA 's BIG playoff campaign in 2012 . It very simply showed an offensive play being run in slow motion by Tony Parker , Manu Ginobili and Tim Duncan while only Mobb Deep 's `` Shook Ones '' played in the background . It was perfect . All of it . Every single part . It was exactly who the Spurs are . I think I cried for , like , 45 minutes after I watched it .
The runner-up to the 2012 spot was the one that ran in 2005 , when Nike was doing those bits where NBA players turned into animals . You ca n't find the clip on the Internet anywhere , but the ad strung together separate clips of Manu , Tony and Bruce Bowen before they all morphed into piranhas . Other NBA players got similar treatments in the series . LeBron had one where he turned into a lion , and Dirk had one where he turned into an eagle or something , though if I were in charge I 'd have had him turn into an ostrich . The most charming one of that group of commercials was Earl Boykins ' -- he turned into a tiny poison dart frog , and that 's just adorable .
The least-coolest Spurs commercial of all time was the one where Michael Finley was telling kids not to do drugs .
And somewhere in between all three of those fall the H-E-B commercials , 20 or so segments filmed over the past 10 or so years where various recent Spurs players ( mostly Tim , Manu and Tony , but also sometimes Brent Barry and Bruce Bowen or Matt Bonner and Kawhi Leonard , and even occasionally coach Gregg Popovich ) talk about brisket or laundry detergent or chip salsa .
H-E-B is a San Antonio-based supermarket chain that 's been around for nearly 110 years . They are , to be clear , beloved , woven all the way into the fabric of the city . My friends and I used to ride our bikes to the H-E-B by my house and then go inside and steal the pan de dulce they had on display in the bakery area . It 's one of the first things I remember when I think about being a kid in San Antonio . H-E-B is basically the only grocery store my mom has ever shopped at . When my parents come to visit my family and me in Houston , they drive clean past three separate grocery stores to get to an out-of-the-way H-E-B whenever they need to buy something . That 's just how it is . There is an actual symbiotic relationship there . Which is probably , at least in part , how/why the Spurs/H-E-B commercials have engendered the cult-like appreciation and fanfare they have in San Antonio .
I 'm aware that all NBA cities have these sorts of locally run commercials where NBA players pitch car dealerships and mattress stores and so on -- I 've watched them in Houston for years now -- but I feel confident in assuming that none are better than Spurs/H-E-B ones . The most recent batch , which went live in October , had a reverb that , for the first time in my memory , extended all the way into my Internet purview , landing at Yahoo ! and Sports Illustrated and SLAM and more .
The seven most important H-E-B/Spurs commercials from their run together :
This was one of the four most recent ones from the aforementioned October batch . People were excited about this one because it was the first time that Kawhi Leonard ever spoke in his whole entire life . ( Kawhi will grow to be as loved a Spur as there ever has been , I 'm sure of it . He 's perfect . I love him . ) You 'll notice how easy Parker is in it , which is something he only recently figured out how to do . Duncan is an admirable straight man , a role he has held for the entirety of the series . And Manu is Manu , which is to say that he is God 's Hand .
Important because it is the only commercial that 's ever been played in San Antonio that implied that a threesome was about to occur . Respect history , son .
Kawhi again . Every time I watch this my heart melts to liquid from being so in love and then leaks out of my everything . Kawhi is an angel on Earth .
Note : During Game 6 of last year 's NBA Finals , when Kawhi missed one of the two free throws he shot at the end of the game , giving the Spurs a three-point lead over the Heat ( which Ray Allen eventually gobbled up ) instead of four , that was very much the saddest point of my whole entire life . Not because the Spurs lost . I mean , it 's whatever . I 've seen the Spurs lose before . I 'll watch them lose again . That 's not a thing . It was so sad because it happened to Kawhi -- TO MY KAWHI . It was worse than when I watched my own son steal a ball from his teammate during his YMCA basketball game and then dribble to wrong side of the court and shoot a layup .
Kawhi again , OMG .
Important because Pop shows up . My one dream is to play for Coach Popovich . My other dream is that they remake “ Bloodsport ” and I get to play the lead . I 'll take either one of those dreams .
I met Brent Barry once . He was thoughtful and engaging . I liked him as a human . And I definitely liked him as a player for the Spurs , particularly during Game 1 of the West finals against the Phoenix Suns in 2005 ( he went 5-for-8 on 3-pointers and tied for the highest plus/minus of any player on the court ) . And I enjoy him as a commentator and analyst , too . The best Brent Barry TV moment was when he was on NBA TV 's `` Open Court '' and was ornery when discussing the dunk contest that he won . But I just did n't care for him much in these spots . It always seemed like he should 've been funnier . I do n't know . The Spurs won two titles with him , though , so he 's good by San Antonio forever .
Important because it was the only time in these commercials that Bruce Bowen was funny ( the `` How are they gon na respect us ... '' line ) .
Note : Bowen is one of my all-time favorite Spurs players . Whenever I played rec league basketball in college or even today I always claim No . 12 for my stuff . I always appreciated his tenacity . I also appreciated his willingness to trip other players . That 's basically my best defensive move , just tripping people while they 're running around . # Bowen4lyfe
There have of course been other fun commercials in Spurs history . The American Express one with Tim Duncan is a personal favorite , if only because the herculean Kevin Willis has a very sneaky cameo in it . And there 's also the Mister Robinson 's Neighborhood one David Robinson did with Charles Barkley . And the Sprite one with Tim Duncan and Grant Hill where they 're doing odd jobs during the 1998 NBA lockout . And the shaving one with Tim and Robinson together shortly after the Spurs drafted Tim . But maybe the best is the above Pizza Hut one , where David Robinson is talking to Dennis Rodman about how Rodman needs to open up and allow himself to be more weird .
I miss David Robinson so much .
I assume that these commercials will go on forever . There is no chance that the Spurs will ever leave San Antonio and there is an even smaller chance that H-E-B will ever not be around . And I 'm grateful for that and happy . I just pray that Kawhi is around for just as long .
New Super Mario Bros. U is an extraordinarily important game . It 's the flagship title for a new piece of gaming hardware . It 's the first-ever high-definition Mario . And it 's the Wii U 's first system-seller , one of the big games that Nintendo hopes will convince people to buy their innovative , unusual new console .
It 's also just another Mario game .
Not that `` just another Mario game '' is a critical description ; Mario games are consistently delightful , charming , and fun to play . But New Super Mario Bros. U is the fourth game in the New Super Mario Bros. series , a set of 2-D platformers that have all blended together in my mind , mostly because they all follow the same exact rules . Levels are always short and full of secrets—star coins , power-ups , hidden exits . Every level has a mid-point flag that 's sort of a de-facto save point , and it always turns Mario big if he 's small . There 's always a desert world , an ice world , a final , lava-filled world where magma falls from the sky . Every world has a mini-boss and a regular boss . Those bosses all take three hits before they go down . Bowser always kidnaps the princess .
Just a few months ago , I played and reviewed New Super Mario Bros. 2 on 3DS . I called it a bedtime story , noting that while you always know exactly what you 're gon na get in a New Super Mario Bros. game , what 's exciting is the adventure . What you find along the way .
But you can only listen to the same story so many times . When I loaded up New Super Mario Bros. U on our office 's fancy new Wii U this past weekend , I found it tough to stay interested . I had played New Super Mario Bros. 2 in August . Did I really want to jump and hop on the same enemies , in the same worlds , using the same power-ups I used just three months ago ?
Advertisement
WHY : Because , like most Mario games , it never stops feeling fun .
New Super Mario Bros. U
Developer : Nintendo
Platforms : Wii U
Release Date : November 18
Type of game : Mario
What I played : Spent 8-9 hours completing the game , testing out multiplayer , and scouring the world for hidden secrets .
Advertisement
My Two Favorite Things
I 've never played a Mario game this gorgeous .
The GamePad adds clever new ways to play both alone and with other people .
My Two Least-Favorite Things
Not a whole lot we have n't seen before .
Some nauseating platforming moments if you 're using the GamePad as your screen .
Made-to-Order Back-of-Box Quotes
`` Definitely a Mario game . '' —Jason Schreier , Kotaku.com
`` Is n't this from ... ? Yes . Yes it is . '' —Jason Schreier , Kotaku.com
Sure , this one 's pretty , maybe the prettiest Mario game you can play without plugging Mario Galaxy 2 into an emulator . Gorgeous backgrounds—like a stunning , watercolor-painted swampland in one of the game 's latter stages—ensure that there 's always something pretty to watch as you play . The plumber does well in high def .
Advertisement
But New Super Mario Bros. U feels old , even as it looks new . In many ways it feels like a remix of Super Mario World and Super Mario Bros. 3—two of the best Mario games , yes , but they were great because they were original . They were smart , and clever , and like nothing we had ever seen in gaming before . New Super Mario Bros. U is smart , and clever , and completely traditional . Baby Yoshis ? Ground-stomping sumo wrestlers ? Airships filled with dangerous traps and wrench-throwing moles ? Worlds named after food ? Sometimes it seems like a Family Guy episode : `` Oh hey , look , another reference to something from the 90s ! Nostalgia ! ''
What 's really new here , of course , is the fact that you can play this game on the Wii U 's tablet-esque GamePad , an exceptionally comfortable device that feels fantastic to hold and use . You can play on your TV while controlling Mario on your GamePad , or turn off the big-screen to play on the small screen in your lap ( my personal preference ) .
Advertisement
This choice wo n't affect your single-player experience much ( with one rare exception—for some sections you have to tilt the controller in order to move certain platforms , which can be totally nauseating if you 're looking at the controller 's screen while tilting it ) . It 's actually rather surprising just how traditional a Mario game this is , considering the trappings .
( I remember playing a Wii U Mario demo at E3 2011 , during which I would go through a pipe on the big screen and then appear in an underground area on my controller 's screen , not unlike what some games have done on the DS and 3DS . This idea was ditched for New Super Mario Bros. U , which keeps both screens mirrored the entire time . )
What 's really unusual is the way that the GamePad can be used for multiplayer . When you 're playing with other people , one person can tap on the GamePad to conjure up helpful little blocks to save—or annoy—their platforming comrades . Good timing and communication here can make your life much easier .
Advertisement
This multiplayer requires an interesting sort of coordination that Kotaku editor Stephen Totilo has compared to a synchronized jazz performance . It 's a fun way to spice up the standard campaign , but it 's even more fun ( and challenging ) when you open up some of the optional modes that task you with navigating through tricky courses and obstacles . One stage , for example , forced Stephen and I to work together to circumvent a maze of nasty piranha plants—as I jumped , he 'd have to draw platforms to get me out of harm 's way . It 's difficult , exasperating , and a great deal of fun .
So , okay . There are two questions you are probably wondering , two questions that I would be remiss not to answer .
The first : is New Super Mario Bros. U worth playing ? To which I say absolutely . It 's gorgeous and fun to play , and although you might want to give it a while if , like me , you just played New Super Mario Bros. 2 , it 's still a lovely game .
Advertisement
But is New Super Mario Bros. U worth buying a Wii U for ? I really do n't think so . This is not a killer app , like The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess was for the Wii so long ago . It 's not the type of game you must play . It 's a standard Super Mario Bros. game , easily consumable and always fun , even when it does n't feel super fresh . It 's just another Mario .
Not that that 's a bad thing .
Hosting provider Peer1 decided to get all geeky ahead of South by Southwest and created what it 's calling the Map of the Internet . Unlike cute maps showing web sites or personal viewpoints , this map illustrates what ISP is connected to what Internet Exchange or university network across a vast array of networks stretching around the world . It 's pretty sweet to look at , and Peer1 is handing out posters of the map at SXSW for the truly nerdy ( I 'd put it next to my spectrum-allocation charts ) .
Rajan Sodhi , VP of marketing and communications at PEER 1 , said the map was created using data from the Cooperative Association for Internet Data Analysis and contains information on 19,869 web players connected by 44,344 connections . The size of the nodes and the thickness of the lines indicates the size of those particular providers and their connections . Check Google ( s goog ) at I8 or Verizon ( s vz ) at F15 .
Advertisement
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req 'd ) :
Gisela ( 757–810 ) was the daughter of Pepin the Short and his wife Bertrada of Laon . She was the sister of Charlemagne and Carloman . [ 1 ] She was betrothed to Leo , the son of Byzantine Emperor Constantine V ( the future Emperor Leo IV ) but the contract was broken .
Charlemagne 's biographer Einhard states that Gisela had been dedicated to religion since her childhood . She became a nun at Chelles Abbey , where she was eventually made abbess . [ 1 ] As the abbess at Chelles Abbey , Gisela oversaw one of the most prolific nuns ' scriptoria active in the 8th and 9th centuries . [ 2 ] According to Einhard she had good relations with her brother Charlemagne , who `` treated her with the same respect which he showed his mother . '' She died in 810 at the convent she had served for most of her life .
Alcuin was a close friend . He dedicated the last two books of his commentary on John 's gospel to her and her niece , Rotrudis . [ 3 ]
Charlemagne and his wife Hildegard also named a daughter Gisela . Gisela the Younger lived from about 781 to after at least 808 , but little else is known of her life .
References [ edit ]
At long last , Omens of the Past is finally here ! With the first tournament just on the horizon , I wanted to start predicting what new cards will have the most impact on the metagame . Originally , this started as an article about only my top 10 cards for constructed from the set . After some excitement and banter from the team , it quickly turned into a full-team activity where every member made a list .
Here was what we did : each member ( minus trippedoutfish ) sent me their list of the top 10 cards from Omens of the Past . To be clear with our terms , “ top cards ” in this context meant “ most influential ” : cards that would have the strongest impact on the format , not necessarily the best cards ( though naturally there is quite a bit of overlap between these two categories . ) The most influential cards are ones that will completely alter how decks are made and games are played out , as they need to consider those cards and the archetypes they may create due to their power level and options they add to the playing field .
Here was our list . All of them are ranked in order of predicted power ( # 1 being the most influential ) , with the exception of two players , Brianorwhatever and Smj1360 , who opted to not have their list be in 1-10 order . Many of them also included reasoning for their card choices that I 'll be discussing here—some players , such as Bradykin , writing at lengths that might even test the boundaries for what is considered a short novel .
Let 's start talking about some cards and what players had to say , starting with the only card that appeared on everyone 's list : Kothon , the Far-Watcher .
It 's clear that Kothon is incredibly powerful . Several players described Kothon , the Far-Watcher as one of the most powerful cards from Omens of the Past , with HiThar even going as far as to call him the best card in the set . Acting as a “ baby Siraf ” , Kothon functions great at almost any stage in the game and works as a slow-yet-steady win condition by himself should he get to activate his ultimate . Endurance allows Kothon to be a great option for holding weapons or function as a strong Mentor target . Perhaps most importantly , Kothon offers all of this while also having the ever important 2 strength , allowing him to be targeted by Crystalline Chalice .
Kothon 's strength lies in his blatant efficiency rather than creating a powerful new strategy or presenting a new answer to the format . He 's an easy inclusion into most decks that include the factions , from aggressive to control archetypes , and ensures your deck has more ways to end the game via the ever-popular “ death by owls ” strategy .
Despite all the praise , many players—myself included—were not entirely sold that he will warp the metagame in the way other cards will . Several team members , including KampfKrote and TheSkeeJay , thought Kothon may even be slightly overhyped despite his power level . I 'm of the opinion that , while he 's incredibly powerful , he will define more of how players using the Hooru factions will build their decks rather than how opponents will because of Kothon 's existence . That did n't stop every one of us from putting him in our top 10 , however .
The next most popular card , at nine votes , was Ayan , the Abductor :
This card seemed to fly under the radar for the first few days of the Omens release before players began to catch on . Ayan is arguably the best Ambush unit currently in the game besides Desert Marshal ( though , to be honest , Desert Marshal often acts more like a Deathstrike than a unit . ) Perhaps more importantly , Ayan is one of the strongest Lifesteal units among a small pool of options . Putting both of these roles into one card allows Ayan to fill multiple needs in many different decks . Even with just the first line of text , Ayan would be playable , but he also gets a nifty ultimate that adds some reach should you get to very late in the game . Much like Kothon , Ayan is less of a “ build around ” and more of a flexible all-star that can lend a hand to many different decks .
Ayan brought out a lot of excitement in several players on Team SPG . “ Ayan is the card of these three that most resembles the set 1 gold standard of Siraf in terms of her consistent usefulness and how ubiquitous I 'm expecting him to be among Xenan decks , ” Bradykin noted . “ He 's not Siraf 's power level , not quite ; he would need a 4th toughness for that . But he 's very , very close. ” KampfKrote believes Ayan is the best lifesteal card in set two , which was enough to put Ayan in the # 1 spot for him . Of the nine players that put Ayan in their top 10 , six of them placed Ayan within the top 5 . It will be exciting to see if Ayan lives up to the hype as the metagame begins to form .
Up next are two cards that will likely appear together in every deck they are placed in . Every player had at least one of these cards on their list . Presenting : Champion of Fury and Vadius , Clan Father .
Champion of Fury is the most aggressive two-drop in the game . Without much difficulty , Champion of Fury will often come down as a 3/2 with Charge , and in some cases , a 4/2 with Charge and Overwhelm on turn two . That fills aggro players like myself with joy and gives most non-aggro players a lump in their throat . Without an answer , Champion of Fury threatens a lot of damage and will put players within reach of death by burn spells .
Calimdir was confident enough in the power of Champion of Fury to put it at # 1 on his list . “ My number one pick for the most meta-shaping card is Champion of Fury , ” he commented . “ This is a bit of a catch-all for the new Skycrag archetype as a whole . Vadius is arguably the most powerful tool Skycrag received from Omens , but turn 1 Oni ronin into turn 2 activated Champion is what really pushes the deck into levels of aggression most builds of Stonescar only ever dreamed about . ”
Vadius does n't deal as much damage as Champion of Fury but makes up for it with Quickdraw , Aegis to make him harder to remove , and a fantastic ultimate that provides a lot of reach to end games ( as well as making use of a cool card from The Empty Throne that just was n't quite fast enough to see play . ) Having 3 strength and Quickdraw allows Vadius to swing past many defensive threats , such as the aforementioned Ayan and Kothon , and many other cards that would otherwise threaten to trade with him , such as Dawnwalker , Amber Acolyte , and Copperhall Bailiff . Thanks to his battle skills , the Clan Father is also an excellent weapon user , making even cards like Morningstar see play . Champion of Fury gets the game rolling in your favor while Vadius makes sure the game ends in your victory . Most players on SPG see promise in Skycrag Aggro becoming a top deck , with Smj1360 and TheSkeeJay holding that it will become a tier one deck on the back of these two units .
Next , another card that made 9 out of 11 players lists , yet was still quite controversial : Heart of the Vault .
Heart of the Vault ( HotV ) is a value machine and perhaps the single scariest unit from Omens of the Past . Just dropping HotV gains you some card advantage by drawing you a card ( with a cost reduction no less ) and potentially kills a unit , or at worst breaks an Aegis . With Warp , HotV effectively draws you another card if you play him off the top of your deck . Lastly , at 6/6 for 6 , it 's often the biggest unit on the board when it comes into play . Most people who have played HotV or had it played against them have likely seen its ability to completely swing games in favor of the person playing it .
All of this did n't stop HotV from being one of the most contentious cards from the new set . Most players , while acknowledging it 's power , were skeptical of the rest of Praxis to come together into a tier one deck . Citing its lack of removal , among other things , players do n't think Praxis has what it takes to be a metagame powerhouse . Other players , such as myself , see Heart of the Vault the powerhouse card that Praxis needed to become a deck . I believe HotV will set the bar for other midrange decks , as it is clearly the largest and most swingy mid-game threat that other decks can not keep up with .
Our next contender is the first spell on the list : Slay .
Slay is arguably the best single-target removal spell in the game . This elegant card offers something any deck playing Justice and Shadow , and even gives a strong incentive to splash one of these factions—Feln control decks will likely be quite happy to add a few pieces of Justice influence to cast this card . While Deathstrike has been in the game , is a Shadow only card , and is fast speed , the one power difference in cost on Slay is huge , freeing up power to play other cards .
Another Argenport card that was much more disputed was Bartholo , the Seducer :
Bartholo is arguably the first playable card with Unblockable , which is quite a big deal considering he 's also in the faction known for its weapons and ability to grow units . What really puts Bartholo over the top is Aegis , making him particularly threatening to midrange decks and anything else that ca n't find an answer fast enough . Bartholo will often get to act as a second Silverwing Familiar , being suited up into a large , evasive monstrosity that takes the game by itself . Many players , such as Bradykin , think that Bartholo will enable Argenport aggro decks , though others were skeptical that the deck was going to do a better job than Rakano . Regardless , his presence will be powerful : he threatens to take down games by himself . If Bartholo decks ever get too popular , it will likely have the adverse effect of seducing armory-style decks to the field as well . Any card that can have such a strong impact on a metagame merits a place on these lists .
The last Argenport card that made many lists was Inquisitor Makto :
A 5/5 Flying for 5 is quite playable on its own , and Inquisitor Makto 's ability to always come back against any deck without silence creates inevitability that decks will have to be prepared for . TheSkeeJay was happy to put Makto at # 2 , noting these strengths as all Makto will need to be a relevant threat . However , his original hype has died down a bit after people started to see him in action . Several people in Team SPG were hesitant about Makto 's long-term power , citing how easily he is shut down and how unfavorably he matches up against a lot of common cards . Smj1360 's comment on Makto summed up most players thoughts :
I 'm very torn on Makto . On the one hand , he 's a great costed and recurring threat that requires very specific cards to remove . On the other hand , he gets blocked by Sandstorm Titan and looks pretty bad against a Steward of the Past . Both of these cards come down before Makto and prevent him from doing much of anything in a midrange/control matchup . Against any midrange/control deck not playing those cards he 's an excellent threat that generates a huge advantage both against and with sweepers and against single target removal as well . Whether or not he impacts the format really depends on whether or not cards like Steward and Titan start seeing play again as they have fallen out of favor as of late with decks like Chalice and more aggressive decks being prominent in the tournament scene .
After Makto , opinions start to vary even more . One card that showed up in half the lists ( as well as many honorable mention lists ) was Waystone Infuser :
Waystone Infuser has a lot going for her . She combos very well with a lot of cards , such as Mystic Ascendant and Marshall Ironthorn . She can draw several cards if she gets to stick around and even sports the ability to Warp in herself . The only thing that might be stopping this value engine from making a big splash is her cost : five is a lot to pay . Waystone Infuser also competes with many other cards such as the aforementioned Marshall Ironthorn ( who sports a stat line that is often much preferred to the meddling 2/6 . ) Despite the uncertainty surrounding Waystone Infuser , her ability is far too strong to ignore , which is likely why players were happy to put her in their top 10 .
At this point , many players had very differing thoughts , which resulted in a lot of cards with only a few votes . Groundbreaker earned four votes , Eilyn 's Choice and Banish each earned three , Rockslide and Spellshield Architect each earned two , and a whole slew of cards earned just a single place . Initially , I thought there would be a lot more agreement among cards , but I was very pleasantly surprised at just how much the team disagreed both on the placement of cards on their lists and whether or not cards even deserved a place on the list .
It will be very exciting to see just how the metagame shapes up over the next several weeks . I , personally , could not be more excited about the ETS tournament this weekend . It 's a great time to be an Eternal player .
Advertisements
Islamic State ( Isis ) has banned Nike clothing and footwear in Syria and Iraq as part of a widespread crackdown on `` sexual '' words and terms .
The Islamist group has published a list of banned words , which include `` bitch '' , `` whore '' and `` hussy '' as well as religious terms such as `` vicar '' and `` cross '' .
IS distributed leaflets in Raqqa warning : `` Beware guys , from serious foreign words , '' and listed Nike alongside a list of 20 other banned words , which included musician Madonna .
It is not clear whether the group objects to the veteran singer 's name - which is religious - or her musical output but given IS 's feelings about music generally , it is likely to be both .
The group has gone a step further than simply banning the term Nike , which it claims sounds like the Arabic word `` Neikh '' [ نكح ] , which translates as `` sexual intercourse '' .
In leaflets distributed in Raqqa and published on 23 April by anti-IS Syrian activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently , IS warns shopkeepers or market traders who sell Nike products could be fined , jailed or publicly flogged .
It is not the first time IS has moved to impose its draconian laws on fashion on the residents of the so-called Islamic caliphate . In April , it banned skinny jeans and activists say many young men have already been punished for flaunting the rule .
IS also banned table football and watching El Clasico , the football match between Spanish football giants Barcelona and Real Madrid .
In October 2014 , Al-Qaeda called for a ban of McDonald 's and Wal Mart , which it argued were `` symbols of crusader globalisation '' .
Sam Dastyari : Opposition Leader Bill Shorten wo n't sack 'junior ' senator over Chinese money row
Updated
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says he will not sack Labor Senator Sam Dastyari from the party 's frontbench .
Key points : Coalition accusing Dastyari of allowing bill deal to influence his comments on China
Shorten says he will give Dastyari `` a second chance ''
Senator Bernadi calling for reform on overseas political donations
Senator Dastyari has been under pressure since reports emerged that he asked a company with links to the Chinese Government pay a $ 1,670.82 bill incurred by his office .
The senator has conceded that he did the wrong thing , but the Coalition has suggested he allowed the payments to influence his comments on China , and has demanded he step down .
Mr Shorten today dismissed the insinuations , saying that he had `` explained to Senator Dastyari our policy on the South China Sea and he has expressed his unreserved support for our policy '' .
He told reporters in Melbourne that Senator Dastyari had been severely counselled after his `` imprudent decision '' .
`` I 've spoken to him severely and I 've made it crystal clear that this is not the behaviour I expect in the future from him , '' Mr Shorten said .
`` I am prepared however to give him a second chance because I think he can make a contribution to this country . ''
Describing the Manager of Opposition Business in the Senate as a `` junior senator '' , Mr Shorten instead called on the Government to back reform to foreign political donations .
The politicians leading the call for reform
Both Labor and the Greens are calling for overseas political donations to be banned , with Liberal backbencher Cory Bernardi also backing the push .
Senator Bernardi told the ABC that it was `` wrong for substantial amounts of money from foreign entities in non-democratic governments to flow into [ the ] Australian body-politic '' .
He said the time for reform was now .
`` It 's timely and it 's in the interests of the country to reform political donations , '' he said .
`` Donations should only be made to political parties by those who are registered on the Australian electoral roll , they should be capped by a finite amount and they should only be made by individuals . ''
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters yesterday that the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters was considering reform `` in the normal way '' .
Speaking on the sidelines of the G20 summit in China , Mr Turnbull added that `` Mr Shorten has got to decide whether he is going to continue standing up for Sam Dastyari 's cash for comment '' .
Mr Turnbull has also been sent a letter from Greens leader Richard Di Natale , who has called for an end to donations from foreign entities and corporations .
In the letter , dated yesterday , Senator Di Natale said the Government should also introduce a strict cap on donations from not-for-profit organisations .
`` Let us use this most recent incident involving Senator Dastyari as an opportunity to rid our polity of external influences that seek to steer decision making towards their own commercial advantage , '' he said .
Topics : government-and-politics , alp , federal-government , australia
First posted
Should Massachusetts legalize marijuana for recreational use ?
That 's one of the questions put to voters on the November 2016 ballot . Question 4 legalizes the possession , use , distribution and cultivation of marijuana by people age 21 and older . The question legalizes `` home grow '' as well as pot shops .
Question 4 also seeks to regulate marijuana products and tax the sales through a new Cannabis Control Commission .
Proponents of the measure say it would drive down a black market run by drug dealers and shift the state to a tightly regulated system that would bring in tax revenue in the same way similar measures have done for Colorado , Washington , Alaska and Oregon .
Opponents argue the measure will lead to a massive commercial marijuana industry taking root in Massachusetts , comparable to `` Big Tobacco , '' marketing marijuana products to young people .
Massachusetts voters approved marijuana for medical use in 2012 , after voting to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana in 2008 .
Check out live results for the question above .
How are the swing states voting ? Check out live election updates from every swing state here
Consider an argument for denying First Amendment protection to movies and video games . Human beings , we all agree , have constitutional rights—but mere machines do not . When the computer in your game console or DVD player “ decides ” to display certain images on a screen , therefore , this is not protected speech , but merely the output of a mechanical process that legislatures may regulate without any special restrictions . All those court rulings that have found these media to be protected forms of expression , therefore , are confused efforts to imbue computers with constitutional rights—surely foreshadowing the ominous rise of Skynet .
Probably nobody finds this argument very convincing , and it hardly takes a legal scholar to see what 's wrong with it : Computers do n't really autonomously “ decide ” anything : They execute algorithms that embody decisions made by their human programmers . ( If , one day , we develop advanced Artificial Intelligences that really are effectively autonomous speakers , their constitutional status will be a fascinating and difficult question ) . Movies and video games are made by teams of human beings , whose expressive choices are merely executed and transmitted by computers . You ca n't somehow “ just ” regulate the computer without effectively restricting human expression at the same time . Simple , obvious .
Yet writing in The New York Times , legal scholar Tim Wu makes a surprisingly similar argument with respect to search engines and various kinds of data sharing on social networking sites or online marketplaces . Wu is implicitly responding to those like Eugene Volokh , who claim that the First Amendment does indeed constrain legislatures who might seek to regulate these activities for the sake of privacy or informational “ fairness. ” Is there any way to distinguish Wu 's argument from my imagined , clearly invalid one ? Wu hints at one :
The line can be easily drawn : as a general rule , nonhuman or automated choices should not be granted the full protection of the First Amendment , and often should not be considered “ speech ” at all . ( Where a human does make a specific choice about specific content , the question is different . )
This does n't seem all that easy to me , however . In many video games , the exact progression of any particular play-through will often be partly ( and in some cases substantially ) randomized . In performances of “ aleatoric music , ” perhaps most famously associated with the avant garde composer John Cage , a human artist provides an algorithmic structure that leaves the “ specific content ” of the piece to be determined by chance—whether provided by a computer or some other pseudorandom mechanism—and therefore varying in each performance . All compositions , for that matter , are essentially “ algorithms ” whose specific character as a heard expression , will be determined by a performer , whether human or machine . And do we really think a blog that rounded up links and produced summaries of important news stories about privacy or human rights could be unceremoniously shut down if it were assembled and published by a scraping algorithm rather than active human curation ? What degree of human intervention in the running of an aggregation algorithm would transform it into protected speech ? Would it be enough to manually delete irrelevant links incorrectly harvested by the algorithm , or tweak poorly-worded summaries , before each post went live ? Must the programmer be careful not to make her algorithm too good , lest she render such intervention unnecessary and surrender First Amendment protection ?
If Wu 's argument seems in any way plausible , it 's because his computer/human distinction is not actually doing any of the heavy lifting in his piece . When he writes that various kinds of information manipulation are “ only indirectly related to the purposes of the First Amendment , ” the force of the argument depends entirely on how far we agree with that normative judgment about those classes of information processing , not the means by which they 're accomplished . It 's clear that Wu—in contrast to Volokh—believes that the commercial sale of databases of personal information is not “ speech ” in the sense intended by the First Amendment . Would he really feel any differently if those databases were compiled and transmitted by hand , rather than electronically ? Or , turning to the search context , would it really matter if the task of recommending a list of Web sites deemed relevant to a topic ( or especially family-friendly , or whatever other feature a company might be advertising ) were carried out by humans in a data center in Bangalore , rigorously following a list of criteria developed by some different group of human analysts , and encouraging them to recommend partners and paid advertisers over their competitors whenever possible ? Again , of course not . The real argument—everything Wu says that has any persuasive force to it—depends on the character of the activity in question , not its implementation .
So why focus on the computer/human distinction at all ? First , because courts are justifiably reluctant to declare whole classes of expressive conduct beyond the bounds of the First Amendment : The whole point of a presumption of free speech is to avoid having to make ad hoc determinations about the “ social value ” of various kinds of expression . Second , because the character-based arguments on their own , relying on a sharp distinction between commerce and speech that 's hard to draw in a blurry world , are all subject to strong counterarguments , and probably insufficient to overcome the presumption in favor of expression .
As a slogan , “ Free speech for humans , not for computers ” sounds pithy and appears to provide a bright-line standard that avoids the hard and messy questions involved in an analysis grounded in the nature of the speech ( or , more neutrally , “ information manipulation ” ) itself . But again , that distinction does no independent work in the argument . If Wu wants to make the case that certain categories of conduct involving information deserve diminished protection , whether directly executed by humans or indirectly with the aid of computer processors , he should do so . The attempt to shift the focus to a red-herring distinction between human and computer “ expression ” betrays a recognition that this case , stated clearly on its own terms , is a weak one .
A major transportation hub for Orange County , linking buses , trains and other modes of transportation , is just a few months away from opening to commuters.Workers are constructing the Anaheim Regional Transportation Intermodal Center on Katella Avenue near the 57 Freeway in Anaheim.The 67,000-square-foot , steel-framed building is set to open in December and is expected to bring Metrolink , Amtrak , OCTA buses , taxis and tour buses under one roof.City officials hope the new hub will serve more than 10,000 passengers a day and that the public will use it to visit Angel Stadium and the Honda Center.Inside , ARTIC has room for six retailers . So far , only a coffee house called The Lost Bean has locked in a space.Federal , state and local funds paid for the project , which cost $ 188 million .
Naming of teas has always been problematic , especially when there are so many different ways of doing it for such a huge number of varieties in the thousands of tea regions and subregions .
In the naming of wine , you see either the region name or the vine variety name , or both together . Basing on that one can have a good idea what kind of wine you are getting . The name of the vineyard is the final seal of quality assurance . Some vineyards become so famous with certain wine that their names become the name of the wines . Otherwise , there are not a lot of irregularities in the naming of wine .
This systematic approach makes it easy for the market to understand the product and what to expect behind the label of a name .
In tea , this simplicity does not exist
As far as we know , there are these popular ways in how the name of a tea can be formed :
Cultivar name
A tea can be named after its cultivar , such as Aijiao Wulong , Huangzhi Xiang , Rougui ( Cassia ) , etc Association of appearance
Some names have been created basing on an associated image of the shape of the processed tea leaf , such as Baimudan ( White Peony ) , Biluochun ( Spring Snails ) , Golden Dragon , etc Description of pluck shape
Similarly , a tea name may be the description of the appearance of the pluck , such as Guapian ( meaning Melon Seed , describing the shape of the green leaves ) , Maofeng ( meaning downy apex , referring to the down-covered leaf shoot ) , Zixun ( meaning Purple Shoot ) , etc Modified product form
The appearance of a product can be modified quite dramatically from the leaf form . The name of the modified form is used sometimes as a product name . Matcha , Brick tea , Tuocha , etc are examples . Production process
The production process or tea subcategoric name can also be the name of a tea , such as Sencha ( Steamed tea ) , Gongfu Black Tea ( previously translated as Congou and presently misused in almost all Western brands ) , White Tea etc Production condition
A particular production condition related to the final quality of a product is used in the name for a certain prestige for some teas . Examples include Kabuse-cha ( Shaded growth tea ) , Dancong ( Single Bush harvest ) , Yancha ( tea from the cliffs ) , etc Region name
Region names are used too , such as Pu'er , Dongding , Darjeeling , etc Grading name
Grading names , limited as they are , have a strong presence in the market , such as Orange Pekoe , Imperial Golden Tip , Gunpowder , etc . In b2b communications , grade jargons are essential , particularly for mass market products , including such labels as STGFOP , Zhu 1 , 401 etc . History/ Legend
Names associated with a tea 's history , be it a true story or a fable , are quite popular : such as Earl Grey , Monkey Pick , Da Hongpao ( Big Red Cloak ) etc Marketing name
Purely marketing names , from the old days to the just invented . Examples are Gyokuro ( Sweet Dew ) , Oriental Beauty , English Breakfast , etc Added taste/ aroma
When taste or aroma is added to a tea , its name will also be modified to reflect that . Examples include Jasmine Pearls , Milk Oolong , Chrysanthemum Pu'er etc Combination name
Any of the above can be combined to form a final name . When the region name is used , you see such names as Huangshan Maofeng , Xihu Longjing , Keemun Snails etc . When a production condition is used as a qualifier , you see Darjeeling First Flush , Hand-roasted Biluochun , Yancha Shuixian etc
The Quality behind a Name
It is important to note that while some products are appropriately named , a large proportion of merchandise are only remotely qualified for the name . We have seen that situation in many old style teashops , internet vendors , and even big brand names .
Quality irregularity is prevalent for many reasons . The hugely diversified production processing is one . The extremely polarised concept of tea as a product is another . I will not go on to distract the focus of this article , but will mention two key market conditions related to the label of a tea .
What is a top premium grade in one brand maybe equivalent to an ordinary quality in another .
Basically there are no laws or rules to govern how a retail merchant grade a product . I am worried that I see this bad practice spilling off even to b2b trading . The only solution to this is comparative shopping .
Prestigious region names are often borrowed to label a product , even though in reality , productions authentically from a reputable region is no guarantee of quality .
This is a story that I like to tell people all the time :
A gigantic previously national owned enterprise bought the hill which the four original shuixian tea bushes named as Da Hongpao are . You would think that they would have the best of the tea . They had the rightful origin claim , selling at an extreme price and yet for quality barely above restaurant grade .
By contrast , there are only a couple of families producing authentic Shiguping Wulong in Liaoxiya , a small hill village in tiny region of the tea 's same name . Weather permitting , their productions have never failed . They produce only one harvest each year to ensure that quality .
Such is an extreme comparison when authentic origin is concerned . I have many , many more stories to tell .
All in all , it is a sharp learning curve to understand the label of a tea . Above that , the quality a consumer gets from the label is only as good as the vendor 's skills and conscience in delivering the optimum quality for that label .
Let 's do a quiz
Nevertheless , learning the right quality for the right label is an important step in tea appreciation . Before you continue researching in this site or any other information sources the meaning of a particular label , Let 's do a little quiz below . See if you can tell which of the above methods are used in the seven popular tea names in this quiz » GO TO QUIZ
( Prize for those who can do all the names )
Breitbart Inadvertently Admits To Lying About Sherrod 's NAACP Audience July 5 , 2011 12:48 PM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› MATT GERTZ
For nearly a year , we 've been pointing out that one of the blatant lies Andrew Breitbart has told to defend his smear of Shirley Sherrod is the claim that the NAACP audience she was speaking to `` applauded '' her supposed `` racism . '' Last week , Breitbart appears to have accidentally admitted to lying about that response on multiple occasions . In a profile last week of Breitbart , The New York Times helped the blogger-provocateur lie by uncritically reporting his false defense , writing that `` Mr. Breitbart said ... the crowd applauded when Ms. Sherrod said she did not help '' a white man save his failing farm . After I pointed out that one could easily watch the original Sherrod smear clip and determine that no such applauding occurred , the Times issued a correction indicating that the audience `` did not applaud , although Mr. Breitbart stated that they did . '' Eric Boehlert and Brad Friedman subsequently pointed to another possible error in the Times article , which the paper 's public editor is currently reviewing ( Friedman has also noted that the text of the article itself has been edited to hide Breitbart 's lie ) . After New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen said on Twitter that the Times ' correction `` does n't go far enough , '' Breitbart responded with his typical wit and charm : So according to Breitbart , his explanation of what happened is accurate because when he says `` applaud , '' he does n't mean that the audience was `` clapping . '' He 's just using `` applaud '' to refer to the `` nodding approval and murmurs of recognition and agreement '' he mentioned in his original Sherrod post ( which , as we 'll explain below do not show racism on the part of Sherrod or her audience ) . This explanation fails the laugh test ( as a failed Hollywood type , Breitbart really should know that when you 're referring to the actions of an audience , `` applauded '' means engaged in clapping ) , but the line of logic leads us somewhere interesting : presumably , anyone who said that Sherrod 's audience had been `` clapping '' would be incorrect , right ? I 'm sure you can see where this is going . Yes , Breitbart has used the terms `` applauding '' and `` clapping '' interchangeably in describing the audience 's reaction -- and has even clapped his hands while saying the word `` applauding . ''
Breitbart Has Repeatedly Said Sherrod 's Audience Was `` Clapping ''
Here 's Breitbart in an interview last July on ABC 's Good Morning America :
What this video clearly shows is a standard that the tea party has not been held to , is that the NAACP shows people in the audience there applauding her when she discriminates against a white farmer . ... If you want to talk about people clapping racist behavior , that 's exactly what you see in this video .
A few minutes later , he returns to this point :
The video shows racism , and when the NAACP is going to charge the tea party with racism , saying that people in the audience are racist , I 'm going to show you that it happens on the other side . At an NAACP event , people are applauding racism .
Not only did Breitbart say the audience was `` clapping , '' both times Breitbart refers to the audience `` applauding '' Sherrod 's `` racism , '' he claps his hands . Watch ( clapping at 1:16 and 6:37 ) :
Nearly a year later , on C-SPAN , he did it again :
The NAACP excoriated the audience for its clapping and its affirmation of her telling the story about how she sent the farmer to `` one of his own '' and how she patronized him initially .
According to Nexis , Breitbart has also said that the Sherrod audience was `` laughing and applauding '' [ Fox News ' Hannity , 7/20/2010 ] and that the audience `` cheers '' [ NBC 's Nightly News , 7/21/2010 ] during Sherrod 's story . Needles to say , these characterizations are all a long way from the `` nodding approval and murmurs of recognition and agreement '' he initially cited .
What The Audience Did And What They Knew
After Breitbart began making these claims last July , CNN 's Anderson Cooper and NBC 's Chuck Todd both reviewed the tape . Cooper concluded that there `` actually was no applause whatsoever during the speech when talking about the white farmer , '' while Todd found that `` the reactions that Breitbart said were there are not there . ''
So what did the audience actually do ? Watch for yourself .
As Breitbart indicated in his original post , there are `` murmurs of recognition and agreement , '' and even laughter , when Sherrod says of the white farmer who `` was trying to show that he was superior to me , '' `` what he did n't know was while he was taking all that time trying to show he was superior to me , was I was trying to decide how much help I was going to give him . '' At no point in the clip is there clapping from the audience ( i.e. , `` applaud [ ing ] '' ) .
In a 2010 interview with Sean Hannity , Breitbart explained why he thinks the audience 's reaction is so crucial :
BREITBART : Did the people in the audience know that there was going to be a point of redemption ? HANNITY : No . BREITBART : The point is that the NAACP at a dinner honoring this person is cheering on a person describing -- describing a white person as the other . [ Fox News ' Hannity , 7/20/2010 ]
There 's one major problem here . The audience did know there was `` going to be a point of redemption . ''
The full video shows that Sherrod prefaced her story about the white farmer by explaining that she had originally made a commitment `` to black people only '' before learning better of it :
[ 16:34 ] SHERROD : God is good . I can tell you that . When I made that commitment [ to working for change ] , I was making that commitment to black people -- and to black people only . But you know God will show you things and he 'll put things in your path so that you realize that the struggle is really about poor people -- AUDIENCE : All right . All right . SHERROD : -- you know . The first time I was faced with having to help a white farmer save his farm . He took a long time talking but he was trying to show me he was superior to me -- I knew what he was doing .
Is it possible that nearly a year after he first smeared Sherrod , and months after she sued him , Breitbart still has n't watched the full video ?
Breitbart 's Dishonest Crutch : What The NAACP `` Admitted ''
In his tweet , Breitbart defends his use of `` applaud '' by reporting that the `` NAACP admitted audience 's affirmative reaction . '' This is a talking point he broke out for his book tour , when numerous interviewers tried to pin him down on his Sherrod antics . Like most Breitbart talking points , it is deeply dishonest .
It is true that in a July 19 , 2010 , statement , the NAACP 's Ben Jealous said he was `` appalled '' by Sherrod 's `` shameful '' actions , and says that `` the reaction from many in the audience is disturbing . '' But as the criticism of Sherrod in the statement indicates , it was released before the NAACP had reviewed the full video - including the context noted above , wherein Sherrod previews the white farmer story by indicating it was a story of redemption .
The next day , after reviewing video of the full Sherrod speech , Jealous said he had been `` snookered '' by Breitbart and that the clip posted on his site had been `` deliberately edited to create a false impression of racial bias . ''
PT Inspired Horror Title ‘ Allison Road ' Has Been Cancelled
Indie horror darling Allison Road is trapped in a dead end with the announced on the game 's official Twitter account that the project has been scrapped . No other details have emerged at this time but an official state is expected to be made in the coming days from the development team .
Hi all . Sadly Allison Road had to be cancelled . Statement to come in the next few days . Thx for all your support and very sad it came 2 this — Allison Road ( @ AllisonRoad_HQ ) June 5 , 2016
Allison Road came to prominence at the end of June last year when developer Lilith Ltd released a 13-minute long pre-alpha demo showcasing the survival horror title 's PT-esque first-person perspective and tense narrow environments . Comparion 's to Konami 's then recently cancelled horror title where inevitable , especially since Allison Road felt almost like a spiritual successor to Kojima 's cancelled Silent Hills revival .
In October of last year , Lilith Ltd announced that they had suspended their Kickstarter for the game , which sought to raise $ 384,000 for the game 's development , in favor of partnering with publisher Team 17 . At the time of that announcement Lilith had expressed excitement about working alongside the creators of the Worms franchise , saying :
“ We are delighted to announce that we will be joining Team17 's highly successful games label . ”
Was the cancellation of Allison Road brought on by a lack of progress during the last 8 months ? Has the team behind the game decided to work on a different project alltogether ? There are no answers to these questions at the moment but here is one for our readers : Is there a market for a first person horror title in the same vain as Allison Road or P.T ? or is the tremendous success of Allison Road ‘ s brief moment in the gaming industry spotlight a result of being announced at a time when the cancellation of Silent Hills was still fresh in our collective mind ?
Check out the original prototype video below :
I 'll admit it , I used to get caught up in the hype about which college players the Dolphins would meet privately or workout this time of year . I used to be interested in what players the team would bring to town in its top 30 visits or what local prospects made the cut to visit the facility .
This was a big deal back in the Jimmy Johnson era . Basically , if a player was coming to Davie to meet with the Dolphins the chances of him being drafted by the team were quite high .
Lately , the truth is a majority of the players the Dolphins bring to town do n't end up getting drafted by Miami . Many are borderline guys the coaching staff needs to meet up close to gauge . Many are simply priority free agent types for after the draft .
So the process is not as interesting to me except , well , when it 's interesting to me .
This is interesting to me :
This week the Dolphins are bringing in their local prospects and according to a league source , one of the players the Dolphins are expected to host is a defensive lineman named Jose Jose .
I 'm not kidding . Jose Jose .
Jose is a Miami kid . He was All-Dade at Central High twice . He was recruited by Miami , Florida , Tennessee , West Virginia and Rutgers before accepting a full scholarship from the University of Central Florida .
And then things went terribly wrong .
In March 2010 , one month after signing his national letter of intent , Jose was arrested in Miami-Dade for carrying a concealed firearm without a permit and aggravated assault with a firearm .
UCF cut him loose but Jose was not convicted . He was sentenced to a six-month administrative probation . So Jose went the JUCO route . The following January he was again offered a scholarship at UCF .
And for 14 months things went smoothly . Until March of 2012 .
After making a transition from offensive line to defensive line and battling weight issues , Jose apparently got into a heated argument with head coach George O'Leary .
And the argument escalated .
And O'Leary kicked Jose off the team .
`` Really it was n't , well ... yeah it was an argument , '' Jose told the Orlando Sentinel . `` I do not really want to get into what was said in the argument , and I said some things that I probably should n't have said . He took action and did what he had to do and that 's just kind of how it is . I ca n't really take back what I said . ''
Indeed , Jose now is trying to get himself either drafted or picked up as a priority free agent after the draft . Because he 's from Miami , the Dolphins can host him along with other local products .
I 'd love to know how that conversation with Joe Philbin goes .
Among the Top 30 players scheduled to visit with the Dolphins is former Washington State wide receiver Marquess Wilson .
Wilson is a 6-4 and 198 pound receiver with good speed and solid albeit not spectacular production in college . So why does he interest me ?
Wilson , if you can remember , quit the WSU football team last November and then alleged abuse by coach Mike Leach before eventually recanting the allegations . And then when all seemed settled , in February Wilson recanted to recant of the allegations while he was at the Indianapolis Combine .
Wild , right ?
Wilson actually released a letter to the media claiming he was the victim of `` physical , emotional and mental abuse '' at the hands of Leach and the WSU coaching staff . Wilson timed the letter 's release on the day WSU played a nationally ranked UCLA in a nationally telecast game .
The PAC-12 and WSU conducted an investigation and cleared the coaches .
And that left Wilson off a team and looking at expecting hard questions from NFL suitors , including the Dolphins now .
The likely questions ?
Why did you quit ?
Can you be expected to quit when any situation turns difficult ?
Have you turned on any other people you know ?
If you come here , would you do the same here that you did at WSU ?
Why should we trust you to keep problems in-house ?
It 's an intriguing situation because Wilson was expected to be a second-round caliber receiver before he left the team . Now , nobody knows where he 'll be drafted if at all .
Obviously , the Dolphins are doing their due diligence . They 're seriously beating the weeds here in hopes of landing a bargain player .
Me , I 'd love to be a fly on the wall on the Jose Jose and Marquess Wilson meetings with the Dolphins .
The National Audit Office ( NAO ) has published the findings from its investigation into Just Solutions International ( JSi ) , which was the commercial arm of the National Offender Management Service ( NOMS ) . JSi aimed to help improve justice systems across the world by selling products and consultancy services . In September 2015 the Ministry of Justice announced the closure of JSi . Shortly after this announcement the NAO received correspondence raising concerns around the transparency of JSi 's activities and requesting that we investigate .
The key findings of this investigation are as follows :
• Just Solutions International ( JSi ) was created in 2012 to exploit commercial opportunities arising from National Offender Management Service ( NOMS ) activities relating to IT , training and consultancy services . The target market was primarily overseas governments originally facilitated through the Foreign & Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) then directly with overseas governments from 2014 . JSi aimed to make a commercial return on work contracted from overseas governments .
• JSi was established as a brand within the NOMS Commercial Development Group ( CDG ) after the NOMS board rejected a proposal to establish JSi as a company . A number of consultants were engaged from 2010 to 2014 to undertake pilots and develop business cases that formed the basis of JSi .
• In establishing JSi , NOMS followed the current guidance from HM Treasury , the National Archives and the Cabinet Office where this guidance was available . The Cabinet Office guidance is limited because it does not cover the question of whether a company is the most appropriate form for new operations .
• The total income generated by JSi was less than £1 million . The main contracts delivered by NOMS , under the JSi brand , between 2012 and 2015 were for training Royal Oman Police officers ( £255,000 ) , consultancy on prison design in Libya ( £128,000 ) and contracts in Nigeria ( £130,000 ) , Australia ( £89,000 ) and the Seychelles ( £34,000 ) .
• The cost of setting up JSi exceeded the income generated by completed contracts . The NAO estimate that JSi 's costs were approximately £2.1 million from 2012 until its closure , including £239,000 on consultancy services . Therefore JSi made a net loss of approximately £1.1 million in this period . This is due , in part , to the decision to withdraw from prospective arrangements with Saudi Arabia and Oman . The NAO also note that had JSi not been created , NOMS would have committed funding to support wider international engagement with countries to support FCO and wider Government objectives .
• In September 2015 the Secretary of State for Justice closed JSi and decided not to pursue any commercial activities in Oman . In October 2015 JSi withdrew from the bid for work with Saudi Arabia . This followed the launch of a judicial review into JSi and significant media and political interest in the proposed work with Saudi Arabia . There were no financial penalties for withdrawing from contract negotiations with Saudi Arabia .
• JSi is now closed and NOMS does not plan to perform further work for overseas governments on a commercial basis . NOMS will continue to receive visits and requests for assistance from overseas governments through FCO and other UK departments for the achievement of cross-government objectives .
January 2016
Google 's latest and greatest handsets , the Pixel successors , Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL , have now been announced . Google made the announcement during its second-ever privately held Made By Google event in San Francisco today , alongside the reveal of quite a few extra accessories . Tech enthusiasts know that smartphones are really the sum total of their parts , and we talk about these parts in terms of tech specs . Here 's how the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL stack up in terms of hardware .
Google has brought back the Pixel brand with brand-new Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL models that were at the top of the spectrum in terms of today 's breaking news . The flagship-grade devices come with some interesting new features and are projected to perform well with mostly high-end hardware internals . Specifications were n't exactly a mystery coming into today in fact most were expected , but software and design were mostly up in the air . You can think of the devices as less-sizable upgrades over last year 's models , with some subtle differences that separate the two apart a bit more so than the Pixels from a year ago . Now that the phones have been officially revealed in full detail , let 's take a more in-depth look at what 's coming to town .
Here are the full spec lists for the Google Pixel 2 and Google Pixel 2 XL .
Google Pixel 2 :
Screen : 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display with rounded corners ( 1920 x 1080 )
Dimensions : 145.7mm x 69.7mm x 7.8mm
Weight : 143g
Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
RAM : 4GB LPDDR4
Storage : 64GB or 128GB
Expandable : No
Graphics : Vulkan API , Adreno 540
Camera : 12.2MP rear-facing with f/1.8 , 8MP front-facing with f/2.4
Software : Android 8.0 Oreo , Google Assistant , Daydream-compatible
Sensors : Fingerprint scanner , accelerometer , gyro , proximity , compass , barometer
Water Resistance : IP67
Battery : 2,700mAh capacity ( non-removable )
Charging : Quick Charge 3.0 ( via USB Type-C )
Colors : Just Black , Clearly White , Kinda Blue ( limited markets )
Other notable specs : Bluetooth 5.0 , 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ad , GPS , NFC
Headphone jack : no
Google Pixel 2 XL :
Screen : 6-inch Quad HD+ POLED 18:9 Display ( 2,960 x 1,440 )
Dimensions : 157.9mm x 76.7mm x 7.9mm
Weight : 175g
Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
RAM : 4GB LPDDR4
Storage : 64GB or 128GB
Expandable : No
Graphics : Vulkan API , Adreno 540
Camera : 12.2MP rear-facing with f/1.8 , 8MP front-facing with f/2.4
Software : Android 8.0 Oreo , Google Assistant , Daydream-compatible
Sensors : Fingerprint scanner , accelerometer , gyro , proximity , compass , barometer
Water Resistance : IP67
Battery : 3,520mAh capacity
Charging : Quick Charge 3.0 ( via USB Type-C )
Colors : Just Black , Black & White
Other notable specs : Bluetooth 5.0 , 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ad , GPS , NFC
Headphone jack : no
One thing noticeable about the Pixel 2 series is its Always On Display , a feature Google continues to revamp every year and has a lot more going for it now including a ‘ Now Playing ' feature for learning about music playing that 's around you . Android 8.0 Oreo is being pre-installed . The software is vanilla Android , of course , Google 's own take on what a mobile operating system should be . Google 's own apps have proven useful for a large number of Android fans , though some disagree and value a more “ skinned ” experience that includes more features out of the box . Still , a stock experience comes with a slew of benefits , the most notable , smooth performance and fast system updates .
Google has parted ways with the cherished 3.5mm headphone jack this year , a feature it once put others down for not including . This move falls in line with the route some OEMs have taken with regard to new devices of late . Bluetooth audio is also considered to be a more modern trend than using the always-present headphone jack . It provides a more free experience in that one can use headphones cord-free , and Bluetooth 5.0 doubles the speed and quadruples the range of audio output and data transmission . Though , headphone jack setups are more efficient at sound output with little air and distance interference , which produces a more full audio sound . Google will provide a USB Type-C to 3.5mm headphone dongle in the box with the Pixel 2 series , but carrying around a detached dongle that can come out of any smartphone is n't exactly the most sophisticated setup . Pixel 2 users will thank the tech gods for dual front-facing speakers , indicating better sound performance for the next-generation Pixels .
Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL have something else this time built into the software : the Active Edge . Both handsets feature an Active Edge that allows one to squeeze the side frame to perform actions such as opening the camera , turning on or off Wi-Fi , activating Google Assistant , and so on .
When it comes to design , the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL look similar to last year 's Pixels but have more metal on their back covers than last year 's devices . What this means is that , if you were hoping for wireless charging to make a return to Google 's phone lineup ( long live the Nexus 4 ) , you 're going to find disappointment . As far as similarities go , both models are Gorilla Glass 5 protected with IP67 dust and water resistance for added durability . Both have a small glass window near the top of the rear to house sensors , and both have a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner . Pixel 2 XL , unlike the Pixel 2 which looks a lot like last year 's Pixel , is reminisced of modern phones out of Samsung and LG . It instead boosts an 18:9 aspect ratio with minimal bezels around the sides , top and bottom . The unnecessary design traits on the front are no longer present , including that large bottom chin we all could n't stand on last year 's Pixel phone .
Pixel 2 XL , the more modern-looking of the two , is also the more expensive at $ 849 for the base model , when compared with the Pixel 2 's starting price tag of $ 649 . We 're a bit upset about the high prices , given that Nexus used to be super affordable , but this is a new generation for Google with its whole ‘ Made by Google campaign and we 're forced to understand that Google wants to appeal to high-end markets with Pixel . It seems like this will be the trend for phones with this crazy-looking futuristic design language , going forward . Here 's to just hoping that next year 's models wo n't make the jump above $ 1,000 , because is it really worth that much ?
Demand for the first generation Pixel models was higher than anticipated . So much so , that supply was quickly eclipsed by demand , leaving some variants out of stock for months at a time . Google lovers have been looking for that phone to upgrade to , and some from other brands have been interested in switching to Google 's more complete Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL . Specifications can surely provide sway to one 's decision , but the price is ultimately the main deciding factor for most buyers . Let us know if you 'll be looking to pre-order Pixel 2 , Pixel 2 XL or any of Google 's 2017 accessories ( Daydream View , Google Home Max or Mini , Pixelbook , Google Pixel Buds , Google Clips ) in the comments .
Stay tuned to none other than Droid Turf for all coverage out of the Made By Google 2017 event , as we 're your one-stop destination for extensive coverage of the Android Ecosystem .
House speaker John Boehner has said that he considers the debt limit an important part of the democratic process , a way to effect needed change when other methods fail .
`` The president does n't think this is fair , thinks I 'm being difficult to deal with , '' Boehner said in a speech Monday . `` But I 'll say this : It may be unfair , but what I 'm trying to do here is to leverage the political process to produce more change than what it would produce if left to its own devices . ''
Given that the U.S. and Denmark are the only two democratic states to have a debt ceiling — and that Denmark 's has never been used as a political leverage point the way Republicans are using ours , and the ceiling has always been way above Denmark 's actual debt level — it 's a bit hard to test the proposition that not having a debt limit prevents countries from making tough reforms . So let 's just say , `` Screw it , '' and see whether or not any of the developed countries without debt ceilings are on fire , shall we ?
Sweden
( Roger Wollstadt via Flickr )
Stockholm 's Gamla stan , or `` old town , '' has a remarkable level of not-being-on-fireness , despite the country 's decision to eschew its Danish neighbor 's approach to government debt .
United Kingdom
( Clive Darra via Flickr )
A view of this intersection in the southern coastal town of Brighton , sandwiched between the Brighton Pier and the city 's Old Steine Gardens , reveals exactly zero fires , in spite of the bounty of combustible material in the gardens , not to mention the kingdom 's decision to allow parliament to borrow without setting a limit on its debt .
Canada
( Doug Kerr via Flickr )
The Rideau Centre shopping centre in Ottawa , at right , has not collapsed into embers despite its proximity to the houses of parliament , which have to date failed to set a cap on the amount of debt the government is allowed to accumulate .
Germany
( edwin.11 via Flickr )
Munich 's Marienplatz has avoided being burnt to a Bavarian crisp despite German leaders ' failure to follow their Danish neighbors to the north 's model of sovereign debt control .
Italy
( ho visto nina volare via Flickr )
The southern seaside town of Sorrento has , unlike its neighboring Pompeii , not been engulfed in lava and/or flames , even though those geniuses in Rome refuse to implement a legal cap on the country 's government borrowing .
France
( David Siu via Flickr )
Pedestrians shuffle through a street in Paris 's Latin Quarter , apparently confident that France 's lack of legal constraints on the government 's borrowing will not lead to their immolation in one of these narrow , not particularly compliant-with-modern-fire-safety-standards streets . So far , their confidence has been justified .
Japan
( Binder.donedat via Flickr )
Tokyo 's Harajuku district and the fashion scene with which it 's become synonymous have inspired songs by Belle & Sebastian and Gwen Stefani but , to date , the Japanese Diet 's decision to let sovereign debt grow without a statutory cap has not set the area ablaze .
Australia
( eGuide Travel via Flickr )
The city of Melbourne is as bustling as ever , its residents apparently quite sure that those clowns in Canberra 's decision to not cap the nation 's ( quite tiny ) national debt wo n't turn the city into a great ball of fire .
New Zealand
( Dunedin NZ via Flickr )
The University of Otago in Dunedin was the breeding ground for Flying Nun Records bands like The Bats , the Jean-Paul Sartre Experience , The Chills and The Clean which set the college rock scene ablaze in the 1980s . But the flame was not carried on in the form of a raging , lack-of-debt-ceiling-induced fire on the school 's campus .
Austria
( Ethan Prater via Flickr )
The Wiener Riesenrad , or `` Viennese giant wheel , '' has counted as guests some people who probably deserve to burn , chief among them Harry Lime in `` The Third Man . '' But as of yet , the Austrian government 's willingness to wrack up government debt without a defined limit in place has yet to ravage the city behind it with flames , or cause the wheel to be heated until molten .
Norway
( Steve Cadman via Flickr )
The beautiful painted wood houses of the Lofotens archipelago have , as of yet , not been reduced to a pile of ash despite this Scandinavian petrostate 's utter lack of a debt ceiling .
Finland
( `` IK 's World Trip '' via Flickr )
A look at the Kaartinkaupunki neighborhood in southern Helsinki reveals a marked absence of combustion in this land free of government borrowing caps .
Iceland
( Deivis via Flickr )
These houses along the Ring Road — the only motorway to circle around the island of Iceland — appear not to have burst into flames in the absence of a statutory limit on the country 's debt .
The Netherlands
( Luke Ma via Flickr )
The lack of a raging fire in Rembrandtplein ( `` Rembrandt Square '' ) in Amsterdam comes in spite of both the city 's famed decadence ( what with the legal prostitution and marijuana and psychedelic truffles ) and the Dutch government 's decision to spend without any upper limit on the sovereign debt its budgets produce .
YouTube is the world 's biggest video platform , and its most popular content is still relatively short video clips . But over the last year Robert Kyncl , the service 's chief business officer , has begun to lay the groundwork for a new era of YouTube . He led the launch of YouTube Red , a subscription service that eliminates ads and brings a bunch of premium features to customers . He 's also created separate apps for YouTube 's three most popular verticals : gaming , kids , and music .
We sat down for a chat with Kyncl at CES . He gave a keynote speech earlier in the week , and one major focus was music . Despite being a video service , YouTube 's massive scale means it 's also the world 's most popular platform for streaming music . The new Music app is optimized for that experience , adding features like offline playlists and background play . We chatted about MTV and why YouTube has the ability to be many different things to different people all at once .
The second major focus in Knycl 's speech was virtual reality , a technology that seems poised on the cusp of a major breakthrough to the mainstream in 2016 . YouTube has been pushing into 360 degree and 3D video , moves which Kyncl believes will lay the groundwork for virtual reality on the platform . With the arrival of a much more immersive experience , he also believes YouTube can become a far more immersive experience , a shift that may allow higher quality content to thrive .
Come for the delightful interview , stay for my bizarre vocal tics , shameless promotional plugs , and shiny bald head .
“ Do n't worry about that baby , I love babies , ” Donald Trump assured the crowd after a baby started crying at one of his rallies on Tuesday . “ I love babies . I love babies . I hear that baby crying—I like it . What a baby , what a beautiful baby . Do n't worry , do n't worry . The mom 's running around , like do n't worry about it , you know . It 's young and beautiful and healthy and that 's what we want. ” Moments later when the baby 's cries interrupted his stump speech again : “ Actually , I was only kidding—you can get that baby out of here . ”
WATCH : Trump says does n't mind baby crying at rally , then : `` I was only kidding . You can get the baby out of here . '' https : //t.co/FBwILq8UTT — NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt ( @ NBCNightlyNews ) August 2 , 2016
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
SALT LAKE CITY — Cities and counties would no longer be able to ban specific dog breeds under a bill the Utah Legislature passed Thursday .
Rep. Brian King , D-Salt Lake City , the sponsor of HB97 , said 10 municipalities in the state have breed-banning ordinances aimed at pit bulls . Debate in the House , where it passed 41-30 , centered on balance between local control and individual rights .
Sen. Mark Madsen , R-Saratoga Springs , called such laws a form of “ animal bigotry and profiling '' during debate in the Senate , which passed it 26-2 .
“ Finally , we 're having a statewide nondiscrimination and I vote yes , ” said Sen. Jim Dabakis , D-Salt Lake City , a reference to a proposed law banning discrimination based on sexual orientation in housing and employment that legislative leaders declined to consider this year .
HB97 now goes to the governor for consideration .
The headline is misleading , but definitely catchy :
Porn-Sniffing Dog Helped Bring Down Subway Star Jared Fogle .
No , dogs can not smell porn . Not kiddie porn . Not adult porn . Not lawful or unlawful porn . Not porn at all . A $ 5 footlong , sure , but pretty much anyone can smell that , not that they necessarily want to unless they 've made millions off them .
Yet , apparently , dogs ( Labradors in particular ) can be trained to sniff out data storage devices . Whoda thunk ?
A rambunctious black Labrador named Bear — one of only five dogs in the nation trained to sniff out electronic data devices — played a key role in thearrest of former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle on child-porn charges . The 2-year-old rescue pooch nosed out a thumb drive that humans had failed to find during a search of Fogle 's Indiana house in July , several weeks before he agreed to plead guilty to having X-rated images of minors and paying to have sex with teenage girls .
According to Bear 's trainer , the dog was trained to smell the chemicals used in the manufacture of the devices , in this case a thumb drive . And if the substance of the article is true , it works , as the dog found a thumb drive that otherwise eluded detection .
Bear 's dog whisperer , Todd Jordan , gave NBC News a demonstration of how he works his magic , walking him through an apartment while repeatedly giving him the command “ Seek ! ” The dog zeroed in on a kitchen drawer , which Jordan opened to reveal a device . “ Good boy ! ” he told Bear , giving him a handful of food .
While the question of whether dogs can and should be used as a proxy for probable cause , whether to search directly or to obtain a warrant to search , is one of grave concerns , as it 's fraught with substantial failings , plus its efficacy is little different from a coin toss , the “ porn sniffing dog ” presents a very different picture .
Assuming that the dog was brought in following a search pursuant to a properly authorized warrant which enabled the seizure of all digital media storage devices , and only with such proper authorization , sniffed out a drive that was inexplicably left inside an aluminum foil wrapped Italian BMT in the freezer , it 's a totally acceptable success story . Yay , doggie .
So what if the pooch falsely reacted a half dozen times along the way . He scratched at a drawer ? So they open the drawer , find nothing and move on . No harm , no foul . There is no mention of whether the chemicals that give rise to an alert for a thumb drive are also found in , say , Subway Herb and Garlic bread . And if so , it just provides another place to look , which is what one does when executing a search warrant .
But success stories like this , adding yet another data point to the mythical status of the dog 's nose , also carry the potential to mistakenly extrapolate one success into an erroneously conceived basis for other , very harmful , uses .
Consider such a dog being used to sniff out storage devices at the border because they were n't put through the x-ray machine as rules require . And so , a three-year-old gets a deeply disturbing full body rubbing ( though not by Jared , because he never saw the pizza box employment opportunity ) when his only crime was touching his Game Boy ( that 's not a euphemism ) before boarding .
No doubt , the possibilities in the real world far exceed my meager imagination of how sniffing out data storage devices could lead to unanticipated and unauthorized searches . The point is that there can well be perfectly viable , indeed , quite sound , uses for the dog 's particular talents , that do n't implicate a constitutional right , and then there are other uses that will stink .
Much the way other dogs can pick up the scent of a fugitive or a cache of cocaine , Bear can smell the components of electronic media , even a micro-card as small as a fingernail that a suspect could easily hide . “ Labs are the best on this , ” said Jordan , fending off playful licks from Bear . “ They 'll do anything to please their owner . ”
That a dog can sniff out a tiny micro-device this is really quite remarkable . And no one would suggest that there is something wrong with law enforcement 's ability to locate evidence of electronic crime under the right circumstances .
But then , the line that “ they 'll do anything to please their owner ” sets off alarms . That too is true of the drug sniffing dogs , who will alert at the slightest hint that it 's what would make their owner happy . And when the owner , or better stated , handler , wants a reason to search , there 's a dog to provide the excuse .
The issue never was , and is not now , that dogs are not useful tools in finding scents that enable the locating of contraband , whether it 's those 27 kilos of coke or that fingernail-sized micro-chip . It 's all good , provided it 's not the basis for probable cause to search in the first place .
And yet , some judge , somewhere , will be told , and believe , that dogs can not only smell the chemicals used in the manufacture of digital storage devices , but can smell the child porn embedded . And some prosecutor , somewhere , will argue that kiddie porn smells different , emits the stench of horror of rape and abuse , of a child that must be saved . Sign that warrant for the children , your honor .
And some judge , somewhere , ignorant of the limits of dog sniffs , of their false positives and owner pleasing desires of a Lab , and finding some bizarre common sense acceptance of the notion that child porn smells different on a thumb drive than any other digital content , will put his name on that warrant .
Bear , the dog , did good here , but it 's critical to understand and remember that it 's good because no one relied on a dog to provide probable cause to search for child porn . No matter what argument is proffered , even the sweetest and best trained dog does n't have the ability to smell the awful odor of evil content .
In a stunning and unprecedented gaffe , La La Land was incorrectly named Best Picture by co-presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway at Sunday 's 89th annual Academy Awards instead of the actual winner , Moonlight .
WATCH : Moment where crew/cast of ‘ La La Land ' realizes a mistake had been made and ‘ Moonlight ' actually won Best Picture . # Oscars pic.twitter.com/WCCopwsJ66 — Good Morning America ( @ GMA ) February 27 , 2017
The glitch was discovered shortly after Team La La Land had taken to the stage to accept the trophy , prompting one of the movie 's producers , Jordan Horowitz , to walk to the microphone and declare Moonlight the true victor . [ UPDATE : Look who 's taking full responsibility . ]
“ I 'm sorry . There 's a mistake . Moonlight , you guys won Best Picture , ” Horowitz announced to the shocked crowd . “ This is not a joke . Moonlight has won Best Picture. ” Oscars 2017 : Best/The Worst Moments Launch Gallery
“ Personally I blame Steve Harvey for this , ” host Jimmy Kimmel joked , referring to the epic fail at the 2015 Miss Universe pageant in which Harvey crowned the wrong winner .
Beatty then stepped up to the mic to explain that he had been handed the Best Actress card in error . “ I opened the envelope and it said Emma Stone , La La land , ” he told the stunned audience . “ That 's why I took such a long look at [ co-presenter ] Faye . I was n't trying to be funny . ”
Watch moment Warren Beatty appears to take a second look inside envelope for Best Picture . # Oscars https : //t.co/okqF3W9eBX pic.twitter.com/WtTf20ot4V — ABC News ( @ ABC ) February 27 , 2017
Moonlight writer/director Barry Jenkins eventually made it to the stage and confirmed that his film had indeed prevailed over La La Land . “ It is true , ” he announced . “ It 's not fake . We 've been on the road with these guys for so long . That was so gracious and generous of them . My love to La La Land . My love to everybody . ”
After you 've watched the above videos , check out the clip below which chronicles the frenzied moments when the La La Land slowly learned that they had , in fact , lost .
Just watch the # Oscars producers tell the # LaLaLand crew that a mistake was made . Watch it creep through the background . Must watch # Savage pic.twitter.com/gEQsg8Tuuh — Enda Conway ( @ EndaConway ) February 27 , 2017
Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter speaks out against the Trans-Pacific Partnership on Capitol Hill on March 23 , 2016 . To her left is Republican Rep. Chris Collins . ( Photo : Christoper Doering , USA TODAY )
WASHINGTON – Reps. Louise Slaughter and Chris Collins joined a bipartisan group of House lawmakers from New York Wednesday to denounce an Obama administration trade deal that they say would hurt the state 's economy and cost jobs .
With the U.S. Capitol as a backdrop , the lawmakers said the Trans-Pacific Partnership would make it harder for the United States to compete with countries that pay their workers lower wages , manipulate their currencies to make their products cheaper , and do less to protect the environment and workers ' rights .
“ We are here to send a message loud and clear to this administration : We oppose the TPP because it would be bad for New York and bad for the entire country , ” said Slaughter , D-Fairport . “ The people of Rochester … know all too well the toll that trade agreements have taken on our economy . ”
The deal between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries would phase out or significantly reduce tariffs .
Slaughter and the other New York House members said the TPP is the latest in a string of trade pacts that were introduced with great fanfare only to cost the country jobs and hurt middle-class families . They said New York has lost more than 370,000 manufacturing jobs since the North American Free Trade Agreement and World Trade Organization agreements took effect in 1994 .
“ I have yet to see a trade bill that benefited the American manufacturer and the American worker , ” said Slaughter .
Collins , R-Clarence , said more and more GOP lawmakers are joining Democrats in opposing the trade deal .
Slaughter and Collins were among New York House members who signed a letter sent Wednesday to President Obama outlining their concerns with the Trans-Pacific Partnership . Other lawmakers signing the letter included Reps. Tom Reed , R-Corning ; Chris Gibson , R-Kinderhook ; and Sean Maloney , D-Cold Spring .
The measure , announced last October , must still be approved by Congress . A vote is not expected before the Nov. 8 election .
“ I do not believe TPP will pass this Congress , ” Collins said . “ If we do n't have fair trade we 're not going to sign any more of these ridiculous free trade agreements . ”
Opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership marks a rare area of agreement between Democrats and Republicans in the 2016 election season . Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , and Republican contenders Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , either oppose the agreement or have expressed concerns about it .
The White House and lawmakers who back the deal warn that rejecting it would spur other countries to look elsewhere for goods that could come from the United States . Obama has made passing the trade deal one of his top priorities for 2016 .
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds : Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` If we can get this agreement to my desk , then we can help our businesses sell more Made in America goods and services around the world , and we can help more American workers compete and win , '' Obama said when the deal was announced .
About 11.5 percent of jobs in the Rochester region depend on international trade , according to the Brookings Institution . The Rochester Business Alliance said scores of businesses in the area rely on trade , from giants Kodak and Xerox to smaller businesses like Transcat , Carestream Health , Unither Manufacturing , and Genesee Brewing Company .
Contact Christopher Doering at cdoering @ usatoday.com or reach him on Twitter : @ cdoering
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rocne.ws/1RlKEhy
What do you say to a man widely blamed for beating you , stealing your job and trying to have you thrown out of a 10th-floor window ? Morgan Tsvangirai , prime minister of Zimbabwe , insists that he is now able to joke with his long-time opponent , President Robert Mugabe .
`` Over a long period of time you start to develop some chemistry , '' he says , leaning forward in a black armchair in his ministerial office . `` That 's where you ca n't just go in and talk about business , you actually have to talk about personal issues . Sometimes it 's helpful to unlock the barriers that may exist between people . ''
The democrat and the dictator are six months into southern Africa 's most curious marriage of convenience . Their power-sharing agreement followed a bitterly contested election that robbed Tsvangirai of victory and left scores of his supporters dead . Their two parties continue to fight , but Tsvangirai describes the odd couple 's meetings as `` cordial … not acrimonious '' .
He explains : `` There are certainly many areas where we differ , but we agree to differ . We communicate , we talk , we discuss , we do n't believe that there 's anything insurmountable to discuss … I 'm very free . I 've decided that I will not keep anything to myself . I will express it and express it forcefully if it affects my own constituency , my own party and the general thrust of the inclusive government . ''
Recently , for example , Mugabe made a populist speech to assert Zimbabwe 's disdain for western help , in direct contravention of the policy agreed with Tsvangirai . The prime minister used humour to defuse the tension by remarking : `` Well , your statement was quite predictable . '' Mugabe , apparently , laughed it off .
Tsvangirai has proved doubters wrong simply by still being here and holding together the fragile compromise . The unity government has rescued the economy from the brink and slowly put schools and hospitals back in some semblance of working order , though the headaches that remain are legion .
Plenty of sceptics believe the president , who retains the `` hard power '' over the army , police and law courts , is bending the prime minister to his will . Tsvangirai insists , however , that the man who has ruled Zimbabwe with an iron fist for 29 years is no longer the main obstacle to democracy .
`` This is a perpetual suspicion of Mugabe , '' he says . `` It 's a template . People ca n't believe that Mugabe has any capacity to change . It 's an inherent mistrust and it 's nothing to do with what we are trying to build . ''
So does Mugabe , even at 85 , have the capacity to change ? `` I have no doubt he himself is committed to see this through . I have no doubt that perhaps there could be people in his own party or other elements who have reservations about it , but so far I think we are moving to achieve those incremental gains . ''
He continues : `` You must understand Mugabe 's political character has always been a character of denial , shifting blame for his own shortcomings . But it 's always good to have a legacy , and I 'm sure that for him , it is the positive aspects of his life that he wants to take , not to be reminded about the negative aspects . ''
Last year , it is estimated that about 200 of Tsvangirai 's supporters in the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) were murdered in violence perpetrated in the name of Mugabe 's Zanu-PF . And more than 200 people were massacred when troops seized control of diamond fields in the eastern Marange district . Yet Mugabe apparently tries to laugh off his global infamy .
`` He jokes about it . He says , 'People say I 'm a tyrant . ' So what do you think of yourself ? He says , ' I 'm not a tyrant . ' … We do n't ignore what has happened . Sometimes those things are facts on the ground which have characterised him . ''
Tsvangirai himself was once almost hurled from a 10th-floor window by men thought to be from Zimbabwe 's secret service . He has faced three more attempts on his life and been repeatedly beaten and arrested . It is widely considered that Mugabe stole the elections from him in 2002 and again in 2008 .
How , then , does the 57-year-old bring himself to now sup with the devil ? He replies : `` What is reconciliation without that ? Reconciliation is a measure of tolerance across the very serious political divide that has existed in this country . How can we stand up as leaders and call for national unity when between us we do n't relate to each other ? ''
Tsvangirai admits that Zanu-PF 's influence over the judiciary remains problematic but dismisses fears that continuing arrests of MDC MPs will threaten the party 's parliamentary majority , saying that he will simply put up more MPs in their place . He is equally sanguine about the threat of assassination , despite his finance minister , Tendai Biti , having received a 9mm bullet in the post last month .
`` Those threats I do n't think will go overnight . There are people who feel threatened by the very existence of the inclusive government : it threatens their patronage , it threatens their benefactors , so naturally they react . ''
Conspiracy theories continue to swirl around the car crash , less than a month after he became prime minister , in which Tsvangirai was hurt and his wife , Susan , was killed . He insists it was an accident .
Tsvangirai 's conciliatory attitude has led to criticism , not least from within his own ranks , that he has conceded too much ground to Mugabe , sacrificing change for the facade of unity . Sceptics prophesy that , come the next election , violence will flare up again and the power-sharing agreement will be worthless . Tsvangirai vehemently rejects the charge . `` I 'm not bending over backwards . This is a shared compromise . It has never been meant to be winner takes all … It 's not a perfect marriage . It 's a marriage that is meant to ensure that this country moves forward and so , yes , frustrations will be there .
`` But let 's not miss the goal … We will keep our eye on the ball until such time as we are going to have an election which is free and fair . ''
Troubled times
1952 Born in Gutu , the eldest son of a bricklayer .
1978 Marries his wife , Susan . They have six children .
1988 Becomes secretary-general of the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions .
1999 Helps form the Movement for Democratic Change with support from students , trade unionists and white commercial farmers .
2000 Charged with treason ; charge later dismissed .
2002 Loses presidential election .
2004 Acquitted of treason after 18-month trial .
2007 Survives brutal attack by police .
2008 Captures the most votes in the presidential election but Mugabe refuses to relinquish power .
2009 Sworn in as prime minister in unity government . Loses his wife and grandson in separate accidents .
Rose Gold Eyeshadow Palette - Nude Rose Gold is rated 3.9 out of 5 by 199 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Sophie24 from Amazing ! I received this as a present and ever since then I 'm constantly using it . It 's also really easy to use especially for me since I just started using makeup . The colors when applied are vibrant and easy on the eyes for others to see .
Rated 2 out of 5 by Capricorn69 from Not a fan of the new packaging . I need the mirror ! Not a fan of the new packaging . I need the mirror ! I noticed that the new arrivals are clear on the lid with no mirror . Hello ... I NEED the mirror ! ! The plastic is not as sturdy as previous packaging . Not a fan ! If the goal is for minimalist packaging for environmental concerns . Please consider quality refillable palette compacts . I would purchase the old style if they were refillable in every color you offer . I like the size of these as they fit perfectly in cosmetic cases for the purse . I would not recommend the new packaged palettes .
Rated 3 out of 5 by SGates87 from Pretty Shades ! I love Rose Gold . I was excited to find this palette . It 's not super pigmented if you use it dry but a quick spritz on my eye shadow brush made a huge difference and made the colors pop much more . Love all the colors in this palette .
Rated 3 out of 5 by Vicky220 from Its ok The colors are very pretty but a lot of dust , fall out . I got ta use a lot for the colors to show up . Hopefully next time its better .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Aura from Wearable everyday palette The colours in this palette are pretty and wearable for everyday wear . The colours are n't crazy dark or pigmented , but that is n't a dealbreaker for me as long as l wear primer . The shades run from neutral to a tad warm , with the exception of shade 9 , which is a neutral taupe with a bit of purple shimmer . I actually quite like it . I am obsessed with Mary J Blige 's eye makeup look for her `` U + Me ( Love Lesson ) '' album cover , and l imagine that l can achieve a softer version of it with the smokey shades of 8 through 10 that will flatter lighter complexions . In case you 're wondering , the namesake `` Rose Gold '' shades are located smack dab in the middle of the palette : ) . I also really like the look and feel of the sleek black compact with its rounded corners , and it feels nice and sturdy . Most importantly , mine came with a mirror ! I bought this palette as part of the holiday Rose Gold set . I found an Elf suggested looks guide to this palette on Pinterest so l tried one of their looks ( the second one ) with and was pleased with the result . It was quite easy with just three shades and looked decent on my hooded eyes . I know l will wear that look again in future and try the others . The only disappointment l had been that when worn over their matte liquid eye shadow that came with the set , the eyeshadow can crease quite badly on my eyes . I have naturally oily lids and after about four hours some areas of my eyes look like an oil slick ....
Rated 4 out of 5 by Sarah in Seattle from Options I use three of the colors here all of the time . I like that I can mix it up . The mirror is fantastic for applying on the go . I just wish I could buy the colors individually or could replace a couple . I buy the whole thing just for three perfect colors ; the rest might get tossed when they are used . Bottom line , the pigments are great , the quality when applying it is great .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Kristy126 from Deceptive In a Good Way I see the swatches on the site but they do n't swatch like that on my arm . I am of light complexion . But , when I use it on my eyes , it works and the colors come through . Maybe it 's using a primer ? The skin of the eyes is different than the arm too . At least at my age it is . ; ) I do n't really think it 's a rose gold palette though . I do really like this palette . Again , it 's sturdy good packaging with a nice mirror . I would recommend it .
Image caption The Olympic torch will be in Guildford on 20 July before entering London
Taxi drivers in Surrey are threatening to protest as the Olympic torch relay passes through Guildford in a dispute over increases in fares .
Drivers of licensed taxis want to put their fares up by 2.7 % , which they say would bring them into line with London black cab drivers .
But Guildford Borough Council said the increase was not based on clear and transparent calculations .
A licensing committee meeting on Wednesday failed to resolve the issue .
`` We are looking for a way to get the council 's attention , '' said Mark Rostron , secretary of Guildford Hackney Association .
`` The taxi drivers are considering a protest at the Olympic torch event because our voice has n't been heard for several years .
`` Fuel prices have shot up . It costs £80 to fill my car with diesel where not so long ago it cost £40 . ''
He said drivers were also concerned about unlicensed minicabs plying for hire on Guildford 's streets on Friday and Saturday nights .
The council had also deregulated the numbers of licensed cabs , which had increased from 100 to 180 .
London 2012 - Begin your journey here London 2012 : Latest Olympic news , sport , features and programmes from the BBC
The Olympic torch relay will arrive in Guildford on 20 July where it will make an overnight stop before entering London for the 2012 Games .
A night of celebrations is planned at Stoke Park .
Councillor Stephen Mansbridge said the council did not respond well to threats .
`` The taxi drivers have wanted a fare rise for some time , '' he said .
`` We want a clear and transparent calculation which allows us to understand how we can raise fares and how the fares can be justified . ''
He said the council was proposing to increase the number of taxi ranks in the town in time for the Olympics .
`` There was a very unhappy group of taxi drivers at the licensing meeting and nobody wants that , '' he said .
The council is to hold a two-week consultation on its own proposals for a new fare structure before the next meeting of the licensing committe on 7 March .
CHICAGO ( CN ) – A couple acquitted of animal cruelty can sue two Cook County investigators who allegedly leveled bogus charges about cages full of feces , a federal judge ruled .
Demetria Hayes-Newell and David Hayes say they met Cook County Sherriff Investigator Tyra Brown when she appeared at their home undercover with the purported interest of buying a puppy .
Though investigator Larry Draus had not been present , according to the complaint , he allegedly signed an affidavit for a search warrant against the couple . The affidavit said he saw “ wire cages ” that were “ full of feces ” in the home , and that there was a “ very strong ” smell of urine , according to the complaint . He also allegedly claimed the dogs appeared to be “ very weak ” or “ did not move . ”
Chicago police executed the warrant the next day and seized dozens of dogs as they arrested the couple on charges of animal cruelty .
After they were acquitted in November 2009 , Hayes-Newell and Hayes filed suit for punitive damages . They claim that Brown observed the “ well-nourished , healthy , safe , warm and secure conditions of the puppies and dogs , ” but the department nevertheless chose to maliciously prosecute false charges .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Sheila Finnigan refused to dismiss last week , finding that the investigators may not have had probable cause to obtain a search warrant .
“ Plaintiffs here claim that defendants affirmatively knew from personal observation that the dogs in question were healthy and secure , but arrested them anyway , ” Finnigan wrote . “ The search warrant affidavit does indicate that Brown received information about the dogs from a confidential source , but the second amended complaint alleges that she learned the information was false when she visited plaintiffs ' residence before she obtained the warrant and effected the arrests . ”
Although the search warrant was valid , plaintiffs may be able to prove that “ the issuing judge was misled by information in an affidavit that the affiant knew was false or would have known was false except for his reckless disregard of the truth , ” the decision states .
Finnigan also denied the investigators ' claim to qualified immunity . “ Once again , defendants ' argument ignores plaintiffs ' allegations that they made misrepresentations to the circuit court judge in obtaining a search warrant , and personally observed that the dogs in question were healthy , clean , safe and well-nourished at the time of the detentions , arrests and seizure , ” she wrote .
“ Assuming , as the court must , that these facts are true , a reasonable officer arguably would have known that he was violating plaintiffs ' rights , ” she added .
Like this : Like Loading ...
`` It is much more than a protest , '' Ammon Bundy wrote on Facebook , two days before he and a group of people led an armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge . It would last 41 days .
Twenty-six people have been indicted in connection with the takeover . Nine have pleaded guilty . A 10th — Joseph O'Shaugnessy — pleaded guilty on Monday morning .
O'Shaughnessy appeared in federal court in Portland to plead guilty to one count of conspiring to impede federal employees from doing their work .
It is part of a plea deal that will also settle charges against him in Nevada where he is charged in connection with the 2014 standoff with Bureau of Land Management officers at Bunkerville who were trying to impound cattle belonging to Cliven Bundy , father of Ammon and Ryan .
When O'Shaugnessy is sentenced in Oregon in December , it 's expected that he will receive 12-15 months in prison that will be served at the same time as the six years that he is expected to receive in Nevada .
O'Shaughnessy , who is known as `` Captain , '' helped provide security at the refuge , though he maintains he never spent a night there . He said he agreed with the protesters ' message but not the takeover of the refuge .
The remaining 16 people are scheduled to go on trial in two separate groups — one starting Sept. 7 and the other group on Feb. 14 , 2017 .
O'Shaughnessy is one of seven people charged in both Oregon and Nevada . He is the fourth to plead guilty .
In preparation for the September trial — against Ammon Bundy , his brother Ryan , Shawna Cox , Pete Santilli , David Fry , Jeff Banta , Kennth Medenbach and Neil Wampler — prosecutors on Friday filed documents previewing their case .
`` Through their combined efforts , these men and women would steadily fortify their hold on the property , as its employees stayed away in fear , '' prosecutors wrote .
These efforts , say prosecutors , included : replacing Fish and Wildlife Service signs with their own ; taking over the kitchen ; sleeping in the bunkhouse ; driving Refuge-owned vehicles ; breaking into safes ; stealing gas ; attempting to access employee computers ; using heavy equipment to build a road ; building a bunker ; and digging a trench that they filled with trash .
Prosecutors say that to `` fortify their hold on the Refuge , defendants also set up military style teams to enforce security . They placed armed guards in a tower on the property , armed guards at the front and rear gates , and had armed teams patrolling different parts of the Refuge . ''
`` We have a lot of work to be able to unwind the unconstitutional land transactions that have taken place here , '' Ammon Bundy is quoted as having said on Jan. 4 .
The takeover of the refuge was felt in the nearby town of Burns , where school was canceled as well as other events .
`` Meanwhile , many local residents were harassed and felt threatened because of the increased militia presence in Burns that was brought about by the occupation , '' prosecutors write .
`` And while there is no dispute that some residents supported the goals of the occupation , defendants ' presence was fundamentally disruptive to the community . ''
While the takeover finally ended after 41 days , prosecutors say that several main buildings on the refuge remain unusable .
The filing by prosecutors indicates that they plan to take the jury back to Nov. 5 , 2015 when Ammon Bundy and and Ryan Payne met with Harney County Sheriff David Ward .
The two wanted Ward to make sure that he prevented two local ranchers — Darryl and Steven Hammond — from having to go to jail .
Bundy insisted that Ward had a constitutional duty to stand up to federal officials and if he chose not to do that `` we will bring thousands of people here to do job for you . ''
Prosecutors admit that Bundy and the others had a right to protest what was happening to the Hammonds but said the First Amendment does not provide a defense `` to words or actions that incite imminent criminal activity . ''
They will take jurors to Jan. 2 when Ammon told people in the parking lot of the Safeway in Burns to follow him `` to make a hard stand . ''
He then led a convoy to the refuge , which they took over . The next day he told reporters that they would use the refuge as a base for patriots and that he anticipated it lasting several years .
Prosecutors plan to show jurors how Pete Santilli posted hundreds of pages of Bureau of Land Management paperwork stolen from an office at the refuge online .
They will tell jurors how Shawna Cox told investigators that those who had taken over the refuge were prepared to use weapons against government agents from entering the refuge .
Prosecutors also included a list of 674 exhibits that they plan to introduce at trail including :
Guns , ammunition , photos , text messages between some of the defendants , Facebook posts by many of the defendants , interviews some of the defendants gave to reporters , signs , video of defendants firing weapons , and Ammon Bundy 's notes of what each person was responsible for .
Media playback is not supported on this device Former boxer Ricky Hatton tells Radio 4 's Today about his suicide attempts and subsequent recovery
Ex-world champion Ricky Hatton says he tried to kill himself on several occasions in a battle with depression .
The Briton also talked about the need for boxers to get more help after retiring , when he appeared on BBC Radio 4 's Today show , guest edited by Olympic boxing champion Nicola Adams .
`` I tried to kill myself several times , '' said Hatton , 38 , who retired in 2012 .
`` I used to go to the pub , come back , take the knife out and sit there in the dark crying hysterically . ''
Manchester 's Hatton , who previously spoke to the BBC in 2011 about attempted suicide and depression , won the world light-welterweight and welterweight titles .
Hatton was stripped of his licence to box in 2010 after admitting using cocaine and retired the next year before fighting once more . He is now a promoter and trainer .
He continued : `` There were times when I had n't had a drink for days and I 'd still come home and if something went through my mind I 'd start pondering something . It was the same outcome whether I was having a drink or was n't having a drink .
`` But in the end I thought I 'll end up drinking myself to death because I was so miserable .
`` I was coming off the rails with my drinking and that led to drugs . It was like a runaway train . ''
'More should be done to help boxers '
Ricky Hatton 's career Born Stockport , 6 Oct 1978
Turns pro in 1997
21 fights unbeaten and becomes British light-welterweight champion in 2000
Wins WBU light-welterweight title in 2001
Stops IBF light-welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu in Manchester in 2005
Points victory over Luis Collazo in 2006 sees him become WBA welterweight champion
Awarded an MBE but loses first fight , knocked out by Floyd Mayweather Jr in December 2007
Beats Juan Lazcano and Paulie Malignaggi in 2008 but knocked out by Manny Pacquiao in May 2009
Retires in July 2011
Fights once more - against Vyacheslav Senchenko - in November 2012 but loses and retires again
Former world champion Barry McGuigan told BBC Radio 5 live in October that boxing authorities should fund a new foundation to help fighters with mental health issues .
And Hatton feels `` more should be done for boxers '' with depression , with ex-world champions Tyson Fury and Frank Bruno among other Britons to have suffered with the illness .
`` Footballers have an agent who looks out for them and a football club that gets behind them . The Football Association and the Professional Footballers ' Association ( PFA ) can also be there , '' added Hatton .
`` Whereas boxers , it 's like once your time has gone it 's 'on your way ' and move on to the next champion coming through .
`` The thing is with boxers , we do n't come from Cambridge and places like that , we come from council estates . So in boxing it 's very , very hard . If boxing had a professional boxing association or something like that , I think it would be a better place .
`` It seems to be happening more with boxers . It 's an individual sport so you get in the ring on your own and then when you retire you tend to spend the rest of your life on your own . ''
His call was echoed by former British , Commonwealth and European light-middleweight champion Herol 'Bomber ' Graham , who suffered from depression and contemplated suicide after his boxing career .
`` When retirement comes around , boxers go into panic mode . The next thing you know , people are taking their life over a situation which could have been sorted for them , by a union or something like that , '' he told 5 live .
'What Fury said was heartbreaking '
Fury vacated his WBO and WBA world heavyweight titles in October to deal with his `` medical treatment and recovery '' .
The Briton , 28 , admitted taking cocaine to deal with depression and has not fought since beating Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015 .
Hatton said he contacted Fury to see if he was all right but said he never got a reply .
`` Tyson is a very complex person . When he said what he said it was heartbreaking , '' added Hatton .
`` To think Tyson had become the heavyweight champion of the world and should kick on with his life and his career and for it to go pear-shaped was a real crying shame .
`` Having said that , he does n't help himself in some interviews . If he is in a bad place and is depressed , I hope he 's speaking to the right people in order to sort it out .
`` As boxers we do n't do that . We think , ' I 'm Ricky Hatton or I 'm Tyson Fury , I can take on the world ' . You can take on the world in the ring but this problem called depression , you ca n't take it on .
`` We 're out of our comfort zones with depression . I certainly was and whenever I have bad days now I speak to someone to get it off my chest . I have no shame telling that and that 's why I 'm here today . ''
The third season of OGN 's Overwatch APEX Challengers tournament is set to begin tomorrow on Feb. 9th and will feature twelve teams competing over the course of the next two months in a round robin format for a chance to enter the coveted super competitive APEX premiere league .
In Challengers , each match will be a best-of-5 with the points distributed as follows based on the results of the match :
3 points awarded for a 3:0 win
2 points awarded for a 3:1 win
1 point awarded for a 3:2 win
No points will be awarded for a 0:3 defeat
In the upcoming season , new teams from two prominent Korean Esports organizations will be competing for the very first time : ROX Orcas and Meta Bellum . Other new teams include Watch Out , IX , MiraGe Gaming , X6-gaming , and Luminous Solar . Similar to the ROX and Meta rosters , all the new teams earned their spot through an offline qualifier .
MVP Space and Rhinos Gaming Titan who competed in APEX Season 1 will be attempting to re qualify for APEX this year . After placing in the bottom of their groups , both teams were forced to play in Super Week and were relegated following a finish in the bottom 4 of the rankings .
LW Red and Mighty AOD are back at it again with this being their third attempt at qualifying for APEX . In the past , both teams have come close to qualifying on two separates on occasions after consistently strong performances in the Challengers tournament , earning them a opportunity to play in Super Week . Sadly , both teams have never been able secure enough victories on both attempts to break into the Top 4 and were knocked back into Challengers .
During the preseason , LW Red took home first place at IEM Gyeonggi with a roster that consisted of a mix of players from original line up and their sister team LW Blue . In preparation for this upcoming season of Challengers several teams have revamped their rosters with new players . For example , LW Red traded Flow3r in for NoName and signed on ADIOS , Who , ArK , and r0ar earlier this month .
Boudreau is shown at his annual hockey camp in St. Catharines , Ont . ( Bob Tymczyszyn/FOR THE WASHINGTON POST )
Look for that story in the next week or so .
In the meantime , I want to share a few interesting items from an interview with Boudreau that focused on the Caps .
One of the more interesting items that came up was the style of play the team will implement this season . It 's been well-documented that Boudreau was forced to switch from his trademark high-octane style to a defensive posture when the flood of goals all but dried up in December .
But now he 's contemplating another tweak .
“ I 'm hoping that we can be a hybrid , ” Boudreau said . “ There are some parts we changed [ last season ] that I really loved . But when you 're playing like that , you have scored a lot of goals [ on ] dump-ins and you have to score a lot of goals off the forecheck because the quick-break is n't there . I 'd like to get back to being more of a quick-break team . ”
Boudreau would not delve into the specifics of positioning and the responsibilities of individual players in the new system . But he also made it clear that he does n't want them to revert to the Caps of 2009-10 , with forwards routinely gliding back , or camping out in the neutral zone while the puck is deep in Washington 's end , or more important , feeling that defensive-zone coverage is n't in their job description .
“ I 'd like to be a quick-break team but not [ have forwards ] taking off , waiting at the blue line , ” he said .
The coaching staff tested the hybrid system in development camp and will reevaluate its effectiveness in the preseason .
“ It seemed to work really good , ” he said , before later adding , “ I 'm always trying to be more of an offensive coach . I love offense . You have to score to win . ”
Something else I found interesting was Boudreau 's take online combinations and defensive pairings heading into next season .
For one , it did n't sound like Alex Ovechkin-Nicklas Backstrom-Mike Knuble is a lock to be the first line .
Or , for that matter , that Brooks Laich will be the second-line center .
Or , for that matter , that John Erskine will be sitting in the press box .
Here 's Boudreau 's unfiltered breakdown of the situation up front :
“ Our depth is tremendous , ” he said . “ I go over the lines , as you know , every day . We 've got four right wings : Brouwer , Semin , Ward and Knuble . ”
“ Who plays where ? ”
“ There are a lot of options there , ” he added , hardly taking a breath .
[ The coaches ] “ will obviously discuss it more . But at center , we 've got Backstrom , Johansson and — if we went with the premise that Halpern establishes the fourth line — then what are we doing with the third ? We could sit there and say , 'We 've got [ Christian ] Hanson , [ whom ] we got from the Leafs , Cody Eakin , Mattias Sjogren , Mathieu Perreault and Ryan Potulny all fighting for that third line spot . That may be [ training camp 's ] great battle . ”
I know that was a mouthful , but stick with him .
“ But you 've also got Jay Beagle who 's a center or right wing . So we could also move Brooks Laich to center and move Marcus to the third line . Or move Brooks to third-line center and have a really good checking line , and move Beagle to the right , and [ the wings ] all move up and Brouwer moves to left wing , where he 's played a lot of hockey before . ”
“ Hendricks , Chimera and Ovechkin are pretty well embedded into three left wing spots , ” he continued .
Got that ? Lots of flexibility , but it also sounds like there 's a potential for another revolving-door situation at center between the first line , which belongs to Backstrom , and the fourth , which , for now , belongs to Halpern .
As for Boudreau 's thoughts on the blue line , I 'll paraphrase . The right-side defensemen will be John Carlson , Mike Green and Dennis Wideman , whom Boudreau described as “ good to go and champing at the bit , ” after missing the playoffs with a leg hematoma
“ We never had one game last year with Wideman , Green and Carlson in the lineup , ” Boudreau said . “ Not one time . ”
The left side defensemen will be Karl Alzner , Roman Hamrlik and Jeff Schultz/John Erskine/Tom Poti .
“ Everybody is quick to punt John Erskine and make him the seventh , but I thought John Erskine was great last year , ” Boudreau said . “ When he plays that way , he 's a really important player on our team . ”
That , however , does n't mean the third-pairing , left-side defenseman will automatically be Erskine . Boudreau said Schultz will be in much better shape in next month 's training camp next versus last season and , in his opinion , “ is going to open up some eyes . ”
“ Last year — this never got out — but he had an illness all summer long , so there was no training for him , ” Boudreau said . “ That set him back . This summer , he 's been in the gym working , running and he 's getting leaner , the whole time in Washington with [ strength and conditioning coach ] Mark Nemish . When I saw him at the end of July , he was in great shape . ”
Boudreau said he did not have an update on Poti 's status . But reading between the lines , it also did not sound like the coach is expecting the 34-year-old , who missed all of last season , to be ready after playing in only 21 games because of groin-muscle injury .
That 's all for now , folks . I 'll see if I can mine a few more nuggets from my recorder for another post later this week .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
May 30 , 2016 , 6:07 PM GMT / Updated May 30 , 2016 , 6:07 PM GMT By Matt Johnson and Daniel Arkin
A transgender man who was badly beaten at a homeless encampment in Vermont last week has died of his injuries , police said .
Amos Beede , 38 , died Sunday at the University of Vermont Medical Center of wounds that included head trauma , facial fractures and broken ribs , Burlington Police Chief Brandon del Pozo said in a statement .
Authorities have not ruled out Beede 's transgender identity as a possible motive for the attack , and they `` will seek to determine what role if any it may have played , '' police said .
`` We will continue to view this homicide as a possible bias incident , '' police said .
No one has been charged in the assault .
Police were called to the homeless encampment in the area of Barge Canal on the morning of May 22 . Beede was found lying on the ground . Police say he had been attacked hours earlier .
At least ten more transgender people have been fatally shot , stabbed or “ killed by other violent means ” so far in 2016 , according to Human Rights Campaign , an LGBT advocacy group . In 2015 , at least 21 transgender people were killed in violent acts , the most ever recorded in a year , Human Rights Campaign reported .
Pawnshop Review : Motorola ES400
Windows Mobile Smartphone That Never Reached the Masses
Yuri Litvinenko Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 19 , 2016
Many devices , despite not being particularly different from other , are not built with the mass consumer in mind . They are not marketed towards your average Joe , either — he would n't find them appealing anyway — and are virtually unknown outside the niche they aim to cover . In fact , many companies which focus on selling their products to specific enterprises outright refuse to do the business with individuals… which makes them way too interesting for a layman when they do find the way in their hands .
Especially if the said layman is a nutjob that likes obsolete mobile tech and the device in question is an enterprise PDA .
Every few days or so , I casually search for local deals for old and used smart devices , be it Windows Mobile phones or electronic organizers by Palm or Casio . For several months , the search was fruitless , as the results were mostly consisting of banged-up Samsung WiTus and egregiously expensive Palm Tungstens . Imagine my surprise when , one day , I 've stumbled on a phone that was in a good condition and reasonably priced , and , on top of that , was made by a respectable company — and I had no idea it was making Windows Mobile devices .
The hero of this story , in its black-and-orange glory . Is is a phone or a Caterpillar truck ?
Well , it 's not like Motorola have gradually gone from making RAZRs and ROKRs to producing rugged handhelds for industrial applications . That part of its business was inherited from Symbol Technologies , which Motorola Inc. acquired in 2007 . In 2011 , when Motorola spun off its consumer division as Motorola Mobility ( which was acquired by Google shortly after , then sold to Lenovo ) , the core company , renamed Motorola Solutions , continued creating and maintaining Symbol devices using both brands simultaneously . Three years later , Zebra Technologies bought the enterprise division of Motorola Solutions , including Symbol Technologies , and continues to provide their customers with new Zebra-branded devices and the updates for Motorola/Symbol ones .
I have n't really knew all of that back when I was gazing at the display window of the pawnshop . All I knew is , this thing looks unique enough to tinker with , and that was enough to shell out some symbolic sum of money .
As a mobile phone , Motorola ES400 does not look as ridiculous as other enterprise mobile computers — you can actually use it as a phone in public and do n't look like a doofus . ( Try to do that with a warehouse data terminal , I dare you . ) In fact , apart from the vertically-oriented screen , it looks pretty much like a rugged version of other QWERTY smartphones from 2010 , Nokia E72 and BlackBerry Torch 9800 — it even has the same optical navi button . It would probably even be as thin , if it was n't for the 3080 mAh extended battery installed by the previous user .
The “ barcode ” button to the left of the navi button is the only thing that shows ES400 's main purpose — to assist with capturing of goods . Once you press the button , the camera turns on , and the LED on the back projects the red line of light to the object , making it easier to scan barcodes without looking at the phone 's screen . The 3.2 Mpix camera does not produce good shots , but the bright “ flash ” -like LED and autofocus make it serviceable for the task which it was probably designed for — shooting documents , writings and business cards . ( Unfortunately , the built-in camera app does not support focusing by touching the optical button — I loved that feature on Nokia E72 and HTC Touch Diamond . )
The camera 's LED is way too bright to be used when making photos of people .
Speaking of touching — Motorola ES400 has a fingerprint scanner . It 's placed on the back of the device near the camera ; this location is much loved by Android phone manufacturers today , but the mobile devices of yore tended to have it on the front . It obviously does n't work as well as modern ones , but it gets the job done . Sure , false negatives occur way too often , and registering all your ten fingers is essential if you do n't want to be locked out , but the unauthorized person has absolutely no chance to unlock the phone with their finger .
The hardware QWERTY keyboard is n't the best I 've used , but it gets the job done . The Fn key works only like a switch , which makes entering phone numbers in two-handed mode not as natural as it could be . I also tend to press the email button most of the time I want to press Shift , but that 's not really a problem since most keys can be remapped . By the way , holding the email button switches the navi button from 4-way mode to the trackpad mode , which makes the mouse cursor to appear on screen . While the idea of using a virtual mouse instead of a touchscreen sounds goofy , it comes in handy quite often , considering that the borderless resistive panel is notably worse than the concealed or capacitive one . ( It was the time when everyone tried to mimic the touch hardware of the iPhone while being on a budget . ) The stylus is n't great , too — sure , it 's long and rather comfortable , but it seems to be made of very bendable plastic , and there are too many reports on the Web about the stylus snapping in two .
I have n't got around to testing the cellular capabilities of the device , but I suppose it can be quite usable as a mobile phone even today — heck , it even supports 3.5G , which is n't shabby for such morally obsolete hardware . There 's more : being built for worldwide deployment , Motorola ES400 supports both GSM and CDMA standards , on both worldwide and American frequency bands ! Overall , the device was considered quite feature-packed for its time , and it actually has everything the user from 2016 can expect from a modern phone — from Bluetooth and GPS to gyroscope and ambient light sensors .
In a somewhat peculiar fashion , the back of the device has several open electrical contacts . Since the microUSB port is behind the rubber cover — it 's a certified waterproof device , after all , — these are what official car holders and dock stations use . Apparently Motorola also had a holster with contacts in it — the phone selected a specific sound profile and put itself to sleep once the user put in the holster . Neat-o .
Motorola ES400 came with Windows Mobile 6.5.3 out of box and was later updated to Windows Embedded Handheld — which is essentially the same exact thing , only strapped of consumer branding and equipped with more under-the-hood updates . The 6.5 version ( and 6.5.3 revision in particular ) definitely do not represent what was Windows Mobile platform in the days of its glory ; it was a stopgap Windows Mobile release designed to make the wait for brand-new Windows Phone 7 a little less painful , and all visible “ enhancements ” consisted of half-baked finger-friendly UI elements carried over from the abandoned “ Windows Mobile 7 ” /Photon project . Nevertheless , it is a peak of the platform 's technical capabilities , and the Motorola hardware , while not being the strongest in the Windows Mobile camp , certainly lets the system shine .
On how rename is broken in Mac OS X
Introduction
From rename ( 2 ) , on my Mac OS X Leopard ( 10.5.2 ) laptop :
To rename ( ) system call guarantees that an instance of new will always exist , even if the system should crash in the middle of the operation .
Basically , what apple is saying here is that to rename system call is atomic : there should never be a time where new does n't exist for the duration of the execution of the system call , and that after rename completes , the operation is either completed succesfully or failed ( eg . because the filesystem is read-only ) . For more details on how rename ( ) is supposed to work , please read the SU specification . In this document I will empirically prove that rename ( ) is not atomic in Mac OS X .
Details and test method
Let 's see how the above works out if we 're renaming symbolic links . It should provide us with the means to `` relink '' atomically , something ln -sfh does n't provide as this simply deletes the target ( if it exists ) and creates a new symlink in its place . Atomic relinking can be useful in several situations , and the canonical way to do this on unix systems is by using to rename ( ) system call : first create a symlink to the new destination with a temporary filename , then rename that temporary filename to the intended name . Something like the following :
# include < stdio.h > # include < unistd.h > int main ( ) { symlink ( `` DESTINATION '' , `` templink '' ) ; rename ( `` templink '' , `` LINK '' ) ; return 0 ; }
There is an easy way to empirically prove that rename ( ) is not atomic on Leopard 10.5.2 . All you have to do is create a link to a directory , replace that link with a link to another directory and in the meantime touch ( 1 ) a file in the directory the link points to . If you do this often enough , you 'll run into occasions where you get an error message from touch , complaining that there 's `` No such file or directory '' . Let 's give this a shot .
In one shell , type the following :
mkdir -p /tmp/test/ { A , B } cd /tmp/test cat < < EOF > linkit.c # include < stdio.h > # include < unistd.h > int main ( ) { while ( 1 ) { symlink ( `` A '' , `` templink '' ) ; rename ( `` templink '' , `` link '' ) ; symlink ( `` B '' , `` templink '' ) ; rename ( `` templink '' , `` link '' ) ; } } EOF cc -o linkit linkit.c ./linkit
What we have just done is write , compile and start a program that continuously points a symlink called `` link '' first to directory A and then to directory B and back to A , to B , to A , etc . Now , we need to touch a file in the directory that symlink `` link '' points to .
In a second shell , run the following command :
while : ; do touch /tmp/test/link/C ; done
Result and conclusions
This should continuously touch either /tmp/test/A/C or /tmp/test/B/C , depending on where the link points . Now , if rename ( ) is atomic , this will always succeed . However , after some runtime , you will get the following error message :
touch : /tmp/test/link/C : No such file or directory
We can only get this error message if there is no symbolic link called 'link ' , or if the link points to a non-existent directory . This goes against the principle of atomicity , so therefor we must conclude that rename ( ) is not atomic on Mac OS X . My best guess is that the OS simply takes a shortcut in this case and does a deleted first and then quickly follows up with the actual renaming , similar to the ln -sfh way of doing it , so without taking the necessary precautions to guarantee atomicity . During my tests , I even got the error message ' touch : /tmp/test/link/C : Is a directory ' , something I can offer no explanation for since C should either be a file ( if link points to A or B ) or the path to C ( link ) does n't exist . And besides , touching a directory should n't fail , so it 's a weird error for touch to give . In order to get this fixed I have filed a bug report with apple , its BugID is 5799661 .
Running this same procedure on a Linux , a FreeBSD and an OpenBSD machine gives no such error messages . This is to be expected if rename ( ) is indeed atomic but does not prove it !
Update August 26 , 2008 :
I have received an acknowledgement from Apple on my bug report . Here 's a quick quote from their e-mail :
This is a follow up to Bug ID # 5799661 . After further investigation it has been determined that this is a known issue , which is currently being investigated by engineering . This issue has been filed in our bug database under the original Bug ID # 5398777 . The original bug number being used to track this duplicate issue can be found in the State column , in this format : Duplicate/OrigBug # .
Unfortunately , this also means that I have lost all visibility into the state of this bug . Since my Bug ID is closed as 'Duplicate ' and I have no access to bugs I did not file , I will have to wait for new Mac OS X versions to see if this problem is fixed .
Update September 17 , 2008 :
Today Mac OS X Software Update informed me that there was an update for Leopard . Unfortunately , upgrading to 10.5.5 makes no difference , the issue is still there . That 's the third upgrade since I reported this issue that does not fix it .
Update January 4 , 2009 :
After updating to Mac OS X 10.5.6 some time ago , I decided to try again . Issue still there , nothing new here . Maybe ( just maybe ) it 'll be fixed in Snow Leopard ( Mac OS X 10.6 ) , so I 'll try again once that 's released ( should be somewhere mid '09 ) . So no more updates for minor versions until then ( except , of course , if a minor version fixes this problem ) .
Update September 4 , 2009 :
Snow Leopard arrived . It was hard to actually acquire a copy ( way to go , Apple ) , but eventually I managed . There are hardly any new features visible to the user , so maybe they fixed their bugs this release ? Sadly , no . Mac OS X 10.6 still suffers from the same problem . I seem to get a similar amount of `` No such file or directory '' errors and after some more runtime , I also get the `` Is a directory '' error . Guess that if I want this issue fixed , I 'll have to wait for macOS XI ( or would that be macOS Y ? ) .
Update January 8 , 2010 :
I just received an e-mail from an Apple employee who was very kind to inform me that the original bug ( 5398777 ) was resolved in Snow Leopard but the issue I reported was not fixed . As I mentioned in the August 26th , 2008 update , I have no access to bug reports that are not my own so I was not aware of this fix . My original issue has been reopened as 7519910 .
Unfortunately , that means I still do not have any visibility on Apple 's progress in fixing this issue , but I do believe it is now on their radar again . So , hopefully , this will be solved in the not too distant future : )
Thanks to that friendly Apple guy for taking the time to inform me of this update .
Update November 13 , 2010 :
After the upgrade to 10.6.5 I thought I 'd check again . It 's been more than 2.5 years since I reported this to Apple , but it 's still broken . I do seem to get less `` Is a directory '' errors ( but I do still get them ) .
I should probably give up any remaining hope I had left in me for a fix , the issue does not seem important enough for Apple to warrant a fix . Knowing myself , I will keep trying with every new release ...
Although I have n't yet upgraded to Lion myself , I 've now received two reports that Apple 's latest offering actually fixes their bug . Note that , as stated in the initial writeup , a lack of errors reported from the test procedure does not conclusively prove the operation is now atomic , the chance of running into this issue under normal conditions is at least greatly decreased .
So , it took them 3 years , but aparently it was worth the wait . Thanks to Apple for ( finally ) resolving the issue and thanks to Job and Ben for reporting their results from their Lion machines . Let 's close this chapter now : )
Vancouverites may soon be better insulated against cellphone theft , with Canada 's wireless industry preparing to lock out mobile service to phones registered as stolen .
The strategy represents a push by carriers , spurred on by police , to “ blacklist ” stolen devices in a move that would reduce the incentive for theft amid a rise in related crime in Metro Vancouver and across Canada .
“ This new device verification process , which will deny service to any device that is on the GSMA ‘ blacklist , ' is designed to help eliminate the black market for stolen devices in Canada and abroad by reducing the value of smartphones in the eyes of criminals , ” said Ashlee Smith , a spokeswoman for the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association , an industry group representing carriers .
By Sept. 30 , 2013 , carriers will routinely verify whether a device 's identifier number is listed as stolen or lost before it is cleared for activation , the CWTA announced in a release Thursday .
“ After comprehensive study , Canada 's wireless industry today is announcing what it believes is the best solution to help keep Canadians safe from cell phone theft , ” said Bernard Lord , head of the CWTA .
Jaime Poh , now 23 , had her HTC smartphone stolen from the downtown retail store where she worked last year .
“ I was actually helping a customer and placed it on the counter briefly , turned , then next thing I knew it was gone , ” she said .
The Surrey resident had Telus put a suspension on her account , but that would n't stop the thief from activating the phone through a different provider — or selling it to someone who could do the same .
Poh said the emotional loss was as big as the financial one .
“ What really bummed me out … was that I kept a lot of photos on it . It had notes that I would record on it . The phone 's almost like an agenda or diary where you can log everything , ” she said .
“ Obviously there is monetary value , but replacing the phone does n't replace any of the photos on it . ”
A statement from CRTC Chairman Jean-Pierre Blais says the regulator has been concerned for some time about reports of increased crime involving stolen cellphones .
“ The creation of a database to keep track of devices that have been lost or stolen , and collaboration within the industry to ensure they are not reactivated , will help to make cellphones less desirable to thieves . I would strongly encourage the industry to implement the database before September 2013 to ensure Canadians benefit from this added protection as soon as possible , ” he said .
Jim Chu , head of the Canadian Association of Chiefs of Police and Vancouver police chief , had met with Bernard Lord to encourage the blacklist as a way to reduce phone-related theft and violence , said Vancouver police spokesman Const . Brian Montague .
“ Obviously we 're pleased that this database will be set up , and we 're hoping it 's going to reduce the number of cellphone thefts and cellphone robberies in the city , ” he said .
“ Thieves always try and find a way to circumvent the system , but what we 're hoping is that this will make a big dent in what is a fairly significant trend right now . ”
Original Airdate : April 18 , 2011
Written & Storyboarded by : Kent Osborne , Somvilay Xayaphone & David C. Smith
Pendleton Ward mentions in the commentary of this episode that he hates pitting Finn and Jake against each other . Simple reason : it 's just not fun . I completely concur with this notion , as with pretty much any series , watching two characters bicker for a majority episode just simply is n't enjoyable or interesting enough to watch . Finn and Jake have a very close relationship , which means they 're prone to fight every now and then and get into disagreements . I personally think the episode Who Would Win ? did a pretty decent job of that while still keeping the episode fun and enjoyable . How does this episode fare ? Well , let 's check it out .
It 's interesting to note that this is actually the first time the Great Mushroom War gets named dropped , and it 's done so in a relatively humorous way . I really like how seriously Finn and Jake take the Federal Warning , and it works perfectly as a conflict driver . I like how the literal apocalypse can be used for such a simple plot point like this one .
The scenes that follow are pretty humorous . I like that this is an episode that really uses most of the main and recurring AT characters to its advantage , and even giving some others a bit more screentime . For instance , this is really the first time Mr. Cupcake gets a chance to shine , and one of the first he 's pitted against Jake . Jake 's jealousy of him is pretty enjoyable , and I love how this is actually the start of a long term rivalry between the two of them . In addition , Shelby , one of my favorite side characters , gets some well deserved spotlight in this episode . Shelby 's general snarky attitude and diverse personality from the rest of the mostly optimistic AT characters is actually pretty refreshing , and the “ check pleeeeease ” line is definitely something I 've considered putting on my graduation cap on more than one occasion . There 's also some other little fun gags at the beginning , like Finn 's magic cup that pours everyone 's preferred juice and oh-my-god-whatever-the-fuck PB was drinking . I seriously do n't know what to make of that .
Aside from that , there 's simply not much to this one for me . Finn and Jake 's bitching at each other is tiresome , and it 's a bit ridiculously over-the-top for them to be angry at each other for such a dumb reason as picking a genre for their movie . I think it would 've been way more interesting if they just went with the “ two characters try to make a movie and it turns out terribly ” plot , but instead they choose and obvious route that brings down the entire episode . It 's a shame really , because had they chose the former , they were headed in the right direction . There 's some other funny scenes like the one where Slime Princess jumps right into the crocodile pit and when Finn attempts to make it look like PB is riding the frog chariot , and if they just stuck with those ideas in mind , I think it would 've turned out a much better product . Luckily BMO 's song ( written by David C. Smith ) is sweet enough to end the episode on a very endearing note , but otherwise , it 's a pretty weak entry from the second season .
Favorite line : “ Check pleeeeease ! ”
Advertisements
Spread the love
London — In one of the most damning admissions to date by the Church of England , the head of the church admitted they “ colluded ” with and helped to hide the long-term sexual abuse of children and young men .
On Thursday , Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby apologized to the victims who spoke out and helped bring their attacker to justice . However , according to the report on how the church handled the case , as well as the slap on the wrist ex-bishop Peter Ball received for decades of abuse , ‘ justice ' is a loosely thrown around term .
According to the AP , Welby ordered the report after Ball was convicted and imprisoned in 2015 for misconduct in public office and indecent assaults against teenagers and young men over a period of 20 years .
Despite admitting to sexually abusing 18 people , this serial child rapist was let out of prison after only serving 16 months .
Welby 's report noted that Ball 's conduct “ caused serious and enduring damage to the lives of many men , ” and that “ the church at its most senior levels and over many years supported him unwisely . ”
After admitting that the church not only looked the other way for decades , the report also concedes that they helped to hide the abuse .
“ The church colluded and concealed rather than seeking to help those who were brave enough to come forward , ” Welby said .
“ This is inexcusable and shocking behavior , ” he said , according to the AP , adding that while most of what happened took place years ago , “ we can never be complacent , we must learn lessons . ”
The roots of the Church of England go back to the time of the Roman Empire when Christianity entered the Roman province of Britain . The Church of England is the official state church of Britain whose most senior cleric is Welby . However , the supreme governor of the church is the Queen herself .
As the monarch is the supreme governor , it can be assumed that it took part in the cover up as well .
Until Welby became the Archbishop of Canterbury , the church has had a long and sordid history of silencing those who claimed they were abused by its members .
Independent investigators have been examining files as far back as the 1950s and Welby hopes this independence will prevent any possibility of more cover-ups .
“ We will systematically bring those transparently and openly first of all working with the survivors where they are still alive and then seeing what they want , ” Welby said . “ The rule is survivors come first , not our own interests , and however important the person was , however distinguished , however well-known , survivors come first . ”
In spite of Welby 's intentions , Keith Porteous Wood of the National Secular Society noted that it does n't go far enough , especially given the church 's influence over the police and Child Protective Services .
The problem was n't that bishops were n't trained in such matters , it is the institutional culture of denial and the bullying of the abused and whistleblowers into silence . One report suggests that 13 bishops ignored letters written in the 1990s warning of abuse by Ball on behalf of a victim who later committed suicide . I have seen evidence that such bullying persists to this day . I hope that the Archbishop 's review into the case of Peter Ball will deal with such bullying and what appears to be the undue influence exerted on the police and CPS by the Church in dealing with this case . The total failure of procedures , outlined by Ian Elliott , echoes that revealed in the totally damning Cahill Report about the conduct of the Archbishop Hope of York in respect of Robert Waddington . The current Archbishop of York has decided that this report should remain in printed form rather than be more widely available on the web .
As the Free Thought Project has pointed out on multiple occasions , pedophilia among the elite and clergy is rampant . The problem has gotten so bad in England that officials issued an order earlier this year to stop naming streets and landmarks after local heroes and politicians because they could later be exposed as pedophiles .
In February , the Free Thought Project reported on the fact that the police chief came forward and confirmed that the former Prime Minister of England , Sir Edward Heath , had raped dozens of children . The department also noted how those within the government helped cover up these crimes .
When these monsters are exposed , as Ball 's case illustrates , they receive little to no punishment . This glaring lack of punishment leads one to speculate as to why the legislative bodies are allowing it . Are they perhaps worried that people like Ball will expose their crimes too if they receive anything less than a slap on the wrist ?
The good news is that because people are refusing to be silenced , the coverage of human trafficking even hit the mainstream this year in a horrifying episode of Dr. Phil . A former victim , who was born into the sex trafficking trade , came forward to implicate high-level government officials as well as police and civilians in their role in the trade .
Even Netflix has begun to expose this horrid problem with their new series The Keepers , which exposed a decades-long practice of clergy , police , and politicians abusing countless children .
While Netflix and Dr. Phil have done a huge service to society by exposing this reality , we have a long way to go to end it . Pedophilia and child trafficking is a very real issue and those who attempt to discredit it and sweep it under the rug are either horribly incompetent or complicit .
This problem will not go away through ridicule and name calling . We must shine light into the darkness through refusing to be silenced . We must stand for those who are too scared to come forward and we must be the voice for the voiceless . Please share this story with your friends and family so that they may see the real horror of what goes on behind the well-connected political scenes in this country and others . Until enough people become aware , none of this will end .
In any business , establishing and maintaining a good reputation is the key to success . In hotels and restaurants , reputation is especially important . New customers come from many sources – travel agents , Internet , social media , word of mouth . Why is it so important to you treat job seekers as potential customers ?
1 . They May Already Be Customers
Perhaps a candidate applied to your restaurant or hotel because you have impressed them enough on previous visits that they want to join your organization . Mismanage the hiring process and you can lose them as customers . While you ca n't hire everyone who applies , you can create a simple application process , keep candidates updated on their status and inform them professionally if they do n't get the job .
In a reputation-based business , the way you treat every person you come in contact with matters . So treat every job seeker as well as you would a customer .
2 . Better Treatment Keeps You on Track With Top Candidates
No matter what the state of the economy , there is always competition for the best employees . Truly skilled professionals are always in demand . Treat job seekers well and your reputation will attract a higher caliber of candidate .
3 . Today 's Entry Level Applicants are Tomorrow 's Decision Makers
They say that you can judge a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him . So be sure to treat every applicant well . Whether you hire them or not , people who are just entering the workforce may have no influence now , but one day they could be responsible for deciding where to hold a conference or reserve a block of rooms for an event . Treating them with professionalism now could be worth it in the long run .
4 . They Bring in New Business
With every new employee comes a fresh source of customers . A single hire opens the door to a whole new social circle of friends , family and acquaintances . When people know that a friend has a new job in a restaurant or hotel , they 'll want to come and try it .
If job seekers are treated poorly , that information will spread as well . Not only have you turned off this job seeker , but you may also lose his friends and family as customers as well . Social media takes it even further . A study conducted by CareerBuilder and Inavero revealed that 78 % of workers would tell friends and family about a bad experience with an employer . Seventeen percent said that they would talk about it on social media or a blog .
5 . They are the Best Source of Quality Candidates .
Recruit the best candidates and give them the same level of respect as you would your best customer . Your top employees may know others with similar skills . If your establishment is a great place to work and you treat them well , they will want to bring their friends on board as well .
The recruiting team at Horizon Hospitality targets job seekers who are ready to make a positive impact on your facility . Whether you 're looking for a hotel or restaurant management job or a top hospitality executive recruiter , contact Horizon Hospitality .
Related
A NARRABEEN `` mummy blogger '' was in a select group to dine with Prime Minister Julia Gillard at Rooty Hill RSL this week .
Kim Berry , whose blog all consuming was a finalist in the Sydney Writers ' Centre ' Best Australian Blogs awards 2012 , said she met Ms Gillard twice last year .
The mother of four was one of five bloggers asked to join Ms Gillard for dinner at the western Sydney club on Monday .
The group dined in a private room , with one commentator questioning why Ms Gillard did not eat with Rooty Hill people instead .
Ms Berry said she pondered that question but still felt privileged to have access to the Prime Minister .
She said people were well behaved as Ms Gillard made her way through the club . `` A lot of people smiled , came up , got photos with her , there was no heckling , '' she said .
There was a `` collegiate '' atmosphere at the dinner and the conversation covered asylum seekers , foreign aid policy and the National Disability Insurance Scheme .
`` She ( Ms Gillard ) seems to have a remarkable ability to compartmentalise and not engage with the naysayers , '' Ms Berry said . Ms Berry said she was conscious the meeting was part of a political strategy but it also reflected change in the media environment .
`` It is now part of the playing field and a way of connecting with constituents , '' she said .
Miami ( AFP ) - Icy mountain ranges can be seen rising from Pluto 's surface , according to the first close-up images released Wednesday from NASA 's New Horizon 's spacecraft after its historic of flyby of the dwarf planet .
The mountains ' elevation reaches 11,000 feet ( 3,400 meters ) , the US space agency said , or about as high as the Rocky Mountains .
Scientists were also stunned to see a close-up section of Pluto that showed no sign of craters , despite its home in the Kuiper Belt , the region beyond Neptune where cosmic debris is constantly pelting Pluto and its five moons .
NASA said the findings suggest that Pluto is geologically active , and contains parts that are youthful in astronomical terms , perhaps less than 100 million years old , a small fraction of the 4.5 billion year age of the solar system .
`` It might be active right now , '' said project scientist John Spencer .
Scientists first saw hints of a geologically active phenomenon on Triton , a moon of Neptune that was glimpsed by the Voyager 2 space mission in the 1980s . It also had virtually no impact craters .
`` Now we have settled the fact that these very small planets can be very active after a long time and I think it is going to send a lot of geophysicists back to the drawing boards to try and understand how exactly you do that , '' said principal investigator Alan Stern .
`` The bedrock that makes those mountains must be made of H20 , of water-ice , '' said Stern .
Other kinds of ice that are abundant on the surface of Pluto are made of nitrogen , methane and carbon monoxide .
`` You ca n't make mountains out of that stuff . It is just too soft , '' Spencer told reporters .
- Historic flyby -
New Horizons , a $ 700 million nuclear-powered spacecraft , spent much of Tuesday snapping pictures and collecting data as it zoomed by Pluto .
The piano-sized spacecraft passed 7,750 miles -- or about the distance from New York to Mumbai , India -- from Pluto 's surface .
Those images , including color data on Pluto and some of its five moons , offer 10 times more detail than ever before seen .
But the information the spacecraft has gathered is only beginning to reach Earth , after a journey of nearly 10 years and three billion miles ( 4.8 billion kilometers ) .
And the data is going to keep coming in for the next 16 months , according to Stern .
Other images released Wednesday showed Charon , the largest moon of Pluto -- measuring about the size of Texas -- as having its own belt of troughs and cliffs that extend about 600 miles ( 960 kilometers ) across the surface , as well as a canyon that is four to six miles deep .
`` Charon just blew our socks off when we had the new image today , '' said deputy project scientist Cathy Olkin .
`` It is a small world with deep canyons , roughs , cliffs , dark regions that are still slightly mysterious to us , '' she added .
`` There is so much interesting science in this image alone . ''
Not since NASA 's Voyager 2 mission , which flew by Neptune in 1989 , has a spacecraft visited a planetary system .
And Pluto , long considered the farthest planet from the Sun before it was reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006 , has never before been explored .
So far , a series of pictures from the spacecraft have revealed curious surface features , from a dark shadowy whale figure to a bright heart shape .
But just what these shapes are , or what kind of terrain they represent , remains unclear .
The images released Wednesday have a resolution of about 100 meters ( yards ) per pixel .
The Japanese economy is already showing clear signs of renewed weakness .
This blog was originally published in Nikkei Asian Review
Just as Japanese growth was starting to pick up from the repercussions of last year 's consumption tax hike , a new shock has hit the economy : China 's economic woes .
The Japanese economy is already showing clear signs of renewed weakness . First , the stock market has plunged , falling even further than when Japan slipped into a technical recession after last year 's tax increase .
This is likely because the slowdown in the Chinese economy was more unexpected than the tax hike and is structural in nature . Unless the Chinese authorities react aggressively to revive their flagging economy , the consequences for Japan look longer-term , more far-reaching and more uncertain .
Deep trade ties
The economic link between Japan and China is mainly through foreign direct investment and trade . China is the biggest destination for Japanese foreign direct investment , while China is Japan 's second-largest trade partner , accounting for 18.3 % of exports in 2014 , closely behind the U.S. , at 18.6 % . The volume of Japan 's exports to China fell 9.2 % in August from a year earlier , and available indicators for July — industrial production and machinery orders — have also come in much weaker than expected .
Reverberations from China 's slowing demand could exacerbate this trend . A full 54 % of Japan 's exports last year went to Asian countries . Given the close trade ties between China and the rest of the region , it is clear that China is of greater importance to Japan 's exporters than the U.S. As a result , Japanese companies that have strong business ties with China have led the stock market lower over the past month .
The fall in equity prices is in turn expected to hit consumer confidence and result in a negative wealth effect , which will impact personal consumption . These adverse developments are likely to outweigh the gradual improvement in wages and undermine a nascent consumer recovery .
In the face of these growing headwinds , the 1.2 % annualized drop in quarter-on-quarter economic growth in the April-June period , which had previously been seen as a temporary correction following the 4.5 % annualized expansion of the previous quarter , now looks to have heralded the risk of a technical recession .
Coupled with heightened economic uncertainty and the confidence-sapping indictment of Japan 's economic policy inherent in Standard & Poor 's downgrade of the country 's sovereign debt rating on Wednesday , business investment is expected to fall again this quarter . Without the support of private demand , it will be very difficult for Japan to return to positive growth .
At the same time , deflationary pressures in Japan are likely to intensify because of lower commodity prices and the stagnating economy , pushing real interest rates up even further . These factors will combine to add more pressure on business investment . Additionally , the tail risk of a substantial yuan devaluation threatens a global wave of deflationary pressure .
Yen reversal
As if this were not bad enough , the yen 's weakening trend that was previously aiding exporters has been reversed as its status as a safe haven comes back to the fore for investors rushing out of emerging markets . China alone has already lost close to $ 500 billion in reserves in a little more than a year .
The greenback can not absorb such an outflow on its own , and unless the Bank of Japan reacts with more quantitative easing , yen appreciation may well continue . Any significant devaluation of the Chinese yuan would further exacerbate the pain for Japanese exporters , both by making their sales to China even dearer and by giving Chinese competitors and edge in certain markets .
Japanese government bonds have shown indifference to the S & P downgrade , largely due to the fact that 95 % are held domestically . But with weakening growth and deflation making fiscal consolidation even more challenging , Japan will eventually have to attract more foreign capital to fund its deficit and support its aging population , which will give rise to a much less forgiving government bond market .
Overall , the impact of China 's deceleration is a huge shock for Japan , not only because it is happening much more quickly than had been expected but also because the bilateral relationship is a key pillar of the Japanese economy .
The Bank of Japan can help , and probably will soon , but there is a limit to what monetary policy can do in the face of such a huge shock . Ironically , China 's troubles , which may so far have afforded Prime Minister Shinzo Abe some schadenfreude , might actually derail his flagship economic project , Abenomics .
Almost 80 years ago , ideological true believers from all over the world flocked to Spain to fight in a civil war , serving in the famed International Brigades on the Republican side . These days , echoes of Spain can be found in Ukraine , where foreign ideologues now can be found battling separatists backed by Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
So far , the scale of foreigners going to Ukraine to fight is far smaller than was the case during the Spanish Civil War . For example , of the roughly 250 volunteers in the Azov Battalion , an irregular unit fighting for the Ukrainian government , 12 are foreign and 24 reinforcements from abroad are expected to arrive soon .
“ We are not mercenaries , we are volunteers who receive no pay at all and fight for a righteous cause , ” said Gaston Besson , a former French paratrooper who helps oversee the battalion 's foreign cohort . “ We are anti-communist , but the spirit is the same as that of the International Brigades that fought [ against Fascism ] in Spain in the thirties . ”
In June , Besson posted an appeal for foreign volunteers to join the Azov Battalion on his Facebook page . “ You will find nothing but trouble , war , adventure , and perhaps death or serious injury , but you will definitely have great memories and make life-long friends , ” he wrote .
“ Every day I receive dozens of requests to join us by e-mail , especially from countries like Finland , Norway and Sweden , ” added Besson , who has lots of combat experience from conflicts all over the world . “ I reject 75 percent of them . We do not want trigger-happy fanatics , drug addicts , or alcoholics . The volunteers must pay for their own ticket and then begin training in Kyiv before being sent to the front lines . ”
The battalion , which was formed in April , had its baptism of fire on June 13 , when the unit participated in an operation to retake the pro-Russian controlled city of Mariupol , situated on the north coast of the Sea of Azov , in southeastern Ukraine .
Many of the Azov Battalion members describe themselves as ultra-right Ukrainian nationalists . They proudly wear symbols and use slogans associated with neo-Nazis , such as black t-shirts with the Celtic cross . Football ultras have also joined the ranks of the battalion , which was founded by the National Social Assembly , a confederation of ultra-nationalist organizations , as well as Ukrainian groups that oppose alignment with the European Union and NATO . This far-right ideology is what continues to draw like-minded activists from Sweden , Italy , France , Italy , Canada and even Russia .
For an Italian citizen in the Azov Battalion , 53-year-old Francesco F. , the fight in Ukraine has given him a sense of purpose . “ On the Maidan barricades I was like ET , finding ‘ home ' on the side of Ukrainian nationalists ” , said Francesco , who during the 1970s and 80s was affiliated with the National Vanguard ultra-right movement in Italy . “ After the annexation of the Crimea and the explosion of the Eastern part of the country , I could not abandon them [ Ukrainians ] to face the Russian threat alone . That 's why I chose to enlist and fight . ”
At their camp at Berdyansk , a city on the Azov Sea roughly 80 miles southwest of Donetsk , members of the battalion lined up one day recently , all wearing balaclavas to cover their faces for fear of repercussions should they be identified . At the order of their commander , they ran to a battered van that was to take them to a firing range .
On their way to shooting practice and maneuvers , fighters paid homage to their Italian comrade Francesco F. by singing a hymn honoring Mussolini . Francesco , whom everybody calls “ Don , ” or “ uncle , ” fights under the nom de guerre Stan .
Francesco was sitting next to Severin , a 20 year-old Swedish volunteer who has a tattoo on his bodybuilder-like biceps with the inscription “ son of Odin. ” A pounding nationalist rock song called “ Death to the Enemy ” played from a mobile phone , and battalion members took turns insulting Russian President Vladimir Putin 's manhood .
At the firing range , a Swedish instructor offered training on urban warfare . The man , who did not want to be identified , was dressed in black , shaved , lean , and muscular . “ I came to train you in the most difficult tactics , urban warfare. ” He harangued the battalion with the attitude of an officer . “ I will show you how to break into a building , take it and , if you are lucky , get out of it alive . ”
Mikael Skillt is perhaps the most well-known foreign fighter of the battalion . This Swedish sniper , with seven years ' experience in the Swedish Army and the Swedish National Guard , was a member of the neo-Nazi Svenskarnas party in Sweden . He is one of the few fighters who agreed to speak without covering his face ; he supposedly has a 5,000 euro ( 80,000 gryvna ) bounty put on his head by pro-Russian elements . This amount in Ukraine is worth over the average yearly wage .
“ They can come get me if they want . I fight against the idiots who believe in what Putin says , ” he declared . “ At Mariupol , a sniper tried to shoot me from a window . After locating him , I waited until he was a little uncovered and then pulled the trigger . He just had no hope , ” Skillt said .
Dressed in his camouflage combat fatigues , Skillt explained what drove him to enlist in the Azov Battalion , “ I saw on TV snipers killing civilians and nationalists on Maidan Square , so I decided to join in. ” He confessed that he gets a rush out of combat , “ There is something special when your heart is beating like mad and you see all these bullets flying around and bouncing on the ground near you . ”
Muran , a young Russian who also fights with the Azov Battalion , said he came to Ukraine because he wanted to help bring down Putin 's government . He does not know if he will be able to go back to Russia , as he is now considered a traitor . “ I would rather blow myself up with a grenade than be captured alive , ” said the masked 24 year old from the Ural Mountains .
Thirteen bodies have been retrieved from a mass grave in Deraa , the hub of Syria 's protest movement , according to residents cited by human rights organisations .
People from the southern city say hundreds of people are unaccounted for since a crackdown on protests began on 18 March and intensified when the army moved in on 25 April to try to quash unrest against Bashar al-Assad 's 11-year rule .
Radwan Ziadeh , the US-based head of the Damascus Centre for Human Rights , said so far seven bodies had been identified by residents . Five of the dead were reportedly from the same family : Abdulrazaq Abdulaziz Abazied and his children , Samer , Samir , Suleiman and Mohamed .
Wissam Tarif of the rights group Insan said : `` Nobody knows who is behind the grave but the fact that there were people with hands tied behind their back and we have seen an operation across the country by the army … makes us believe the state is behind this . ''
The National Organisation for Human Rights in Syria also reported a grave found on Monday . `` Authorities immediately cordoned off the area to prevent residents from recovering the bodies , '' it said . Several videos purporting to show the unearthing of bodies from a field near the city have been posted online .
The government said reports of a mass grave were `` completely untrue '' , state TV reported on Tuesday .
Accounts of the mass grave could not be independently verified , although the pro-regime newspaper al-Watan has acknowledged that five bodies had been found .
`` Given that Syria 's officials have demonstrated time and time again that they are incapable of launching an independent investigation , it should be the UN-mandated international inquiry that looks into these killings , '' Nadim Houry , the Beirut-based senior researcher at Human Rights Watch , told the Guardian .
A one-day nationwide general strike was called by protesters for Wednesday , in a strategy aimed at undermining the regime 's authority in Syria , embarrassing Assad , and demonstrating support for the uprising in places such as central Damascus , where big protests have yet to take place .
`` It will be a day of punishment for the regime from the free revolutionaries , '' said a statement posted on Facebook .
The official Syrian news agency , Sana , said Assad met a delegation from Deraa and they discussed the `` positive atmosphere there as a result of co-operation between the residents and the army '' .
Residents report that landlines have been restored , the curfew shortened and tanks have retreated to the outskirts , but the city remains under tight control .
Nick Harvey , Britain 's armed forces minister , said it was `` highly likely '' the international criminal court would seek the arrest of Assad for his role in the crackdown on protesters .
Britain has demanded the end to the use of violence but has not called for him to step down .
Meanwhile the US condemned Syria 's role in the breaching of the Israeli border by protesters on Nakba Day , and the EU and US this week will consider further moves , including sanctions on Assad , the Palestnians ' name for the anniversary of the founding of Israel .
Thousands of protesters marched through the town of Saqba close to Damascus on Monday night for the funeral of Ahmed Ataya who died from wounds sustained at a protest last month , while at least 15 tanks were deployed around Arida , near the border town of Tel Kelak .
Activists said at least seven civilians were killed in Tel Kelak on Sunday when troops shelled the town , and one was killed on Monday , raising the death toll since troops entered on Saturday to 12 . Syrian officials say five soldiers were killed by armed gangs in the town .
Veteran dissidents who have met government officials say that officials acknowledge the protests in private .
But in public , authorities have blamed most of the violence on armed groups backed by extremists and foreign powers .
`` Syria 's leaders talk about a war against terrorists , but what we see on the ground is a war against ordinary Syrians , '' Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director of Human Rights Watch , said in a statement on Sunday .
Nidaa Hassan is a pseudonym for a journalist in Syria
Polish F-16 fighter from the 2nd Tactical Fighter Wing probably collided in the air , with a small UAV , as “ Głos Wielkopolski ” reports . The damage that could have been a result of collision was detected on 15th September .
On 15th September , as Głos Wielkopolski suggests , a Polish F-16 fighter probably collided with an unmanned aerial vehicle . Lt. Col. Marek Pietrzak of the Polish General Command of the Armed Forces , told Defence24.pl that on 15th September , during a routine walk-around , some dents were noted on the surface of the airframe of one of the F-16 fighters . On the same day , a commission began works , the aim of which is to clarify the circumstances of the incidents . The commission includes the representatives of the 2nd Tactical Fighter Wing and the 31st Tactical Aviation Base .
Lt. Col. Pietrzak noted that , at the moment , it is too early to asses the possible causes , and that until the commission 's works are completed , no related information is going to be released to the public . Pietrzak noted that the damage ( similar to a damage occurring after a birdstrike ) was noted after the landing .
Throughout the flight , the pilot received no information about the collision from the on-board systems , the event had no other impact on the operation of the airplane , thus it has been classified as an incident .
On 21st September , the 2nd Tactical Aviation Wing issued a release reminding the users of the unmanned aerial vehicles and models , with a mass of 25 kg , that there is an absolute need of obtaining an authorization , in order to carry out operation in the military air-traffic zones . Content and date of the announcement are a proof , that drone collision is considered to be one of the causes of the incident .
Threat for the manned aircraft ( both civilian , and military ) emerged in the Polish public sphere for the first time , following the incident from 21st July , when a small UAV flew close to a Lufthansa airliner , creating a potentially dangerous situation . The drones may be involved in accidents or may be used to cause an air crash on purpose ( e.g . by the terrorist organizations ) .
Acting against operations of small UAV 's is quite difficult , since there is a need of detecting and classifying the potential threats in advance . The industry however already undertook relevant works , the aim of which is to develop proper systems that would operate within the above-mentioned scope .
The Samsung SPH-L700 . It may sound like a silly combination of letters and numbers , but it just so happens to be the model number for Sprint 's version of the Galaxy Nexus -- and it 's officially made it through the prying eye of the FCC , still on track for a launch in the first half of 2012 . It sports LTE band 25 , which is the 1900MHz flavor Sprint has chosen to use when it launches its take on the next-gen network in the near future . The latest variant of the Nexus also keeps in line with the measurements on its Verizon counterpart and offers support for 850 / 1900 CDMA , Bluetooth and NFC . It does n't offer up many more secrets , but how often do FCC docs slip up and spill all the beans ? With the government 's approval in the rear view mirror , we 're hoping this means we 'll be seeing the real deal quite soon .
File photo : AFP
The Trump administration on Thursday ordered the closure of Russia 's consulate in San Francisco and two other facilities , which is a clear move of retaliation.In July , Russia had ordered the US to remove 775 people from its diplomatic facilities in Russia . The game of sanctions and retaliations between Russia and the US has continued , despite the change in US president . However , they have also maintained such exchanges to a manageable level.The latest move by the White House also shows that it wants to clear itself from previous accusations of collusion with Russia . US media have enthusiastically speculated on Russia interfering with US election s , defaming Hillary Clinton to give Trump a boost . Trump in return said Democrats had conspired with Russians , and this time proved he is tough on Russia.However , the rift between Russia and the US has not become wider , neither will it be closer . They are just moving on their respective tracks . Russia had attempted many times to fit itself on the same track as the West , but in vain . The situation since the end of the Cold War once again proved that Russia could only move on its own route , as it is excluded by the Western model.There are religious factors for the West 's rejection of Russia , and the sheer size of Russia and its deep-seated culture inevitably create fear in the West of being changed by it rather than changing it . The US refuses to give Russia the dignity in its conception of Europe and the world , while Russia also wo n't become a follower of the West . The West could only homogenize Russia if the country is split , and Russia may be able to `` incorporate '' countries on the fringe if the West becomes incompact.The abundant supply of commodities in Russia 's shops demonstrates the futility of sanctions . For an expansive country that is not completely incorporated in the global industrial chain , sanctions seem no more than a political stance.Some US media have tried to create the impression that Russia caused the problems in the US . However , the truth is the political decline and split in public opinion in the US makes Russia look stronger.Another truth is that Western civilization has not found a way to coexist with other cultures . However , the rift between the US and Russia can no longer attract much attention . As US influence declines , their rift has been reduced to merely one of the problems in a multi-polar world . Even some European countries no longer keep exactly in step with the US.China and other emerging countries have changed the world 's power structure , which is no longer dominated by only two powers . The new global structure hampers the US-Russia rift and serves as a stabilizer .
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Africa 's richest man , Aliko Dangote , has said he still wants to buy Arsenal despite failing in a 2010 bid to acquire a stake in the club .
The Nigerian billionaire is now worth nearly eight times as much as when he tried to buy into the Gunners , and the passionate Gooners has not given up on his dream of getting involved with the north London club .
“ I still hope , one day at the right price , that I 'll buy the team , ” Dangote , 58 , told Bloomberg .
WHO IS DANGOTE ? All you need to know
Who is potential Arsenal buyer Aliko Dangote ?
“ I might buy it , not at a ridiculous price but a price that the owners wo n't want to resist , '' he continued , before ominously adding , `` I know my strategy .
Interestingly , Dangote has publically stated that Arsene Wenger “ needs to change his style a bit , ” claiming the team `` need new direction . ”
Dangote - valued at over US $ 15billion - is worth more than
( Image : Getty )
, who have been fighting for control at the Emirates in recent years .
But his bid to take over the club wo n't be coming immediately , with the cement and commodities tycoon wanting to get his portfolio of businesses in order first .
“ We have $ 16 billion-worth of investments in the next few years , ” he said . “ Right now I want to take my own business to a certain level . Once I finish on that trajectory , then maybe [ an offer will follow . ] ''
Majority owner Kroenke
and is not believed to have any interest in selling the club .
In pictures - Arsenal beat Hull 3-1 :
Image caption The force had already approved plans to share two helicopters with Surrey and Sussex The force had already approved plans to share two helicopters with Surrey and Sussex Cutting England 's police forces
Hampshire Constabulary plans to axe 1,400 posts - 20 % of its workforce - including police officers .
Forces are facing government cuts of 25 % , with Hampshire reducing its budget by £70m ( 25 % ) over the next four years .
The job losses will see redundancies , positions left unfilled , redeployments and voluntary redundancies .
Unions are to discuss the plans , which will go before the police authority . Southampton MP Alan Whitehead said the government was `` letting people down '' .
The force , which employs about 6,700 staff , also plans to share and sell buildings and increase collaboration with other forces , especially Thames Valley .
'Hands tied '
It had already approved plans to scrap its spotter plane and instead share two helicopters with the Sussex and Surrey forces .
While plans for a new headquarters were put on hold amid the government cuts .
We have been saying that the dark days of policing will come and I am afraid that they have arrived John Apter , Hampshire Police Federation chairman
Hampshire Police Federation admitted Chief Constable Alex Marshall was trying to provide a service with his `` hands tied behind his back '' .
Mr Marshall said : `` I know all our staff join the constabulary to do the best job they can and that the changes ahead will be difficult for everyone .
`` This uncertainty is unsettling and there is a human story and personal consequence every time someone leaves . ''
No details have been released on the specific number of officers , police community support officers ( PCSOs ) and staff who face the axe .
Steve Mote , divisional manager for Victim Support Hampshire and the Isle of Wight , said : `` At the end of the day , crime is still going to happen and they are still going to be responding to it .
`` Police will have to consider how to be smarter and how they can do the best with their resources .
`` Our reassurance to victims would be , 'we 're still going to be here ' , and anyone can contact us even if they 're not referred to us by the police . ''
'Dark days '
The plan would see the force restructured with locally-based PCSOs , police officers , special constables and police staff working to a local policing area based around council boundaries .
John Apter , chairman of Hampshire Police Federation , said the workforce had `` known for several weeks things look very bleak for the future '' .
`` We have been saying that the dark days of policing will come and I am afraid that they have arrived , '' he said .
Image caption Chief Constable Alex Marshall admitted it was an unsettling time
`` These cuts will have a massive impact on policing , especially on visibility . ''
Mr Whitehead , Labour MP for Southampton Test , said : `` Bobbies on the beat make us all feel safer in our homes and communities .
`` These cuts are just another example of how the Tory-Lib Dem government is letting people down . ''
Donna Jones , who represents the Conservatives on Portsmouth City Council , blamed the previous government 's `` financial mismanagement '' for the scale of the cuts .
She added : `` It is always very sad when any public service is cut , however I believe the chief constable has given it much consideration .
`` We ca n't forget why we are in this position in the first place , because of the financial mismanagement of the previous Labour government which left us such a huge deficit to tackle .
`` I do not have a concern crime will rise significantly as I understand the focus will still be on the frontline . ''
When the firefighter refused to immediately move the truck , saying he needed to confer with his captain , the CHP officer handcuffed the firefighter and put him in the back of a patrol car , where he remained for about 30 minutes . No arrest was made .
The incident was caught on film and shown on local television .
On Wednesday , Chula Vista Fire Chief Dave Hanneman and CHP Chief Jim Abele met to discuss the incident . After the meeting , neither side admitted fault , but the two issued a joint statement expressing `` utmost respect for each other and our respective missions . ''
They went on to call it `` an isolated incident '' that would be the topic of future joint training sessions , `` in an ongoing effort to work more efficiently together . ''
Before the joint statement was issued , the Chula Vista fire chief issued an individual statement saying , `` I am very proud of how Engineer Jacob Gregoire and the other firefighters on the scene handled the situation . ''
tony.perry @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ LATsandiego
NORTHAMPTON -- Police were called to Florence Monday after a Ludlow couple 's casual afternoon at the Mill River turned steamy .
Northampton officers responded to Riverside Drive near Norwood Avenue at around 8 p.m. after receiving reports of a naked man and woman having sex on top of a white sedan .
Police caught them in the act , according to court documents .
At the sight of the police cruiser , the 32-year-old man pulled up his pants and 36-year-old woman went inside the car , reports said . The sedan was parked outside a row of homes about 15 feet from the roadway .
`` They could be seen very easily from the roadway as you passed by , '' Officer Thomas Briotta wrote in a police report . `` Both parties made no efforts to conceal their behavior from the public . ''
At first , the man told police he was changing when they arrived . But then he quickly changed his story , stating that he and his girlfriend `` were doing something that they should not have been doing , '' court documents said .
The man went on to say that he and his girlfriend had been hanging out at the river with their three dogs , and that they had been drinking and smoking marijuana throughout the afternoon , police said .
`` Things became heated and they were hot for each other , '' an officer wrote in a report , quoting the suspects . The couple said that they have been trying to conceive a baby .
The man and woman pleaded guilty in Northampton District Court Tuesday to disorderly conduct . and were each fined $ 100 , court documents show .
Typhoon WUTIP Warning Text ( JTWC )
WTPN31 PGTW 270300 MSGID/GENADMIN/JOINT TYPHOON WRNCEN PEARL HARBOR HI// SUBJ/TYPHOON 02W ( WUTIP ) WARNING NR 032// RMKS/ 1 . TYPHOON 02W ( WUTIP ) WARNING NR 032 01 ACTIVE TROPICAL CYCLONE IN NORTHWESTPAC MAX SUSTAINED WINDS BASED ON ONE-MINUTE AVERAGE WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY -- - WARNING POSITION : 270000Z -- - NEAR 15.7N 140.1E MOVEMENT PAST SIX HOURS - 360 DEGREES AT 02 KTS POSITION ACCURATE TO WITHIN 010 NM POSITION BASED ON EYE FIXED BY SATELLITE PRESENT WIND DISTRIBUTION : MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 090 KT , GUSTS 110 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS - 025 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 025 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 015 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 020 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS - 050 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 045 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 035 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 040 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS - 100 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 095 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 075 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 085 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT REPEAT POSIT : 15.7N 140.1E -- - FORECASTS : 12 HRS , VALID AT : 271200Z -- - 15.9N 139.0E MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 075 KT , GUSTS 090 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS - 010 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 000 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 000 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 000 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS - 030 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 010 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 010 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 010 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS - 110 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 090 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 050 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 080 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT VECTOR TO 24 HR POSIT : 280 DEG/ 11 KTS -- - 24 HRS , VALID AT : 280000Z -- - 16.3N 136.7E MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 055 KT , GUSTS 070 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS - 040 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 030 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 010 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 030 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS - 090 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 050 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 020 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 060 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT VECTOR TO 36 HR POSIT : 300 DEG/ 09 KTS -- - 36 HRS , VALID AT : 281200Z -- - 17.1N 135.1E MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 040 KT , GUSTS 050 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS - 050 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT 010 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT 000 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT 020 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT VECTOR TO 48 HR POSIT : 305 DEG/ 08 KTS -- - EXTENDED OUTLOOK : 48 HRS , VALID AT : 010000Z -- - 18.0N 133.8E MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 030 KT , GUSTS 040 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY DISSIPATING AS A SIGNIFICANT TROPICAL CYCLONE OVER WATER VECTOR TO 72 HR POSIT : 320 DEG/ 04 KTS -- - 72 HRS , VALID AT : 020000Z -- - 19.3N 132.6E MAX SUSTAINED WINDS - 020 KT , GUSTS 030 KT WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY DISSIPATED AS A SIGNIFICANT TROPICAL CYCLONE OVER WATER -- - REMARKS : 270300Z POSITION NEAR 15.7N 139.8E . TYPHOON 02W ( WUTIP ) , LOCATED APPROXIMATELY 303 NM WEST-NORTHWEST OF ANDERSEN AFB , GUAM , HAS TRACKED NORTHWARD AT 02 KNOTS OVER THE PAST SIX HOURS . MAXIMUM SIGNIFICANT WAVE HEIGHT AT 270000Z IS 34 FEET . NEXT WARNINGS AT 270900Z , 271500Z , 272100Z AND 280300Z.// NNNN Typhoon WUTIP Prognostic Reasoning ( JTWC )
CTV Vancouver
A man is recovering at a Prince George hospital after being attacked by a black bear – and then hit with a stray bullet - while on a hunting trip .
The attack occurred around 100 km east of Prince George just before midnight on Thursday . A black bear wandered into the camp , entering an open tent door and attacking a man asleep by the doorway , according to BC Conservation officers .
Members of the man 's hunting group shot and killed the bear , but the victim was also hit by a ricochet bullet .
The extent of the man 's injuries is not immediately clear , and his identity has not yet been released .
Officers say there was no reason for the bear to have gone into the camp , noting it was 350 pounds , and in excellent health .
Both RCMP and BC Conservation officers responded to the attack .
An investigation is ongoing .
Flames lit up the predawn sky in north Fulton County Friday as a large fire destroyed a medical office building in Alpharetta .
No injuries were reported in the blaze , which broke out in the Coventry Professional Building in the 12000 block of Crabapple Road near Arnold Mill Road . The two-story , brick building houses several medical and dental offices , including the Roswell Pediatric Center .
“ We really ca n't tell what all businesses were in there , because they are simply gone , ” said George Gordon , spokesman for the Alpharetta Department of Public Safety .
A witness called 911 about 3:30 a.m. , reporting that flames were coming from the building , he said .
“ The city of Milton had the nearest fire station , so they responded very quickly and immediately realized they had a significant large structure fire , ” Gordon told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . “ At that point , they requested additional alarms be sounded . ”
The Alpharetta Fire Department “ responded en masse shortly thereafter , ” he said . A total of 25 firefighters from Milton and Alpharetta worked in tandem to put out the blaze .
“ The key here were the cities of Milton and Alpharetta have erased jurisdictional boundaries , ” Gordon said .
Flames that had leaped as high as 50 to 100 feet into the night air had been knocked down by 5 a.m. , as firefighters continued to pour water on the building , which sits just behind the landmark red and tan silos in the Crabapple community .
“ We have a roof collapse , ” he said . “ They are shoring up the four walls to make sure they are structurally sound , and are putting out hot spots throughout the building before the fire marshals can get in to begin their investigation . ”
Laurie Viebrock is the practice administrator at Roswell Pediatric Center . She had high praise for firefighters who were able to salvage vaccines from the blaze .
“ We had a couple of refrigerators full of childhood vaccines that the firemen went in and retrieved for us and put the refrigerators on generators to keep temperatures stable , ” Viebrock said , calling the extra effort by firefighters “ very important . ”
“ Pediatrics is keeping kids healthy , and vaccines are a part of it , ” she said . “ It was really nice to be able to get them and transfer them to other offices . ”
The pediatric center , which has two other area offices , keeps its records electronically , according to Viebrock .
“ If we did n't have an electronic health record system , you 'd have probably 30,000 patient records in there to try and figure out , ” she said . “ So yeah , I 'm a big believer at this moment in electronic health records . ”
She said other staff members were already working Friday morning to contact patients and “ let people know what 's happened and get them seen at one of the other offices . ”
“ It does n't look like this building is going to be salvageable at all , ” Viebrock said . “ People have worked here for 10 , 15 , 20 years , and it 's a home , so it 's sad . It 's very sad . ”
This week , I 'd like to deviate a bit from my normal posts about destinations . Instead , I 'll tell you about how you can make custom screens to put over your vehicle windows to keep the bugs out . This is especially important if you 're sleeping inside your vehicle…I can tell you from personal experience that it 's no fun to wake up at 2am with a mosquito buzzing into your ear ! The good thing about these bug screens is that they are n't expensive . I believe I paid less than $ 20 for all the materials needed to make 7 screens to go over the windows of the van we drive on cross-country treks . And , the screens work . At least , they work if you consider the number of bugs crawling on the outside of the van screens and the number that were n't in the vehicle with me !
First , the supplies you 'll need :
Screening
( I used petticoat fabric from Joanne 's ( it 's stiffer ) , but tulle would work just as well )
Magnets
( several per screen—I 'll explain later )
Thread to match screening
Second , the equipment/skills you 'll need :
Yardstick or tape measure ( a flexible tape measure and ruler is useful , too )
Marking pen or chalk ( optional )
Scissors
Needle
Basic sewing skills—it 's not rocket science , since you 'll be hand stitching ( no sewing machine required ) . If you 're not good at sewing , keep reading , because anyone who can thread a needle ( even with a needle threader ) should be able to do this . Seriously , this could be done with one of those little sewing kits that are given away and have only some thread , a button , and a needle in it .
Step 1 : Measuring your windows
The first thing you 'll need to do is to measure your windows and figure out what type of screen you 'll need to make . Regular windows , such as those on a jeep or car , are easy . Simply measure the distance from one side of the window to the other in both directions , as shown below .
For other types of windows , the measurements can get a bit more tricky . For front windows , you 'll need to figure out how to avoid the mirrors . For the front windows of the van , I had the extra complication of quite a bit of plastic . Since I used magnets to hold up the screens , I had to figure out a way to attach the screens around the plastic parts . I 'll show you how I measured around the mirrors , plastic parts , etc. , below .
Because I was making screens for a van , I had another complication : most of the windows flip outwards . I decided to use a large enough piece of screening to go around the flipped out window , but this leaves gaps around the edges of the screening…not good at all ! I finally solved this by giving a couple twists to one of the magnets…I 'll show you later . For now , measure the length of screening you 'll need to go from one end of the open window to the other , so that the screen touches the metal of the vehicle ( see below ) .
To cut down on the number of magnets I needed , I opted to make some of the screens larger and then slam them in the barn doors of the van . If you want to do this , you 'll need to measure as shown in the next picture :
Update – after using this system for a couple years , I 'd 100 % not “ cut down on the magnets ” ; I 'd use the first illustrated method for flip windows . The barn door method is a total pain to use , not to mention likely to rip the screening .
Step 2 : Buying the screening
Now you 'll need to figure out how much screening you 'll need . First , figure out the dimensions of each screen . Give yourself an inch more on each side than you 'll need to cover the window—in other words , measure to the edges of where you 're going to put the magnets and then add an inch beyond that on each side of the screen , as shown above . If you 've got flip-out windows , remember that you 'll need to go all the way underneath the open window . If you 're not sure how all this works , try it out with an old sheet and get your dimensions from that .
Now that you 've figured out the dimensions of the finished screens , you need to convert this into how much screening to purchase . Most fabric comes in 45 ” ( 1.1 m ) or 54 ” ( 1.4 m ) widths . Sometimes you can fit two screens next to each other , cutting down on the amount of screening you 'll need to buy . For example , let 's say I 'm getting 54 ” ( 1.4 m ) netting and I need to make two screens that are 20 ” x25 ” . I can place these two next to each other ( see “ a ” below ) and therefore only need to buy 20 ” of netting . However , if I wanted to enlarge these screens and make them 30 ” x32 ” , I ca n't place them next to each other ( b ) , so I 'll need to get at least 60 ” of netting ( c ) .
After you 've figured out how many inches of screening you 'll need , divide this number by 12 to get feet , then divide by 3 to get yards…the fabric store people will appreciate your measurement in yards instead of inches J . ( Metric : measure in centimeters , then divide by 100 to get meters ) . You can ask for quarter yards , half yards , or three-quarter yards , so if you 're right on the edge , get a quarter yard extra . Do n't worry if you have a few scraps left over ; you 'll need these later .
Step 3 : Magnets
Before you go to the store , you 'll need to figure out how many magnets you need . You will need one for each of the four corners of the window , and at least one on each side of the screen . More will be needed for odd-shaped windows . The diagram below shows how many magnets I used on each of my screens . The point is to make sure the edges are covered enough so that there are no holes where bugs could crawl in—no more than 6-8 inches ( 15-20 cm ) or so between magnets on normal-shaped windows .
Your shopping list should now contain :
1 . How many yards of screening you need
2 . How many magnets you need
You 'll also need to buy ( unless you already have them ) :
3 . Thread that matches your screening
4 . Needles
Step 4 : Buying the supplies for the bug screens
You can buy your supplies at a local craft/fabric store , or you can purchase the materials online at Amazon.com ( I bought them at Joanne 's and Michaels ) :
AWS.InvalidParameterValue : B01E7QEKZS is not a valid value for ItemId . Please change this value and retry your request .
If you want to purchase locally , go to your local craft/fabric store and find some screening , netting , tulle , or other very lightweight material that has holes small enough that the bugs ca n't get through . You do n't want the holes too small , though , since small holes wo n't let air through and can make the inside of the vehicle stuffy . Joanne 's , Michael 's , and Hobby Lobby all have great selections , but they do vary in what they carry . If you ca n't find what you want in one store , try another craft store . I could only find small packages of magnets at Joanne 's , but I found a large package at Michael 's that proved to be much less expensive . On the topic of magnets , do n't go for the absolute cheapest ones—these are nearly useless for craft projects , and totally useless for what you want to do , because they do n't have enough power to hold up anything . I used the round , extra strong magnets ( ProMAG Flexible Magnets from Michaels—do n't ask me , they are n't flexible at all ) . See if you can try them out on metal store shelves before you purchase them , if you can . Also purchase thread to match the screening and needles , if you need them .
This post is getting long , so I 'll tell you about actually making the screens next week . Go to Part 2 here .
‘ Art of the Deal ' Healthcare Bill Failure a Way to Oust Paul Ryan and Achieve Full Repeal of Obamacare ?
Today , President Trump pulled the healthcare bill after it fell short of the votes needed to pass . The highly unpopular ‘ Ryancare ' replacement of Obamacare left the Republicans divided .
Did Trump give Paul Ryan just enough rope to hang himself ? It is no secret that Paul Ryan has contempt for President Trump and is working to sabotage him . This may Trump 's plan to have Paul Ryan ousted and replaced .
It is a mixed bag of emotions today after the Obamacare repeal failed to pass . The replacement , dubbed ‘ Ryancare ' was highly unpopular and often referred to as ‘ Obamacare 2.0 ' . Of course we want Obamacare repealed , however ; we do n't want another big government solution to replace it . Today 's ‘ failure ' may have paved the path to a conservative solution .
Many people are now speculating why Donald Trump seemed to support this unpopular solution . It did fall on Paul Ryan 's shoulders as he gave a press conference afterwards looking very defeated . Calls for his resignation are getting louder and louder .
President Trump knows that with Paul Ryan as House Speaker , he wo n't be able to accomplish any of his goals . He knows that Paul Ryan is working against him at every turn . This may have been the perfect set up to have Paul Ryan replaced .
Breitbart also reported on an author who predicted this ..
Exactly two weeks ago , this author predicted the defeat of the American Health Care Act – and explained it was a step towards the final , actual deal that will repeal and replace Obamacare . President Donald Trump faces three irreconcilable factions : the GOP establishment , conservatives , and Democrats . He must bring them together — to “ deliver the goods , ” a key rule in The Art of the Deal . But first he must show them “ the downside ” — and convince them they will fail on their own . So he let them make the first move — and he exposed two things about them : first , that they had not come up with a plan that was ready for prime time ; second , that they had not done any of the political legwork necessary to sell their plan to voters . Trump gave Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership enough rope to hang themselves . Instead of dictating terms to him , they will now depend on him to save them , politically . They must accept whatever plan he will put forward . But Trump will not make the next move . He will let the conservatives move first . They are the big winners in the first round — much more so than the Democrats , who are enjoying the spectacle of Republican dysfunction but have no role to play yet . The conservatives will proceed with their demand for a full repeal of Obamacare . And then they will face the ire of voters who are deeply unhappy with Obamacare but upset about losing the paltry , expensive health insurance they currently have . That , too , will strengthen Trump , and convince conservatives they need his leadership .
When other people wrong you , go after those people because it 's a good feeling and other people are watching . pic.twitter.com/ebhxcXpYMx — Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 ( @ Cernovich ) March 24 , 2017
“ The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. ” – The Art of The Deal . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 25 , 2013
Picking up on Tinkering with the Guardian Platform API – Tag Signals , here 's a variant of the same thing using the New York Times Article Search API .
As with the Guardian OpenPlatform demo , the idea is to look up recent articles containing a particular search term , find the tag ( s ) used to describe the articles , and then graph them . The idea behind this approach is to get a quick snapshot of how the search target is represented , or positioned , in this case , by the New York Times .
Here is the code . The main differences compared to the Guardian API gist are as follows :
– a hacked recipe for getting several paged results back ; I really need to sort this out properly , just as I need to generalise the code so it will work with either the Guardian or the NYT API , but that 's for another day now…
– the use of NetworkX as a way of representing the undirected tag-tag graph ;
– the use of the NetworkX D3 helper library ( networkx-d3 ) to generate a JSON output file that works with the d3.js force directed layout library .
Note that the D3 Python library generates a vanilla force directed layout diagram . In the end , I just grabbed the tiny bit of code that loads the JSON data into a D3 network , and then used it along with the code behind the rather more beautiful network layout used for this Mobile Patent Suits visualisation .
Here 's a snapshot of the result of a search for recent articles on the phrase Gates Foundation :
At this point , it 's probably worth pointing out that the Python script generates the graph file , and then the d3.js library generates the graph visualisation within a web browser . There is no human hand ( other than force layout parameter setting ) involved in the layout . I guess with the tweaking of a few parameters , maybe juggling the force layout parameters a little more , I could get an even clearer layout . It might also be worth trying to find a way of sizing , or at least colouring , the nodes according to degree ( or even better , weighted degree ? ) I also need to find a way , of possible , of representing the weight of edges if the D3 Python library actually exports this ( or if it exports multiple edges between the same two nodes ) .
Anyway , for an hour or so 's tinkering , it 's quite a neat little recipe to be able to add to my toolkit . Here 's how it works again : Python script calls NYT Article Search API and grabs articles based on a search term . Grab the tags used to describe each article and build up a graph using NetworkX that connects any and all tags that are mentioned on the same article . Dump the graph from its NetworkX representation as a JSON file using the D3 library , then use the D3 Patent Suits layout recipe to render it in the browser : - )
Now all I have to do is find out how I can grab an SVG dump of the network from a browser into a shareable file…
Rate this : Share this : Tweet
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
CLEVELAND , Ohio - Twenty-six years after Forest City Enterprises turned a transit hub into a high-end shopping mall , the company has sold the ailing Avenue at Tower City Center to a relatively new mega-player in downtown Cleveland real estate .
Companies tied to Michigan billionaire Dan Gilbert , the founder of Quicken Loans and majority owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers , bought the mall at Tower City and the parking underneath it Tuesday . The purchase price was $ 56.5 million , according to a Wednesday morning news release .
The sale could bring some clarity about the future of the 366,000-square-foot shopping center , originally lined with lofty tenants and now home to a motley mix of local shops , blank storefronts and the rare national retailer .
And the transaction marks the end of a long dance between Cleveland-based Forest City , now called Forest City Realty Trust , and Gilbert 's Bedrock Real Estate Services . The parties came close to concluding their deal a handful of times over the last six months but , for one reason or another , stalled out just short of the finish line .
`` We are early in the planning stages of a unique , new design for this centrally located , landmark piece of real estate , '' Jim Ketai , chief executive officer and managing parter at Bedrock , said in a news release . `` Our vision for both this exciting property and the Ritz-Carlton hotel will be announced in detail in the coming months . ''
The Plain Dealer reported in September that a buyer - whose identity was cloaked by shell companies - had emerged for the Avenue and its associated parking .
At the time , Gilbert seemed like a logical suitor . Through various companies , he already owned large chunks of Tower City .
Since 2011 , Rock affiliates have acquired the Higbee Building , home to a Gilbert-owned casino on Public Square ; the Ritz-Carlton on West Third Street ; and the 250 Huron offices space tucked beneath the Ritz .
The mall , at the heart of Tower City , provides a physical link between the casino and the Ritz . But the mall is n't on the short list of downtown Cleveland properties where gaming is allowed , under a state constitutional amendment that voters approved in 2009 . A spokeswoman for the Ohio Casino Control Commission confirmed this week that Gilbert can not extend gambling from the lower floors of the Higbee Building into the mall .
In the past , though , the casino group and executives at Forest City have talked about cutting through the mall - possibility through the movie theaters or food court - to connect the Higbee Building to a 16-acre riverfront site that Gilbert bought from Forest City in 2011 .
That land , paved and covered with parking spaces , was one of the gaming sites written into the state constitution . A few years ago , the land was earmarked as a construction pad for a larger , built-from-scratch casino . But executives at Jack Entertainment , Gilbert 's recently renamed gaming group , say there is n't enough demand to support another casino project .
They 've shifted to looking at the property as a mixed-use development site .
`` Over the past decade or so , we have continued to increase our investments and commitment to the long-term future of downtown Cleveland , '' Gilbert said in a news release . `` This latest acquisition is strategically connected to our other significant Cleveland investments . ... The Avenue shops provide us with a unique opportunity to build upon the connectivity to our other downtown investments and create a one-of-a-kind urban shopping , dining and entertainment destination that will make all Clevelanders proud . ''
Since 2011 , Forest City has continued to operate the parking lots behind Tower City and to collect the revenues . As part of Tuesday 's transactions , the company sold those contractual parking rights to Gilbert , as well .
Now Forest City , which fashioned the three-level mall out of the Depression-era Cleveland Union Terminal and bookended it with new buildings in the early 1990s , owns just two pieces of the sprawling Tower City Center complex .
One is Terminal Tower , the iconic office building where Forest City has its headquarters . The other is Post Office Plaza , where recent and possible departures of office tenants have complicated Forest City 's sale efforts . Forest City also held onto parking beneath Terminal Tower and kept a small sliver of parking near the Renaissance Cleveland Hotel .
The publicly traded company still owns other Northeast Ohio real estate , including suburban apartment buildings and much of Scranton Peninsula , a large - and largely barren - former industrial site in the Flats just outside of downtown .
Founded in Cleveland nearly a century ago , Forest City now focuses on major cities such as New York , San Francisco , Boston , Dallas , Los Angeles , Denver and Washington , D.C. Over the last few years , in the run-up to its recent conversion into a real estate investment trust , Forest City sped up its efforts to unload buildings and investments that did n't fit its pared-back profile .
Gilbert , meanwhile , has built a substantial Rust Belt portfolio . Affiliates of Bedrock , his real estate business , own or control more than 90 properties in downtown Detroit .
In Cleveland , he 's grabbed the centerpiece of a downtown undergoing an identity shift . Residents have filled long-empty downtown office buildings , transformed into apartments . And Public Square , at Tower City 's front door , is being remade as a much greener , more unified park .
The question is whether timing , and the nationwide resurgence of cities , will give Gilbert and his partners a better chance of success where Forest City struggled .
The Avenue opened in 1990 with a tenant lineup that included Barneys New York , Fendi , Gucci , Versace and other high-profile names .
Today , Brooks Brothers is the only original retailer left . At the food court , McDonald 's recently closed . The anchor tenants are Cleveland Cinemas , where the Cleveland International Film Festival will kick off next week ; the Hard Rock Cafe ; and Morton 's the Steakhouse .
`` We 're pleased to complete this disposition as we continue to focus our portfolio on core products and markets and use proceeds to further reduce debt , '' David LaRue , Forest City 's president and chief executive , said in a written statement . `` Tower City Center was one of Forest City 's first major urban , mixed-use redevelopment projects and still stands today as an example of the power of transformational real estate to improve and energize the urban environment . ''
1 . We know beer - you do n't .
I do n't know who labeled your dishwater “ beer ” , but it 's misleading . When you order a beer in Germany - do n't expect it to be ice cold . And yes , the foam is intended to be there .
2 . The Autobahn
This much is true : On the autobahn no speed limit sign actually means no speed limit .
3 . Soccer is not for chicks . Well , not only .
In Germany most women do n't care about soccer . Men do . Combine the American fondness for football , basketball and baseball , and you have an idea what soccer means to us .
4 . When you want to see people wearing “ Lederhosen ” - go to Bavaria .
Bavaria is the German Texas . People speak in a funny way , wear strange things and the rest of the country makes fun of them . The Bavarian “ Lederhosen ” are like the Texan cowboy hats .
5 . Sundays are for relaxation , not for shopping . The same goes for holidays - and we 've got lots of them .
Yes , Germans like rules and this is one most foreigners do n't understand . Shopping of all kind is done weekdays from 8 am to 9 pm ( every shop has different times , but most open in this timeframe ) . The only exception : Gas stations . That 's why some of them look like small grocery stores .
6 . Do n't expect us to smile . We 're not at Wal-Mart .
In the 90s Wal-Mart spent billions to become a big shot in Germany 's retail market . Greeting customers , smiling , being friendly , suppressing unions - the whole package . In 2006 they sold their stores and left . We 're not big at smiling for no reason .
7 . Do n't speak German ? Try English .
Most Germans , age 40 and below , speak English . Maybe their English is not perfect , but you should get by . Oh , and should you feel the urge to laugh about their accent - Try to speak German . We like a good laugh now and then , too .
8 . When you hear “ Volksmusik ” - RUN !
It 's like an endless polka of hell . Although I do n't have scientific proof , I am sure that Volksmusik can melt your brain .
9 . Yes , we have a public transportation system .
With the exception of tiny villages you can go nearly everywhere without a car . If you do n't understand why this is important to us , fill up your gas tank at a German gas station and look at your bill . And we tend to be environmentalists .
10 . You do n't like to see two men kissing ? Look the other way ( And do n't go to Cologne ) .
Like I said in another post - unless we want to be involved , we do n't care about other people 's sexuality . Oh , and Cologne is like the gay capital of Germany .
11 . I do n't care what you have heard about European liberality when it comes to sex and drugs - This is not Holland !
No coffee shops , no legal drug supply . When it comes to drugs , Germany is not much different from the US .
12 . If you do n't want to see nipples , do n't turn on the tv .
I 'm serious . Especially the program of the private stations at night can be a series of phone sex commercials .
13 . It 's not pessimism when you know that everything is bad .
One day god told the people : “ The world is going to end. ” The Germans were pissed and went home . Then he continued : “ It will take a couple of billion years. ” The Americans were happy . Okay , I ca n't proof it , but I guess that 's how it happened .
14 . Should you travel with kids age 16 or older : Watch them .
They are legally allowed to drink beer and wine . No hard liquor , though .
15 . No math needed . Our stated prices include taxes .
I never understood why you put price tags on products , that do n't state what you have to pay .
16 . Do n't wait to be seated .
Look , there is an empty nice table . Have a seat . Easy concept .
17 . Tips are nice , but not mandatory .
In Germany a waiter 's salary is enough to get by . It 's not much , but makes a tip not mandatory . In Germany it is a pure sign of gratitude for a good service .
18 . We use 220/230 V instead of 110 V. Buy an adapter .
Seriously , you would n't believe how many tourists come here unprepared .
19 . The nazi-times are long gone .
But that does n't mean that there are not some leftovers . If someone looks like a Skinhead , shouts like a skinhead and smells like a skinhead - trust your judgement and try to avoid him . Especially in Eastern Germany .
20 . Do n't believe everything you read on the web . Not even this list .
It 's a generalization . Most people you meet in a German city are not that much different than the ones at home . We can be friendly and funny and very hospitably .
Popularity : 100 % [ ? ]
Morning ! Had a procedure to clean up my shoulder . S/O to all the kids out there on a hospital bed . # surgeryselfie pic.twitter.com/EJzSaXzqOX — Brett Keisel ( @ bkeisel99 ) February 10 , 2015
The Pittsburgh Steelers are a team transitioning from some of their vested veterans to young talent , but no one said the transition would be an easy one . Brett Keisel was signed to a two-year contract at the end of the preseason in 2014 , and was more than a contributor on the defensive side of the football , he was a playmaker . However , after a triceps injury landed him on IR , his future with the team is uncertain .
Tuesday Keisel posted the above photo on his verified Twitter account stating he had a procedure done to 'clean up ' his shoulder . Keisel has already had surgery to repair the torn triceps , and a shoulder surgery on top of that makes his return even more in question .
Keisel proved he could still play , but at what cost do the Steelers continue to put No . 99 on the field ? Keisel signed a very cap-friendly contract in 2014 and has previously stated he is rehabbing as if he is going to be playing for the Steelers in 2015 .
With the offseason just gearing up , Keisel seems to be taking all necessary measures to ensure he is ready to go if called upon for the 2015 NFL season .
TO JUDGE by the gleaming rows of Teslas , Nissan Leafs and other electric cars parked in the snow in central Oslo , Norwegians might already have given up on the internal combustion engine . Before long they probably will . Battery-powered cars and plug-in hybrids together accounted for 29 % of all new car sales last year . The 100,000th battery-powered unit sold in December .
Norway first introduced tax perks to boost the electric-car market in the 1990s . But sales only sparked in the past five years or so after slicker vehicles with better batteries appeared . Now the country 's 5m citizens constitute the most developed national market for electric cars anywhere . Christina Bu , who heads the country 's association for electric cars , expects 400,000 electric-only vehicles on the roads by 2020 , and predicts 70 % of new sales will be of zero-emission cars . As range increases and price falls , demand will rise faster .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Though less than 5 % of the total fleet of cars in Norway are electric , the country 's transport minister calls it “ realistic ” to expect an end to sales of new cars powered by fossil fuels by 2025 . Fiscal incentives , not an outright ban , will bring this about . Eye-popping purchase taxes typically double the cost of a high-emission car , but these and other levies are waived for clean ones . Drivers of zero-emission vehicles also skip costly road tolls , cross fjords by ferry for free , park without paying in cities and use bus lanes to whizz by other commuters .
The next step is to finish a part-built charging network . In Oslo seven in ten residents live in apartments and few can charge a car at home . Opportunities abound . Providers of fast-charging services such as Fortum , a Finnish power firm , are starting to sell electricity at a premium . Big stores , including IKEA , have installed recharging stations—for about NKr1m ( $ 120,000 ) each—so customers can top up while shopping . The government says charge points will exist every 50km on main roads , and is subsidising firms that build and run them .
Countries without Norwegians ' oil wealth will struggle to boost the market for electric vehicles similarly . Cheap electricity—Norway produces a surplus from hydropower—and expensive petrol and diesel skew running costs . Mr Solvik-Olsen guesses that last year alone his government missed out on as much as NKr3bn in tax because of the incentives . Most Norwegians , eager to do more to cut local pollution from traffic in cities , and short of other ways to lower carbon emissions , reckon this is money well spent . In other markets it will be crucial that even cheaper and better cars appear to create an appealing market .
GRANTSVILLE - A former Grantsville police officer is raising questions about whether a business owner in town is wielding too much influence on the mayor and police department .
Carl Peterson says that influence is putting officers who patrol the streets there at risk .
`` We 've kind of made a joke around the office that 'why do n't you give us a list of the people you do n't want us to mess with and then we 'll just save us some time , ' '' said Peterson .
A Routine Traffic Stop ?
Carl Peterson was fired from the Grantsville Police Department back in February because he says he picked the wrong guy in town to arrest .
`` It does n't matter if you 're doing your job or not with this Garrin Johnson , '' Peterson said .
Garrin Johnson is a longtime resident of Grantsville and owns a salvage and recycling business in town .
On February 21st , Peterson and Johnson crossed paths when Peterson pulled over a utility vehicle for a revoked registration and no insurance .
It does n't matter if you 're doing your job or not with this Garrin Johnson , –Carl Peterson , former Grantsville police officer
Police dashcam of the incident shows another vehicle pulling up alongside the stopped car .
Peterson says he told the driver , whom he says he later found out to be Garrin Johnson , repeatedly to leave the scene . Despite those warnings , the dashcam video shows Johnson pulling in front of the stopped vehicle , parking and getting out .
`` He says , ‘ You know who I am ? You know who I am ? ' Then , he starts playing with this coat . He puts his hand in his pocket and at that point I saw a black thing in his hand , '' Peterson said .
The grainy dashcam video does not show exactly what is in Johnson 's hand , though he told KSL it was a cell phone . Johnson also said he posed no threat to warrant Peterson pulling his police-issued handgun .
`` So , he come running at me . You can see that in the video with his weapon pointed at me , '' Garrin Johnson said . `` Of course I am a combat veteran , okay , it did n't intimidate me at all because I knew he was quite a spineless individual anyway . ''
Johnson believes the officer was way out of line and had no grounds to pull his weapon .
`` When I pulled my gun , he goes , ' I 'm going to take that gun from you , ' '' Peterson said .
`` I saidl , ' I should take that gun away from you , ' I did say that , '' Johnson said , confirming what Peterson told KSL . `` For him to treat me that way is ridiculous to handcuff me when I was n't a threat to him . ''
Peterson says he believed Johnson was a threat because of the at-first-glance unidentifiable object in his hand . He also says Johnson was belligerent and would not follow his command to leave the scene .
`` I got closer and noticed it was just a cell phone . So , I push him with my foot and holster my weapon . Push him again and kind of flip him around . He kept fighting with me . So , I pull out my Taser , '' Peterson said .
Carl Peterson , a former Grantsville police officer , is raising questions about whether or not Grantsville business owner Garrin Johnson has too much political influence in the city .
`` I said , ‘ You should call Chief Johnson this is out of your league . ' '' Johnson recalled telling Peterson , `` I say , ‘ You 're in trouble here . You better call Dan Johnson . ' ''
Dan Johnson was police chief of Grantsville at the time of the incident . In April , he retired from his post after he lost his police certification in an unrelated matter .
`` It 's okay for this guy to show up and do whatever he wants because all he has to do is call the mayor and the chief , '' Peterson said .
`` Chief Johnson , I 've known him for a long time , '' Johnson said . `` The mayor , I 've known him for a long time . But I think absolutely I was n't shown any favoritism because I was arrested and taken up to jail and I had to bail out . ''
Peterson says Chief Johnson drove to the stop and the mayor was notified Johnson had been arrested . Court documents show Johnson was arrested for disorderly conduct , obstruction of justice , failure to stop at the command of the law enforcement and a minimum speed regulation violation .
An Internal Investigation
`` The chief stated that he believed that I pulled my weapon not because I feared for my safety but because I was mad , '' Peterson said .
Peterson admits he was mad . He tells KSL he became angry only after he checked Johnson 's identification and found out who he had arrested . Peterson says he had never met Johnson before but was aware of his friendship with the chief and the mayor .
`` It 's okay for this guy to show up and do whatever he wants because all he has to do is call the mayor and the chief , '' Peterson said .
`` Of course I was mad when I found out who it was , '' he said .
In Peterson 's recorded internal investigation interview with the mayor , chief and lieutenant , Peterson explains that :
Lt. Steve Barrett : `` Your exact words to me were ' I 'm * * * * * pissed off . '' Peterson : `` I was at that point . '' Barrett : `` That 's what you told me . '' Peterson : `` I was at that point because now I know who I 'm dealing with . We 've got a situation - - why is it that every time I 've pulled someone involved with this guy the chief has shown up on site ? .... What the hell is going on with this guy ? Why is he able to escape ? '' Chief Dan Johnson : `` We 're not on trial here . We 're not under investigation . ''
Terminated from the Force
Peterson was terminated four days after the interview and a week after the stop took place .
The mayor , I 've known him for a long time . But I think absolutely I was n't shown any favoritism because I was arrested and taken up to jail and I had to bail out . –Garrin Johnson
Personnel documents provided by Peterson show he was terminated for use of force , use of deadly force , dishonesty , and truthfulness required in reports . Documents also show Peterson had been issued previous reprimands in his three year tenure there . Those reprimands included punctuality , driving his patrol car into the mud , and driving his patrol car through a field . However , Peterson claims his termination from the department had little to do with his previous reprimands or his ability as a police officer . Instead , he says he simply picked the wrong guy in town to arrest .
`` I felt like it put the safety of the officers at risk because the chief and the mayor showing up on scene and rescuing him and different things , '' Peterson said . `` He can do whatever he wants . And there 's nothing you officers are really going to do about it . ''
`` I was arrested and went to court and made a deal with the city attorney , '' Johnson said discounting any suggestion he was treated differently because of his relationship with the mayor and police chief .
Court records show Johnson was charged with disorderly conduct , minimum speed regulations violation , fail ( ure ) to stop at command of the law , and obstruction of justice . Johnson pleaded guilty to the obstruction of justice charge in exchange for a plea in abeyance . Johnson says the charges will be wiped clean from his record if he stays out of trouble for six months .
KSL made repeated requests to Grantsville city for an interview . Mayor Brent Marshall declined our request . However , he did provide a prepared statement that reads : `` It is the policy of Grantsville City that it does not discuss any personnel matter regarding any specific employee . Grantsville City 's internal investigation process complies with due process requirements through which every employee receives a fair and just process . Grantsville City stands behind its actions involving any internal affairs investigation . ''
As for the Peace Officer Standards and Training ( POST ) Council that certifies police officers , the director tells KSL that the incident involving Peterson has been forwarded to POST by the Grantsville Police Department . At this time , POST is reviewing the matter to see if Peterson 's violation of Grantsville Police policy rises to the level of a POST investigation .
A new study published in the Journal of Dental Research provides the strongest evidence yet that fluoridated drinking water prevents tooth decay for all adults regardless of age , and whether or not they consumed fluoridated water during childhood .
“ It was once thought that fluoridated drinking water only benefited children who consumed it from birth , ” said study lead author Prof Gary Slade from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
“ Now we show that fluoridated water reduces tooth decay in adults , even if they start drinking it after childhood . In public health terms , it means that more people benefit from water fluoridation than previously thought . ”
The researchers analyzed data from 3,779 adults aged 15 and older who took part in the Australian National Survey of Adult Oral Health between 2004 and 2006 . Survey examiners measured levels of decay and study participants reported where they lived since 1964 . The residential histories of study participants were matched to information about fluoride levels in community water supplies .
The team then determined the percentage of each participant 's lifetime in which the public water supply was fluoridated .
The results show that adults who spent more than 75 percent of their lifetime living in fluoridated communities had significantly less tooth decay – up to 30 percent less – when compared to adults who had lived less that 25 percent of their lifetime in such communities .
“ At this time , when several Australian cities are considering fluoridation , we should point out that the evidence is stacked in favor of long-term exposure to fluoride in drinking water . It really does have a significant dental health benefit , ” said study co-author Dr Kaye Roberts-Thomson from the University of Adelaide , Australia .
______
Bibliographic information : G.D. Slade et al . Effects of Fluoridated Drinking Water on Dental Caries in Australian Adults . JDR , published online before print March 1 , 2013 ; doi : 10.1177/0022034513481190
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Spurred by James Nachtwey 's powerful photographs and RESULTS.org , the two major US presidential candidates , John McCain and Barack Obama , released statements yesterday detailing their plans for fighting TB . From John McCain 's statement :
As President , I will ensure that treatment and prevention programs are funded at levels befitting a wealthy and great nation . I will have a sustained commitment to helping people in need in Africa , Asia , and elsewhere cope with the ravages of this devastating disease .
From Barack Obama 's statement :
I will strengthen the health care infrastructure crucial to reducing the spread of tuberculosis and increase U.S. funding for the Global Fund – a partnership that 's already saved millions of lives from HIV/AIDS , malaria and TB . We 'll meet the Millennium Development Goals , which include halving the number of tuberculosis deaths . And we will live up to our commitment to the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ( PEPFAR ) .
Read both full statements below > >
Follow the TED Prize on Twitter > >
Photo of James Nachtwey courtesy of Robert Leslie .
From Barack Obama :
Barack Obama Statement at the TED Conference on Commitment to Fighting TB
October 3 , 2008
Today , I congratulate the TED Conference and James Nachtwey on their efforts to highlight the importance of preventing the spread of tuberculosis . TB claims 1.7 million lives each year , and eliminating it will be a global challenge – but it 's a challenge we must take on . When I am President , I will strengthen the health care infrastructure crucial to reducing the spread of tuberculosis and increase U.S. funding for the Global Fund – a partnership that 's already saved millions of lives from HIV/AIDS , malaria and TB . We 'll meet the Millennium Development Goals , which include halving the number of tuberculosis deaths . And we will live up to our commitment to the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ( PEPFAR ) , a successful program that my running mate Joe Biden and I have long supported .
The annual TED conference brings together great minds and leaders in a mission to advance the American idea . It 's time you had a Washington that did its part . As President , I will live up to our commitment to fighting this epidemic , and together , we will make it clear that America is ready to lead again .
From John McCain :
JOHN MCCAIN STATEMENT ON THE GLOBAL FIGHT AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS
Friday , October 3 , 2008
ARLINGTON , VA – McCain-Palin 2008 today released the following statement from John McCain on the launch of TED Prize winner James Nachtwey 's photos on extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis ( XDR-TB ) :
“ Tuberculosis is a devastating disease that accounts for nearly 2 million deaths a year . The painful and searing images of human suffering documented by James Nachtwey is another wake-up call for everyone around the globe to come together to meet their obligation to fight this disease . I honor him for his work . The lives of citizens of nations around the globe will be less prosperous and fulfilling without help to combat entrenched problems , such as tuberculosis , which afflicts poorer nations severely . It is critical that we face this crisis head-on with a committed global partnership . As President , I will ensure that treatment and prevention programs are funded at levels befitting a wealthy and great nation . I will have a sustained commitment to helping people in need in Africa , Asia , and elsewhere cope with the ravages of this devastating disease . ”
Ukraine : escalation `` harms German interests '' 09/08/2014
Follow @ eureferendum
Peter has written a
What comes over , as one might expect , is that it is failed imperialism , witness
Cue now a remarkable article from
Written by Gabor Steingart , the publisher of the newspaper , he immediately declares his concern , stating : In view of the events in Ukraine , the government and many media have switched from level-headed to agitate . The spectrum of opinions has been narrowed to the width of a sniper scope . The politics of escalation does not have a realistic goal – and harms German interests . Then asking , `` Who deceived who first ? `` , he answers his own question : Did it all start with the Russian invasion of the Crimean or did the West first promote the destabilization of Ukraine ? Does Russia want to expand into the West or NATO into the East ? Or did maybe two world-powers meet at the same door in the middle of the night , driven by very similar intentions towards a defenseless third that now pays for the resulting quagmire with the first phases of a civil war ?
If at this point you are still waiting for an answer as to whose fault it is , you might as well just stop reading . You will not miss anything . We are not trying to unearth this hidden truth . We do n't know how it started . We do n't know how it will end . And we are sitting right here , in the middle of it . At least Peter Sloterdijk has a few words of consolation for us : `` To live in the world means to live in uncertainty '' .
Our purpose is to wipe off some of the foam that has formed on the debating mouths , to steal words from the mouths of both the rabble-rousers and the roused , and put new words there instead . One word that has become disused of late is this : realism .
The politics of escalation show that Europe sorely misses a realistic goal . It 's a different thing in the US . Threats and posturing are simply part of the election preparations . When Hillary Clinton compares Putin with Hitler , she does so only to appeal to the Republican vote , i.e . people who do not own a passport . For many of them , Hitler is the only foreigner they know , which is why Adolf Putin is a very welcome fictitious campaign effigy . In this respect , Clinton and Obama have a realistic goal : to appeal to the people , to win elections , to win another Democratic presidency .
Angela Merkel can hardly claim these mitigating circumstances for herself . Geography forces every German Chancellor to be a bit more serious . As neighbours of Russia , as part of the European community bound in destiny , as recipient of energy and supplier of this and that , we Germans have a clearly more vital interest in stability and communication . We can not afford to look at Russia through the eyes of the American Tea Party .
Every mistake starts with a mistake in thinking . And we are making this mistake if we believe that only the other party profits from our economic relationship and thus will suffer when this relationship stops . If economic ties were maintained for mutual profit , then severing them will lead to mutual loss . Punishment and self-punishment are the same thing in this case .
Even the idea that economic pressure and political isolation would bring Russia to its knees was not really thought all the way through . Even if we could succeed : what good would Russia be on its knees ? How can you want to live together in the European house with a humiliated people whose elected leadership is treated like a pariah and whose citizens you might have to support in the coming winter . Steingart is very conscious of the parallels between the situation in Ukraine and the start of hostilities in 1914 , and thus notes : Germany has waged war against its eastern neighbour twice in the past 100 years . The German soul , which we generally claim to be on the romantic side , showed its cruel side .
Of course , we who came later can continue to proclaim our outrage against the ruthless Putin and appeal to international law against him , but the way things are this outrage should come with a slight blush of embarrassment . Or to use the words of Willy Brandt : `` Claims to absolutes threaten man '' .
In the end , even the men who had succumbed to war fever in 1914 had to realize this . After the end of the war , the penitent issued a second call , this time to understanding between nations : `` The civilized world became a war camp and battle field . It is time that a great tide of love replaces the devastating wave of hatred '' . `` We should try to avoid the detour via the battlefields in the 21st century '' , he concludes . `` History does not have to repeat itself . Maybe we can find a shortcut '' .
Then compare and contrast with a recent speech by The Ukraine crisis has created a new strategic reality in Europe , and NATO must respond . It 's not too late for Russia to turn back from its current path and to seek a peaceful , political solution that respects international law and the rights of sovereign nations . But if Russia chooses confrontation over cooperation , NATO will meet that challenge . We will adhere to our principles , we will engage constructively with partners to support their freedom of choice , and we will continue to protect our Allies . With Cameron succumbing to the hysteria , planning to send a battlegroup to Poland in the autumn , we have a repeat of the crass misjudgements we saw in Libya , and then in Syria – where intervention was blocked by Russia – with the EU front and centre and NATO not very far behind .
As the fighting intensifies in eastern Ukraine , the world waits with bated breath for the response by Putin to the siege of Donetsk , and the intensification of fighting on the border with Russia south of the town of Luhansk . With the Russian president under great pressure from his own people to take action , the question is whether Russia will invade , or simply increase its support for the separatists .
Against the rhetoric of the opposing parties , the influential Gabor Steingart comes over as a beacon of sanity , all against rumours that Merkel is prepared to do a deal with Putin over Crimea . Steingart 's intervention may be the strongest clue yet that something like this is about to happen .
At least the two leaders are
FORUM THREAD Peter has written a superb analysis on the folly of EU imperialism – albeit that it is still work in progress.What comes over , as one might expect , is that it is failed imperialism , witness this paper which looks at the EU 's Libyan adventure in 2011 . It notes that : `` The EU 's reaction is slow , the EU is divided , the EU is unable to deliver : time and time again , newspapers depict the image of an incoherent and uncoordinated EU foreign policy '' .Cue now a remarkable article from Handelsblatt on Ukraine , remarkable in many senses , but not least because of its simultaneous appearance in three languages : German , Russian and English.Written by Gabor Steingart , the publisher of the newspaper , he immediately declares his concern , stating : Then asking , `` Who deceived who first ? `` , he answers his own question : Steingart is very conscious of the parallels between the situation in Ukraine and the start of hostilities in 1914 , and thus notes : '' We should try to avoid the detour via the battlefields in the 21st century '' , he concludes . `` History does not have to repeat itself . Maybe we can find a shortcut '' .Then compare and contrast with a recent speech by NATO Deputy Secretary General , Ambassador Alexander Vershbow last April : With Cameron succumbing to the hysteria , planning to send a battlegroup to Poland in the autumn , we have a repeat of the crass misjudgements we saw in Libya , and then in Syria – where intervention was blocked by Russia – with the EU front and centre and NATO not very far behind.As the fighting intensifies in eastern Ukraine , the world waits with bated breath for the response by Putin to the siege of Donetsk , and the intensification of fighting on the border with Russia south of the town of Luhansk . With the Russian president under great pressure from his own people to take action , the question is whether Russia will invade , or simply increase its support for the separatists.Against the rhetoric of the opposing parties , the influential Gabor Steingart comes over as a beacon of sanity , all against rumours that Merkel is prepared to do a deal with Putin over Crimea . Steingart 's intervention may be the strongest clue yet that something like this is about to happen.At least the two leaders are talking to each other , and neither has anything to prove . If they listen to each other , we are in with a chance – nation speaking to nation , an ironic twist where two old enemies come to terms . But if either NATO or the EU - the Nobel Peace Prize winner - gets the upper hand , we are doomed .
Update ( 12/28/2018 ) : other editions of this post : 2018 , 2017 , 2016 .
As the new year approaches , we often sit back and think about what we have accomplished in 2015 . Many of our projects would not have been as successful if it were not for the great work done by the open source community , providing some solid , bullet-proof libraries .
Everyone and their grandma seems to be writing top 10 lists , so we could n't be less and compiled our own . Here is a list of the best 10 Python libraries you should know about that we have used in 2015 , in no particular order . We try to avoid most established choices such as Django , Flask , Django Rest Framework , etc . and go for libraries that might not be as well known . Fasten your seatbelt , here we go !
How hard would be for a painter to paint without seeing immediately the results of what he is doing ? Jupyter Notebooks makes it easy to interact with code , plots and results , and is becoming one of the preferred tools for data scientists . These Notebooks are documents which combine live code and documentation . For this reason , it is our go-to tool for creating fast prototypes or tutorials .
Although we use Jupyter for writing Python code only , nowadays it has added support for other programming languages such as Julia or Haskell .
The retrying library helps you to avoid reinventing the wheel : it implements a retrying behavior for you . It provides a generic decorator which makes giving retrying abilities to any method effortless , as also has a bunch of properties you can set in order to have the desired retrying behavior such as maximum number of attempts , delay , backoff sleeping , error conditions , etc . Small and simple .
As of 2015 , the most important libraries have all been ported to Python 3 , so we started embracing it . We really liked asyncio for writing concurrent code using coroutines , so we had the need for an HTTP client ( such as requests ) and server using the same concurrency paradigm . The aiohttp library is such , providing a clean and easy to use HTTP client/server for asyncio .
We have tried several solutions for subprocess wrappers in order to call other scripts or executables from Python programs , but the model of plumbum blows them all away . With an easy-to-use syntax you can execute local or remote commands , get the output or error codes in a cross-platform way , and if that were not enough , you get composability ( a la shell pipes ) and an interface for building command line applications . Give it a try !
Working with and validating phone numbers can be a real pain , as there are international prefixes and area codes to take into account , and possibly other things depending on the country . The phonenumbers Python library is a port of Google 's libphonenumbers which thankfully simplifies this . It that can be used to parse , format and validate phone numbers with very little code involved . Most importantly , phonenumbers can tell whether a phone number is unique or not ( following the E.164 format ) . It also works on both , Python 2 and Python 3 .
We have used this library extensively in many projects , mostly through its adaptation django-phonenumber-field , as a way to solve this tedious problem that pretty much always pops up .
Graphs and networks are tools often used for many different tasks , such as organizing data or showing it 's flow or representing relations between entities . NetworkX allows the creation and manipulation of graphs and networks . The algorithms used in NetworkX make it highly scalable , allowing it to be ideal when working with large graphs is required . Moreover , there are tons of options for rendering graphs making it an awesome visualization tool too .
If you are thinking about storing loads of data in a time-series basis , then you have to consider using InfluxDB . InfluxDB is a time-series database we have been using to store measurements over time . Through a RESTFul API , it 's super easy to use and very efficient , which is a must when talking about a lot of data . Additionally , retrieving and grouping data is painless due its built-in clustering functionalities . This official client abstracts away most of the work with invoking the API , although we would really like to see it improved by implementing a Pythonic way to create queries instead of writing the raw JSONs .
If you have ever used Elasticsearch you surely have suffered going over those long queries in JSON format , wasting time trying to find out where the parsing error is . The Elasticsearch DSL client is built upon the official Elasticsearch client and frees you from having to worry about JSONs again : you simply write everything using Python defined classes or queryset-like expressions . It also provides wrappers for working with documents as Python objects , mappings , etc .
Deep learning is the new trend , and here is where keras shines . It can run on top of Theano and allows fast experimentation with a variety of Neural Networks architectures . Highly modular and minimalistic , it can run seamlessly on CPU and GPU . Having something like keras was key for some of the R & D projects we tackled in 2015 .
If you are into NLP ( Natural Language Processing ) and have n't heard about Gensim , you are living under a rock . It provides fast and scalable ( memory independent ) implementations of some of the most used algorithms such as tf-idf , word2vec , doc2vec , LSA , etc , as well as an easy to use and well documented interface .
We could n't leave out MonkeyLearn . A product of Tryolabs which branched off in its own company , it offers text mining on the cloud via an easy to use RESTFul API . You can get insights about text such as sentiment , most important keywords , perform topic detection , as well as any other task you can perform with a custom text classifier . MonkeyLearn Python is the official Python client for the API , supporting both Python 2 and 3 .
At Tryolabs we are great at developing heavy Python backends with Machine Learning components . If you need some help in this kind of projects , drop us a line to hello @ tryolabs.com ( or fill out this form ) and we 'll happily connect .
Randall Cobb does not like the Seattle Seahawks .
The Packers receiver did n't hold back with his criticism of the Seahawks and cornerback Jeremy Lane . Cobb was forced to leave Sunday 's 38-10 win over the Seahawks with an ankle injury after it was twisted by a Seahawks player during a tackle . He also took issue with Lane , who blasted Cobb following the final snap of the first half as the Packers were taking a knee .
`` They 're just cheap . Bunch of front-runners , '' Cobb told reporters Monday , via the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel . `` That 's Seattle , for you . That 's what they do . It was all over the field . ''
MORE : Updated playoff picture
Cobb had just three catches for 33 yards in the game , but his remarks will only fuel the developing rivalry between the two perennial playoff contenders .
Photo by Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
`` You can not disrespect the caterpillar by raving only about the butterfly . '' This is a sentence former Warriors coach Mark Jackson said on television , where everyone could hear it , as we watched the team he coached a year earlier streak to the NBA championship under Jackson 's replacement .
Although this passive-aggressive nationally televised rejoinder to the praise heaped upon Steve Kerr would n't hold up particularly well to scrutiny in an AP English class , it does speak to the mystery of this team 's metamorphosis . These Golden State Warriors lurched from scrappy League Pass charmers to upstart conquerors , and now appear to be embracing a new and prickly triumphalism as they prepare to mount their defense as a venture-capitalized Bay Area reboot of the Bad Boys Pistons . This is not quite a completely unexpected heel turn , though . It 's a more long simmering flirtation with darkness finally making good its escape .
Over time , teams form identities that smooth the jagged edges of reality . The Spurs are the Borg , unstoppable evil aliens that play the right way . The Grizzlies are Reagan Democrats . The Clippers are a kid in a flat-brimmed Dodgers hat trying-but-not-trying to start a fight in an Orange County bar . The Warriors , thanks largely to the vanilla charisma and above-the-fray leadership of Stephen Curry , gave the impression of good buddies punching slightly above their weight , and they played joyous , magical basketball without appearing dominant in an unseemly or un-fun way . America 's team , then , or something like it .
Read More : The Chicago Bulls And The Problem With Now
But it was n't all redemption songs . Butterfly metaphor aficionado and actual pastor Mark Jackson is rightfully lauded for guiding the Warriors back to the playoffs , but he also brought with him a manichean chip-on-shoulder culture of saints and sinners , and an increasingly bleak us vs. them organizational mentality . They were the most explicitly evangelical team in the league , basically Templar Knights ( and Bogut ) . Bay Area fans groaned quietly when Jackson gave tone deaf `` I 'll pray for him '' support to Jason Collins , the NBA 's first openly gay player . And then there were the mind games , the mysteriously sacked coaches and secret alliances ; most disturbingly , there was Jackson 's campaign to motivate his players by turning them against injured teammate Festus Ezeli . Grantland 's Zach Lowe reported that Jackson told his team that Ezeli was rooting against them to make himself look better . He was n't , and Ezeli wept when his teammates confronted him .
It was a poisonous climate , but the Warriors fought hard for Jackson until the end . Then Steve Kerr arrived , ironed out the kinks , turned some frowns upside down , and they won a championship . The end . Except , it was n't of course , because this is the world and no one gets rockin ' end credits .
When you dunk on your ex-coach 's inexplicable and desperate conspiracy against you . —Jake Roth-USA TODAY Sports
And so the Warriors were left to deal with success . Mostly , they have seemed pretty peevish about it . There was Draymond 's `` Cool story , Glenn , '' a good , sassy response to Doc Rivers bemoaning Golden State 's luck . There was Bogut 's joke that he was getting his championship ring fitted for his middle finger ( obvious , but okay ) . All around , glimpses of the Bad Boy Warriors started to peek through the righteous sheen .
And then Klay Thompson was caught cheating by his girlfriend , the Instagram star Hannah Stocking . That the broader public cared about Klay Thompson being caught naked in bed with a groupie is proof that the Warriors had achieved a new type of fame ; even the British tabloid rag The Daily Mail devoted some digital real estate to the , um , news . The Warriors , tight bros that they are , quickly closed ranks . Andrew Bogut tweeted : `` If I have a daughter and she is an 'Instagram model ' , FAIL FAIL FAIL Parenting . ''
That is not a good take , not to mention needlessly cruel and personal . Wall Street Journal reader Harrison Barnes retweeted Bogut with approving emojis . And Draymond Green , responding to critics who ( stupidly ) maintain that Golden State did n't deserve their title , tied it all together by comparing those complaining to a rancorous woman , stating `` When you 're dealing with a bitter female that 's scorned , that 's one of the worst things in the world . And God , that 's bad . '' That is one of the worst comparisons in the world , Dray . God , it 's bad .
The less said the better , probably , about porn legend Lisa Ann 's on-air announcement that a well-known Warrior , `` wants to be my Master P , you know , Master Pimp , but you know , no exchange of money of course . He wants to be my resource for anyone I want to meet . '' At any rate , it adds up . Consenting adults are consenting adults and all , but Master Pimps , philandering , and casual misogyny does n't fit well with a team that we 've heard again and again is built around `` character guys . ''
TFW you 're basically an app in human form . — Photo by Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
Seen this way—seen clearly—the Warriors are not cardboard championship virtues in action . They are what they are , which is a great basketball team that also enfolds the general goonery and dirty play of Andrew Bogut , the dead-eyed branding experiment that is Harrison Barnes ' public persona , owner Joe Lacob 's dogs being named after Ayn Rand characters , and Draymond Green 's full-throated adoration for thermonuclear shithead Floyd Mayweather . The Warriors are not tall choirboys . They 're just a basketball team , and one with which everyone has to reckon .
As far as heel turns go , this offseason is not quite Sgt . Slaughter declaring allegiance for Iraq , but it 's a start . Now that they 've beaten the stuffing out of everyone in the league ( except the Spurs ) , the Warriors ca n't ever be underdogs again in the Stephen Curry era . Which is why it was encouraging to see the MVP so deftly deal with the ( again , insane ) criticism that the Warriors were `` lucky '' to win the championship . Without saying anything shitty about women , Curry struck the perfect note of coiled irritation and an appreciation for the absurd , and rebranded the champs not as underdogs , but again as a team that must perpetually prove itself :
`` I just want to say , I apologize for us being healthy . I apologize for us playing who 's in front of us . I apologize for all the accolades we 've received as a team and individually . I 'm very , truly sorry . We 'll rectify that situation this year . ''
You can think whatever you want about all this . But it has the ring of a team rounding into the role it was always meant to play . The Warriors were never simple . This season , they may well be occupying a space where warts and halos collide . Thy will be done .
Most economists are not so pessimistic . The most likely outcome envisioned by many is a slowdown or a mild recession . That would increase unemployment somewhat , and it would keep the stock market in the doldrums , but it would probably not be severe enough to significantly crimp economies abroad . And while it would impose pain , some see in this more moderate path a way to fix the imbalances in world trade that are at the center of fears of a great unraveling .
Americans have been buying staggering quantities of goods from overseas using money lent by foreigners . Foreign exporters have been relying on American consumers to keep them in business . For years , this dynamic has made for increasingly lopsided terms of trade : Last year , American imports outstripped exports by $ 764 billion , with foreigners stepping in to cover the difference .
Economists have long intoned that somehow , some day , the United States will be forced to settle up and stop depending upon the largess of foreigners . The basic laws of economics say imbalances are eventually balanced . Some have warned of a worst-case scenario where the foreigners holding American debt get spooked that the value of the dollar is about to plummet and dump the currency in a self-fulfilling prophecy . This would jack up the price of imported goods in the United States , making it harder for Japan , China and Europe to sell their wares , and delivering a global recession .
In the more appetizing scenario , the adjustment would happen gradually . The dollar would fall , making American goods cheaper abroad and helping to correct the trade imbalance . The American economy would slow , but the world economy would continue apace , allowing American firms to export aggressively .
Faced with slower business at home , Americans would be more inclined to save . That would force Japan , China , India and other export giants to find new ways to prosper without leaning on the beleaguered American consumer . The world economy would be cleansed of its imbalances , emerging stronger . The more optimistic suggest that this very scenario is now unfolding .
“ If you 're a global benevolent despot , you want a five-year period where China booms , India booms and the U.S. consumer takes a decided back seat , ” said Robert Barbera , chief economist at the brokerage and advisory firm ITG . “ You need to have a period where Asia booms and we limp along , because the No . 1 worry for the world economy is large , unsustainable trade imbalances . ”
To grasp what may at first seem perverse — pain required to get back to gain — it is worth recalling the genesis of our current predicament .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A decade ago came a financial crisis in Asia . As losses rippled around the globe , credit dried up , threatening the willingness of consumers to spend and businesses to invest . With the health of the global economy menaced , central banks lowered interest rates , fueling a wave of spending that , for the most part , has kept things rolling along .
In the United States , cheap credit added momentum to the boom in technology . That story ended badly , of course , with many companies extinguished along with tens of billions of shareholder dollars . But it did not deter the American consumer , whose spending amounts to 70 percent of the American economy . The Federal Reserve again opened the taps of cheap credit . Spending went on .
As Americans have carried home mountains of goods manufactured in Japan , China and elsewhere , they have sent trillions of dollars across the Pacific to pay for them . Asian central banks have taken these winnings and parked them back in the United States , buying up Treasury bills , stocks and property . In so doing , they have kept American interest rates low and the dollar stronger , ensuring that consumers have the wherewithal to keep buying .
Asia 's export-led prosperity has in turn generated business for American firms . As China erects factories , office towers and modern airlines , it is snapping up construction equipment from Caterpillar , airplanes from Boeing and engines from Cummins .
Cheap credit has fostered another development that was crucial in creating the current state of things : It unleashed a wave of mortgages with exotically lenient terms , such as interest-only payments and no money down . That allowed buyers to take on more expensive homes than they could have otherwise afforded . As home values rose much the way dot-com stocks had a decade earlier , banks offered loans and no-fuss refinancing that allowed homeowners to turn increased value into money . From 2004 to 2006 , Americans took more than $ 800 billion a year out of their homes , according to most estimates .
With prices now plummeting and banks savaged by mortgage losses , this artery of credit is drying up . The American consumer , a crucial engine of growth for the global economy , may finally be tapped out .
With recent history as a guide , many argue that the Fed and other central banks need simply step in anew , cut interest rates and send Americans back to the mall . Except a new force preoccupies those who control the credit taps : Central banks in the United States and Europe fear inflation , particularly as oil prices soar . This makes them reluctant to bring interest rates down much more .
Where foreigners have in recent years been content to keep buying American debt with the proceeds of the money they earn by selling us their goods , that is now changing . As the dollar keeps falling in value , China has sent signals that it plans to put more of its savings in the euro . Petroleum-rich countries such as Kuwait and Russia , swimming in dollars as the price of oil climbs , have been buying more euros and other currencies , too , adding to the downward pressure on the American currency .
So , for better or worse , Americans and countries whose prosperity is tied to Americans ' spending are apparently headed into uncharted territory : We are about to find out what happens when the easy money runs out .
Gab just sued Google for employing anticompetitive practices after banning the app from the Google Play Store , The Washington Post reported .
Launched by former ad tech founder Andrew Torba last year , Gab has gained significant traction as an alternative social network . Gab promotes itself as a free speech platform and therefore has attracted members of the alt-right and white supremacists who are able to share their views without fear of being banned .
Back in August , Gab said Google had banned its Android app from the Google Play Store . An email from Google Play Support to Gab said it `` violates the hate speech policy . ''
`` In order to be on the Play Store , social networking apps need to demonstrate a sufficient level of moderation , including for content that encourages violence and advocates hate against groups of people , '' a Google spokesperson said in a statement to ArsTechnica .
Now , Gab 's lawyers are alleging that Google is violating antitrust law by not allowing the platform to appear in the Google Play Store .
`` This claim is baseless and we 're happy to defend our decision in court if need be . In order to be on the Play Store , social networking apps need to demonstrate a sufficient level of moderation , '' a Google spokesperson wrote in a statement Friday .
`` This is a long-standing rule and clearly stated in our developer policies . This developer is welcome to appeal the suspension if they 've addressed the policy violations and are compliant with our Developer Program Policies , '' the statement continued .
Gab was allowed in the store until August , only days after Google fired former engineer James Damore who had circulated a controversial memo . Apple rejected Gab from its app store back in 2016 , where Torba again claimed bias .
The 40-page lawsuit does n't just allege violating anti-trust law , but it also takes an `` ideological crusade against the hypocrisy of Silicon Valley and 'political correctness , ' '' according to Fast Company .
For example , the lawsuit cites a `` Charlottesville 'moment , ' '' referring to the white supremacist rallies where one person died and several were injured , as the reason for banning Gab from the Play Store .
When reached out for comment , Torba directed Mashable to a Medium post titled `` Gab Declares War On Google , Files Lawsuit . ''
Femen protesters demonstrate at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , in 2012 . Photo by Anja Niedringhaus/AP
Their targets have included Silvio Berlusconi , Vladimir Putin , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , IKEA , the G-8 , and the pope . The predominantly blond-haired , bare-breasted young women have struck in 17 countries across the world and are reported to have 150,000 supporters worldwide . They call themselves the new Amazons , boldly evoking the mythical nation of all-female warriors .
Protests by Femen , as the group is named , are designed to attract attention . In August , a Femen leader named Inna Shevchenko demolished a towering wooden crucifix , around three times her size , armed with a chainsaw . Dressed in nothing but coral hot pants , black leather boots , protective goggles , and a floral wreath on her head—a symbol of unmarried women in her native Ukraine— Shevchenko knelt to cross herself before destroying the crucifix in Kiev , Ukraine 's capital . The words “ Free Riot , ” painted in black over her chest , suggested the act was in response to the arrest of singers belonging to Pussy Riot following the band 's “ punk prayer ” in a Russian Orthodox church .
Femen is an all-female protest group devoted , they say , to “ attacking patriarchy , in all its forms : the dictatorship , the church , the sex industry. ” Members ' punk rock attitude and extremism are a recipe for lots of exposure , but a swarm of questions has followed the group into the spotlight . What is one to make of Femen ? Are they a force to be reckoned with or just an exhibitionistic group of women who like to disrobe publicly ?
Femen was founded in Ukraine in 2008 by a group of women in their 20s . They were Anna Hutsol , a former concert organizer ; Oksana Shachko , a former student of iconography ; and Alexandra Shevchenko , a former professional coach at an electronics company . The Ukrainian sex trade has boomed since 2005 , when visa requirements for tourists were removed , and has been fueled by high unemployment . The group initially wanted to stop the country , which attracts ads for “ mail-order brides ” and “ pleasure weekends ” in Google searches , from slipping further into the hands of sex tourists and human traffickers .
So in one of Femen 's earliest protests , in 2008 , members dressed up in high heels and fishnet stockings and shouted “ Ukraine is not a brothel ! ” on Kiev 's Independence Square . But the group soon realized that , in addition to Ukrainian politicians , sex-seeking foreigners also needed to be taught a lesson . When The Rock FM , a popular New Zealand radio station , organized a “ win a wife ” competition , in which men were flown out to meet potential wives in Ukraine , Femen arrived topless at the airport to humiliate the winner , a winemaker named Greg .
Because Femen fight against patriarchy in all its forms , their protests are broad in scope . In November , the group infiltrated a Catholic rally against gay marriage in Paris . They were dressed only in black underwear , stockings , and black and white nun 's headdresses . Slogans like “ In Gay We Trust ” and “ Gay is OK ” were scrawled on their naked upper bodies . Most recently , they stormed a polling station where Berlusconi , Italy 's former prime minister and lover of “ bunga bunga ” parties , was casting his electoral ballot . Half-nude and screaming “ Basta Berlusconi ! ” the women attempted to make their way toward the politician before they were wrestled to the ground by police . Some members of Femen have been arrested up to 40 times in the past few years for stunts like these .
The audacity of such protests has inspired many women to join what is often referred to as Femen 's “ army. ” Femen claims to have enlisted women from across the world , in countries ranging from Tunisia to the United States . Last September , at the invitation of French feminists , they opened an office in Paris . They established another center in Berlin earlier this year . In both places , women receive physical training for future protests . Femen members say they plan to open their next international office in Brazil .
Meanwhile , undemocratic , oppressive regimes see them as a considerable threat . Femen members claim to have been abducted by state security officials on two separate occasions—in Ukraine and Belarus . The worst abduction experience was in December 2011 , in Belarus , often referred to as Europe 's last dictatorship . After an anti-government protest , Femen members were dragged to a car by men in black clothes whom they believe worked for the KGB . The women were taken deep into a forest and told to strip by men brandishing knives . The men cut the hair of two women and , after dousing them in oil , threatened to set them alight . “ We were psychologically tortured , ” Alexandra Shevchenko , who heads Femen 's Berlin office , said of the ordeal in a phone interview . After many long hours , the women were ordered to dress , bundled in a car , and dumped near the Ukrainian border .
Yet many feminists do not take Femen seriously . “ Taking off your shirt in order to get the sexist media to take photos of you plays on the sexualization and objectification of female bodies and reinforces the idea that women 's bodies are to-be-looked-at , ” wrote a contributor to Feminist Current . Feminists in their native Ukraine are equally upset with the underdressed upstarts . “ Femen 's activities give the impression at home and abroad that Ukrainian feminists are rabid women who show off their breasts , ” Lajma Hejdar , the head of the women 's organization Women 's Network told Deutsche Welle .
The backlash against Femen is akin to the feminist critique of SlutWalk that questioned both the movement 's use of the word slut and the “ sexy ” outfits of some protesters . Rebecca Traister wrote in the New York Times Magazine that SlutWalkers “ dressed in what look like sexy stewardess Halloween costumes ” and added that the movement “ seems less like victory than capitulation ( linguistic and sartorial ) to what society already expects of its young women. ” Femen is vulnerable to the same attack .
Femen members have defended their nude protests , which they describe as “ sextremist , ” on two counts : that they take ownership of the female body and that they ensure press coverage . While it is impossible to deny the truth of their second claim , some have argued that press coverage does not equal impact . As one feminist blogger at the Huffington Post put it bluntly : “ Men are n't listening to the message . They are wanking to the image . ”
And yet if Femen were really just an organization of lightweights , would they provoke crackdowns like the one that occurred in 2011 ? As it expands internationally , Femen is well aware that its nude shock tactics can be more than theater , serving instead as a kind of litmus test . “ The reaction to a nude protest is a measure of freedom in a country , ” Hutsol said in an interview with Der Spiegel . “ We were not arrested in Switzerland , but we were almost killed in Belarus . ”
That might explain why , in homage to Femen , female members of the Iranian Communist Party and the Organization Against Violence on Women in Iran organized a topless protest in Stockholm against the veil . The power of nudity in highly conservative countries is further revealed in the wildfire Aliaa Magda Elmahdy , a young Egyptian activist , unleashed when she uploaded a nude photo of herself on her blog . Elmahdy , who sought asylum in Sweden after the photos went viral , meant to attack “ a society of violence , racism , sexism , sexual harassment and hypocrisy. ” It is no coincidence that she also participated in a nude protest against the oppression of women with Femen in Stockholm in December . Now she is trying to recruit Femen members in Egypt through Facebook .
Feminists remain divided about whether , when it comes to nude protest , the ends justify the means . Femen is undeterred . “ I knew from the start that I did n't want us to mutate into a typical feminist organization , ” Hutsol told Der Spiegel . “ I did n't want an organization in which women talk , talk , talk , while the years go by and nothing happens . We have brought more extremism into the women 's movement . ”
The Ogun State Police Command has arrested a pastor , identified as Adekunle Francis , for allegedly raping a 17-year-old girl , simply identified as Dolapo .
Francis was arrested on November 22 at Ipamesan , Sango Ota , after he allegedly lured his victim into an uncompleted building under the pretext of praying for and anointing her .
He was said to have raped her until she passed out .
The pastor was paraded on Thursday before newsmen at the state police command headquarters .
Parading the suspect , the Police Public Relations Officer , PPRO , in the state , Abimbola Oyeyemi , said the victim reported her ordeal at the Sango Police Station .
According to him , the Divisional Police Officer , DPO , Akinsola Ogunwale , dispatched a team of detectives to the scene where the suspect was arrested .
The PPRO said , “ On interrogation , the suspect confessed to the crime . He told policemen at the Sango Police Division that the act was the work of the devil .
“ The state Commissioner of Police , CP , Ahmed Iliyasu , had ordered the immediate transfer of the case to the Anti-Human Trafficking and Child Labour Unit of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department , SCIID , Abeokuta , for further investigation , ” he added .
Spoiler Alert : The ending of the video game is detailed in the last paragraph in this article .
I remember being a bit confused the first time I saw Die Hard as a kid . I did n't understand why John McClane had endangered his own life during his first encounter with one of the criminals who had taken over Nakatomi Plaza . The bad man and his friends had taken hostages , and I 'd watched enough stories on the evening news to know that taking hostages was something terrorists did , and that terrorists were just about as bad guys get .
I 'd also played enough video games and seen enough movies to know that if you 're one of the good guys , it 's okay to kill the bad guys . And this particular bad guy had already tried to kill McClane with his machine gun . When McClane stops the criminal and tells him to drop his gun , the criminal says , “ You wo n't hurt me . Because you 're a policeman . There are rules for policemen . ”
I asked my mom why McClane had to do this , and she patiently explained to me that police officers could n't just go around shooting people , even if those people were “ bad guys , ” because if they did , they 'd be no better than the bad guys .
As this image from the game 's official site indicates , in Hardline , being a cop is less about enforcing the law and more about jacking up your foes .
Now , the latest game in the long-running Battlefield series , Battlefield Hardline , transfers the franchise 's combat from military scenarios to conflicts between cops and criminals on American streets . Even before the tragedies of Eric Garner and Mike Brown and Tamir Rice — black male lives lost to unchecked police force — and the civil unrest that followed in the wake of these events , there was something deeply uncomfortable about the way Hardline 's early marketing material fetishized the militarization of police equipment as a way of appealing to the game 's would-be players . Note the slow-motion shot of the molotov hitting the riot shield in this early teaser trailer for the game , the way the music kicks in , as if to say that as long as you 're the one with the power to withstand it and put it down , civil unrest is fun because it gives you a reason to employ and enjoy that power .
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback .
Hardline 's single-player storyline has nothing to do with riots or civil unrest , but it is all about the enjoyment of unchecked police power . You play as Nick Mendoza , a Miami cop . And here , there are no “ rules for policemen. ” Handcuffed by the first-person shooter genre in which it exists and the expectations of players familiar with the genre and the Battlefield franchise , Hardline must let you simply gun down enemies . This is n't wartime and you 're not a soldier , but nonetheless , there are no consequences whatsoever for opening fire on criminals , for shooting first and asking questions never .
In fact , the game 's mechanics encourage this approach by making the option to arrest criminals an exercise in tedium . In order to arrest criminals , you must sneak up on them , then flash your badge to freeze them in place , then click a button to handcuff them , an action which bizarrely also serves to render them unconscious ( complete with little Z 's floating out of their heads ) , preventing them from calling out and revealing your presence to other criminals . Even if you submit to the tedium and try to progress through as much of the game as possible using this non-lethal approach , there are situations in which criminals are aware of your presence and gunning for you , and your only option is to slaughter them .
Hardline 's narrative is explicitly structured as a ten-episode cop drama , complete with Netflix-style countdowns when one episode ends and the next is about to begin . But its TV show aspirations only undermine the game ; the gameplay suffers because of its need to function as a cop drama , and the cop drama suffers because of its need to function as a video game . Investigative police work is reduced to the most rudimentary of processes : a CSI -style scanner vibrates whenever you are near evidence , and analyzing the evidence is done by holding a button . Technology does it all ; the only thing you have to worry about is dealing with the bad guys .
Hardline 's story really wants to convince you it 's a TV show you 're binge-watching .
Meanwhile , the story succeeds at its low aim of mimicking the tone of a slick but goofy Jerry Bruckheimer-produced CBS crime show . Hardline 's world is populated with wisecracking supporting characters and sinister villains who live in lavish L.A. mansions and appear on huge TV screens to spout monologues at you . This I can accept , if I must . But even the most ludicrous crime drama does n't involve cops opening fire on groups of criminals and leaving them all dead . Yet here , you can gun down a bunch of criminals , then watch a scene in which your character is presented as the reasonable , level-headed one in a department populated with hotheads and corrupt cops . It actively works to present your character , and by extension your actions , as normal , under the circumstances .
Hardline 's story does n't ignore the fact that you may have qualms about your actions as an officer of the law in modern-day Miami . Instead , it tries to dismiss them . After one bloodbath at a location called the Elmore Hotel , your captain says , “ There 's going to be some complaints about the Elmore . Excessive force , etc . etc . Do n't worry about it . ”
There you go . The game has acknowledged , addressed , and dismissed any concerns you might have had about the fact that you just gunned down a dozen or more people . This is how so many video game narratives are designed to work , justifying the use of violence as your primary or sole means of interacting with other characters and answering questions before they 're even asked : Of course I had to slaughter all those people . They would have slaughtered me otherwise . How convenient . Applying this mindset to war is one thing . Applying it to law enforcement is something entirely different . There 's no divorcing a game that lets you play as a cop who can get away with murder , no matter how much it 's dressed up as a fantasy , from the political fabric of contemporary America .
Turns out being a corrupt cop pays really , really well .
But hey , do n't worry ; if your conscience still nags at you about using your position as a police officer to commit murder , well , in the end it turns out that the man who was ordering you to do these things was corrupt himself . Both you the player and your character Mendoza were but bumbling pawns in his schemes , and in the end , you get to take your sweet revenge .
“ You 're just like me , more criminal than cop , ” the villain says .
“ You know what , you 're right , ” Mendoza replies — before killing him in cold blood , the 50th or 100th or 250th person whose blood is on Mendoza 's hands .
You 're rewarded with unfathomable wealth and power , the keys to the dead man 's empire . This , the game says , is victory . Power corrupts , but as long as you 're the one with the power , that is awesome .
“ This is the real secret of life — to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now . And instead of calling it work , realize it is play. ” – Alan Watts
As we walk out into the world we are entering a story . This story defines us and the way that we interact with our beliefs , actions , society , etc . As much as we are always entering into the story that others have defined for us , we are also given the gift of writing our own story in every action we take . This month I sat down with Rachel Beck , founder of Storyforge Productions , and we discussed the nuances of story telling . We looked at our society and how we are working to rectify our long history with marginalizing females – specifically in the comic industry . We also looked at the basic construction of worlds and characters and how this construction create compelling reasons that keep us reading .
Reflecting on the talk I am reminded that complications are what keep us interested in the world around us . As comic artists we create fiction where our character confront and battle those contradictions . Theoretically that gives us the inspiration to fight our own demons . That 's what the # ComicFuel show is all about right ? For us to join together to turn away from just consuming art and to bring us into the battle – the battle to create art .
So get out your pens and papers . Sit down . Join us as Rachel and I provide the fuel you are going to need for the coming battle .
Jump times to go to different parts of the podcast :
( 00:00:00 ) Alan Watts on Play & Work
( 00:03:20 ) Introduction To Show
( 00:13:20 ) Question 1 – Female Comic Creators
( 00:46:20 ) AudioFuel – Maya Angelou “ And I Rise ”
( 00:50:00 ) Question 2 – Tension & Resolution
( 01:02:00 ) Question 3 – Character Driven Storytelling
( 01:19:00 ) Question 3.5 – Scenarios
( 01:27:40 ) AudioFuel – Morgan Freeman recites Invictus
( 01:30:40 ) Question 4 – Drawing As A Writer
( 01:48:30 ) AudioFuel – Alan Watts on the State Of Nothing
( 01:59:20 ) Question 5 – Onomatopoeias
( 02:05:20 ) Question 6 – Short & Sweet
( 02:13:00 ) Show Outro
Let me know what you think of the show by tweeting @ patrickyurick
Please consider supporting us so that more episodes of the show can be released by donating at $ 1+ to the show on patreon : https : //www.patreon.com/makingcomics
As always – the entire show notes catalog is on the Comic Fuel Wiki : http : //comicfuel.wikidot.com/wiki : episode-5
Songs Used
Audio Fuel Used
I played three series in the past week , so we have a nice half dozen drafts to look at .
Sunday Evening Amateur League Batman Forever ( soundtrack ) vs Burg Blarg Blam
Echo League Season 2 Five Potatoes vs Daft Gank Five Potatoes vs Jungle Legion Commander with vod
Let 's check out these drafts right off the bat , then talk about style and how we can develop it a little afterward .
Batman Forever ( soundtrack ) vs Burg Blarg Blam
From a drafting perspective we 're 2 weeks in and starting to find a groove , definitely did a good job of deathballing this match as well as planning map movement around cooldowns . My teams generally take 3 weeks before we find an identity , so hopefully after 4th of July weekend we 'll have it all figured out .
We 're not practicing , so a give-and-take style approach reminiscent of Les Champignons is a good drafting method for us . It 's important that everyone feels happy with the draft going in , since the team is just getting to know each other at this point – we 'll push harder for certain picks after rapport is built . Everyone picked or okayed their own heroes , just with suggestions from myself , and as well I shortlisted my own pick options and absorbed feedback .
I think our draft is quite good , not very initiation heavy but creates very good spacing in fights to avoid giving value to ice and fire spells . Nature 's Prophet pick looks good on paper but Battlefury Mortred will always be good against NP .
I think we drafted quite well into the Nyx Assassin pick , but Shea Dr. outplayed our whole team anyway . They got a lot of value out of Storm Spirit as well , a hero I wanted to ban , but I opted to give the choice of ban to Wheelhouse for his mid matchup . Even though fiery nabbed the nut pick I would n't do it any different – I 'll always trust my star players to set themselves up for success , especially in SEAL / RD2L where the big dogs play at a different speed .
Game 1 felt like a much better style for us – I think Silencer vs Venomancer at position 4 was key in encouraging us to tempo and get int stacks rather than trailblaze our neutral camps with plague wards . Something to expand on in week four .
Five Potatoes vs Daft Gank
I like this draft quite a bit , very much a team fight lineup that can run over people , and is extremely hard to kill in a 5v5 barring a huge misplay into Epicenter . I do n't think it 's our style – not enough outplay mechanics and not enough rat / skirmish value . I 've mentioned Undying before for the same reason – we do n't rock the deathball naturally so it is n't a good look for us . Cat herding was an issue this game .
That said , teamfight is the correct response to pick-off heroes like SK , Bane , Kunkka , and to some extent Juggernaut . If we run into a similar opener , we 'll kick off our own lineup with more flavor , something like Phoenix-Pudge would fit our style really well without sacrificing too much on the 5v5 front .
We 're really settling into a skillshot gaming playstyle ; Mirana and Ancient Apparition have become key parts of our trend towards unreliable spells . A newfound commitment to dodging means that we can wait until high value fishing skills land before we try to engage , maximizing the percentage of goofy-footed fights * .
Daft Gank committed hard to magic damage in this match , which allowed us to punish them with magic counters in Anti Mage and Viper . With survivable cores , Dire had trouble securing favorable engagements . An arrow-ice blast-hoof stomp combo or two or three allowed us to take buildings and secure map control .
Five Potatoes vs Jungle Legion Commander
Playoffs started early for us in this series , as we needed a 2-0 in order to make it out the group stage alive .
To me this game 1 is a big indicator that we 've figured it out and established our style ; normally I 'd just hard counter their first pick Puck , but instead we opt for a high synergy cancer-duo that we love playing , AA-Banana . Clock-AA is another classic pairing that JLC drafted into unsuspectingly with their Nightstalker pick .
We had issues selecting the back half of the draft , so I offered a guideline for us to follow when there is indecision – if my suggestions are vetoed , and no other other ideas arise in a reasonable time , we 'll use one of my suggestions regardless .
In this match we transitioned our Mirana-AA-Clock skillshot magic opener into a full fledged global meme strat , which I was pretty giddy about . I think this is a really good idea against three types of heroes : savers , dagger initiators , and rats . This game alone , globals take away Blink-Echo , secure kills after Shallow Grave , and give vision of Naga Siren wherever she hides .
Pretty sure this was my best draft all week – even though TA got a great matchup and built up a huge personal gold lead , she was unable to translate her net worth into teamfight impact , with Sacred Arrow and Hookshot into global combo routing JLC at the start of every engagement .
Echo League playoffs are another animal , but they do n't start for a few weeks , so I 'll likely write Battle Cup , and we 'll play SEAL on Sunday and hopefully take a look at how a new team evolves over a few weeks . We need a style .
Looking back on my earlier squads , usually it 's a player or two that dictates the style .
Les Champignons was largely a yolo team playing diveball with 6dog while Doobs ratted other lanes .
was largely a yolo team playing while ratted other lanes . Thanks for Breastsfast was a Verve-inspired mystery rice farm in which the draft was randomized and everyone bought a midas , and Boss hit hooks to stall the game .
was a in which the draft was randomized and everyone bought a midas , and hit hooks to stall the game . Even Five Potatoes is , now , a mini league-of-legends clinic housing Diaspora 's unquenchable thirst for landing skillshots , with arcade game-esque combos and emotes to support that addiction . The early , old style was founded on my own haphazard rotations , in which we wandered around panicking until we had enough farm to accidentally use Snow as bait to start a good fight . Our new style is better . Pinktops gets farm in this style .
is , now , a mini league-of-legends clinic housing , with arcade game-esque combos and emotes to support that addiction .
As the lads on Batman Forever ( soundtrack ) get to know one another , my hope then is that someone has a very distinct modus operandi that influences the rest of the team organically , and playstyle can emerge just like that . If style is saying who you are without speaking , then we 're all going to have to hear each other without listening .
Pretty sure I 'm next leveling myself .
-gg worst captain ever
* they start off on the right foot
Advertisements
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 5 , 2015 , 9:21 AM GMT / Updated July 5 , 2015 , 11:10 AM GMT By Ian Williams
TAKTSER , China — On the eve of the Dalai Lama 's 80th birthday , China seems determined to stop Tibetans celebrating .
The exiled spiritual leader is due to spend Monday in the United States , after attending a Global Compassion Summit in California this weekend .
But in his homeland of Tibet , which is governed as an autonomous region of China , officials have stepped up security in an apparent bid to throw cold water on any open festivities .
He has been in exile since 1959 , and there is no more stark illustration of China 's attitudes toward him than in his birthplace of the small town of Taktser .
`` They consider me a demon ''
Sat on the edge of a valley and surrounded by barren , jagged hills , the town lies in China 's Qinghai Province that neighbors Tibet . When NBC News visited recently , a narrow road snaking up to his house was blocked by police .
`` It is closed to outsiders , '' said one police officer , while another took photographs of us .
`` Local pilgrims are allowed , but you need special permission , '' said a young female officer wearing black military-style trousers and a white Bruce Springsteen `` Born in the USA '' T-shirt .
The officers told us they were looking after the house and that the Chinese government was financing its upkeep . The building , inside a walled compound , was barely visible beyond thick trees , though the gold roof of what appeared to be a prayer room could be seen from higher up the road .
The police said they were aware of the Dalai Lama 's 80th birthday , but denied there had been any increase in visitors . Surveillance cameras monitored the roads leading into the town .
Earlier this year , China 's official Xinhua news agency claimed the government had allocated 2.5 million yuan ( around $ 400,000 ) to preserve the house under a larger urbanization program .
That would seem to suggest that the authorities recognize the significance of the house to Tibetans , even while they vilify the Dalai Lama himself .
The Chinese government made its feelings clear last weekend when they condemned the organizers of the U.K. 's Glastonbury Festival . The Dalai Lama made an appearance and the crowd sang `` Happy Birthday , '' prompting Beijing to chide the event for giving a platform to what it said were `` anti-China splittist activities '' .
`` They consider me a demon , '' the Dalai Lama responded in an interview at the festival . `` Although I am not seeking independence or separation '' .
The Dalai Lama 's hometown of Taktser is some 25 miles from the regional capital , Xining , where there is a frenzy of new development underway . The roads to Taktser are new , though poorly maintained .
Kumbum Monastery , one of the six most important monasteries in Tibetan Buddhism , is around two hours ' drive from Taktser . It belongs to the Yellow Hat sect , of which the Dalai Lama is a member . And like most Tibetan monasteries it is under close police surveillance .
Do you outsource your lead generation or keep it in-house ?
Outsourcing your lead generation means setting a goal and get leads in return . But the decision whether to outsource or not does n't depend on the budget and the cost of every lead generation campaign . Take into consideration the overhead expenses of an employee ; salary , office space , a workstation , office equipments ( computer , phone , etc ) , taxes , holiday pays , sick leave , incentives , etc . The truth is , outsourcing is more cost effective than keeping it in-house .
Outsourced B2B lead generation is 43 % more effective than in-house . ( MarketingSherpa )
But what are the chances that lead generation companies will survive ?
Because the buying process has changed , most marketers nowadays make use of all of their resources to find new ways to reach out to their prospects . Lead generation companies help businesses reach out to buyers and build continuous relationship with them and deliver real , qualified leads . So the answer is , yes ! There is no doubt that lead generation industry will continue to provide sales-ready leads to their partner business .
Organizations with lead generations and management strategies have a 9.3 % higher sales quota completion rate . ( CSO Insights )
What lead generation companies mean to every business .
As mentioned in Marketo website , Doug Wotherspoon , Executive Director of Advancement , Algonquin College mentioned , “ Life before Marketo was like being in the dark ages . Marketo has put us into the modern era of marketing and increased lead generation by 71 % year-over-year and increased sales by 18 % . ”
Businesses understand that in order to get more sales they need to have a good lead generation campaign . Most businesses use lead generation as a way of educating their prospects and nurturing their leads using social media , email or call and convert them into sales .
In today 's business where there are a lot of competitors , I 've listed down 5 reasons why most businesses choose to outsource than having their own in-house lead generation team .
Cost effective because of lower operational and labor cost .
Saves time and effort on managing their employees . Employees can focus all of their efforts on their main responsibilities rather than doing cold calls and chasing hard to reach prospects .
No overhead expenses on office equipments , training and workstation .
An increase in revenue by providing sales-ready leads
Maximize the use of external resources . Lead generation companies do n't just provide high quality leads , a database , tools to manage and monitor your campaign and a team of highly qualified sales professional who will represent your company
Related : Follow up Inbound Leads with 5 to 5 Calling Rule ( And Increase Sales )
Lead generation outsourcing industry has a higher chance of surviving because more and more businesses understand the benefits of outsourcing for their organization . Even small companies nowadays , invest and would consider outsourcing because they know it can help them increase their sales and revenue .
Read our successful lead generation campaign stories
Or learn more about our lead generation process
Dial +65 6248.5023 or +65 3159.1112
Liberals have been trying to get rid of the NRA for as long as they 've been trying to take away our gun ownership rights . Michael Bloomberg with all of his billions and gun hatred ca n't even make a dent , but a goofball playwright thinks he has the magic formula . Writing for The Huffington Post , Robert Brustein lays out his simple plan to rid the country of the NRA and the 2nd Amendment .
There is a interesting idea floating around these days about how to kill the National Rifle Association . Join it ! ! ! ! For only $ 25 a year , you will not only receive a host of membership benefits and a subscription to three different gun magazines , but also — on the proviso that enough of us subscribe to this irresistible offer — the right to vote Wayne LaPierre out of office and ban firearms from the United States .
But wait , there 's more :
By constituting a voting majority of the NRA , we might even start a movement to abolish police weapons as well , a condition long observed in England , where , as a result , the murder rate has remained about 138 times less than that in the United States .
The murder rate in England 1 per 100,000 people and the US murder rate is 4.7 per 100,000 . I 'm no statistician , but that does n't seem like England 's murder rate is 138 times less than America 's . Actually it seems like it 's 4.7 times less .
Regarding the abolition of hunting rifles , that decision will depend entirely on your attitude towards killing animals . The clearest and most effective procedure , in my opinion , would be a universal abolition of any device requiring bullets .
There are so many flaws in Brustein 's evil plan I hope I can get to them all . The first issue that sticks out is that there are 4.3 million members in the NRA . In order to get a voting majority , liberal kooks would have to better that number . The thing is , people who do n't like guns also do n't like doing things about it like joining and paying . Just look at a Moms Demand Action rally with 3 or fewer protestors . The chances of getting nearly 5 million anti-gun complainers to pay $ 25 and join the NRA are somewhere between slim and none .
The next problem is that Wayne LaPierre is n't the emperor of the NRA , he 's the vice president . He 's really just the public face of the organization and not a policy setter . Getting rid of him is not going to change the NRA agenda or its approach to protecting our 2nd Amendment rights .
Then , there 's the problem of how the NRA operates . There is a 76-member board that picks the president , VP , and all of the executives . In order to oust Wayne LaPierre , enough liberals would have to get elected to the board of directors to have a majority . This unlikely scenario would require even more anti-gun lefties joining the NRA just so they could elect liberals to the board .
Brustein is also forgetting that the 4.3 million members of the NRA is a small fraction of the 80 million gun owners in America , most of who care deeply about their rights . Even if he could somehow neutralize the NRA , there 's still tens of millions of gun owners who vote and hold politicians accountable . The NRA is n't the only thing keeping leftist assholes from taking our rights away .
Simply disposing of the NRA does n't magically make gun ownership rights disappear because there 's still that thing call the Constitution . The highest law of the land guarantees our right to keep and bear arms . In order to ban all guns , Brustein would need a Constitutional amendment . That requires a two-thirds majority vote in both Houses of Congress and then ratification by three-fourths of the states . He 's going to need a lot more anti-gun liberals to make that happen .
Finally , just for shits and giggles , let 's say Brustein infiltrates and destroys the NRA , turns Congress into a hard-left democrat super-majority , and transforms most of the country from red to blue to get an amendment banning guns in America . He still has one more problem : how to disarm the American people .
There are maybe 350 million guns in private hands and those hands are not going to just turn their firearms into the government . More likely , they are going to use those guns to keep the government from confiscating them . As we saw when “ Black Rambo ” Christopher Dorner went on his killing spree , one guy with a gun kept every single cop in Southern California busy for a week . Now imagine 90 million guys and gals with guns .
Guns , the 2nd Amendment , and the NRA are not going away no matter how hard nutjobs like Brustein wish they would . State-level infringements are always a threat but a federal gun ban ai n't never gon na happen .
I actually kind of hope some liberals do join the NRA or at least go out to the range and give shooting a try . It might help them take their heads out of their asses and realize how much fun shooting sports can be and how important our right to gun ownership is .
Follow Brian Anderson on Twitter
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday his agency will impose new anti-subsidy tariffs averaging 20 percent on Canadian softwood lumber imports , a move that escalates a long-running trade dispute between the two countries .
Speaking to Reuters by phone a day ahead of the expected announcement , Ross said that the duties would affect $ 5 billion worth of softwood lumber imports from Canada .
`` It 's about 31.5 percent of the total U.S. market , so it 's a pretty big deal in terms of the Canadian relationship , '' he said .
The trade case was filed at Commerce against Canadian lumber producers by their U.S. competitors , who argued that Canadian timber grown on public lands receives an effective subsidy from the government that is unavailable to the U.S. firms , who cut timber grown largely on private land .
In response , Reuters reported that Canada said it strongly disagrees with the tariffs and said it would vigorously defend the interests of its softwood lumber industry through legal steps and press the U.S. to `` rescind this unfair and unwarranted trade action . ''
A Commerce Department fact sheet on the pending announcement seen by Reuters shows that West Fraser Mills will pay the highest duties at 24.12 percent , followed by Canfor Corp at 20.26 percent .
Resolute FP Canada Ltd will pay a 12.82 percent duty , while Tolko Marketing and Sales and Tolko Industries will pay a 19.50 percent duty and J.D . Irving Ltd , will pay 3.02 percent .
All other Canadian producers face a 19.88 percent duty , according to the document .
The preliminary determination directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to require cash deposits for the duties on all new imports as well as softwood products imported over the past 90 days .
To remain in effect , however , the duties need to be finalized by Commerce and then confirmed by the U.S. International Trade Commission after an investigation that includes testimony from both sides .
The U.S. dollar gained against the loonie after the report , up 0.34 percent to 1.3546 .
Watch : Canadian minister on finding common ground with Trump
For a series that features 200-mph machines , IndyCar has spent much of the past two decades scrambling to get out of reverse .
Like each of the past five years since the warring CART and Indy Racing League factions merged , IndyCar goes into the 2014 season hoping its latest batch of innovations will allow it to cut into NASCAR 's domination of American Racing .
IndyCar has a lot going for it .
The racing is more exciting and usually more competitive than NASCAR , although the depth of the field is n't as deep .
Verizon joins IndyCar as a title sponsor , choosing to go head-to-head with Sprint in NASCAR .
And the 18-race schedule is packed into five months – starting Sunday in St. Petersburg , Fla. , and ending Aug. 30 with the MATV 500 at the Auto Club Speedway in Fontana to avoid Sunday conflicts with the NFL and NASCAR 's Chase for the Championship – and has a series of interesting twists .
There will be 12 road/street course races and six oval races – including a Triple Crown of 500-mile oval races at Indianapolis , Pocono and Fontana .
In addition to the Indianapolis 500 on May 25 , the Indianapolis Motor Speedway will also open IndyCar 's premier month with a road race on the infield road course on May 10 . The schedule also has three street-course doubleheaders at Detroit , Toronto and Houston .
IndyCar has also tweaked its engine package with all teams having to run twin turbochargers on the 2.2-liter , V-6s produced by Chevrolet and Honda .
However , what IndyCar does n't have is a television package that would help expand the audience . Although seven of the season 's first nine events – including two rounds of Indy 500 qualifying – will be on the ABC network , the last 11 races are on the hard to find NBC Sports Network .
And IndyCar will be missing its most recognizable driver . Three-time Indy 500 and four-time series champion Dario Franchitti was forced to retire due to injuries suffered in an accident on the Houston street course last season .
A short look at IndyCar teams approaching the 2014 season , focusing on the three powerhouse organizations :
Penske : Powered by Chevy , the team 's three veteran drivers – 38-year-olds Helio Castroneves and Juan Pablo Montoya and 33-year-old Will Power – dominated preseason testing . But none of the three has ever won a series title and it has been 13 years since Montoya raced IndyCar and eight seasons since he last campaigned an open-wheel car . Power was the hottest driver at the end of the 2013 season and excels on road courses , although he needs to improve his oval game .
Castroneves will again be looking to join exclusive club of four-time Indy 500 winners .
Ganassi : Although the team has won five of the last six season titles behind reigning and three-time champ Scott Dixon and Franchitti , Ganassi is switching from Honda to Chevy engines . Defending Indy 500 and 2004 series champ Tomy Kanaan , 39 , replaces Franchitti as a teammate to Dixon , Ryan Briscoe and Charlie Kimball .
Andretti : Ryan Hunter-Reay was the team 's fourth champion in a decade in 2012 . But the team has slipped in recent years .
Andretti will switch from Chevy to Honda engines in 2014 . Other drivers are Marco Andretti , James Hinchcliffe and Carlos Munoz with Kurt Busch joining the group to attempt the Indy 500-NASCAR doubleheader on Memorial Day weekend .
Others teams :
KV : Honda , Sebastien Bourdais and Sebestian Saavedra drivers .
Rahal-Letterman : Honda , Graham Rahal .
Sam Schmidt : Honda , Mikhail Aleshin and Simon Pagenaud .
Sarah Fisher : Honda , Josef Newgarden .
A.J . Foyt : Honda , Takuma Sato .
Dale Coyne : Honda , Justin Wilson .
Ed Carpenter : Chevy , Mike Conway and Carpenter in the Indy 500 .
Bryan Herta : Honda , Jack Hawksworth .
Over the past two years , Mercy For Animals has been hard at work conducting original research with the purpose of increasing the effectiveness of our programs , and the results are in . Drum roll , please .
One in-depth study analyzed the effectiveness of Facebook posts . We discovered posting more videos , writing posts with fewer than 10 words , and posting content with baby animals or with farmed and companion animals together significantly increased reach .
cute ( videos with cute animals ) , lifestyle ( videos describing how to eat vegan ) , cruel ( videos with only animal cruelty footage ) , and comparison ( videos that explicitly compare happy and suffering farmed animals ) . A more recent study analyzed which kinds of pro-veg videos are best at inspiring changes in diets and attitudes . We tested 12 different viral videos created by Mercy For Animals against a control video , and placed them into four categories : ( videos with cute animals ) , ( videos describing how to eat vegan ) , ( videos with only animal cruelty footage ) , and ( videos that explicitly compare happy and suffering farmed animals ) .
The results are fascinating . Comparison and cruel videos worked best at inspiring individuals to reduce their meat consumption . In fact , comparison videos created three times as much intention to reduce meat consumption as cute videos and lifestyle videos , and 30 percent more intention to reduce consumption than cruel videos .
Some staggering stats have been sent by Sportsnet since the Blue Jays ' huge trade-deadline moves , but nothing as mind-boggling as this : 3.14 million people tuned in on Sportsnet 's broadcast of the game against the Yankees at 10:19 pm on Friday , when Troy Tulowitzki was engaged in a 12-pitch battle against Andrew Miller . Miller was the one who ended up winning the battle , but the Rogers-owned broadcaster was the big winner here , being able to claim that a whopping nine percent of the population of Canada was tuned in to their channel at that moment .
In comparison , about 8.6 million Canadians were watching CBC when they won the men 's hockey gold medal match in Sochi . Do n't forget that this was a regular season game in the middle of August . Also note that these numbers are only representative of those who watched the game on a television , they do n't count those who were streaming the game online .
Furthermore , the average audience numbers for that Friday night game hit 2.03 million viewers , a number that Sportsnet claims is its all-time most-watched program , surpassing even Maple Leafs games .
Postseason Schedule
2015 Postseason to begin on Tuesday , 10/6 ; World Series scheduled to start on Tuesday , 10/27 in AL Park . pic.twitter.com/d3t2BzhH5c — MLB Communications ( @ MLB_PR ) August 17 , 2015
Major League Baseball released the official postseason schedule today so get out your calendars and start to call for babysitters and schedule vacation days .
The two Wild Card playoffs will be on Tuesday , October 6 and Wednesday , October 7 for the American League and National League , respectively . The ALDS games start on Thursday , October 8 and there will be at least one , possibly two days with four postseason games . The ALCS will start a week after the ALDS , and game 3 will be on Monday , October 19 , the same evening as the Canadian federal elections . Finally , the World Series is set to begin on Tuesday , October 17 and may play into November unless the Blue Jays sweep the series ( which they totally will ) .
Evening Links
Irrational boss Ken Levine has shared a few details about how Elizabeth will play in Bioshock Infinite ‘ s upcoming DLC Burial at Sea , promising that she wo n't just be “ Booker in a dress . ”
Burial at Sea sees Booker and Elizabeth in Rapture on New Year 's Eve 1958 , the night which the bomb exploded . The DLC will be split into two parts , the first sees you playing as Booker and the second as Elizabeth . Levine explained to IGN that Elizabeth 's campaign leans “ more towards a survival horror game . ”
Level designer Amanda Jeffrey added , “ Liz is such a different character to Booker , and if we were to just put Booker in a dress , then that would be the most awful betrayal of what we 're doing for Liz , and players would just feel like it was a cheap way out , and that 's not something that we want to do . ”
“ She needs to be kind of thinking in a roundabout way of how to deal with her enemies . And , sometimes , that might mean completely bypassing the enemy entirely . It may mean , in another situation , using the enemy 's strength against them , ” Jeffrey continued . “ We 're still trying to work out exactly how extensive Liz 's tear abilities will be . I will say , though , that Elizabeth and her tear abilities are not necessarily a ‘ win button . ' So she 's not entirely godlike in her abilities . She will have far more powerful ways of interacting with the world than we saw in Infinite proper , but at the same time , it wo n't just be a case of walking to a space and going , ‘ I 'm just going to press a button , and now happy ending for everyone ! ' ”
Burial at Sea will be priced at 1200 Microsoft Points and should be out by the end of the year .
Source : IGN
Six commercial B. terrestris colonies ( Biobest N.V. , standard hives ) were used to examine the effect of field realistic doses of the pesticide imidacloprid on foraging activity over a 4 week period . Upon arrival , nests were small , evenly aged and consisted of the queen and up to 65 workers . They contained two internal tanks which supplied the bees with sugar solution during transportation , and these tanks were sealed prior to controlled feeding to ensure that bees only had access to the ‘ nectar ' provided as part of the experiment . Colonies of approximately equal weights were randomly allocated to either a treatment or control group ( three in each ) . Control colonies were fed ad libitum ( ad lib ) with pollen and a sugar water solution for a period of 14 days in the laboratory . Over the same period colonies assigned to the treated group were fed pollen and sugar water containing 6 and 0.7 μg kg−1 imidacloprid respectively , thus mimicking levels of imidacloprid found in oil seed rape ( Bonmatin et al . 2003 ) . During the 14 day period bees were provided with no alternative forage .
After 2 weeks of controlled feeding in the lab , all colonies were placed out in the field and the foraging behaviour of bees was monitored over a 4 week period ( 07.08.2012–04.09.12 ) . The study was carried out in domestic gardens in an urban area of Stirling in the Central-belt region of Scotland . The nearest farmed area was over 1 km away . Bees were allowed to acclimatise to their surrounding for 24 h. After this time the first 12 bees exiting each nest that had undamaged wings were collected . In treated nests this first batch of bees would have been individuals that consumed contaminated pollen and nectar during their adult life , however given the 9 day pupation phase they are not likely to have been larvae reared on food contaminated with imidacloprid ( Van Der Steen 2008 ) . We used Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) technology to monitor the foraging duration of individual bumblebees , and an automated system to record the weight of bees entering and exiting the nest . RFID technology is increasingly being used to study the behaviour of insects ( Robinson et al . 2009 : ants ; Streit et al . 2003 ; Molet et al . 2008 : bumblebees ; Sumner et al . 2007 : paper wasps ) , and allows an accurate and automated way of monitoring their activity ( Ohashi et al . 2010 ) . A small RFID tag ( mic3®-AG64 bit RO , iID2000 , 13.56 MHz system , 1.0 × 1.6 × 0.5 mm ; Microsensys GmbH , Erfurt , Germany ) weighing 3 mg ( < 3 % of the weight of the smallest bee tagged ) was glued to the dorsal surface of each bee 's thorax . The weight of these tags was small relative to the average weight of nectar and pollen carried by bees ; bumblebees are known to carry up to 90 % of their own body weight ( Goulson et al . 2002 ) . The tags were carefully positioned so that they would not hamper wing movement and bees were then released and left to forage independently for a period of 4 weeks . Treated and control colonies were randomly paired and each pair were monitored for a 24 h period every 3 day ( approximately ) . A fully automated system was set up to record the time and weight of bees departing from and returning to the nest : in a set-up similar to that used by Stelzer et al . ( 2010 ) a system of 2 cm tubes were used to connect the entrance of each colony to a clear plastic box mounted on top of a balance ( weighing to 3 decimal places ) . A small clearance gap was left between the tube system and the weighing box to ensure that only the weight of bees in the box was recorded . In most cases the time it took for bees to traverse the box was sufficient to get a stable reading . However on about a third of occasions there were multiple bees in the box at one time which meant it was not possible to obtain an accurate weight of any one individual bee . If this occurred when a bee was returning to the nest , the trip was excluded from the analysis of weight data . However if it occurred when a bee was leaving the nest then an average weight of that bee was obtained from other departures made during the monitoring period , and this was used as proxy in the analysis . After traversing the box , bees then entered another length of tube leading them to the outside . RFID readers were mounted between the nest entrance and the first length of tube , which recorded the exact time bees entered and exited the nest . A motion detecting camera was set up to record the weight of bees as they passed over the balance , and to determine if bees returned carrying pollen . As in Stelzer et al . ( 2010 ) , any trips that lasted for 5 min or less as well as those flights where bees lost mass were excluded from analysis as the majority of these were likely to have been orientation or defecation flights . These trips only accounted for a small number of the total trips recorded and numbers were similar in treated and control colonies ( only 15 trips in total , nine for treated and 8 for control bees ) . Additionally any trips over 4 h in duration ( seven in total , three for treated and four for control bees ) were excluded from the analysis as these often occurred on rainy days where bees may have been prevented from returning to the nest due to adverse weather .
Fourteen days into the 4 week data capture period a further 12 bees from each nest were tagged . The development of B. terrestris workers in laboratory conditions includes ~14 day of larval development during which larvae are frequency fed , followed by ~9 days as a pupa . Thus in treated colonies , bees tagged at this point were likely to have been those reared on the pollen and nectar dosed with imidacloprid . At the mid-way stage of the experiment one control nest and one treated nest had to be removed from the experiment due to wax moth infestations ; therefore no further bees were tagged in each of these colonies .
All statistical analyses were conducted using R version 2.15 ( R Development Team 2012 ) . Generalised Linear Mixed Effects models ( GLMM ; fitted by maximum likelihood using the lme4 package ) with Gaussian errors were used to test the effect of imidacloprid treatment on , trip duration , weight of forage collected and the foraging efficiency ( mg of forage collected per hour ) of individual bees . The time of day for each trip and the number of days since each bee was tagged were included as covariates along with treatment as a fixed factor . Individual and colony I.D . were included as random factors to account for pseudo-replication between and within colonies . ‘ Batch ' ( whether the bees were tagged at the start of week one , or the start of week three ) was also included as a fixed factor . All two way interactions were included in the starting model . Factors that did not contribute significantly to the model were removed in a stepwise manner , using p = 0.05 as a threshold for factor retention or removal . After each simplification step models were assessed using the Akaike 's information criterion ( AIC ; Akaike 1974 ) . When modelling both pollen and nectar foraging efficiency the most parsimonious model determined using the stepwise approach matched the model with the lowest AIC value .
A GLM , with quasibinomial errors to allow for over dispersion , was used to determine if there was a significant difference in the proportion of trips in which treated and control bees returned with pollen . The number of trips in which bees returned with pollen over the number of returns without pollen was modelled as the response variable and treatment and batch were included as fixed effects . Nest was included as a fixed effect in this analysis as , due to the relatively small sample size , models including nest as a random effect were unable to correctly separate out nest effects that were not due to treatment .
A Pearson 's correlation was used to examine the relationship between time spent foraging and the weight of the load collected during each bout . Unless otherwise stated all averages are mean ± SD .
A group of leading populist thinkers met in Milan Thursday to discuss the future of Europe and especially the relationship between the European Union ( EU ) and its individual member states .
A growing malaise has been sweeping Europe as citizens grow progressively more distrustful of the European Union and desirous of recovering the sovereignty of their own nations and of taking back responsibility for their own destinies .
The Milan conference , titled “ Sovereignty vs. Globalism : Shifting Geopolitical Realities in Europe and the USA , ” analyzed this phenomenon by comparing the populist-nationalist fervor in Europe with the movements that produced the Trump revolution in the United States and Brexit in the United Kingdom . The meeting was cosponsored by the Milan-based political-cultural journal Logos together with Breitbart News .
Ted Malloch , Donald Trump 's putative ambassador to the European Union , spoke of the President 's first 100 days in office , laying out the statistics of his numerous accomplishments that are rarely if ever discussed by the mainstream media and comparing them to past administrations . He also drew comparisons with Europe 's recent history , as EU power in Brussels has grown steadily while many member states languish in economic stagnation and migratory crises .
The migration question came up again as Prof. Giuseppe Valditara , the academic director of Logos , explored Europe 's contemporary migrant crisis with similar events in the ancient Roman Empire that eventually led to its collapse .
“ Many speak of the need for ‘ generosity ' in welcoming huge numbers of economic migrants , ” Valditara noted , “ but few speak of the generosity needed toward our children and future generations as we hand on to them a society that scarcely resembles the one we received in heritage , ” a comment that elicited enthusiastic applause from the audience that filled the hall .
Italy 's former finance minister , Senator Giulio Tremonti , spoke of the anger experienced by those who thought that they had finally figured out how to create the “ new man ” and the “ new society , ” based on a unitary thought allowing no opposition , only to find their project thwarted by the very democratic system they claimed to be serving .
Tremonti , the author of numerous books including his recently published Mundus Furiosus , offered a historical analysis of how the European Union has gradually separated itself from an active partnership with the individual member states , arrogating more and more decision-making power to itself .
Brussels , Tremonti argued , has become less and less democratic with the passage of years , fearful of subjecting its authority to the will of the people it governs .
“ The Europe of Brussels has little by little taken on the absurd form of an upside-down pyramid , ” Tremonti contended , “ built with para-constitutional measures of an excess of power and a deficit of democracy . ”
Dr. Thomas Williams , Breitbart 's Rome bureau chief and co-organizer of the conference , spoke of the need for greater subsidiarity in the relationship between the EU and its members , understood as the concentration of decision-making power as close as possible to the citizens who are affected by it .
The Trump revolution in the United States , Williams argued , was “ the direct result of people 's instinctive longing to have a greater say in setting the conditions under which they live , work and raise their children , and thus was an unspoken appeal to the principle of subsidiarity . ”
Against hyper-regulation , government overreach and fiercely enforced political correctness in the United States , Williams noted , people reasserted their own sovereignty and right to self-government—a phenomenon mirrored by growing populist movements in Europe .
Marcello Foa , editor-in-chief of the Swiss-based Corriere del Ticino , spoke of the ideological battle being waged between the establishment , bent on holding onto its power and the status quo , and the unsatisfied masses who are tired of being told what they are to think and what is best for them and would like the chance to decide for themselves .
The establishment would like to brand all uncomfortable ideas as “ fake news , ” Foa noted , when in reality they simply represent an alternative perspective and worldview , a comment that drew spontaneous applause from the audience .
While many are aware only of the passive acquiescence of contemporary European society to its various ailments , the Milan conference showed that an energetic and forward-thinking nucleus of thinkers is busy planning how to get it back on its feet again .
The way to “ make Europe great again , ” the speakers seemed to agree , is by restoring the greatness of the individual nations and cultures that she comprises .
The two presidents spoke by phone following Putin 's annual press conference in Moscow .
During his remarks in Moscow , Putin accused those investigating potential collusion between Russia and Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign of damaging the U.S. political situation , “ incapacitating the president and showing a lack of respect to voters who cast their ballots for him . ”
In an equally brief statement , the Kremlin said in addition to North Korea , Trump and Putin discussed relations between their two countries and agreed to stay in contact . The Kremlin made a point of noting that Trump initiated the call .
They discussed ways to work together to address North Korea 's nuclear and ballistic weapons program , the White House said .
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the election to help Trump , a Republican , defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton . Trump last month lashed out at those agencies ' former heads , calling them “ political hacks ” and arguing there were plenty of reasons to be suspicious of their findings .
“ All of it was invented by people who oppose President Trump to undermine his legitimacy , ” Putin said in remarks . “ I 'm puzzled by that . People who do it are inflicting damage to the country 's domestic political situation , incapacitating the president and showing a lack of respect to voters who cast their ballots for him . ”
Brimming with self-confidence during the nearly four-hour session , Putin reaffirmed his denial of interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .
At his annual news conference , Putin also mocked his most visible critic , Alexei Navalny , saying that those like the opposition leader want to drive Russia into chaos ahead of the March 18 presidential election in Russia .
Putin also warned the U.S. against using force against North Korea . Trump has repeatedly said that all options remain on the table .
“ It 's a universally accepted practice when diplomatic envoys and even government officials meet candidates and their teams to discuss some issues , prospects for development , trying to get an idea what they will do if they come to power and how to respond to that , ” Putin said . “ What is extraordinary about it and why should it trigger some sort of spy mania ? ”
Putin said Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak , whose contacts with Trump 's campaign are part of the probes by Congress and special counsel Robert Mueller , was only performing his routine duties .
Putin also praised Trump 's successes , saying that global markets have demonstrated investors ' confidence in his economic course .
“ We can objectively see quite serious achievements even during his short time in office , ” Putin said .
Read more :
Republicans accuse Justice Department of bias after release of FBI officials ' text messages
Donald Trump Jr. asks for probe into leaks related to his interview with House panel
Inside the legal team trying to protect Trump from Mueller 's ‘ killers '
The Russian leader said he and Trump had spoken on a first-name basis on the sidelines of two international summits this year , and he voiced hope that Trump eventually would be able to fulfil his campaign promises to improve ties with Russia .
“ I hope that he would gradually have opportunities to establish contacts with Russia , ” he added .
Putin emphasized the countries need to co-operate on tackling global challenges and that Russia is ready for “ constructive ” co-operation on tackling the North Korean standoff .
Putin has warned the U.S. not to use force against North Korea , adding that the consequences will be “ catastrophic. ” He emphasized that Russia opposes Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions , but added the U.S. had “ provoked ” the North into developing its nuclear and missile programs .
Putin said Moscow was encouraged by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's statement about readiness for talks with Pyongyang , hailing it as a “ realistic ” approach .
He pointed out , however , that the U.S. sanctions against Russia have put Moscow on a par with Iran and North Korea . He said it looks “ weird ” in view of the fact that Washington expects Moscow 's co-operation in tackling the North Korean crisis .
“ It 's beyond reason , ” he said .
The Russian leader also voiced concern about the U.S. considering a pullout from key nuclear arms control pacts .
He insisted that Russia has observed the 1987 INF Treaty banning intermediate range missiles and charged that the U.S. claims of alleged Russian violations are part of a “ propaganda ” campaign to pave the way for the U.S. withdrawal . He also blamed the U.S. for violating the pact , a claim that Washington has denied .
Putin also said that Russia wants to keep the 2010 New Start Treaty , which limited the U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals to no more than 1,550 deployed nuclear warheads for each country . The treaty is set to expire in 2021 , but the parties could agree to extend it .
Putin noted that some in the U.S. want to do away with the treaty and warned that “ it would be very bad for international stability and security . ”
He emphasized that Russia will “ ensure its security without entering an arms race. ” Russia 's military spending next year will amount to about $ 59 billion compared to the Pentagon 's budget of about $ 898 billion , he noted .
Putin , who announced his bid for re-election last week , said he would run as a self-nominated candidate , keeping his distance from the main Kremlin party , United Russia , which has many members dogged by accusations of corruption . A victory to another six-year term would put him on track to become the nation 's longest-serving ruler since Soviet dictator Josef Stalin .
Answering a question from 36-year-old celebrity TV host Ksenia Sobchak , who wants to challenge him in the election , Putin said he does n't fear competition but emphasized that the government would thwart any attempts by radicals to destabilize Russia .
Sticking to his habit of not mentioning Navalny by name , Putin likened him to Mikheil Saakashvili , a former president of Georgia who has turned into a Ukrainian opposition leader . Saakashvili has defied the Ukrainian government with a series of recent anti-corruption protests .
Putin said his government would n't let “ people like Saakashvili ” plunge Russia into the kind of instability that is now wracking Ukraine .
An embezzlement conviction that Navalny says is politically motivated bars him from running for president against Putin .
Navalny tweeted that Putin 's statement “ confirmed that not letting me run is a deliberate political move . ”
Most of the questions came from journalists from far-flung Russian provinces pushing various local projects , effectively serving as envoys for their regions .
Putin sought to burnish his image as a father of the nation who cares for the people 's needs , alternating benign statements with his dry and sometimes harsh humour .
He backed his talk about the need for a strong military with a joke about a boy who swaps his father 's navy dagger for a watch .
The youth is told by his father : “ It 's a good watch . When bandits will come to us and kill your mother and rape your older sister , you will come out and say : ‘ Good evening , it 's 12:30 in Moscow . ' ”
Comedian and actor Matt Lucas takes on the persona of natural history doyen Armstrong Wedgewood to give a unique twist to the story of our planet .
1 . Arctic 26m Arctic creatures are n't bothered by the cold . Rather , they fear the warmth caused by human activity that 's setting `` the Earth 's freezer '' to `` defrost . ''
2 . Yellowstone 26m Serene as it appears , Yellowstone National Park is more unpredictable than an atom of Radium-226 , thanks to the active super-volcano beneath it .
3 . Oceans 25m Most of Earth 's animals live in the sea , where they form a `` living soup '' or a `` massive death chowder '' in which it 's eat or be eaten .
4 . Wildebeest 26m The wildebeest , one of the many species of ungulates and `` cud munchers '' that populate the Serengeti , take part in a grand migration every year .
5 . Madagascar 26m Many of the flora and fauna of Madagascar are found nowhere else on Earth , which is why the island is n't called `` Normal-a-gascar . ''
6 . Penguins 26m Penguins , `` the natural world 's answer to Charlie Chaplin , '' only have to waddle about to make children -- and Amstrong Wedgewood -- smile .
7 . Islands 26m Life on islands evolves in isolation from the wider world , and in a manner that is `` absolutely potty . '' Much of this life is weird and wonderful .
8 . Great Apes 26m The great apes , not to be confused with monkeys , have opposable thumbs , complex social politics and other `` phenomenally humanlike '' qualities .
9 . Forests 26m In forests , the perfect combination of sunlight and rain `` makes trees grow like billy-o . '' Among these trees , an entire world springs into being .
Week 17 is here , as are the NFL.com Power Rankings . Or maybe I should just say , Merry Christmas , Broncos fandom ...
Considering the abuse this space took from those who felt Denver was being disrespected , it 's amazing we 're not pushing Tatum Bell Fatheads on the website in response . It should also be noted that having a team at fifth overall is now viewed as a slap in the face . You 'd think they were undefeated , or had won nine in a row coming into last weekend . Oh ... wait .
@ harrison_nfl might have to put denver closer to # 1 in the power rankings . 10-0 does n't lie . Packers need to bump up too â Emelio Estevez ( @ KDotThompson ) December 24 , 2012
Yes , Denver continues a more prodigious streak than the roll you were on with `` Breakfast Club , '' `` Young Guns '' and `` Men at Work . '' Frankly , `` Emilio , '' I was a `` Young Guns II '' guy , myself .
Speaking of two , Denver sits at that lofty spot after stampeding the ailing Browns , pushing the winning run to 10 in a row and the overall record to 12-3 . The Broncos sit behind only the red-hot Falcons , who are 13-2 , with one of those victories coming courtesy of three Peyton Manning picks . Who would win now ? Maybe we 'll find out in New Orleans .
As for the rest of the league , let us know how we did in the rankings -- @ Harrison_NFL is the dropbox .
Until then , Happy Holidays , and of course , let the dissension ride ...
( Note : Arrows reflect change in standings from last week 's Power Rankings . )
RANK 1 13-2 FALCONS 1 Roddy White was due for a big outing . Three of his previous four games coming into the Saturday night special in Detroit had been disappointing , but he was on point at Ford Field , hauling in eight balls for 153 yards and two touchdowns . Speaking of on point , Matt Ryan played at such a high level that general faith in the Atlanta Falcons must have risen a tick .
RANK 2 12-3 BRONCOS 3 Considering the level at which the Denver Broncos and Green Bay Packers are playing , is it possible that we could have a rematch of Super Bowl XXXII ? If so , I would be forced to write just four words : `` This one 's ... for ... JAAHN ! '' ( Make that four words , with a contraction . )
RANK 3 11-4 PACKERS 3 I think Aaron Rodgers is ready for the playoffs , but it 's hard to tell . Maybe he should have thrown for 500 yards and eight touchdowns in a 95-7 win . Need to watch the game film .
RANK 4 11-4 PATRIOTS 1 The New England Patriots struggled for a good portion of their road game in Jacksonville , so they earned a slight demotion in the Power Rankings ( especially since they were coming off a home loss , to boot ) . One thing that 's paramount to these Patriots ballclub , though , is its ability to produce takeaways . Three more Sunday gives New England 36 -- most in the AFC ( for the second consecutive season ) .
RANK 7 12-3 TEXANS 3 Hard to be Positive Perry after such an awful performance by a punchless offense , but here 's the deal : Beat the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday , and you get a first-round bye and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs . From the `` In case you were wondering ... '' department : The home team has won the last six AFC Championship Games .
RANK 8 9-6 BENGALS The Cincinnati Bengals showed some grit , going into their house of horrors , eliminating the Pittsburgh Steelers from postseason contention and sewing up their second consecutive playoff berth .
RANK 10 10-5 RAVENS 1 The Baltimore Ravens ' offense in the first half on Sunday : 290 yards , 7.3 yards per play , 24 points , 6-for-8 on third down , no turnovers . The Ravens had n't put up that much yardage in the first half since September of last year . Fans miss Cam Cameron . Except not at all .
RANK 12 10-5 COLTS 2 Congratulations to everyone involved with the Indianapolis Colts . While this team did n't play its best ballgame at Arrowhead , there 's no minimizing the 10-5 record and playoff berth achieved by a group that seemed destined for a 4-12 clunker back in March . The key now is to get better offensive-line play , both in the running game and in pass protection . Otherwise , it 's one-and-done in New England , Baltimore or wherever they play their wild-card game .
RANK 13 9-6 VIKINGS 3 Huge win for the Minnesota Vikings , and a mea culpa from this writer . I did not see the Vikes going on this late-season run , riding the crest of large road wins in St. Louis and Houston . Head coach Leslie Frazier deserves some Coach of the Year votes , yes ? As for Adrian Peterson , would love to hear your thoughts on if he can gain 208 yards against the Packers on Sunday to break Eric Dickerson 's rushing record . Hit me up @ Harrison_NFL . Thinkin ' he comes up short , but what a year for AD .
RANK 14 8-7 COWBOYS 1 This space has documented the sorry case of the depleted Dallas Cowboys defense several times now . Add DeMarcus Ware 's shoulder to that tally . Yet , we ca n't let this blurb go by without pointing out Tony Romo 's remarkable surge this season . How does this suit you : Over his last eight games , Romo has thrown 17 touchdown passes and three interceptions , while totaling 2,612 yards . That 's 326.5 yards per game . He 's almost singlehandedly keeping the team in games , with some help from Dez .
RANK 15 7-8 STEELERS Shades of 2006 and '09 in Pittsburgh , when decent teams could n't do enough to get into the playoffs . This Steelers team dealt with many injuries along the offensive line , at running back , in the secondary , at linebacker , and of course , at quarterback . And yet , Pittsburgh has still outscored the opposition in 2012 . Give this organization a ton of credit , as its `` bad '' years are of the 8-8 and 9-7 variety . Since 2004 , Pittsburgh is 96-47 with two Super Bowl rings , another Super Bowl appearance , and a helluva lot of quality football in between . All this must be my Pittsburgh Coast bias .
RANK 17 7-8 SAINTS Drew Brees played out of his freaking mind Sunday at Jerryworld . As I figured he would , Brees attacked the Cowboys ' inside linebackers and safeties to perfection . That 's what a vet like No . 9 does , identifying the defense 's weak spot and unleashing his best weapons in said area . In this case , that meant targeting Jimmy Graham , Darren Sproles and the other running backs to keep New Orleans out in front . It 's crazy , but Brees throws for 446 yards with three touchdowns to zero picks , and nobody bats an eye anymore .
RANK 18 7-7-1 RAMS If Leslie Frazier deserves Coach of the Year votes , then you better believe Jeff Fisher deserves a chunk of those ballots , as well . This is a club that won two games last season , scored the fewest points in the league and gave up the sixth most points . Yet here the Rams are , 7-7-1 , with some quality wins over the 49ers and Seahawks under their belt . If not for the Colts and Redskins -- and their rookie quarterbacks -- people would notice the St. Louis Rams .
RANK 19 7-8 DOLPHINS The Miami Dolphins ' slim playoff hopes went down the tubes this past weekend . Nonetheless , that does n't negate a season in which the Fins won at least three more games than anyone expected them to . Remember `` Hard Knocks , '' when we were treated to awkward Joe Philbin visits with players in an Ikea-filled office , wide receivers that had no moves and a quarterback battle that featured David Garrard and Matt Moore ? How times have changed in this football city .
RANK 21 6-9 BUCCANEERS 1 We thought the 10-game losing streak in 2011 was tough to swallow . This season might be worse for Tampa Bay Buccaneers fans . Greg Schiano 's team has gone from 6-4 to 6-9 , while quarterback Josh Freeman has struggled mightily , compiling a sub-70 passer rating during that streak . As he goes , the Bucs go ...
... But it 's Christmas , and we 're pointing out the bright spots . With this team , it has to start with Doug Martin , who wo n't win Offensive Rookie of the Year , but he sure as hell should get strong support . Martin has 1,766 yards from scrimmage this season with a game to play . A lot of league observers thought he could play , but no one anticipated Martin threatening 2,000 yards of offense .
RANK 22 6-9 CHARGERS 4 A road win is a road win is a road win . Sure , some might snicker at beating the pilot-less Jets , given the fact that Greg McElroy got the nod on Sunday . But do n't underestimate the effectiveness of the San Diego Chargers ' defense , which notched 11 sacks on Sunday . Ranked 11th overall , San Diego 's defense has only allowed 95.1 rushing yards per game ( fourth ) and has forced opposing offenses to go three-and-out 26.3 percent of the time -- the fourth highest percentage in the league . Pretty decent from a relatively star-less unit .
RANK 23 5-10 BROWNS 1 The Cleveland Browns have had their share of struggles the past two weeks , losing to Kirk Cousins and getting blown out on the road in Denver . The key in Cleveland is the large number of young players who have gotten a long look , thanks to a surplus of injuries on defense and a lack of proven commodities on offense . The number of young guys contributing is staggering . The Browns boast 12 starters with less than three full years in the league .
RANK 25 6-9 JETS 1 The encouraging signs emanating from New York are rather dim and out of focus coming off two bad losses , but one favorable piece of news is that Greg McElroy will start the season finale in Buffalo . Why ? Because , if you 're gon na look at a kid as an organization , then look at him . Start him two games , not two random series that do n't fit into the flow of the game . Sound Tim-ilar to anything Jets fans have seen this season ? The Jets are 6-9 and have nothing to lose by giving McElroy another shot .
RANK 26 5-10 CARDINALS 1 Bears defense 14 , Cardinals 13 . Quarterback play was poor , again . At least the running game made up for it by averaging around none yards per carry . OK , here are a couple of reasons for optimism in Arizona : There will be a coaching change , and someone besides Ryan Lindley or Brian Hoyer will play quarterback in 2013 . Oh , and Larry Fitzgerald is under contract . Doing my best here .
RANK 27 4-11 LIONS 1 The losses just keep piling up , as does the frustration surrounding a 2011 playoff team that seemed to have turned it around . The margin of victory ( or defeat ) is so small in the NFL that there is no way these Detroit Lions are truly a 4-11 team . Unfortunately , they are . Kudos to Calvin Johnson , who can become the new CJ2K with 108 yards receiving versus Chicago .
RANK 29 5-10 TITANS 2 We 're trying to keep the positive vibes going . Hard to do at this point in the rankings . So I 'm going to bail , and let Mike Munchak keep this blurb on the sunny side . `` It 's embarrassing to lose 50-something to seven ... thank God we have ( another game ) because I would n't want this to be our last game of the year . '' Yeah , so that 's good .
RANK 30 4-11 RAIDERS Positives : Sebastian Janikowski has only missed three field goals . Shane Lechler has been solid . Ok , I 'm not gon na blow smoke up your ... It 's been an awful season in Oakland .
RANK 31 2-13 JAGUARS Here 's what I like from Sunday 's 23-16 loss to the Patriots : This Jacksonville Jaguars team fought . Every season , you hear some fans hoping out loud that their downtrodden team will lose for better draft position . Hogwash . Mel Tucker 's defense stopped the Patriots on third down eight times , while giving Tom Brady just 5.6 yards per pass play . New England 's ground attack averaged less than four yards per rush . The effort was there , even if the favorable outcome was not .
RANK 32 2-13 CHIEFS Similar to the Jags , the Kansas City Chiefs gave their fans something to cheer about Sunday , despite a loss . The defense shut down the Colts for the better part of the afternoon , giving Andrew Luck very little in the passing game ( 205 yards on 35 attempts ) . Once again , quarterback play was the problem . Still , if I 'm a Chiefs fan , I 'm encouraged by a group that refuses to quit on the season .
Elliot Harrison is an analyst on NFL Network 's NFL Fantasy Live show , weekdays at 1 p.m . ET and Sundays at 11:30 a.m . ET . Follow him on Twitter @ Harrison_NFL .
Lache Seastrunk 2.0 ? That 's what Washington probably saw when it signed Texas A & M 's Trey Williams to the roster as a UDFA .
“ I wanted him to realize how talented he was , but I wanted him to realize that talent that he has , it does n't mean anything if the mental aspect of the game does n't come with it , ” says Malena , who mentored Williams in college and remains a close friend . “ I 'm not saying that everyone has the talent that he has , but everyone has talent . In a certain sense , you can get left behind easily or go away faster if you do n't understand the mental aspect of the game. ” – Ben Malena , former Texas A & M RB about former teammate Trey Williams as told to Ben Glicksman at SI.com
The RSP Film Room has a new series : The RSP Boiler Room . These will be short videos 5-15 minutes in length that profile a small number of plays on a prospect . The one on Trey Williams above is an analysis of one play .
I will continue to host the longer format of the RSP Film Room while also making these shorter videos on a routine basis . I have a few hearing impaired subscribers and I will try my best to offer a script or eventually figure out a way to get close caption to upload on YouTube as I get more adept at the process .
Let me know what you think .
For analysis of skill players in this year 's draft class , download the 2015 Rookie Scouting Portfolio – available now . Better yet , if you 're a fantasy owner the Post-Draft Add-on comes with the 2012 – 2015 RSPs at no additional charge . Best , yet , 10 percent of every sale is donated to Darkness to Light to combat sexual abuse . You can purchase past editions of the Rookie Scouting Portfolio for just $ 9.95 apiece .
About 1.3 million IP addresses—including those used by Google , Yahoo , Craigslist , and Yelp—are turning users of the Tor anonymity network into second-class Web citizens by blocking them outright or degrading the services offered to them , according to a recently published research paper .
Titled `` Do You See What I See ? Differential Treatment of Anonymous Users , '' the paper said 3.67 percent of websites in the Alexa 1,000 discriminated against computers visiting with known Tor exit-node IP addresses . In some cases , the visitors are completely locked out , while in others users are required to complete burdensome CAPTCHAs or are limited in what they can do . The authors said the singling out was an attempt by the sites to limit fraud and other online crime , which is carried out by a disproportionately high percentage of Tor users . In the process , law-abiding Tor users are being treated as second-class Web citizens .
`` While many websites block Tor to reduce abuse , doing so inadvertently impacts users from censored countries who do not have other ways to access censored Internet content , '' the authors wrote .
In many cases , the degraded experience is automatically carried out by content delivery networks , which help individual websites to distribute content and block malicious users . One of the best-known CDNs , CloudFlare , assigns a reputational score to visiting IP addresses and if it 's too low will require end-users to complete a CAPTCHA designed to prove they 're a human rather than a malicious script . On a support page , CloudFlare says it does n't specifically target Tor users , but it goes on to say that `` due to the behaviour of some individuals using the Tor network ( spammers , distributors of malware , attackers , etc . ) , the IP addresses of Tor exit nodes generally earn a bad reputation . '' The paper 's findings have touched off a long and often heated discussion between Tor advocates and representatives of CloudFlare .
Websites that use CloudFlare competitor Akamai , meanwhile , often block Tor users outright with a 403 error that ca n't be bypassed . While Google and Yahoo do n't block Tor users outright , some of their pages or services are n't available to visitors using Tor IP addresses . One site that 's not mentioned at all in the paper is Facebook . In 2014 , the social network became available as a hidden service . Facebook also tweaked its fraud-detection algorithms to improve the experience of Tor users .
The paper exposes the tension between site security and access to information and anonymity , particularly by those in repressive countries that censor content or closely monitor citizens ' Web browsing .
`` Anonymous communication on the Internet is a critical resource for people whose access to the Internet is restricted by governments , '' the authors wrote . `` However , the utility of anonymity networks is threatened by services on the Internet that block or degrade requests from anonymous users . ''
24th episode of the third season of M * A * S * H
`` Abyssinia , Henry '' is the 72nd episode of the M * A * S * H television series , and the final episode of the series ' third season . First aired on March 18 , 1975 , and written by Everett Greenbaum and Jim Fritzell , the highly rated episode was most notable for its shocking and unexpected ending . The plot of the episode centers on the honorable discharge and subsequent departure of the 4077th MASH 's commanding officer , Lieutenant Colonel Henry Blake ( played by McLean Stevenson ) .
The title of the episode refers to the slang use of `` Abyssinia '' for `` goodbye '' . ( `` Abyssinia '' , pronounced `` ab-ee-SIN-ee-ah '' can be understood as `` I 'll be seeing you '' . In the 1920s and 1930s Abyssinia was the name for the country now called Ethiopia . ) [ 1 ] It is mistakenly said that this slang was frequently used by the Henry Blake character throughout his years on the show . In fact , whenever Blake would bid farewell , it was usually by saying `` goom-bye '' , though Blake did use this term at least once .
The highly controversial ending to the episode , which has since been referenced and parodied many times , prompted more than 1,000 letters to series producers Gene Reynolds and Larry Gelbart , and drew fire from both CBS and 20th Century Fox .
After the production of this episode , both Stevenson and Wayne Rogers , who played the character of Trapper John McIntyre , left the series to pursue other interests . While Stevenson 's departure was announced prior to and written into `` Abyssinia , Henry '' , Rogers unexpectedly left the series during the break between Seasons Three and Four , and so his character 's departure takes place off-screen in the following episode , `` Welcome to Korea '' , the first of the show 's fourth season . These combined departures and their subsequent replacements also signaled the beginning of a major shift in focus of the M * A * S * H series as a whole with story and script focus emphasizing the character of Hawkeye Pierce , played by Alan Alda .
Plot [ edit ]
`` I have a message . Lieutenant Colonel ... Henry Blake 's plane ... was shot down ... over the Sea of Japan . It spun in ... there were no survivors . ''
The episode opens in the operating room , as the surgeons and medical staff ( with the exception of Frank Burns ) participate in a game of `` Name That Tune '' . Tension between Frank , who requests silence , and the other surgeons reaches a peak , and shortly afterwards , Radar O'Reilly ( Gary Burghoff ) enters the O.R . and informs Blake of his discharge : he has received all of the needed Army service points to be rotated home . Upon the completion of the surgical session , Henry begins planning his upcoming trip home and places a telephone call to Bloomington , Illinois , to inform his wife and family of the good news . [ 2 ]
Meanwhile , Major Margaret Houlihan ( Loretta Swit ) and Major Frank Burns ( Larry Linville ) are eagerly awaiting the upcoming transfer of command of the 4077th MASH : upon Blake 's departure , Burns will become the unit commander . Henry and Radar begin to clean out the main office , sharing a sentimental moment in which Radar tells Blake of his meaning to him . As a token of appreciation and admiration , Radar gives him an inscribed Winchester cartridge ; a surprised Henry returns the favor by spontaneously giving Radar a rectal thermometer that once belonged to his father . [ 2 ]
On the night before Henry 's departure , Hawkeye Pierce ( Alan Alda ) , Trapper McIntyre ( Wayne Rogers ) , and Radar throw a going-away party for him at Rosie 's Bar and Grill . All four inebriated , they share some pleasant memories and reminisce before Blake leaves to go to the bathroom . While Henry is gone , the others prepare a comedic ceremony to `` drum [ Henry ] out of the Army '' . As a part of the ceremony , the three present Henry with a brand-new suit as a parting gift . [ 2 ]
The next morning is the first with Frank Burns in charge , and he immediately starts using his `` gung-ho '' , militarily strict , and whistle-happy attitude to assemble the company . A lack of respect from his subordinates is already evident , as an out of uniform and unshaven Hawkeye and Trapper and an outrageously dressed ( even for him ) Corporal Klinger ( Jamie Farr ) show up for the assembly . As Blake leaves his tent for the last time , dressed in his new suit , he is greeted with a round of applause from the unit . Frank and Margaret give Blake a formal `` ten-hut '' salute . Henry , in his typical laid-back fashion , tells Frank to `` take it easy '' and to `` stuff that whistle someplace '' . [ 2 ]
After saying his individual goodbyes to many of the members of the 4077th , Hawkeye whispers to Henry and convinces him to give a long kiss to Margaret , generating another rousing round of applause from the onlookers . Blake then leaves the camp , walking towards the chopper pad with Hawkeye , Trapper , Margaret , Frank , Klinger , Father Mulcahy ( William Christopher ) , and Radar , with the rest of the camp saying farewells and singing `` For He 's a Jolly Good Fellow '' . [ 2 ]
When the helicopter arrives , it contains a wounded soldier , which occupies Hawkeye and Trapper ; they say their short goodbyes before going to care for the soldier . Beginning to board the helicopter , Henry spots an emotional Radar saluting him and pauses for a moment . He runs back to him to return the salute , hug him , and leave him with the words : `` You behave yourself , or I 'm gon na come back and kick your butt . '' Blake then boards the helicopter and leaves the 4077th . [ 2 ]
The next scene takes place in the O.R . and became a defining moment in the series . As surgeons are working on wounded soldiers , Radar enters , visibly shaken and not wearing the required surgical mask . Trapper chides him for this , but Radar , too dazed to react ( or care ) , delivers a shocking announcement ( and quite possibly his most famous line ) : `` I have a message . Lieutenant Colonel ... Henry Blake 's plane ... was shot down ... over the Sea of Japan . It spun in ... there were no survivors . `` [ 2 ] Radar leaves the O.R . as the camera pans the stunned and silent hospital staff , including Trapper and a teary-eyed Hawkeye , who continue to operate on the wounded , and Majors Burns and Houlihan , who are crying . A surgical instrument can be heard being dropped in the background .
After a final commercial break , the episode closes with a `` reluctant and affectionate farewell '' to Blake by means of a light-hearted montage of clips from past episodes . [ 2 ]
Production [ edit ]
`` We did n't want Henry Blake going back to Bloomington , Illinois and going back to the country club and the brown and white shoes , because a lot of guys did n't get back to Bloomington . '' Gene Reynolds [ 3 ]
The final scene , in which Radar informs everyone of the death of Henry Blake , was unprecedented : it was the first time in American television history that a main character departing a comedy series was killed off in a tragic way . [ 4 ] When Stevenson decided to leave the series part way through the third season , Gene Reynolds and Larry Gelbart , the show 's producers , decided to make a statement regarding the unexpectancies and horror of war , especially with the Vietnam War fresh in people 's minds . [ 4 ]
To evoke genuine emotions of shock and sadness , the final O.R . scene was kept a secret from the cast , with the exception of Alan Alda , until immediately before filming ; only then did Gelbart hand out the last page of the script . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] As a result , Stevenson was still on the set to see the final scene being filmed . [ 6 ] After shooting was completed , a season-ending cast party was planned . Stevenson left the set almost immediately after the end of filming , and the party was canceled due to the poor mood of the cast . Stevenson later said in an interview that he was deeply hurt that his character 's death was revealed in that fashion and the party was `` ruined . `` [ 6 ] Gelbart later said of the event , `` I wish we could say to him , 'We did n't mean it , Mac . ' '' [ 7 ]
Reaction and impact [ edit ]
... if we turned on the [ television ] set we would see fifteen people [ killed in Vietnam every night ] . They do n't complain about that because it is unfelt violence , it is unfelt trauma . And that 's not good . I think that if there is such a thing as the loss of life there should be some connection . And we did make a connection . It was a surprise , it was somebody they loved . They did n't expect it but it made the point . People like Henry Blake are lost in war . Gene Reynolds [ 8 ]
Shortly after the episode originally aired , the reactions and feedback of viewers were intense , both in support and condemnation of the events of the episode . [ 9 ] It is estimated that over 1,000 letters were received by the producers regarding the episode ; `` some ... were from people who understood . Many were from people that did n't . `` [ 8 ] Many of those who objected also cited the fact that M * A * S * H was considered a situation comedy , and that Blake 's `` cheap '' killing did not belong in the show ; one caller to Reynolds stated after the episode aired that they `` do n't know why [ they ] did it ; it 's not necessary , it 's just a little comedy show '' and that `` you 've upset everybody [ in the family ] , '' before vowing never to watch the show again . [ 9 ] Another , more lighthearted response to the episode came from an unhappy viewer in Lubbock , Texas , who sent a telegram stating that `` Henry Blake has been found in a raft in Lake Lubbock . `` [ 9 ] Initially , Gelbart and Reynolds hand-wrote letters in response to the feedback , but eventually , due to the overwhelming number of letters , a form response was created explaining the rationale of their decisions . Negative reactions were not exclusive to the home viewers of the program : both CBS , the network that aired M * A * S * H , and 20th Century Fox , the company that produced M * A * S * H , expressed their unhappiness at the killing of Henry Blake . In fact , CBS ' distaste with the episode was so great that during a later rerun of the episode , the final O.R . scene was cut from the episode . [ 8 ] The final scenes have always been shown in syndication , and were uncut on the DVD release of the series ' third season in 2003 . [ 2 ]
Not all reaction to the airing was negative : On an episode of the variety series Cher that aired shortly afterward and featured Stevenson as a guest , the situation was parodied when the episode opened to a studio shot of Stevenson as Blake floating on a smoking raft and shouting , `` I 'm OK ! I 'm OK ! `` [ 10 ]
In Bobbie Ann Mason 's 1985 novel In Country , the teenage protagonist recalls having watched the episode as a child and being `` so shocked she went around stunned for days , '' and confesses that Blake 's death on the show had seemed more real to her than the death of her own father in Vietnam . [ 11 ]
The final scene was spoofed on the Family Guy episode `` Fifteen Minutes of Shame '' when a cutaway shows Brian Griffin saying to the rest of the family , `` I have an announcement . Meg Griffin 's plane was shot down over the Sea of Japan . It spun in . There were no survivors . `` [ 12 ]
In 1997 , TV Guide included this episode in their list of the `` 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time , '' ranking it # 20 . [ 13 ]
In 2005 , TV Land included this episode as part of its `` Top 100 Most Unexpected Moments in TV History '' , ranking it # 15 . [ 14 ]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Not everybody , not every kid gets to go back to Bloomington , Illinois . Fifty thousand – we left fifty thousand boys in Korea – and we realized it was right for the show , because the premise of our show was the wastefulness of the war . Gene Reynolds [ 15 ]
While `` Abyssinia , Henry '' is well known for the departure of McLean Stevenson from the series , it was also the final episode in which Wayne Rogers appeared . During the summer 1975 break between seasons three and four , he quit the series . 20th Century Fox sued him for breach of contract , but the lawsuit collapsed . [ 16 ] The character of Trapper John McIntyre was subsequently written off the series in `` Welcome to Korea , '' the first episode of the next season . [ 17 ]
As a result , when the cast returned to begin filming the series ' fourth season in September 1975 , there were major changes in both the makeup and the direction of the show : The more earnest and faithful family man Captain B.J . Hunnicutt ( Mike Farrell ) had replaced Trapper John , and the regular Army Colonel Sherman Potter ( Harry Morgan ) had replaced Henry Blake as commander of the 4077th . Another change to the composition of the show occurred in the elevation of longtime recurring guest cast member Jamie Farr , who played Corporal Maxwell Q. Klinger , to the regular cast , with his name being featured on the opening credits . Episodes following this represented a major change in focus for the show : The individual effects and psychological damages of war were explored more , often in parallel to the ending of the Vietnam War , and the Korean culture was portrayed in greater depth than had been done before , instead of focusing on a `` boorish , military mindset '' as before . [ 18 ]
In general , the show began to take on a more serious tone as a seriocomic ( or dramedy ) series , in which the focus was on the character rather than the character type , and moved away from its status as a situation comedy . [ 19 ]
Perhaps because he was n't busting out impressions , complaining about his birthday , or belittling the women on his tribe , Tyler Fredrickson kept a relatively low profile on this season of Survivor : Worlds Apart . But he was the biggest threat left without immunity , and that made him expendable .
Tyler was voted off last night after his biggest ally , Carolyn , decided to take him out when she had the chance . Was he surprised she turned on him ? We asked Tyler that when he called into Entertainment Weekly Radio ( SiriusXM , channel 105 ) this morning , and you can now hear the entire interview right here on the InsideTV Podcast by clicking on the audio player below . Here are a few highlights of the conversation :
On being voted out by Carolyn :
“ It was completely and utterly a blindsided . I do n't know if she did the right thing . I kind of felt that we had something golden going forward . ”
On whether he thought Carolyn might share her idol with him :
“ I think there may have been too much trust with me in regards to the idol . I 've seen seasons past where people used the idol in conjunction with somebody else , and it 's gone selflessly well . I was kind of hoping for that for Carolyn . Not to say that she was n't savvy enough , but I do n't think that was something that ever came on her radar . It came to the point where I realized and was like , holy cow , this is now an individual thing . She 's not really looking out for me here . And I 've been bringing her quite far—telling people… ‘ No , Carolyn does n't have an idol . She 's not a threat . ' And really sticking up for her . And it came back to bite me . ”
On toning down his bigger personality for the game :
“ That became my strategy . I wanted to be large and someone who could talk people in and out of things . And then I get out there and suddenly I 'm with people like Shirin and Dan , Mike , Rodney—these guys who want to be at the forefront of everything . I 'm not going to use the word ‘ tryhards , ' but people who were so excited to be on Survivor that they wanted to play to the cameras and be bigger . And suddenly I realized—there 's other people who do n't necessarily feel comfortable in that arena . And I thought , well , what if I can connect with them ? With the guys who were all , ‘ I do n't want to be about the show . I want to be about moving forward in this game ' ? It became extremely relational for me . I thought that everyone was looking for an ear.… That became my strategy . It was not to stand out and explode and be large , but it was to sit back and be quiet and be relatable . And suddenly I found myself going further and further in the game because almost every single person at one point or another on this cast this season trusted me . For me , that 's a win , even though I 'm in seventh . ”
On the ugly comments from Dan and Will toward Shirin :
“ We are a close cast . Some people have said we 're one of the closest casts in the history of the show , if not the closest cast . A couple of these episodes have broken that apart a little bit . It 's been very difficult to watch . Not only from the sense that I 'm watching some of my friends get into really huge arguments and things that are probably over the line a bit , but also because we had so much fun . There was so much strategy . There was so much laughter . There were jokes . There were impressions . There was incredible game play . And I think a lot of that has been overshadowed , unfortunately , by issues that are obviously extremely important and very much in the zeitgeist right now . But I 'm slightly torn because I want to see more interesting stuff .
“ I 've got a couple of friends who have never watched the seasons before , and they 've tuned in and they 're telling me , ‘ Hey , great episode but I had to let you know—I fast-forwarded though a lot of the scenes tonight or last week or the week before . ' And that kills me , because I 've never fast-forwarded through Survivor in my life ! I 'm drawn to every single minute ! But people are saying , ‘ Hey , very difficult to watch . It 's not fun to watch . You have a family show on network television , primetime TV , and I 'm fast-forwarding because it 's too difficult . ' Again , not to take away from the difficult issues we should be discussing—but I feel like a lot of the goodness , a lot of what drew us all as fans of Survivor to start with was overshadowed by some very , very heavy stuff . And for me it just sort of sucked the life a lot from what is known—or should be known—as a really strategic , fun season . ”
On what might happen when Jeff brings up the ugly comments at the reunion :
“ I do n't know how or what Jeff is going to say or how he is going to approach it , but I know that everybody is thinking about that . I plan on getting on the phone with Dan and Will in the next few weeks and talking them though it , and being an ear for them . Shirin and I have had great conversations , and Shirin has an incredible support network up in the Bay . So I would love to see things be handled intelligently and patiently , but as you guys are well aware , we 've got incredibly explosive personalities—people who feel like their voices were n't necessarily heard or respected by the edit , and it 's up to them to deal with the issues and work though them as they see fit . “
To listen to the entire interview , click on the audio player below . ( The ‘ Survivor ' discussion and interview begins at the 30 minute mark . ) But first , we sit down with Bart Simpson . And Ralph Wiggum . And Nelson Muntz . And Chucky from Rugrats . Because they 're all the same person ! Or at least voiced by the same person , Nancy Cartwright . Nancy popped by the studio to talk The Simpsons and her career in voice acting , and busts out a few of her famous characters in the process .
We stay with the funny by talking to comedy legend—and host of Showtime 's Inside Comedy—David Steinberg . Do all great comedians have a dark side ? Why was he partially responsible for getting the Smothers Brothers canceled ? What was it like getting the seal of approval from Johnny Carson ? And which interview has he done on his show that surprised him the most ? It 's a great chat you will not want to miss . ( The Steinberg interview begins at the 15:45 mark . )
You can listen to the whole podcast below . Or , since we 're on iTunes , you can subscribe for free and take the podcast with you . No iTunes ? No problem . You can also download the entire podcast right here . To send a question to the InsideTV Podcast team , follow us on Twitter @ InsideTVPodcast . And to hear more interviews and television discussion and debate , check out Entertainment Weekly Radio on SiriusXM , channel 105 .
WASHINGTON — In the days since the dramatic congressional testimony last week by James B. Comey , the former F.B.I . director , numerous questions have swirled about the role that Attorney General Jeff Sessions played in Mr. Comey 's firing , as well as how much Mr . Sessions may be enmeshed in the bureau 's Russia investigation .
Senators will have the opportunity to confront Mr . Sessions about these topics on Tuesday , when the attorney general appears before the Senate Intelligence Committee . Members of the committee are expected to press Mr . Sessions about what he did — and did not do — after a private Oval Office meeting in February when President Trump reportedly asked Mr. Comey to end the F.B.I . 's investigation into Michael T. Flynn , the former national security adviser .
Mr . Sessions will almost certainly also be grilled on vague — and unsubstantiated — reports that he had a secret meeting with the Russian ambassador last year at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington . Mr . Sessions is expected to deny that the meeting took place .
Mr . Sessions initially told Congress that he had no contacts with Russian officials last year , but in March he was forced to acknowledge meeting the ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , on two occasions . A third meeting could prove devastating for the attorney general , who reportedly has already offered to resign .
lieutenantkatiejensenofficial :
lordtakason :
gorlt : it 's 2014 can we please stop pretending like it 's just a small majority of white people who are racist like please watch the news read a history book Its 2014 can we stop doing this thing where we stereotype based on skin colour ?
okay i need you to listen to me very very carefully because as a more or less typical white girl i kind of know what i 'm talking about when i say most of us are racist
and it 's highly inappropriate to come onto a post that was likely made in a moment of someone 's pain and turn it around and make it about ourselves .
the fact is we are born in a society that favors us for our white skin , and EVEN IF , despite being born here , we are actively engaged in not being racist jerks , we still benefit from our whiteness . the more likely scenario is that we commit little injustices every day based in racism that we may not even aware of .
instead of coming onto posts like this and turning it around from what OP is saying - which is to stop living in denial and learn about how we 're often doing real damage to people of color - you and i and other white people need to make a commitment to change our behavior and our thinking so that we stop hurting people of color .
if you have any more questions i 'm glad to answer them to the best of my knowledge but please ask me privately because OP does n't need to have their post dragged through the mud .
Image copyright Rossiya 24
Colourful Russian TV weatherman Vadim Zavodchenkov has told protesters in Ukraine that they risk cancer from inhaling burning tyre smoke , it seems .
Zavodchenkov made the claims on state television channel Rossiya 24 , which is widely seen as a mouthpiece for the Russian government .
People warming themselves by burning car tyres should realise they contain carcinogens , and are classified as `` grade-four dangerous goods '' , he said .
The weatherman first hit the headlines in early December when he said wintry weather was to blame for `` aggression and illegal acts '' at the anti-government demonstrations in Kiev .
Mr Zavodchenkov appealed to the `` radicals '' - as the Russian official media call the protesters - to stop releasing this `` deadly cocktail of smoke '' into the atmosphere and go home .
Despite the advice , and temperatures approaching -16°C , the protests have continued in Kiev and are spreading to other Ukrainian cities .
Use # NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
The Background
St.Ambroise sold a couple of years back to Brasseurs RJ and the quality has kept up . Originally helmed by Peter McAuslan and Ellen Bounsall , the beers have been and continue to be largely English in their influence . While we tend to see a lot of Belgian influence in some of the newer breweries in Quebec , there was a period fairly early on in the craft beer renaissance when a lot of the styles were English . They seem to be one of the first Quebec craft breweries to have realized that they can put their beer in cans in that market and it 's a real strength for them . In Ontario , where the can is rapidly becoming king , it just means that they can compete on an even playing field .
St.Ambroise continues to expand their product list . They 've come out with an IPA and a double IPA and most recently a Session IPA ( because if you do n't do that , the beer police will come in the night . ) Their fruit beers are complex and interesting and their Russian Imperial Stout and Vintage Ales continue to do them proud . There 's a hell of a lot to be said for consistency . While some of their beers are probably not to everyone 's taste , they 're very representative of the brewery 's character over the long term .
The Beer
St.Ambroise , despite their well-deserved reputation for quality , were apparently apprehensive about releasing this beer to market . This is odd as the person who wanted them to brew it was larger than life bon vivant Martin Picard of Au Pied du Cochon and Cabane Sucre fame . When you think about it , a maple beer is ideal for his winter Sugar Shack . Also , I figure it 'd be hard to say no to a guy that large and friendly .
I 'll be honest . There are n't a lot of maple beers that I like . I 'm not sure that I 'd drink more than a couple of the St-Ambroise Maple in a year , although I 'll gladly recommend it and I 'll tell you why : Subtlety .
At a recent tasting I had a sip of a Maple beer from Flying Monkeys called Acadian Groove that was all that was maple . They might end up chugging it in Super Troopers 2 . It replicated perfectly the effect of syrup and if you had poured it on your pancakes I am not convinced that you would have been able to tell the difference . Maple requires a deft hand because it can so easily overpower the beer or get fermented almost entirely out of the beer if added at the wrong point in the brew . If you want to go extreme on it , you can easily do so , but I 'll ask that you time it for Shrove Tuesday .
Erable manages to balance the sweetness of the maple syrup by bridging it to the crystal malt in the beer and then letting the Willamette hops scrub the palate a little . It 's a good choice because they 're earthy and peppery . You ca n't use a hop that resembles coniferous flavours in a deciduous beer . It makes no sense . There 's still a lingering cloud of retronasal maple at the finish , but it 's quite reasonable compared to shotgunning a can of Canada no . 1 Extra Light .
The Arbitrarily Chosen Score Based on Various Criteria
Not today . Instead we 're doing :
Food Pairing
Barry Pletch , McAuslan 's Ontario representative , asked me what I would pair with the Maple Beer . I 'm a Cicerone , so I ought to know what to do with it , but it sort of sat at the back of my mind taunting me for a couple of days .
The obvious choice here is to stare at Martin Picard 's menu and steal something beautiful . Let 's do that for a second by clicking here . I think that the sweetness needs something to offset it . A lot of the stuff on the menu is going to be rich and fatty Quebecois fare of the type that sticks to your ribs . I 'd be tempted to go with the Blue Cheese , Apple and Endive salad if only because the salt and funk of the blue cheese would treat the maple like a dessert flavour while the bitter Endive freshens between bites . Otherwise , there 's the Duck Magret in mushroom sauce which would be rich enough to stand up to the beer if not stop it in its tracks . Rich , earthy , but you 're probably working to the hop profile at the expense of the maple .
Then I had a less obvious thought .
You know when you 're walking along the street and suddenly you smell maple ? That used to happen in another life when I worked over at Don Mills and Eglinton near a spice processing factory . It turns out that 's because when they processed fenugreek , you 'd get this odd maple aroma floating through the air . If you eat enough fenugreek leaves , you 'll actually begin to smell like maple . This is down to a chemical called Sotolon .
Fenugreek is pretty exotic and tends to be used in Armenia , Iran and bits and pieces of North Africa and India . That 's why I 'm switching from Martin Picard to a different Canadian chef , Vikram Vij . This recipe for Marinated Lamb Chops with Fenugreek Cream Curry looks to me like it would bridge the gap nicely by making the maple the communal flavour element between the beer and the dish . Both food and drink should have enough other stuff going to be able to pull in separate directions without breaking apart .
Warning : your coworkers might refer to you as Pancake Jimmy for a few days .
The Baltimore Ravens drafted runningback Kenneth Dixon in the fourth round of the 2016 NFL Draft ( 134th overall out of Louisiana Tech ) and he may very well be the favorite to win the starting spot at his position during the 2016 preseason . Dixon is that good . When you look at Dixon , his game is very similar to what former Ravens runningback Ray Rice was for this team especially from 2008-2012 .
Rice was an all-purpose back for the Ravens playing all three downs . His size and quickness allowed him to squeeze through small running lanes and bursting open for a big gain in the process . Rice had the ability to create room where there was no room . Rice led the NFL in yards from scrimmage from 2009-2012 . Dixon , who has 87 career touchdowns in college ( Second in NCAA history to his Ravens teammate in Keenan Reynolds who has 88 ) has the trait of a pass catching runningback
Ravens runningback Justin Forsett , who has been the starter in of the last seasons , has the intelligence and the ability to fit through small running lanes . Forsett however does not have the pass catching ability the Dixon has . That 's OK because there are not a lot of runningbacks in the NFL who have the pass catching abilities that Dixon has .
The biggest problem that Dixon has ( Like Ravens backup runningback Buck Allen ) is taking care of the football . Over his last three seasons at Louisiana Tech , Dixon had 13 fumbles and if he wants to showcase his talents , he is going to need to take care of the football . Ravens head coach John Harbaugh disciplined Allen in week 15 against the Kansas City Chiefs after fumbling the football two weeks in a row .
Overall
The runningback spot for the Ravens looks like an open competition from the outside looking in . The Ravens do not have a long term investment at the position so it is easy for the team to take a wait and see approach and let every player involved fight for a right to stay on the team .
Oil prices fell 4.6 percent on Wednesday after U.S. government data showed a 10th straight week in crude builds , but traders cautioned of volatility ahead of this week 's OPEC meeting from suggestions of any production cuts .
Crude also hit session lows , breaking below $ 40 a barrel , after the release of the Fed 's Beige Book .
The dollar 's surge to 12½-year highs after pro-rate hike comments by U.S. Federal Reserve Chairperson Janet Yellen also weighed on oil and other dollar-denominated commodities , as it makes them less affordable to those holding the euro and other currencies .
U.S. crude oil inventories rose 1.2 million barrels last week , for a tenth straight week on higher imports and in spite of a jump in refining rates that also boosted stocks of gasoline and distillates , data from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) showed .
`` It is another data point to a continued glut in the U.S. markets for oil as production declines remain stubborn even with oil prices hovering at current levels for a significant amount of time now , '' Chris Jarvis , analyst at Caprock Risk Management in Frederick , Maryland said .
Inventories at the Cushing , Oklahoma , delivery hub for U.S. crude futures accounted for a third of the build , rising 428,000 barrels , the EIA reported .
Linda Brown stands outside the racially segregated Sumner Elementary School in Topkea , Kansas in 1953 . When her enrollment was blocked , her family initiated the landmark Civil Rights lawsuit 'Brown V. Board of Education . '
Sixty-two years after Brown v. Board of Education found school segregation unconstitutional , a federal court has ordered a Mississippi school district to finally complete the process of integration , ruling that the town 's three previous attempts to resolve its racial divisions were insufficient .
In a 96-page ruling released last Friday , U.S. District Judge Debra Brown ordered the town of Cleveland , Mississippi , to integrate its two high schools , one of which is 100 percent black , and its two middle schools , one of which is 99.6 percent black . Cleveland 's racial divide is the legacy of a railroad running through the town , The Washington Post reports , splitting its roughly 12,000 residents into a largely white area to the west and a black area to the east . The lawsuit was just one of dozens of open de-segregation cases being investigated by the U.S. Justice Department in Mississippi alone , NBC News reports .
The school districts had argued that a move to de-segregate the schools would lead to “ white flight , ” with white families pulling their children from public schools and placing them in private or charter schools . Instead , the district proposed a system to encourage diversity through magnet programs .
In her ruling , Brown vehemently disagreed that this would work , pointing to five decades ' worth of stunted progress . “ The delay in desegregation has deprived generations of students of the constitutionally-guaranteed right of an integrated education , ” Brown wrote , referring to the first lawsuit filed against Cleveland to de-segregate its schools—more than 50 years ago .
“ Although no court order can right these wrongs , it is the duty of the district to ensure that not one more student suffers under this burden , ” she added .
Let 's improve the care that is important to patients .
SALT LAKE CITY — Jordan Gaddis listens to her son more carefully than most .
On the playground , as 3-year-old Graham scrambles around the swing or the slide , she listens for shortness of breath . At night , when he 's sleeping , Gaddis strains to hear his coughs . And in the mornings , when she drops Graham off with his nanny and says goodbye , Gaddis listens for the asthmatic wheeze that indicates , maybe , that something is wrong .
`` My ear is trained to listen to what his breathing sounds like , '' she said .
It 's a scenario that any parent who has a child with asthma knows . But now families have a little help predicting the next time an asthma attack might hit . It 's due to a tracking tool developed by University of Utah physician and researcher Dr. Flory Nkoy .
The tool is part of a new trend in medicine focusing on patient-centered care .
In patient-centered research , `` parents or patients become the experts , '' Nkoy said .
His study is funded by a $ 1.9 million grant from the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute , an organization created through President Barack Obama 's health care law to support medical research driven by patients .
In the institute 's philosophy , patients are involved in every step of the research process . That includes everything from sitting on grant review boards to shaping the research questions that will be asked .
More often than not , patients are also the ones tracking their symptoms and reporting the data back to doctors themselves .
With the eAsthma Tracker , parents told Nkoy that they 'd like an electronic tool to track their children 's symptoms every week that would send the data directly to their providers .
`` They live with the program , they live with the disease , '' Nkoy said . `` They know all the struggles , all the problems , and also — sometimes — help address it better . ''
For Gaddis , a new mom with a sick baby , the first year was a scary one .
Graham contracted RSV twice before he was 6 months old . For the first year of his life , he was `` tethered to his oxygen '' and Gaddis was getting up every night to check his breathing .
When doctors finally sent Graham home with an `` asthma action plan , '' Gaddis felt scared and unprepared .
`` They 're like , 'OK , we think he has this — go home , ' '' she said . `` And you just feel kind of set free in the world and you do n't know that much about it . ''
A year and a half ago , Gaddis joined the eAsthma trial and began recording Graham 's breathing patterns , medicine use , sleeping habits and more on the app .
Each week , the tool crunches the data and determine 's Graham 's risk of an asthma attack as green , yellow or red . The program sends the data directly to the patient 's doctor .
Once , Graham 's pediatrician saw his risk level rising and called Gaddis directly . They agreed that Graham should start prednisone , and Graham 's asthma risk soon returned to safe levels , his mother said .
`` It just makes me feel like there 's something that I can do to help control a little bit better , '' she said . `` I 'm sort of a team with the provider . ''
Since Gaddis started using the tracker regularly about a year ago , Graham has been stable .
`` The current model without the asthma tracker is waiting for a patient to have an asthma attack , '' Nkoy said . `` Let 's try to prevent the problem early . ''
Earlier studies have shown that regular use of the asthma tracker slashed emergency department visits by two-thirds , according to Nkoy .
This time , in addition to reporting their child 's symptoms , parents are also recording missed school days , work interruptions and hospital visits due to asthma .
Those were ideas that patients themselves came up with at a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute retreat to discuss the design of the study , Nkoy said .
Dr. Joseph Johnson , a pediatrician who uses the asthma tracker tool with 25 of his patients , said the tool helps patients figure out their asthma triggers and helps him tailor medication for the individual .
`` When they come in for their visits , rather than trying to remember what happened two months ago , we have the record that shows your control was good here or it was n't very good here , '' Johnson said .
Gaddis , for example , combines the tracker with air quality and weather data . She now knows , with striking precision , how Graham 's asthma risk changes in relation to air pollution or cold temperatures .
That 's allowed Graham 's pediatrician to make small adjustments to his medication when needed .
In addition to Nkoy , several Utah researchers have research institute grants for other projects that aim to enhance diabetes care for Hispanic patients , educate people on how to self-screen for melanoma and improve how patients prepare for and recover from surgery .
The data , perhaps , is n't as clean as if you collected it in a lab experiment with mice , said Dr. Sarah Woolsey , a family physician who is one of the institute 's biggest local champions .
But Woolsey said patient-centered data can be much more meaningful .
Patients often care about different things than researchers , Woolsey explained . After a surgical procedure , for example , doctors are obsessed with measuring how fast they can get you back home .
`` But for you , what 's important when you go home is , 'Can you walk your dog ? ' '' Woolsey said . `` For a patient , it 's what the quality of their life is when they go home . ''
How do researchers measure those kinds of outcomes — the ones that really matter to patients ?
On March 15 , Woolsey is organizing a conference in contract with Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute at the University of Utah . Doctors , researchers and community members are invited to talk about their experiences managing their health issues .
Anybody who wants to make the medical community aware about a problem or experience is welcome , Woolsey said .
It 's about putting patients `` in the driver 's seat or in the passenger 's seat so they 're along for the ride , '' Woolsey said . `` They 're co-piloting this . ''
Woolsey , who serves mostly low-income and uninsured patients at Community Health Centers , learned early on that putting the patient first can lead to better care .
One of her patients , a woman , struggled to control her diabetes . Woolsey realized that the patient was distracted by her teenage son 's problems in school . It was n't until Woolsey and a colleague found a therapist for the patient 's son that the woman started to take care of her own health , she said .
`` For me , prescribing a counselor for her son was the avenue to treating her diabetes , '' Woolsey said .
The Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute philosophy , according to Woolsey , is simple : Listen .
`` Let 's improve care , '' Woolsey said . `` But let 's improve the care that is important to patients . ''
Twitter : DaphneChen_
When you grow up in a family that 's devoted to hot rods and custom cars it 's easy to see where the influence came from indoctrinating you into the hobby . For Ron Ellis of Wilson , New York , it was commonplace for his family to be on the road to countless rodding events accented by trips to the dragstrip during his formative years . This easily fueled the overall experience with plenty of daily excitement fused with the adrenalin rush generated from the sounds of hopped-up V-8s . It literally took every model kit he 'd built at the kitchen table and brought them to life when he walked into the family garage where everything from a 1940 Ford Tudor sedan was being worked on right next to a 1940 Willys pickup or a radical Chevelle .
Being a hands-on hot rod family , Ron spent plenty of time in the shop holding a wrench , which led to bleeding brakes and even learning the basics of bodywork . While attending a local car show during the late '70s he came face to face with a 1942 Willys Gasser packed with a 383ci V-8 . The car , coated in silver metallic gloss with candy red flames made such an impression that he had his picture taken with it . Without a doubt it became his benchmark for the ultimate hot rod .
By the time he reached high school he bought his first car , a 1966 Nova SS followed by a 1929 Ford pickup . Then one day it happened , while driving home in the family car his dad sighted what he thought was a Willys coupe parked alongside a house on a side road . Turns out it was the same silver 1942 Willys he worshipped since he was a youngster , although the car was sitting out in the elements , as much as they tried it could n't be bought for a fair price . He kept tabs on the car after graduating from college but eventually it disappeared from the local landscape . Fate works in strange ways though and years later while researching to buy another coupe a series of calls led him to a disassembled 1942 Willys that was waiting to be converted to Pro-Street . Finally coming face to face with the car he chased for decades gave him the opportunity to make a deal and haul it home .
Having built the car hundreds of times in his mind since he was a young it was time to get started . For a rock solid base the original frame was stripped clean and boxed for added strength while also incorporating custom tubular crossmembers . Out back a Ford 9-inch packed with 4.10 gears and Moser Engineering 31-spline axles is suspended in place by custom 44-inch ladder bars combined with Aldan American coilover shocks and Panhard bar . To set the perfect Gasser stance up front a MAS Racing straight axle was deftly matched to stainless 1940 Ford spindles along with parallel leaf springs and tube shocks from Pete & Jakes . To slow the speed , a GM dual master pushes fluid though custom stainless lines to ECI discs and calipers up front with Ford drums out back . Linking it all to the street you 'll find a set of classic 15-inch Halibrand Sprint wheels wearing Mickey Thompson rubber .
Nothing makes more of a statement under the hood better than a supercharged Hemi V-8 . Starting with a 392ci block it was massaged to 398 ci by K-S Auto of Tonawanda , New York , and filled with a stock crank linked to stock rods wearing 8.0:1 Ross Racing forged aluminum pistons urged by cam from Hot Heads . Warmed-over factory heads make plenty of power while a Weiand 6-71 supercharger sitting on a Cragar intake fed by a pair of Holley 750-cfm carbs delivers plenty of punch . It sparks to life with a Mallory Unilite ignition and dumps spent gases through custom fenderwell headers to a polished 3-inch stainless exhaust with mufflers from Stainless Specialties . Power moves rearward through a reworked TH400 trans by Competition Transmission Services of Tonawanda to a custom driveshaft .
When it came to addressing the body Ron got lucky . Once stripped clean it revealed perfect panels , rockers , and floors . When purchased the coupe came with a tilt nose , which was n't going to fit into style of the build , so an original all-steel front end was sourced . Working alongside good friend Dave Remian of New Market , Ontario , Canada , the pair meticulously tended to the vintage sheetmetal while also setting all the gaps . Remian also massaged the rear wheel openings as well . Ron then continued on , fabricating the recessed polished stainless steel firewall . Once complete Ellis worked with John Duemmer of Newfane to prepare the body and lay down the mile-deep coating of PPG black gloss . Inside it 's all business with the factory dash filled with restored gauges from United Speedometer along with a dash-mounted Sun tach . Steering moves through a Bell-style wheel mounted to a modified column from LimeWorks Speed Shop meeting a Flaming River box and shifts flying through a vintage B & M unit . RCI Racing bucket seats were covered in classic pleated black vinyl along with the rest of the interior by Dave 's Trim Shop of Lockport while Ellis did all the wiring . He completed it working with Tom Thorne to create and install the six-point rollbar . This is one mean Street Shaker cruising the streets of New York .
Work is done on the overpass above U.S. 97 as part of the Oregon Department of Transportation 's Murphy Road extension project in 2014 . The state has chosen a contractor to audit ODOT , a key step towards getting a road funding proposal before the 2017 Legislature . ( Joe Kline / Bulletin file photo ) 2909525
Work is done on the overpass above U.S. 97 as part of the Oregon Department of Transportation 's Murphy Road extension project in 2014 . The state has chosen a contractor to audit ODOT , a key step towards getting a road funding proposal before the 2017 Legislature . ( Joe Kline / Bulletin file photo ) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Taylor W. Anderson The Bulletin
SALEM — Oregon , we have liftoff .
After spending the better part of a year trying to get an audit of the Oregon Department of Transportation off the ground , the state has chosen a contractor to dig into the agency and send its findings to the Legislature by March , just as lawmakers will try to launch a major roads funding bill .
Oregon chose the New York-based firm McKinsey & Co. , which comes with a nearly $ 1 million price tag , after two false starts .
Digging into the agency is central to the effort to pass a road-funding package when the Legislature convenes in February because some lawmakers say they do n't see how they could support a transportation proposal without an independent audit of the $ 3.7 billion agency .
While Gov . Kate Brown called for a full , independent review of the agency last November , the state has struggled even to pick a contractor for the job .
The newest contract is nearly three times more expensive than one initially offered to John L. Craig Consulting this summer .
Craig 's bid was rejected after officials learned he sent an email to Oregon Transportation Commission Chairwoman Tammy Baney indicating he was interested in replacing the agency 's longtime director , Matt Garrett .
Craig , former director of Kentucky 's transportation department , also managed a billion-dollar bridge replacement program for ODOT .
Before that , the state picked a Pennsylvania-based consultant but quickly backed off in the hopes of getting more applicants for the contract .
Brown and Baney , who is also a Deschutes County commissioner , created a committee of transportation experts and former legislators to oversee the auditing effort . The committee apparently does n't exist anymore .
“ I have heard absolutely nothing , ” said Vicki Berger , a former legislator who is on the committee . “ It 's dead to me now , if you will . ”
Brown on Aug. 11 told Susan Morgan , a Transportation Commission commissioner who chaired the committee , that the Department of Administrative Services would take over the process . Bryan Hockaday , Brown 's spokesman , said in an email Thursday the committee had concluded its work .
— Reporter : 406-589-4347 ,
tanderson @ bendbulletin.com
15132084
When the predictive superstar Nate Silver announced last summer that he would defect from the New York Times , it began a wave of new , new money-backed “ personal brand ” journalism startups that launch in earnest with FiveThirtyEight on ESPN next week . This was supposed to be a good thing . “ A very luxurious situation ” indeed .
When word leaked a few months later that the billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar would be joining forces with Glenn Greenwald , he had to clarify that the then-unnamed First Look Media would amount to something bigger than one man , a “ long-term effort to build a new and exciting platform for journalism ” and contribute to “ the greater good ” .
When political pundit Ezra Klein left the Washington Post earlier this year for a new “ Project X ” in explanatory journalism backed by Vox Media , he told the Times , “ We are just at the beginning of how journalism should be done online. ” Oh , and “ we 're hiring ” !
Well , Project X may now be called Vox , but the great VC-backed media blitz of 2014 is staffed up and soft-launching , and it looks a lot more like Projects XY . Indeed , it 's impossible not to notice that in the Bitcoin rush to revolutionize journalism , the protagonists are almost exclusively – and increasingly – male and white .
To be sure , the internet has presented journalists with an extraordinary opportunity to remake their own profession . And the rhetoric of the new wave of creativity in journalism is spattered with words that denote transformation . But the new micro-institutions of journalism already bear the hallmarks of the restrictive heritage they abandoned with such glee . At the risk of being the old bat in the back , allow me to quote Faye Dunaway 's character from Network :
Look , all I 'm saying is if you 're going to hustle , at least do it right .
Of the many others who have eloped from the portals of the industrial presses to big , shiny and new things ( as in , not Yahoo or The Information ) , the sole female top editor or founder is Kara Swisher at Re/code . And she is running that technology site collaboratively with a man , Walt Mossberg . At First Look , behind-the-scenes Laura Poitras is one of two main female names on a virtual masthead that just added John Cook from Gawker ( to run Greenwald 's magazine ) to join Matt Taibbi of Rolling Stone ( to lead his own ) . At Vox , the female hire making early headlines with Klein 's departure was his co-founder Melissa Bell , a back-end publishing expert whose work for Klein 's Wonkblog was “ unglamorous but considered vital ” .
It is not just the four new ( and still exciting ) breakout projects of the year : Vice , Quartz , Buzzfeed , Politico , Grantland - these , too , are led by white men , and filled with more of them .
It is as if Arianna Huffington never happened . Or as if diversity of leadership and ownership did not really matter , as long as the data-driven , responsively designed new news becomes a radical and successful enough departure from the drab anecdote laden guff put out by those other men .
“ I was about to feel outside the club , ” Klein opinies in a new video on his site , of opening up a complex newspaper story back in the day , confused and uninformed . “ This is a real problem . And it 's not a problem we could solve in print . ”
Says the man who , at last rough count and including his four latest additions , had hired 10 men for regular bylined work to three women – plus himself .
“ Clubhouse chemistry is important , ” Silver said when he talked to Time.com last week about his own rigorous hires , which he posts gleefully on his dummy site . Last count : six women on the 19-person editorial staff . By the sophisticated math of this pundit – and Silver hates pundits – that is just under over 30 % . Minorities – as , after all , women are a majority – are even more poorly served , at FiveThirtyEight and elsewhere .
A clubhouse . Do we really still have to have one of those ? And does the importance of clubhouse chemistry really override the need for a more thorough look at the statistical make-up of its membership ?
Klein has already responded to one call to do better , with an acknowledgement of the diversity problem . ( Today , he hired another woman . ) And this is not to lay all the ills of society at the doors of marquee journalists striking out on their own : no doubt there are earnest intentions to produce good work . But it is curious that the whiff of testosterone hanging round the whiteboard has not been sufficiently challenged . Just look at the tech companies and VC funds that distribute money to startups like those in media this year , and you 'll see a similar – if not even greater – problem when it comes to women looking to get funded .
Maybe it is the fault of legacy media for failing to make enough women “ marquee journalists ” in the first place . Being a “ personal brand ” superstar journalist is a harder path for women to negotiate , not just through the closure of institutional opportunity , but also through the bruising nature of internet discourse , which can represent an entirely different and much less civilised clubhouse than the equitable one Nate Silver is building at ESPN with so much fanaticism that he hires by chart .
Women tend to have to choose in the newsroom , even digital-first newsrooms : serve others , as an editor or commissioner , or be your own presence as a journalist/columnist/blogger . The leadership in the new ( new ) journalism do both , and their founders would not for one second have thought they had to choose .
Remaking journalism in its own image , only with better hair and tighter clothes , is not a revolution , or even an evolution . It is a repackaging of the status quo with a very nice clubhouse attached . A revolution calls for a regime change of more significant depth .
( Reuters ) - Here is a sentence I never thought I 'd write : Hedge funds , activists to be specific , are a very good thing .
There has been a boomlet of activist investing headlines , good and bad . Bill Ackman quit the board of his money-losing project JC Penney after a battle over leadership on Tuesday , the same day BeaconLight Capital tore into management of Jos . A . Bank and Carl Icahn announced on Twitter that he had taken a position in Apple and was seeking a bigger share buyback program .
A mixed bag , to be sure , with plenty of ammunition for activists and also for their critics , who often accuse them of coming in for a short-term pop in shares and then leaving behind weakened companies .
A new study , however , shows that not only do activist hedge funds prompt short-term gains in the shares of the companies they pressure , they do it without hurting longer-term returns and while improving long-term operating performance .
The data is good enough , and the idea compelling enough , that the technique of holding managements ' feet to the fire by investors may turn out to be the great hope of the besieged actively managed investment industry . In other words the take-away may not be for all of us to pile into activist hedge funds but instead to push our existing pension and mutual funds to adopt the same tactics .
The study , by Lucian Bebchuk of Harvard , Alon Brav of Duke , and Wei Jiang of Columbia , looked at the data from about 2,000 interventions by activist hedge funds between 1994-2007 , looking not just at performance before and just after , but for five years from the date of the intervention . ( here
The data tells a pretty good story for the activists . In the 20 days either side of an SEC filing revealing that an activist had taken a position in a stock , the shares get more than 6 percent abnormal , or extra , return . That effect has been known for a while , but where the study really is compelling is in upending claims that activists somehow achieve short-term gains at the expense of longer-term underperformance .
“ Measuring the third , fourth and fifth year following the start of an activist intervention , operating performance tends to be better , not worse , than during the pre-intervention period , ” the authors write .
HOW TO PLAY IT
Perhaps even better , using a classic Capital Asset Pricing Model to estimate out-performance , the study found that firms which were the target of an intervention actually outperformed by a small but significant amount during both the three and five years after the month of the SEC filing . That compares to a CAPM underperformance during the three years before . The study also found no evidence that activist investors were pumping and dumping , as returns tended to stay positive after partial sales of the hedge funds ' stakes .
What seems to be true is that a disproportionate part of the stock market outperformance comes in the initial short period after an activist makes its investment public . That might possibly be because the market is discounting better future shareholder-friendly behavior , or might be because of some of the tactics activists use , such as pushing for special dividends .
So the big question is : if we can agree that activist investors improve overall company performance and stock market returns , then how best should an individual play this ?
I am uncomfortable recommending investing in activist hedge funds for a variety of reasons . Costs are high and the best ones , like Carl Icahn , probably wo n't take your money anyway .
But why should shareholder activism have to be the special preserve of hedge funds anyway ? It does n't . California Public Employees ' Retirement System ( CalPERS ) has been doing this for decades , and has pushed for more cooperative pressure with other pension funds .
Last November , California State Teachers ' Retirement System ( CalSTRS ) cooperated with activist Relational Investors LLC to call for diversified manufacturer Timken Co to split its steel and bearings businesses into separately traded companies .
And while the risks are high - just look at JC Penney - there is nothing about this business that would preclude a traditional mutual fund from engaging in it .
Too many actively managed funds are closet indexers with high costs , trying to beat the index by picking stocks . If , as some predict , we are in an extended period of structurally low returns in financial markets , the small gains wrung from shareholder activism will prove all the more valuable .
And remember , a pension or endowment might be able to take a different attitude towards activism , pushing for better treatment of shareholders with a long-term view , rather than seeking to unlock value and move on .
Paying for activist management of company management , as opposed to active fund management which simply votes with its feet by buying and selling , might be a long-term trend with big scope for growth .
( At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article . He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund . You can email him at jamessaft @ jamessaft.com and find more columns at blogs.reuters.com/james-saft )
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
COLUMBUS ( WCMH ) -- Cricket Wireless said Saturday morning that service has been restored after a widespread outage .
Customers nationwide were reporting that they have no service .
Reports of outages first started around 4 p.m. Friday . Customers were restored around 10 a.m. EST Saturday .
# CricketNation , service has been fully restored . Technicians worked around the clock to resolve the issue . We sincerely apologize . - Cricket Wireless ( @ Cricketnation ) June 4 , 2016
We apologize again for any loss of service . You may need to power your phones off
and then back on to restore service . - Cricket Wireless ( @ Cricketnation ) June 4 , 2016
Many customers turned to social media to vent their frustrations over the outage and a perceived lack of communication from the prepaid wireless carrier .
@ Cricketnation how am I to be compensated for the 12+ hours that I have now been without phone service ? This is a HUGE inconvenience 🤔😑😒 - Peezo ( @ SteelTown_P ) June 4 , 2016
Cricket Wireless is REALLY living up to their name today . All crickets with this outage . My bill better be just as quiet too . @ Cricketnation - Yung Caininitti ( @ CainMcCoy ) June 4 , 2016
Cricket Wireless is a prepaid phone provider that operates on the AT & T network . It has operated as a subsidiary of AT & T since AT & T purchased the company in 2014 .
The Jeep + Robby the Robot from Forbidden Planet – 1956 Reading time : about 3 minutes . American
Cars
Films
Retro
This is the original Jeep and Robby the Robot ( suit ) from the exceedingly influential 1956 science fiction film Forbidden Planet – Amazingly they 're coming up for public sale as a twofer , and it 's hard to imagine they wo n't be front and centre on the radar for every serious sci-fi collector in the world .
The film Forbidden Planet was groundbreaking when it was released in 1956 , and today it 's remembered as being important for a number of reasons : It was the first movie to depict humans traveling faster than light in a human-built ship , it was entirely set on another planet and in space with no scenes on Earth , Robby the Robot was the first advanced cinema robot ( not just a tin man suit ) , and the musical score was made up of 100 % electronic music .
The reason both Robby and the Jeep are being offered as a single lot is because they can function as a single unit – with Robby standing inside the front section of the Jeep , which can open and close like a saloon door to allow entry and exit .
The Forbidden Planet Jeep
The styling of the Jeep was advanced for the 1950s and the idea of integrating a robot into a vehicle would famously be revisited with Luke Skywalker and his X-Wing with R2D2 onboard . The Jeep was originally drivable as can be seen in the film , but in more recent years it was pilfered by the props department who removed the engine and steering mechanism for another film .
Returning the Forbidden Planet Jeep to full operation would n't be particularly difficult for a well equipped shop , it was originally based on a Crosley car body so sourcing a period correct engine and other required parts would be relatively easy .
The body is a custom unit made mostly from wood that 's been painted silver , with twin Perspex windshields and matching seats , and the front robot gate that 's manually operated .
Robby The Robot
Robby the Robot cost MGM over $ 100,000 to design and build back in the mid-1950s – an astonishing amount of money back then , particularly considering the risk that was being taken on a big budget sci-fi film . He was designed by Robert Kinoshita , Arnold Gillespie , Irving Block , Mentor Huebner , and Arthur Lonergan – these men are today remembered for moving cinematic robot design into a whole new league of complexity .
Every part used to create Robby were created in MGM 's famous Prop Shop , with specially formed Royalite plastic used for the head , feet , and upper/lower torso . Each of the spheres is made of Lumarith ( acetate ) , and there 's an internal backpack-like brace allowing the weight to be supported by the person inside – which was either actor/stuntman Frankie Carpenter or former child star Frankie Darro , who took turns during filming .
Robby 's lights and gizmos were powered either by five 12 volt DC motors ( which were originally World War II military surplus ) , or by an external cable . He now comes with a series of spare parts , including the original Perspex dome which has now significantly yellowed with age .
If you 'd like to read more about Robby and his Jeep you can click here to visit the listing on Bonhams .
Images courtesy of Bonhams
If you are a man in North Korea , we sincerely hope you have a round face . It 's the shape that will work with your new haircut .
That new haircut is reportedly called the `` Dear Leader Kim Jong-un , '' modeled after—you guessed it—North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's impenetrable block of black hair atop his chubby cheeks . The style reportedly became a state-mandated guideline about two weeks ago , though experts familiar with the country have said there 's no evidence a new hairstyle rule has gone into effect .
If true , this new rule would be North Korea 's most stringent haircut restriction . However , it would n't be the first time the government has cracked down on what happens at the barber shop . Last year , North Korea limited the range of men 's hairstyles to 10 and women 's to 18 , though Kim 's was strangely not on the approved list . His hair was a bit longer in early 2013 , and some bangs occasionally escaped the gel that slicked them back .
Before Kim 's time , the BBC reports that his father and former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il led a television campaign against long hair called `` Let us trim our hair in accordance with Socialist lifestyle . '' Long hair sucks nutrients from people 's brains , according to the program . Also , it makes you look like a slob . The campaign even picked out individuals on camera who did n't look up to par , named them and broadcasted their addresses . When confronted , some of the long-haired North Koreans ran away .
The younger Kim 's government has declared that men should trim their hair every 15 days to ensure it never stops looking like their leader 's .
Are we facing the end of the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage ?
Many housing proponents say the government 's move to dismantle Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac means the most popular home loan will be more expensive . But how much more is a matter of debate .
These government-sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) live and work in the secondary mortgage market , where they keep primary lenders flush with cash by buying their loans and packaging them into securities for sale to investors worldwide .
Before digging deeper into the debate , a short primer : Although the long-term fixed-rate mortgage was born with the Federal Housing Administration — the government agency established in 1934 to help stabilize the then-shaky housing market — it was taken to its greatest heights by Fannie and Freddie , the two government-chartered institutions that were created years later to keep the money flowing for home loans .
Many housing proponents say that it will . Without the government 's backing , they contend that the 30-year mortgage will become a relic of a bygone era when mortgage money was cheap and easy to come by . But others say America 's most popular home loan will still be available — if you can afford it .
Reporting from Washington — Will the move to dismantle Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mean the end of the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage as we have come to know it ?
With their implicit government guarantee and their corresponding ability to attract cash even though they were offering a lower return than investors could earn elsewhere , the GSEs were , in effect , able to subsidize the 30-year mortgage , making it less expensive than it would have been otherwise .
That such government-backed loans are cheaper is evidenced by the difference in rates charged in the so-called jumbo sector , where mortgages in amounts above the legislated ceiling are off-limits to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . ( The limit is as high as $ 729,750 in some markets . It is due to fall back to $ 625,500 on Oct . 1 . )
According to HSH Associates , a mortgage information service , the spread between loans that conform to Fannie and Freddie 's limit and those that are over it is 54 basis points . ( A basis point is 1/100th of a percentage point . ) But the gap was as wide as 180 basis points as recently as December 2008 .
The long-term fixed-rate mortgage that meets the two GSEs ' rules also comes with a bonus , a no-cost prepayment option . Borrowers can trade them in at no cost for even less expensive loans when market rates fall or otherwise pay them off without penalty .
Normally investors shy from buying loans with this feature — or demand higher yields — because there is no way of knowing when borrowers will pull the plug . But because Fannie and Freddie guarantee that investors will be paid even if borrowers fail to make their payments , the loans are considered so safe that they are worth the prepayment risk .
Because of these key features , the 30-year home loan purchased by the GSEs has been the backbone of the housing market . There are no hard figures , but Jay Brinkmann , chief economist at the Mortgage Bankers Assn. , says `` essentially almost all '' long-term fixed-rate mortgages at or below the conforming loan limit end up at Fannie or Freddie because of their superior pricing .
Now , though , the Obama administration , with the cooperation of Republicans , would gradually wind down Fannie and Freddie until they are mere figments of their former selves , if they survive at all . And with their demise , some housing interests also fear the passing of the 30-year fixed-rate loan .
If it does n't go away , it will certainly be more expensive . How much more expensive is pure conjecture at this point , but some people predict that the rate could shoot up 3 percentage points .
The cost of a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is hovering around 5 % , so a 3-point jump would boost the rate to 8 % or so , driving the monthly principal and interest payment on a $ 200,000 mortgage to $ 1,468 from $ 1,074 . That 's a difference of $ 394 , a backbreaker for many would-be borrowers .
However , others say the increase in the rate wo n't be nearly that much . And once the mortgage market calms down , the difference may not be much at all .
London 's Emirates stadium , home of one of the English Premier League 's elite outfits - Arsenal Football Club – has officially gone 100 % 'green ' by switching to renewable energy .
The club 's long-standing manager Arsène Wenger 'switched-on ' the changeover on Thursday ( 3 August ) to supply the 60,000-plus seating capacity stadium with power sourced from renewable energy upstart Octopus Energy , a company that has morphed over the years into one of the UK 's biggest investors in solar power plants .
Arsenal 's chief executive officer Ivan Gazidis , who flanked Wenger at the switch-on , said it is important that the club makes a statement on its carbon footprint .
The move makes Arsenal the first Premier League club to switch to 100 % 'green ' energy for powering its stadium .
Furthermore , the Emirates Stadium also has a water supply which is recycled and used to reduce waste , and all food waste is sent to an anaerobic digestion plant where it is turned into more energy that will in turn supply the club .
`` It is important we all take steps in this area . I am pleased that we have switched to green energy as a result of our partnership with Octopus Energy , '' Gazidis added .
Greg Jackson , founder and chief executive officer of Octopus Energy , said green energy industry is at a tipping point . `` The technology to create electricity from renewable sources is now so efficient , that we can offer 'green ' energy to our customers which is cheaper than many 'non green ' tariffs . Being green does n't have to cost the earth .
`` We have been delighted to work with such an awesome club as Arsenal , and are looking forward to continuing our partnership into the future . ''
If you imagined Hayao Miyazaki , the legendary animation director behind movies as enchanting as My Neighbor Totoro , Spirited Away , and Kiki 's Delivery Service , as a lovable grandfather all eyes wide with wonder , you might be disappointed . In The Kingdom of Dreams and Madness , a compelling documentary by Mami Sunada that sees release in New York this week , Miyazaki largely comes off well as a polite , diligent worker blessed with a stroke of genius . But the man is also marked by moments of cynicism , resentment , and self-doubt that hint at a darkness behind his creations . “ I do n't ever feel happy in my daily life , ” he says . “ How could that be our ultimate goal ? Filmmaking only brings suffering . ”
The Kingdom of Dreams and Madness focuses on Miyazaki as he works on The Wind Rises , a soaring , personal epic that he later announced would be his final feature film . In the background is his colleague and rival , Isao Takahata , who is planning to release the ethereal Tale of the Princess Kaguya on the same day as Miyazaki 's movie . The pair founded Studio Ghibli after Takahata took on Miyazaki as an apprentice ; for a while they worked on animations together , but the younger Miyazaki wanted to direct his own features and soon became the bigger star . Miyazaki is in his 70s , but during The Wind Rises ' production , he comes into the studio every day from 11AM to 9PM , returning to a nearby workshop each night . Sundays are also very busy , he tells us — he always cleans the local river . But this is n't a person altogether at ease with his position in the world . `` I 'm a man of the 20th century , '' he tells us at one point . `` I do n't want to deal with the 21st . '' Miyazaki also often embarks on extended soliloquies that are philosophical and eloquent but betray deep discomfort with the present order of things . The Fukushima disaster , for instance , has had a profound impact on his thinking . Miyazaki is in his 70s , but during ' production , he comes into the studio every day from 11AM to 9PM , returning to a nearby workshop each night . Sundays are also very busy , he tells us — he always cleans the local river . But this is n't a person altogether at ease with his position in the world . `` I 'm a man of the 20th century , '' he tells us at one point . `` I do n't want to deal with the 21st . '' Miyazaki also often embarks on extended soliloquies that are philosophical and eloquent but betray deep discomfort with the present order of things . The Fukushima disaster , for instance , has had a profound impact on his thinking .
Despite worldwide acclaim and his status as perhaps the greatest living animator , Miyazaki does n't express much confidence or even affection for his work . `` How do we know movies are even worthwhile ? , '' he asks at one point . `` How did this happen ? What am I doing with this film ? '' at another . When asked about the future of Studio Ghibli , which has been the subject of much speculation in recent years , his answer is blunt . `` The future is clear : it 's going to fall apart , '' he says . `` I can already see it . What 's the use worrying ? It 's inevitable . '' Takahata is a ghostly presence throughout the film until a brief appearance near the end . Miyazaki does n't hold back on his colleague , accusing him of having a personality disorder and leaving the studio in disarray . When announcing Princess Kaguya for the first time , producer Toshio Suzuki admits to reporters that Takahata has `` never delivered a film on time or on budget , '' already knowing that the movie wo n't make the release date he 's giving . `` Takahata-san is incomprehensible . Does he not want to finish ? '' Suzuki later asks in exasperation . Sunada expertly weaves the relationship between the two directors throughout The Kingdom of Dreams and Madness , playing the two off each other to spin an absorbing narrative .
Attack of the WildyWyrms !
What 's that coming out of the ground ? It 's a WildyWyrm ! For the next two weeks ( until the week commencing 7th March ) , these overgrown cousins of the strykewyrms will be underground in three multi-way areas of the Wilderness , waiting for members to stomp on their hiding places . Wake one , and player-killers will find that their battles take a turn for the chaotic : a towering WildyWyrm will rise up and attack from all three corners of the combat triangle , attempting to drag players underground , remove their ability to use prayers , and even hurl balls of flame that bounce from one adventurer to the next .
These monsters have a combat level of 382 , but they have the potential to become far more dangerous , as Jagex Moderators know that the WildyWyrm 's mind is weak and can be controlled . With the WildyWyrm under their control , the moderator can choose whether it attacks with melee , ranged or magic , and , more importantly , they will be able to increase the creature 's Defence and Attack , raising it to a potential combat level of 562 ! Sadistic JMods will even heal the WildyWyrm to make sure that the WildyWyrm is more than just a nuisance as you player-kill .
You will be able to find these huge , hulking beasts in three areas of the Wilderness for the next two weeks only . If you are not interested in fighting the WildyWyrm , it might be worth avoiding these areas for the next two weeks :
In the forest east of the Chaos Temple ( level 11 Wilderness )
North of Clan Wars ( level 42 Wilderness )
Between the Lava Maze and Red Dragon Isle ( level 42 Wilderness )
Mandrith and other Edgeville characters will announce if a Moderator has taken control of a WildyWyrm in the Wilderness . WildyWyrms do not follow the rules of traditional strykewyrms , so you do not require any Slayer levels or the use of a fire cape to fight it .
If you are fighting a WildyWyrm , keep your eyes open for JMods in the area ; if one takes control of a WildyWyrm , you will find that the name of the WildyWyrm changes to that of the JMod in control of it . While under control of a JMod , you can guarantee that the fight will become more dangerous and prolonged , so be prepared for the additional difficulty .
The WildyWyrms are located in dangerous , multi-way areas of the Wilderness . It is likely that other players will attempt to player-kill you as you fight in these WildyWyrm areas , due to the increased danger , so only player-kill here with items that you are willing to lose . As with the rest of the Wilderness , you will not leave a gravestone behind when you die , and your items will be visible to the player who dealt the most damage to you ( or to everyone in the vicinity if no player damaged you ) . Click here to read more about the Wilderness .
On the week commencing 7th March , the WildyWyrms will be removed from the game , while its drop , the fury shark , will be removed from the game on the week commencing 28th March , 2011 .
Fury Shark :
Contribute to the death of a JMod-controlled WildyWyrm and you will receive the guaranteed reward of a cooked fury shark . Defeat a normal WildyWyrm and there is a small chance of receiving this untradeable drop .
Fury sharks are delicacies that heal 230 life points in combat and 280 life points outside of combat . That makes them second only to the baron shark in terms of life point-healing fish . If dropped on the floor , a fury shark will be visible as a conventional shark to other players .
On top of this , the fury shark is blessed with the ability to protect items on death for one minute after being eaten . This item protection works in the same way as the Protect Item prayer : if you die while you are under the effect of the fury shark , you will retain 4 items if you are not skulled , 1 item if you are skulled , and 0 items if you are on a High-risk Wilderness World . The fury shark is an alternative to using the Protect Item prayer or curse ; it can not be used to increase the effects of them . By offering an alternative to using the Protect Item prayer , you are able to choose another prayer to take into battle .
The fury shark will stay fresh until the week commencing the 28th March , 2011 , when they will rot away into nothingness . Make sure you eat your sharks in that time – you 'll never forget the flavour !
Mod Chris L
RuneScape Content Developer
In other news ...
When entering the Wilderness , the default draw order has been changed to what PvP Worlds used to use . This means that players will once again appear over familiars .
This item about the first manned moon landing , seemingly an obvious joke , began circulating on the Internet in mid-1995 and was picked up by the news media a few months later :
When Apollo Mission Astronaut Neil Armstrong first walked on the moon , he not only gave his famous “ One small step for man ; one giant leap for mankind ” statement , but followed it by several remarks , including the usual COM traffic between him , the other astronauts , and Mission Control . Before he re-entered the lander , he made the enigmatic remark “ Good luck , Mr. Gorsky. ” Many people at NASA thought it was a casual remark concerning some rival Soviet Cosmonaut . However , upon checking , [ they found ] there was no Gorsky in either the Russian or American space programs . Over the years , many people have questioned him as to what the “ Good luck , Mr. Gorsky ” statement meant . On July 5 , in Tampa Bay , FL , while answering questions following a speech , a reporter brought up the 26- year-old question to Armstrong . He finally responded . It seems that Mr. Gorsky had died and so Armstrong felt he could answer the question . When he was a kid , Neil was playing baseball with his brother in the backyard . His brother hit a fly ball which landed in front of his neighbors ' bedroom window . The neighbors were Mr. and Mrs. Gorsky . As he leaned down to pick up the ball , he heard Mrs. Gorsky shouting at Mr. Gorsky , “ Oral sex ? Oral sex you want ? You 'll get oral sex when the kid next door walks on the moon ! ”
The inclusion of specific details ( e.g. , the name of Armstrong 's neighbor , the date of the press conference on which he revealed the meaning of his remark ) apparently led some to believe the farcical story might have some truth to it .
At its most basic level , this tale is a humorous anecdote that plays on the stereotypical portrayal of Jewish wives as reluctant to engage in recreational ( and especially oral ) sex . In variant forms of this legend the last name of Neil Armstrong 's neighbor is different , but the surname used is always a “ Jewish-sounding ” one , such as Gorsky , Seligman , Schultz , Lipinski , or Klein ; the unusual word order employed by the wife in her refusal ( “ Oral sex you want ? ” ) is also a stereotypical speech pattern attributed to Jews . On another level , this legend can be seen as an attempt to humanize a cultural hero by associating him with a story that is both humorous and racy : Neil Armstrong , the world-famous astronaut , is made to seem like a “ regular ” guy .
Any doubts about the veracity of this legend are laid to rest by the NASA transcripts of the Apollo 11 mission , which record no such statement having been made by Armstrong . Armstrong himself said in late 1995 that he first heard the anecdote delivered as a joke by comedian Buddy Hackett in California .
Sightings : When the space shuttle Columbia crew completed a repair mission on the Hubble Space Telescope in March 2002 , chief repairman John Grunsfeld called out ( in homage to this legend ) “ Good luck , Mr. Hubble ” as the telescope drifted off .
Variations : Sometimes the story is told with Armstrong uttering , “ That 's one small step for man ; one giant leap for Manny Klein , ” with the unfortunate Mr. Klein having received the same response from his wife as Mr. Gorsky had from his .
A FILM BY : David Lynch
WRITTEN BY : John Roach , Mary Sweeney
STARRING : Richard Farnsworth , Sissy Spacek , Jane Galloway Heitz
Pre-show by Daniel Knox begins 20m before showtime .
Seventy-three year old Alvin Straight is a simple living and stubborn man who lives on his social security . He needs to do things on his own terms . He is in failing health . Both his hips are shot , which requires him to use two canes to walk . He is diabetic . He has emphysema from years of smoking . And he has poor eyesight . Beyond the obvious maladies , he does n't tell his mentally disabled daughter Rose , who lives with him , of many of these issues . He learns that his brother Lyle Straight , from who he has been estranged for ten years , has just suffered a heart attack . Because of both his and Lyle 's mortality , Alvin wants to make peace with his brother before it 's too late , which means traveling from his home in the rural town of Laurens , Iowa to Lyle 's home in rural Mount Zion , Wisconsin . As with other issues in his life , he needs to make the trip on his own terms , which means on his own . As he does n't possess a driver 's license and since his eyesight is bad , he decides to make the trip driving his aged riding lawn mover towing a trailer which will carry his gear and double as his sleeping quarters . After one mis-start , he is on his way . On that trip , he affects and is affected by those he encounters . But he just hopes that he can finish the trip the way he started it , and before either he , Lyle or the lawn mower give out for good .
That 's a rough equivalent on the stupidity scale of what Bush achieved by consigning Iran 's theocracy to the axis of evil and failing to probe how the country might have helped in two wars and the wider Middle East when the conciliatory Mohammad Khatami was president .
Seldom in the annals of American diplomacy has moral absolutism trumped realism to such devastating effect . Bush gifted Iran increased power without taking even a peek at how that might serve U.S. objectives .
So here we are , several thousand centrifuges on , with Iran getting what it has long craved : recognition of the regime from the Obama administration , relegation of threats and renunciation of the demand that enrichment be suspended as a condition for America 's joining other major powers in nuclear talks with Iran .
That 's salutary . American realism is now essential . It should heed ElBaradei 's view : “ I do n't believe the Iranians have made a decision to go for a nuclear weapon , but they are absolutely determined to have the technology because they believe it brings you power , prestige and an insurance policy . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
I think it 's almost certainly too late to stop Iran achieving virtual nuclear power status  something like Brazil 's or Japan 's mastery of the know-how without a weapon . Iran 's advances of the past eight years can not be undone . What can be transformed is the context Iran operates in ; that in turn will determine how “ virtual ” Iran remains .
One context changer was Obama 's call for a nuclear-free world : it 's hard to argue for nonproliferation without tackling disarmament . “ You ca n't have nine countries telling the likes of Iran nuclear weapons are dangerous for you , but we need to go on refining our arsenals , ” said ElBaradei , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 and ends his term later this year . “ It 's a different world . ”
He sees two years of U.S.-Iranian talks as needed , given the degree of mistrust , with “ every grievance on the table . ”
Here 's one normalization scenario :
Iran ceases military support for Hamas and Hezbollah ; adopts a “ Malaysian ” approach to Israel ( nonrecognition and noninterference ) ; agrees to work for stability in Iraq and Afghanistan ; accepts intrusive International Atomic Energy Agency verification of a limited nuclear program for peaceful ends only ; promises to fight Qaeda terrorism ; commits to improving its human rights record .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The United States commits itself to the Islamic Republic 's security and endorses its pivotal regional role ; accepts Iran 's right to operate a limited enrichment facility with several hundred centrifuges for research purposes ; agrees to Iran 's acquiring a new nuclear power reactor from the French ; promises to back Iran 's entry into the World Trade Organization ; returns seized Iranian assets ; lifts all sanctions ; and notes past Iranian statements that it will endorse a two-state solution acceptable to the Palestinians .
Any such deal is a game changer , transformative as Nixon to China ( another repressive state with a poor human rights record ) . It can be derailed any time by an attack from Israel , which has made clear it wo n't accept virtual nuclear power status for Iran , despite its own nonvirtual nuclear warheads .
“ Israel would be utterly crazy to attack Iran , ” ElBaradei said . “ I worry about it . If you bomb , you will turn the region into a ball of fire and put Iran on a crash course for nuclear weapons with the support of the whole Muslim world . ”
To avoid that nightmare Obama will have to get tougher with Israel than any U.S. president in recent years . It 's time .
Martin Shkreli is shown on his live stream available on YouTube . Via Social Media
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Martin Shkreli , the boyish pharmaceutical entrepreneur who was arrested on Thursday for what U.S. prosecutors said was a Ponzi-like scheme , started a live stream on YouTube on Friday after returning home .
Two hours into the live stream , he was playing an online chess game while answering comments from his YouTube viewers , after wandering around his apartment filled with guitars and musical instruments in pajama bottoms and a purple PBS T-shirt . He has done similar live streams before on YouTube .
“ Good to be back . I missed you too , ” the 32-year-old said at the beginning of the live stream , responding to comments made by YouTube viewers .
He added : “ I ca n't really talk about business or anything . So please do n't ask me about businesses or any allegations or anything like that . ”
( For the live stream , see here
Shkreli , who attracted criticism for growing outrage over soaring prescription drug prices , was arrested before dawn at the up-market Murray Hill Tower Apartments in midtown Manhattan on Thursday . U.S. prosecutors said he was running a Ponzi-like scheme at his former hedge fund and a pharmaceutical company he previously headed .
Shkreli , who often tweets about his political views and musical taste , late Thursday night wrote on Twitter ( @ MartinShkreli ) : “ Glad to be home . Thanks for the support . ”
National Football League attorneys are investigating a porn event advertisement that features several NFL players including a prominent member of the Chicago Bears and a top draft pick from the University of Illinois , according to a league official Tuesday evening .
`` The NFL office works on behalf of the clubs to protect their intellectual property rights in matters such as this '' said NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy after receiving a copy of an ad first disclosed by the ABC7 I-Team . The ad for last month 's Exxxotica Expo 2011 in Miami showed photos of five NFL players in their team uniforms . Among them was Bears safety Major Wright , a Miami native .
`` Our legal team is reviewing the ad . In general , companies not affiliated with the NFL or its clubs may not depict a player in his uniform '' said McCarthy .
NFL involvement comes as the next Exxxotica Expo prepares to open in Rosemont . Said to be the world 's largest gathering of porn stars , Bears officials may keep an eye on the `` love and sex expo . '' It is being held for the first time in suburban Chicago after drawing tens of thousands of porn film fans to similar events in Miami , Los Angeles and New Jersey the past few years .
When Rosemont lost its chance at a casino , the village retooled its image as a family-friendly entertainment destination . Next month though , at the convention center named for the late Rosemont founder Donald Stephens , the under-18 crowd will be unwelcome as the Exxxotica 2011 love and sex show opens on July 8 with 150 exhibitors , dozens of seminars on sex play and continuous stage shows .
A spokesman for Rosemont says there have been a couple of similar , previous events , but Exxxotica is considered to be the largest , premier event attracting the world 's top porn stars .
In an ad for the show in Miami last month , what was billed as an official launch party featured porn stars and NFL players , including Chicago Bears safety Major Wright , billed as one of the party hosts .
Wright 's photo in a Bears uniform troubles the Bears ' front office . Team spokesman Jim Christman tells the I-Team that `` this is an improper use of team marks and the Chicago Bears are not associated with this ad . ''
Christman said that `` many times players themselves are unaware of the violation and companies simply pull images and make ads not realizing they are in violation . ''
While Wright could not be reached , he is a fixture in Miami 's South Beach party scene , and he appears in ads and videos as the host of similar club events .
Also listed in the Miami ad last month were several top NFL draftees from this year , including Corey Liuget , who was a first round pick of the San Diego Chargers . Liuget did not respond to a request for information and a spokesman for the San Diego Chargers declined to comment on Tuesday evening .
Exxxotica 's producer says he tried to get his event at McCormick Place a few years ago but that Chicago officials said no way .
A village spokesman for Rosemont said they plan to put Exxxotica in a corner of the convention center so as not to arouse the public .
Additional coverage of this story from ESPNChicago.com .
Rumor : SCE Japan Studio and From Software developing Project Beast for PlayStation 4
Hidetaka Miyazaki 's new project ?
Sony Computer Entertainment Japan has been long rumored to be working on a new project with Dark Souls developer From Software . And it might have just leaked .
Images of something called “ Project Beast ” were posted on 4chan today . NeoGAF picked up on the post , and user JPS Kai followed up with an additional three images .
Details from the 4chan post describe a character walking around and fighting enemies . A “ giant mindflayer type ” enemy is said to appear , as well as a character placing shining magic into a pedestal at the base of a statue . Then , a “ huge pyromancy fireball , ” “ shotguns , ” and the text , “ This is a nightmare . ”
Demonnite , a Sony employee on NeoGAF known for his teases , teased a Demon 's Souls followup in the past . “ It will be a whole different beast , ” he said in January .
“ TGS will be a beast of a show , ” he said in June , implying the game was originally scheduled for a Tokyo Game Show debut .
“ If you put it that way , there are 2 beasts then , ” he said in response to a fan claiming The Last Guardian would be a “ beast . ”
Of course , consider this a rumor until confirmed .
He 's gon na take you back to the past…
Influenced by retro classics , Angry Video Game Nerd Adventures features the AVGN and friends as they blast their way through 10 levels of fun , fast paced 2D action based on the AVGN 's adventures in his online series . With multiple playable characters , power ups , cameos galore , tons of secrets and more , we 're making a game that all fans of video games will enjoy . If you 're a fan of old school difficulty , fart jokes , The Nerd and/or old school platformers chances are you 'll enjoy AVGN Adventures .
Some say `` hard '' we 're saying `` rewarding ! '' Why ? Because every check point you get , every boss you beat , every accomplishment is earned . You feel like like a stud . This is a game that allows you to brag to your friends if you beat it .
Yes , this is the official The Angry Video Game Nerd game !
Bodybuilders need special exercises to develop a thick neck
The neck is a weak point in the human physique – and all martial arts have a few dirty tricks that rely on this fact . But some wrestlers and power lifters have a neck of such impressive proportions that it can hardly be regarded as a weak spot . Do you want to acquire a bull neck too ? Dead lifts and neck presses wo n't help much , American sports scientists discovered back in the 1990s . You 'll have to train your neck muscles separately .
Study
The researchers , at the University of Georgia , did an experiment with a couple of dozen male students , divided into three groups .
One group had to do weight training for twelve weeks . They got a programme that focused on basic exercises like squats , leg press , bench press , Romanian dead lifts , bent rows and shrugs ( b ) .
Another group followed exactly the same programme , but also did specific neck training exercises . They lay on their stomach and put a brace round their neck that they could attach weights to so that they could train their neck muscles ( a ) .
Lastly , a control group of students did what students are best at . Absolutely nothing ( c ) .
Results
After twelve weeks a scan was made of all the test subjects to see which neck muscles had grown in circumference . That produced the figures below . Few dots : before the training period ; lots of dots : after the training period .
The muscles that had grown were the splenius capitis ( SC ) [ shown in red in the picture here ] , the semispinalis capitis ( SEC ) and the semispinalis cervicis/semispinalis multifidus ( SCM ) .
Conclusion
The researchers do n't exclude the possibility that long-term general training increases the neck muscles , but think that the message is clear : if you want to strengthen your neck quickly , for whatever reason , you 'll have to do separate neck training exercises .
Source :
Eur J Appl Physiol Occup Physiol . 1997 ; 75 ( 5 ) :443-8 .
More :
Your calf muscles wo n't grow ? It 's not your fault 16.11.2016
Can you isolate the pecs with the dumbbell press ? Not really 23.05.2016
Hip thrusts stimulate glutes better than squats do 30.09.2015
Archives :
Resistance Training
Our 10 favorite tools Kitchen Essentials
When it comes to matters of the kitchen , most cooks will argue that without their favorite pieces of equipment , it 's difficult to find the motivation to cook . Sure , purists believe that a sharp chef 's knife is all you really need - and in some cases , that 's true - but half the fun of cooking is in the gadgets .
Last month , The Chronicle Food section started a Kitchen Essentials series to share some of our favorite tips and tricks when making a meal . We chose 10 techniques in the opening column and online videos ( see the links with this story on sfgate.com/food ) ; today , we continue by revealing 10 of our most beloved kitchen tools .
These are not the bare essentials - those you 'll find in the box at the bottom of this page . Nor is this a comprehensive list for a fully stocked kitchen . ( Food staffer Tara Duggan wrote an exhaustive guide a few years ago - see the link with this story on sfgate.com/food . )
The tools we came up with for today 's column are those we 'd hate to live without . Many of them are multipurpose ( like the chinois ) ; others are so useful we ca n't imagine what we did before they were invented . How , we mused in our brainstorming session , did we ever zest citrus fruits before the Microplane was born ?
However , some of these items are far from new . The mortar and pestle has been used for centuries . But we believe it 's unrivaled when concocting a spice paste , dry rub or pesto .
Methods for using many of the utensils and tools are self-explanatory , but some , like the mandoline , can be intimidating . For a primer on how to work them , check out the accompanying video online .
Without these tools , you still might be able to work your way through a recipe . But it sure wo n't be as much fun .
Here are our Top 10 :
1 . Chinois
What it is : This cone-shaped sieve is made of very fine mesh metal with a long handle attached . Use it for straining soup , stock , custards and any other sauce or liquid to produce a very smooth end product , with no extra solids .
Why we like it : The shape makes for quick and easy straining , especially if you force the solids through the chinois with the underside of a ladle . A chinois can also stand in for a sifter , or can be used to dust pastries or cakes with powdered sugar .
Alternatives : Fine mesh strainer , sifter ( for dry ingredients ) .
2 . Digital scale
What it is : There are several types of scales - spring or balance , for example - but we prefer the digital kind . It calculates both metric and standard weights , and can be used for measuring any ingredient .
Why we like it : Nothing is more accurate for prepping ingredients for baking , including nuts , chocolate and butter . Most countertop scales can weigh up to 11 pounds , which is plenty for a home cook . And , if you 're watching your weight , the scale comes in handy for determining portion sizes .
Alternatives : There is no good alternative for a scale , but other types include spring , balance or electric .
3 . Handheld juicer
What it is : Sometimes called a citrus squeezer or citrus press , this tool quickly and easily juices citrus , without the seeds and pulp . Shaped like a lever attached by a hinge , these usually come in different sizes and colors to match different citrus fruits .
Why we like it : Having a margarita party ? No tool is better to have behind the bar for extracting large amounts of citrus juice . Unlike a reamer , it does n't hurt your wrist , and it takes up very little space in the drawer , as opposed to having an electric version occupying real estate on the counter .
Alternatives : Electric juicer , citrus reamer .
4 . Spider
What it is : This is essentially a hand-held , portable strainer . Composed of a metal wire basket attached to a long , flat bamboo handle , it can be used to pull blanched vegetables out of boiling water , drain servings of pasta or scoop fried foods out of hot oil . It can also be used to rinse off ingredients when you do n't want to break out the big strainer .
Why we like it : Using a spider saves time and dirty pots - if you have several foods to cook , you 'll only have to boil water once . Plus , it 's affordable - you can buy one in Chinatown or an Asian housewares shop for less than $ 5 .
Alternatives : Strainer , slotted spoon .
5 . Mortar and pestle
What it is : This two-piece tool , used for centuries in many cultures , can be made of everything from stone to wood to marble . The thick bowl is the mortar and the club-shaped handle is the pestle . Small ones can be used to crush spices or make seasoning rubs , while the larger bowls are perfect for things like pesto , Thai curry pastes and other herb spreads .
Why we like it : While a food processor or spice grinder can whirr ingredients into a muddled mass , a mortar and pestle maintains the integrity of each ingredient . For pesto , bruising the basil with the pestle brings out the essence of the leaves . Also , we use the bowls for serving and presentation .
Alternatives : Food processor , blender or spice grinder .
6 . Offset spatula
What it is : Available in a variety of shapes and sizes , this spatula is unique in that the stiff metal extension bends down from the handle and then straightens out again , creating an angle that keeps your hand out of the way and allows you to lift or turn items easily .
Why we like it : Whether it 's being used to frost cakes , flip pancakes in a crowded pan or spread batter into a baking dish , few other tools are as useful or versatile as the offset . Pastry chefs love it , as it allows them to see their work . And depending on the size , it can be the most delicate way to move or turn food .
Alternatives : Butter knife , regular spatula ( though nothing matches the angle of the offset ) .
7 . Silpat
What it is : Think of this as permanent parchment or waxed paper . These flexible silicone mats are used to line baking sheets or to create a nonstick surface . The popular material is heatproof , so the mats can go in the oven again and again .
Why we like it : The surface makes for simple cleaning , and the mats roll up into almost nothing for easy storage . The mat can also be used to keep pie or pizza dough from sticking to the counter , and working with sticky ingredients like caramel or taffy is considerably easier on a Silpat .
Alternatives : Parchment paper .
8 . Mandoline
What it is : A hand-operated slicing machine , used for cutting even slices or julienne . Most come with two sets of adjustable hinged legs so it will sit upright , but some , like the Japanese benriner , are flat and can rest atop a bowl . An adjustable blade allows the user to choose the thickness of the vegetable slice , or switch it to make julienne or crinkle-cut vegetables .
Why we like it : This is the best tool for precise , uniform slicing . Potato gratin can be made in a snap , and it 's great when working with large quantities . A hand guard comes with most mandolines , so you can slice without the fear of losing the skin off your fingers .
Alternatives : Chef 's knife and a steady hand .
9 . Microplane
What it is : Also called a rasp grater , this long and skinny handheld tool can be used to zest citrus , shave Parmesan or any hard grating cheese , or even shave chocolate for a garnish .
Why we like it : Ergonomically speaking , it 's comfortable and easy to use . There 's no fear of grating your knuckles , and nothing removes citrus zest ( and leaves the unwanted pith behind ) so effectively .
Alternatives : Box grater , citrus zester ( shave off ribbons of citrus and mince ) , rotary grater for cheese .
10 . Instant-read
thermometer
What it is : Most chefs carry an instant-read thermometer with them at all times to determine when meat or fish is cooked through . We use ours often , whether it 's to find out if our Thanksgiving turkeys are done , or to test the temperature of chocolate for tempering . It 's also a good idea to have a candy thermometer , which can be used to regulate the temperature of hot oil .
Why we like it : Though some cooks rely on intuition or feel to know when a chicken is roasted or a steak is cooked to medium-rare , we need something more accurate for recipe testing . It takes the guesswork out of the equation , and if properly calibrated , is always on target .
Alternatives : None .
For a video showing the 10 tools and how to use them , see sfgate.com/food .
Your kitchen - the bare essentials If you 're just starting to cook , or stocking a basic kitchen , running out to buy a 40-pound mortar and pestle may not be your first priority . But there are a handful of tools that should be in every kitchen , no matter your skill level or passion for cooking . -- 8- or 10-inch chef 's knife -- Paring knife -- Bread knife -- Whisk -- Spoons - wooden and metal , solid and slotted -- Vegetable peeler -- Spatulas - rubber , metal and silicone -- Cutting board -- Tongs -- Measuring spoons -- Measuring cups This list does n't include baking pans , pots , and bowls , all of which round out the well-stocked kitchen . For a comprehensive look at what it takes to outfit a kitchen , see the link with this story at sfgate.com/food .
Warm Vegetable & Potato Salad with Walnut Pesto Vinaigrette Serves 6 Tools used : Mortar and pestle , Microplane grater , citrus press ( optional ) , spider , mandoline The pesto vinaigrette
2 cloves garlic , peeled
1 teaspoon kosher salt + more to taste
2/3 bunch basil , leaves only ( about 2 cups )
1/4 cup toasted walnuts
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
-- Zest and juice of 1 lemon
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil + more if needed
-- Freshly ground black pepper , to taste
The salad
4 medium waxy potatoes , about 2 pounds
3 medium-size mixed summer squash ( yellow and zucchini )
1/2 pound thin green beans , trimmed
1/2 red onion , sliced thin
3 medium heirloom tomatoes , in different colors , cut into chunks . For the pesto vinaigrette : Put the garlic and salt in the mortar and ground to a paste with the pestle . Add basil leaves , a few at a time , pounding and churning in the mortar as you go . When all the basil has been incorporated , add the walnuts , pounding and incorporating with the mixture . Add the cheese and stir with the pestle until blended . Mix in the lemon zest and juice , then add oil , a little at a time , until you reach the desired consistency . You want it to be well blended , but loose enough to pour over the salad like a dressing . Add more olive oil if necessary , and season to taste . For the salad : In a medium saucepan , cover potatoes with cold water by at least 2 inches , and salt the water generously . Bring to a hard simmer over medium heat , and cook until potatoes are tender can be easily pierced with a knife , but still hold their shape , about 20 minutes . Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle . At the same time , bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . On a mandoline set to a 3/8-inch thickness , slice the yellow squash and zucchini into rounds . Drop into boiling water and blanch for about 2 minutes , until slightly softened . Lift out with a spider or other handheld strainer , and place into a bowl . Immediately put the green beans into the same boiling water and cook for 3 minutes , then remove with the spider and add to the bowl . Add the red onion to the bowl and set aside . When the potatoes are ready to handle , peel , then slice against the mandoline into 3/8-inch rounds . Be very careful , as the potatoes will break easily . Add to the bowl with the other vegetables very gently . Toss with the pesto vinaigrette , very gently , until well coated . Lightly toss in the tomatoes at the last minute , taste for seasoning , and serve immediately . Per serving : 382 calories , 8 g protein , 38 g carbohydrate , 24 g fat ( 4 g saturated ) , 4 mg cholesterol , 475 mg sodium , 7 g fiber .
Peanut Butter & Chocolate Ganache Sandwich Cookies Makes about 20 sandwich cookies Tools used : Kitchen scale ( for measuring chocolate ) , Silpat , thermometer , small offset spatula The cookies
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup flour
4 tablespoons butter , softened
1 cup creamy peanut butter ( for the best consistency , avoid natural or chunky )
1 cup packed brown sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
The ganache
3 ounces semisweet chocolate , chopped fine
1/4 cup + 1 tablespoon heavy cream For the cookies : Preheat oven to 350° . Line two baking sheets with Silpats . In a small bowl , mix baking soda , salt and flour . In the bowl of an electric mixture , beat butter and peanut butter until smooth . Add brown sugar , and beat until lightened and combined , about 2 minutes . Add eggs one at a time , beating after each addition until incorporated . Add vanilla . Add dry ingredients to the batter all at once , mixing slowly until just combined . The mixture will look very wet and oily ; this is OK . Roll dough into balls about 3/4-1 inch in diameter , and space about 1 1/2 inches apart on each cookie sheet . Bake until lightly golden and dry on top , about 12 minutes . Remove from oven , let rest for 5 minutes , and transfer to a wire rack to cool . For the ganache : Meanwhile , make the ganache . Put chopped chocolate into a small , heatproof bowl . In a small saucepan , heat cream until just boiling , then pour over chopped chocolate . Mix well until smooth and fully incorporated . Chill until the chocolate mixture reads 70° on a thermometer . This will be the best spreading consistency . To assemble : Spread about 1 rounded teaspoon of the ganache on the flat side of a cookie with a small offset spatula . Top with a second cookie , flat side on the filling , forming sandwich . Repeat with remaining filling and cookies . Per cookie : 190 calories , 4 g protein , 18 g carbohydrate , 12 g fat ( 5 g saturated ) , 33 mg cholesterol , 189 mg sodium , 1 g fiber .
It 's a fact of life that good grilling can not be rushed . The meat will be done when it 's done , and there are n't many things you can do to speed it up . But what happens when you have company over and the meat is stalled or is taking too long ? Fans of barbecue will be patient because they understand , but some friends and family members may not . For this reason , many cooks attempt to time their meat closely to have it ready by the time company comes . Unfortunately , there are multiple factors that go into figuring out cook time . It 's almost more of an art than a science .
So , here are some things to consider when you 're looking at a recipe and trying to figure out how early you need to start that mouthwatering meal for your barbecue :
The Meat
As you 're probably aware , every kind of meat ( beef , chicken , seafood ) has different temperature requirements to be safe to eat . However , even within those , the individual cut of meat may have a slightly different cook time based on a handful of factors including :
Type of meat . Obviously a hamburger is going to cook differently than a steak .
. Obviously a hamburger is going to cook differently than a steak . Thickness of the meat . The thicker the meat is , the longer it is going to take to cook . Be careful that your meat is close to uniform thickness , though , or else you 'll end up charring the thin bits by the time the larger portion is fully cooked .
The thicker the meat is , the longer it is going to take to cook . Be careful that your meat is close to uniform thickness , though , or else you 'll end up charring the thin bits by the time the larger portion is fully cooked . Fat content ( sometimes ) . Depending on what you 're cooking , the amount and location of the fat may lower the internal temperature of the grill , resulting in a stall , which can drastically increase cook time . This is n't necessarily a factor with all cuts of meat , though .
Depending on what you 're cooking , the amount and location of the fat may lower the internal temperature of the grill , resulting in a stall , which can drastically increase cook time . This is n't necessarily a factor with all cuts of meat , though . Meat prep . If you constantly spritz your meat with juice , for example , it will lower the internal temperature and you 'll have to cook it longer . If you utilize the Texas Crutch , it will cook faster .
If you 're looking for a base to start , check out our Ultimate Grilling Temperature Guide and then go from there .
The Grill
The kind of grill and the way that you use it can definitely make a difference in how long you must cook your food . There are multiple different ways to set up a Kamado , and each of them can alter your time formula .
Cooking method . If you cook over flames and direct heat , then the meat is going to cook faster than if you 're doing indirect cooking . Different grates can also sometimes change the cooking time , and using something like The Texas Crutch can drastically alter cook times as well .
If you cook over flames and direct heat , then the meat is going to cook faster than if you 're doing indirect cooking . Different grates can also sometimes change the cooking time , and using something like The Texas Crutch can drastically alter cook times as well . Cooking temperature . Obviously things will cook faster at higher heats , but things can sometimes be sped up with a combination of the two by searing your food .
It 's also important to make sure you 've got the grill set up properly for whatever it is that you 're cooking . Direct vs Indirect Heat can be a huge factor in how your food cooks , as can the internal temperature ( obviously ) .
The Weather
Because your grill is probably outside , mother nature can sometimes make the temperature of your grill harder to keep steady , which will in turn increase cook time .
Weather/outdoor temperature . Generally speaking , if its cold or rainy , you 'll have a harder time getting the grill to heat up and stay at the right temperature . The same goes with snow . Hotter temperature can also play havoc and you 'll have to take that into account and monitor the temperatures appropriately .
Generally speaking , if its cold or rainy , you 'll have a harder time getting the grill to heat up and stay at the right temperature . The same goes with snow . Hotter temperature can also play havoc and you 'll have to take that into account and monitor the temperatures appropriately . Humidity . The humidity of the air outside can also affect your grilling if you 're doing low and slow cooks . If it 's dry out , then you may need to boost the humidity inside the grill to avoid having gross , dry meat .
The humidity of the air outside can also affect your grilling if you 're doing low and slow cooks . If it 's dry out , then you may need to boost the humidity inside the grill to avoid having gross , dry meat . Altitude . If you 're at higher altitudes , then you have to lower the cooking temperature slightly in order to preserve the moisture in the meat . This can , obviously , increase the cooking times for some meats .
Although you really can grill in literally any weather , make sure you 're taking the outside weather into consideration and properly preparing not only your grill and meat , but yourself . Check out our tips for grilling in winter for some more ideas .
But , when it 's all said and done , the most important thing is that the meat reaches the right temperature . All of the above things can affect how long that takes , but at the end of the day , as long as it 's cooked properly , your guests will be thrilled with the result .
Land-ocean temperature index , 1880 to present , with base period 1951-1980 . The solid black line is the global annual mean and the solid red line is the five-year lowess smooth . The blue uncertainty bars ( 95 percent confidence limit ) account only for incomplete spatial sampling . ( This is an update of Fig . 9a in Hansen et al . ( 2010 ) . )
One constant refrain from the usual suspects goes that the climate has always changed , so why worry about it now ? There are a lot of answers to that . My favorite is to ask them , since smoking has been causing cancer for millennia , why worry about your kids smoking now ? Regardless , like most instances of fraudulent pseudo-science , there 's an element of truth to the climate's-always-been-changing refrain , and that 's why it 's deployed by fossil fuel apologists .
A new study has found that climate has indeed been changing for a long time , on human timescales anyway , and concludes that some of those longer term trends are attributable to human activity :
The new study , just out on Wednesday in the journal Nature , suggests human-caused , or anthropogenic , climate change has been going on for decades longer than existing temperature records indicate . Using paleoclimate records from the past 500 years , the researchers show that sustained warming began to occur in both the tropical oceans and the Northern Hemisphere land masses as far back as the 1830s — and they 're saying industrial-era greenhouse gas emissions were the cause , even back then .
Paleo-Climatologist Michael Mann , co-creator of the Hockey Stick climate record , posted a few thoughts on the new study on his own site . And he responded via email saying , ” While I differ with the authors on some of the interpretation ( our own work shows that climate models do in fact pick up the early response to human-caused CO2 increases ) , the work does once again underscore the unprecedented nature of the warming caused by ongoing fossil fuel burning . ”
We 've only been keeping detailed , instrument records over a broad enough swath of the planet to be confident about global temperatures since the latter part of the 19th century . That 's why charts like the one above from NASA 's GISS climate unit start in 1880 . And we see immediate staggering noise in global temperature followed by a series of jagged upticks . So it 's no surprise that even earlier activity , which included nearly continual warfare across Eurasia , the start of the industrial revolution , and massive deforestation everywhere from Canada to Australia , could tip the delicate balance of greenhouse gasses and thermal exchange toward a warmer planet .
The state of Illinois has barred known sex offenders from Facebook , MySpace , Twitter , and just about any other website that gives you a digital account for communicating with others .
As reported by The Chicago Tribune , Illinois governor Pat Quinn has signed a new law that makes it a felony for registered sex offenders to `` access or use a social networking website . ''
The statute defines a social networking site as `` an Internet website containing profile web pages of the members of the website that include the names or nicknames of such members , photographs placed on the profile web pages by such members , or any other personal or personally identifying information about such members and links to other profile web pages on social networking websites of friends or associates of such members that can be accessed by other members or visitors to the website . ''
So , if you 're an Illinois sex offender , it seems you ca n't even use a professional job-hunting site like LinkedIn - or a restaurant-review site like Yelp . Some have even argued that this bans the use of Google , which recently added public profiles , and Yahoo ! and Amazon . But the statute seems to pinpoint sites whose profiles include a built-in comment engine .
`` A social networking website provides members of or visitors to such website the ability to leave messages or comments on the profile web page that are visible to all or some visitors to the profile web page and may also include a form of electronic mail for members of the social networking website , '' it continues .
The new law takes effect on January 1 .
Obviously , the legislation is intended to prevent known sex offenders from approaching new victims online . `` The Internet has been more and more a mechanism for predators to reach out , '' said Illinois State Senator Bill Brady , one of the bill 's sponsors . `` The idea was , if the predator is supposed to be a registered sex offender , they should keep their Internet distance as well as their physical distance .
`` The object is to protect innocent individuals on the Internet from sex offenders . ''
Yes , sites like MySpace and Facebook have been known to house countless registered sex offenders . And under pressure from states ' attorneys general , the two sites have worked to cull such names from their rosters .
But surely , in his effort to land the Illinois governorship , Bill Brady has gone too far . Barring sex offenders from Facebook and MySpace is one thing . Barring them from vast swathes of the internet is quite another . Even a nonce has his rights . ®
D'Angelo Russell is closing out the Los Angeles Lakers chapter of his career , preparing for his future with the Brooklyn Nets after being traded in the days leading up to the draft .
The Lakers decided it was time to move D'Angelo in order to create salary cap space and tweak their roster , but it was Magic Johnson 's damning quote that shed light on how the front office felt about what they needed out of a franchise point guard .
“ D'Angelo is an excellent player . He has the talent to be an All-Star . We want to thank him for what he did for us , but what I needed was a leader , ” Johnson said . “ I needed somebody also that can make the other players better , and also that players want to play with . ”
The implication that Russell was n't a leader was clear , and it stood as what felt like a parting shot , even if that was n't the intent of Johnson . Russell joined Adrian Wojnarowski 's The Woj Pod and was asked if he was surprised when he heard what Magic said about his lack of leadership .
“ Definitely , ” Russell said of feeling blindsided by the comment . “ I did n't know what the reason behind it was . I 'm off your hands . I have nothing to do with you , I 'm on a new team . I did n't understand the comment , I still do n't .
“ Like I said before , he 's still one of the best point guards to ever play the game , and for him to say anything about me I can just run with it . If it 's negative , if it 's positive , whatever he has to say about me , it 's something I can just run with and make the best out of it , ” Russell said .
As far as engaging in a battle of words with a living legend , Russell knew better than to do that .
“ What does it look like me going back and forth with Magic Johnson ? I 'm not going to win that , so I never once looked at it like that . It 's nothing I can do about that , ” Russell said .
The best thing Russell can do is file away Magic 's comments and use them as motivation to propel him forward , and it sounds like that 's exactly the approach he 's taking the entire trade with .
The popularity of tomboys has sparked a sharp rise in the number of girls wanting to swap gender , according to a leading NHS psychologist .
New statistics show that for the first time , more than double the number of girls compared to boys seek the NHS 's gender identity development service .
In popular culture , lead characters such as Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games , Tris Prior in the Divergent series , or Eleven in Stranger Things , have sparked a revival of strong tomboyoish , females .
In the past year there have been 1,400 'assigned at birth ' females who have sought treatment , compared with 616 males .
`` It 's a very interesting question , and an important question , because it was the other way around initially , '' said Dr Polly Carmichael , who is the head of the gender identity development service .
`` There have been different ideas put forward . Some people have talked about how it is easier for girls to cross-gender identify because it 's a positive image to be a tomboy .
`` People are also wondering what it is to be a female at the moment and whether that 's something that is a cause for concern for young people . ''
Massachusetts must be doing something right .
Perhaps the nation 's most Democratic and liberal state , Massachusetts has experienced months of declining unemployment rates . The most recent data released by the state 's Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development shows that the Massachusetts unemployment rate declined again in April .
The seasonally adjusted rate was 6.3 percent . Just over a year ago , the figure was 7.5 percent , and the national figure stands at 8.1 percent .
Unemployment in Massachusetts has not been so low since before October 2008 , when it was at 6.1 percent .
The administration of Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick , a Democrat , has focused on job creation , especially in the high tech and life sciences in sector .
“ Massachusetts is leading the world in the life sciences thanks to our growth strategy of investing in education , innovation and infrastructure , ” Patrick said May 16 at a groundbreaking ceremony for a new facility . “ I am proud of this investment and I look forward to seeing the Massachusetts Accelerator for Biomanufacturing create jobs and further strengthen our leadership in the life sciences . ”
The MAB is described as the “ only facility in the United States where startups will be able to test their biomanufacturing methods and bioproducts at every stage of development and access full-service support from business and marketing to pure science support – all under one roof . The MAB is designed to serve researchers and entrepreneurs as they develop products and methods that will reshape the fields of biotherapeutics , biomedicine and green chemistry . ”
The MAB , a new facility at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , is projected to create 120 construction jobs immediately and ten permanent jobs once it is built . Beyond that , the administrations hopes it will “ strengthen Massachusetts ' standing as a world leader in the life sciences industry. ” In so doing , it is hoped , the MAB will attract more high-tech jobs to the area .
The state labor office released May 22 employment data for the city , town , and metropolitan levels . This information portrayed an increase in employment in most areas . Unemployment was down in each of the state 's statistical employment areas except for one , Amherst .
The figures also showed that the decline in unemployment was not simply due only to people having given up searching for jobs and dropping out of the labor force The state 's count of jobs is measured in twelve different areas , and 11 of them saw seasonal increases in jobs . Eight of these twelve regions saw an increase in jobs over the year ending in April .
More than 10,000 jobs were created in the Massachusetts section of the Boston metropolitan area alone . Other areas also saw big increases , including Worcester , Mass. , where nearly 4,000 jobs were created .
Patrick supporters argue that the state 's success in job creation has been strengthened by an administration that works in partnership with the federal government , especially the Obama administration . For example , money from the Obama stimulus program was used to build a highway off-ramp leading directly to the park .
Governor Patrick 's popularity extends beyond Massachusetts . Touring the country in support of his friend President Barack Obama 's reelection campaign , Patrick has drawn huge crowds , especially in the South .
Photo : Gov . Deval Patrick , right of red jacket , pitches in at MAB groundbreaking . Office of Governor Patrick // CC 2.0
Following a somewhat successful ' SNL ' return , Louis C.K . will return to TV this coming May for the long-awaited fourth season of FX 's Emmy-winner ' Louie . ' Most of the early spots have cryptically avoided the award-winning comedian 's face , but 'Louie ' himself is at last front and center in the newest promo for the May 5 premiere , despite a dire end teased .
Set to the tune of Doris Day 's `` Perhaps , Perhaps , Perhaps , '' the latest look at 'Louie ' season 4 arrives with tonight 's ' Fargo ' premiere , and shows the prolific comedian swan-diving off the Brooklyn bridge with a flower in his mouth , apparently making it through the plunge to the water below . Surreal as 'Louie ' episodes have proved , we have to wonder if any upcoming episodes of the season could see Louis C.K . in so dire a state .
Despite the 19 months in between ‘ Louie ' seasons 3 and 4 , Louis ' appearance on the new season of ‘ Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee ' saw the comedian envisioning ‘ Louie ' lasting “ seven or eight years , tops , '' while some of the scripts for season 4 have been written in collaboration with fellow comedian ( and prior guest star ) Steven Wright . The new season will also run for 14 episodes , delivering two new episodes each week for seven weeks straight .
While we wait for the Emmy-winning comedy 's return , check out the latest 'Louie ' season 4 promos above and below , and tell us what you want to see from its FX return !
There 's a Kentucky restaurant that has completely abolished tipping , and contrary to what you might expect , it actually looks like it might be great for their servers .
Since Packhouse Meats restaurant in Newport , Kentucky opened in January , it 's had signs posting everywhere making clear that tips are not part of the transaction process . The credit card slips do n't even leave a line for tips . You might think this would screw servers over ... except Packhouse 's owner , Bob Conway , actually did it in order to protect servers :
`` I 've heard the horror stories – $ 3 left on a $ 100 tab , '' he said . `` How much a server makes has nothing to do with how hard they work . Servers had quit because they could n't make ends meet . ''
I feel that so goddamn hard . Every server who 's done the job for any extended period of time has at least one story like that — I had a family run my ass ragged for two hours at Applebee 's and leave $ 5 on a $ 125 for no discernible reason other than simple fuckery .
The trick to what Conway is doing , however , is that it is n't a simple hourly : servers get paid either $ 10/hour OR 20 % of their food sales , whichever is higher . Unsurprisingly to anyone who 's ever worked as a server , Conway reports that it 's almost always the over for servers .
The reality becomes apparent as soon as you do the math : to make $ 100 , all you need to do in food sales is $ 500 . Even at a chain restaurant , you can usually sleepwalk to $ 500 in food sales on a dinner shift . At a couple places where I worked , clearing $ 1000 in food sales was n't exactly rare for a busy night — and I would 've been overjoyed to know I was guaranteed $ 200 for that sort of shift ( when , far more frequently , crappy tips would 've made it significantly less ) . If , for whatever reason , the restaurant is dead that night/day , you 're still guaranteed $ 50-60 , assuming we 're talking about 5-6 hour shifts ( the most common for non-closing servers , in my experience ) . My guess is that servers hit the $ 10/hour way more frequently on the day shift , as the food if often cheaper and there tend to be fewer customers at most restaurants during lunch .
Advertisement
This still would n't work for fine dining ( or even fine-adjacent dining , which is what I 'd consider my time at McCormick & Schmick 's ) — on my worst dinner shift at McCormick 's , I 'd still pull roughly $ 12-15/hour ( on a really good shift , such as Christmas Day , I could pull upwards of $ 35/hour ) , and alcohol ( particularly wine by the bottle ) tended to be a huge percentage of my sales . It 's also absolutely and totally untenable for a bartender unless you 're switching it to include alcohol sales ; even then , you 'd probably have to make it 30 % of sales for the math to work out . * But it could work really , really well at a chain restaurant , which is where , let 's be honest , you 're likely to get screwed the hardest as a server . Conway reports that his servers make an average of $ 15/hour under this system . I would 've danced naked on a heavily visible rooftop singing I 'm a Little Teapot when I was working at Applebee 's if it meant I 'd average $ 15/hour . Unsurprisingly , Packhouse 's employees report pretty high levels of job satisfaction .
The funny thing is , the process ultimately works out the same for the customer : restaurants slightly raise the food cost in order to cover increased labor , so a meatball that would be $ 2.40 is now $ 3.00 . It actually winds up adding to the same amount a customer would pay if they were tipping appropriately — meaning servers make what they should , the restaurant does just fine , and good customers see no difference in price . The only people inconvenienced are the dickhats who 'd otherwise leave shitty tips — and screw them anyway , since almost every terrible tipper is going to tip horribly no matter how good or bad the service was .
Though there 's not currently any collective movement in place to shift to a system like this ( and , again , it would n't work for every restaurant unless the numbers were heavily tweaked ) , it 's interesting to see a restaurant taking the first step , and heartening to see them avoid screwing over their employees in the process .
Advertisement
* Bartenders typically make at least 150 % of what servers make , and with good reason — they bust their asses to a mind-blowing degree . I was a pretty-good-but-not-great server , and I would 've made a HORRIBLE bartender . Any server who does n't respect good bartenders deserves to make nothing and have all their service bar drinks spilled on their shoes .
Image via Sean Locke Photography/Shutterstock .
Like many children , I had a severe dinosaur phase . There was a period of my life when I cared more about prehistoric reptiles than pretty much anything else .
However , it turns out that much of what I thought I knew is wrong . That is because the prevailing image of dinosaurs has always been a little slow in catching up with current scientific understanding .
Until the `` dinosaur renaissance '' of the late 1960s , dinosaurs were always depicted as sluggish and lumbering . But experts realised that they had active lifestyles , and this slowly filtered through to the public – helped by 1993 's Jurassic Park .
The past two decades have seen another major revolution in our ideas about dinosaurs , thanks to new fossils from China and advances in technology . But most of these findings have not seeped out into popular depictions of dinosaurs .
Here are some of the most famous dinosaurs , as scientists now think they were . It may seem a bit unfamiliar .
Velociraptor
Let 's begin with an idea that many have heard of , even if they are unwilling to accept it : some dinosaurs had feathers . Not just a few feathers here and there , but full coverings of plumage .
As early as the 1980s , some palaeontologists were suggesting that dinosaurs possessed feathers . Increasingly , fossils of primitive dromaeosaurids – the family to which Velociraptor belongs – were found with full feathered wings . Yet depictions of this iconic predator remained fairly traditional .
Our first impression would be that they were just very unusual-looking birds
This all changed in 2007 , when a US research team discovered `` quill knobs '' on the forearm bones of a Velociraptor fossil . These knobs are where wing feathers anchor , and provide conclusive evidence for winged , bird-like Velociraptors .
In fact , the dinosaurs immortalised as man-sized , pack-hunting monsters in Jurassic Park have been some of the most badly misrepresented .
`` If animals like Velociraptor were alive today , our first impression would be that they were just very unusual-looking birds , '' says Mark Norell of the American Museum of Natural History , part of the quill knobs team . This is not just in reference to their feathers : the real Velociraptor was only about the size of a turkey .
Michael Crichton , author of the original Jurassic Park novel , modelled his `` raptors '' after the much larger Deinonychus . He seems to have intentionally misnamed them , apparently because he felt `` Velociraptor '' sounded more dramatic .
Archaeopteryx
Archaeopteryx is widely regarded as the `` missing link '' between dinosaurs and birds . This hallowed status means it has attracted a fair bit of attention , not all of it positive .
Even if Archaeopteryx is considered the earliest bird , that label is somewhat arbitrary
Accusations of forgery have dogged Archaeopteryx fossils for years , generally coming from people uncomfortable with such clear-cut evidence for evolution .
In fact , new research suggests that Archaeopteryx may not be a missing link after all , but not for the reasons promoted by anti-evolutionists .
Upon discovering a very Archaeopteryx-like dinosaur in China , researchers speculated that the famous bird ancestor may actually have been a predecessor of small , predatory dinosaurs like Velociraptor . This has since been contested .
Even if Archaeopteryx is considered the earliest bird , that label is somewhat arbitrary . `` It 's basically impossible to draw a line on the [ evolutionary ] tree between dinosaurs and birds , '' says Steve Brusatte of the University of Edinburgh in the UK , co-author of a 2014 paper exploring the evolution of early birds .
It seems there was no one missing link between birds and dinosaurs , just a gradual transition featuring lots and lots of feathery intermediates .
Triceratops
The eternal nemesis of Tyrannosaurus and of every parent who has had a plastic one embedded in their foot , Triceratops is one of the most beloved dinosaurs .
Even famous species can sometimes be reclassified
So in 2009 , when John Scannella and John Horner published a paper suggesting that Triceratops was just a juvenile version of the larger , but less well-known , Torosaurus , there was uproar . The hashtag # TriceraFAIL was coined . People thought their favourite dinosaur was being consigned to the scrapheap .
That was not the case . Before long , various commentators pointed out that Triceratops had been discovered first , so if anything got the chop it would be Torosaurus .
Even so , this is a crucial lesson . Our knowledge of dinosaurs is often based on meagre fossil evidence , so even famous species can sometimes be reclassified .
Brontosaurus
Any true dinosaur aficionados will immediately recognise the mistake here .
In a family of enormous reptiles , Apatosaurus is just that little bit more enormous
Brontosaurus was the name given to the archetypal sauropod : a huge , lumbering plant-eater with a long neck . But for well over a century scientist , have been sure that this dinosaur never actually existed .
In fact , the skeleton first presented as Brontosaurus was an Apatosaurus , with a skull based on that of Camarosaurus .
However , in 2015 a research team revealed new analyses demonstrating significant differences between the original Brontosaurus and Apatosaurus fossils , suggesting that the Brontosaurus genus should be resurrected .
The key distinguishing factor , the team says , is size . In a family of enormous reptiles , Apatosaurus is just that little bit more enormous .
Tyrannosaurus rex
Some researchers are determined to emasculate Tyrannosaurus . Having spent decades fending off accusations that it was a lowly scavenger , rather than the ferocious hunter of popular imagination , now the `` tyrant lizard '' is facing another image crisis .
As the feathered revolution swept palaeontology , experts began to ponder the Tyrannosaurus genus . Surely the most charismatic predator of all time could not have been fluffy ?
Would a feathery Tyrannosaurus have been less scary ?
No plumage has so far been found on the 50-plus specimens of T. rex unearthed across North America . But there are some intriguing clues coming from China .
In 2004 , a primitive tyrannosauroid was found with a covering of feathers similar to those found in other small , predatory dinosaurs .
This was followed by the the 2012 discovery of Yutyrannus – meaning `` feathered tyrant '' . This giant predator was closely related to T. rex and not far off it in size . It was covered in long plumes .
These findings suggest a whole new look for the most famous predator of all time .
The question is , would a feathery Tyrannosaurus have been less scary than the roaring , lawyer-chomping monster we all know and love ?
Stegosaurus
Experts have a proud history of coming up with wacky explanations for strange dinosaur features ; explanations that tend to creep into the popular canon and stubbornly remain there .
For instance , a widely-circulated `` fact '' about Stegosaurus is that it possessed a supplementary brain in its pelvic cavity , to make up for the tiny one it its head .
Sex could have been the key driver for many of the most extravagant traits observed in dinosaurs
Stegosaurus was probably not the sharpest tool in the box , but that does not mean it needed a bonus brain . The enlarged cavity that inspired this myth probably housed a `` glycogen body '' : a structure found in many birds , possibly involved in energy storage .
Then there are the plates on its back .
For some time , the most popular theory was that Stegosaurus 's most prominent attributes were essentially `` solar panels '' to help it regulate its body temperature . But this has since been disputed . After all , if that is what the plates evolved for , why are the adornments of other stegosaurs more like spikes than panels ?
The great variety seen in stegosaur spikes plays into another line of thinking . Much like the bright and varied plumage of tropical birds , maybe the plates helped these dinosaurs identify one another and pick mates .
Sex could have been the key driver for many of the most extravagant traits observed in dinosaurs . In recent years , everything from the long necks of sauropods to the frills of ceratopsians like Triceratops has been attributed to sexual selection .
Pachycephalosaurus
Though not part of the dinosaur A-team , Pachycephalosaurus is well-known among more discerning dino-fans for one thing : ramming heads .
Pachycephalosaurs could only head-butt once , and that trauma would have likely killed them
These dinosaurs are almost exclusively depicted engaged in combat , charging at one another head-first . Pachycephalosaurus had a dome-shaped head with a heavily-reinforced skull , and the dominant idea has been that males used these built-in battering rams to fight each other , rather like modern day bighorn sheep .
But some researchers have voiced doubts about whether Pachycephalosaurus could have engaged in such fights .
`` [ Our findings suggest ] that pachycephalosaurs could only head-butt once , and that trauma would have likely killed them , '' says John Horner of Montana State University , USA , who co-authored an investigation into the microstructure of their skull tissue . He suggests that the domes could be another useful display structure for attracting mates .
Ankylosaurus
Covered from head to tail in thick armour plates , Ankylosaurus was the medieval knight of the Cretaceous period .
The armour was thereby endowed with great strength in all directions
Modern palaeontologists employ technology to wring ever more detailed information from fossils . This was demonstrated in 2004 by Torsten Scheyer at the University of Bonn , Germany , who used polarisation microscopy to uncover remarkable new layers of complexity in Ankylosaurus armour .
Far from being the oversized scales that experts had previously envisaged , the armour turned out to have a complex microstructure of bone and collagen , analogous to the structure of fibreglass or Kevlar .
`` The armour was thereby endowed with great strength in all directions , '' says Scheyer . It would also have been surprisingly lightweight . `` Today 's composite materials , which are used to make the rotor blades for wind farms or bullet-proof vests , are based on the same principle . ''
It seems the Ankylosaurus was less a clunking medieval knight , a more modern super-soldier .
Spinosaurus
Another dinosaur made famous by a Jurassic Park movie , Spinosaurus was shown engaging in an epic showdown with Tyrannosaurus , with predictably riotous results .
Working on this animal was like studying an alien from outer space
You can see why the film-makers chose Spinosaurus . At 50 feet ( 15.2m ) long , it was 9 feet ( 2.7m ) longer than Tyrannosaurus . It also possessed long , menacing jaws , and a freaky `` sail '' jutting out of its back .
Spinosaurus has always been a mystery , known only from skeletal fragments unearthed in the deserts of North Africa . Then , in 2014 , a team led by Nizar Ibrahim of the University of Chicago in Illinois , USA , announced that they had discovered new remains . These fossils seem to confirm something long suspected : Spinosaurus is the only known aquatic dinosaur .
Ibrahim 's analysis suggested a creature with small hind limbs more suited to swimming than hunting on land . It also had a long , crocodilian snout , and bone microstructure similar to that of other aquatic vertebrates .
`` Working on this animal was like studying an alien from outer space , '' says Ibrahim . `` It 's unlike any other dinosaur I have ever seen . ''
Bonus : Pterosaurs
This one does not quite count , because pterosaurs were not actually dinosaurs : a fact that gets overlooked from time to time .
Some members of this group stood as tall as giraffes
For many people , the name `` pterodactyl '' is the most familiar . But this only refers to one of the many groups of flying reptiles , which are collectively called `` pterosaurs '' . The group was actually enormously diverse .
At one end of the spectrum you have Nemicolopterus , a tiny pterosaur with a wingspan of only 25cm ( 10 inches ) .
Then there are the big boys : the azhdarchids . When crouched on the ground , some members of this group stood as tall as giraffes . When they stretched out their wings , their span would have been a whopping 10m ( 32.8 feet ) . By some distance , they were the largest flying animals of all time .
And yet , the most popular recent depiction of these giants , illustrated above , is as terrestrial foragers , occupying a similar niche to modern-day storks .
My reddit gifter contacted me and was having trouble thinking of a present . They asked if I had anything in mind , and I requested they donate the gift , or possibly buy some toys for underprivileged children . Instead , they went above and beyond , and did something I can only describe as amazing ! They contacted the local High School ( Fountain Mesa ) and got in touch with the head of the science department . My gift comes in the form of a cash donation that will go to the first place winner of their local science fair . Words can not explain ! Science has had such a huge impact in my life , and to be even the smallest part of encouraging it makes me feel incredibly special . To my gifter , whoever you are , you have made my year ! Best gift I have ever received . Thank you so incredibly much !
We are now two days into testing of the new F1 cars at Barcelona and although no-one is yet making predictions for the season that lies ahead , the teams have an initial sense of where they stand on baseline performance .
That said , with a major rule change such as this one there will be large steps made on development throughout the year and the performance levels will fluctuate as a result . We will see some significant new aero developments on cars at next week 's test , for example , worth half a second to a second a lap in some cases . So the picture is fluid .
But it is possible to see a rough outline of where teams stand now and draw some interesting notes and pointers from what has happened so far .
So with the help of our JA on F1 technical team here is our take on the undercurrents from testing .
Mercedes has plenty in hand
Lewis Hamilton said on Monday that his car is `` 1,000 times better '' than its rivals . So is another Mercedes whitewash in store , despite a major regulation change ?
Although everyone says you ca n't learn much from testing , that 's not entirely true . It is true that F1 has become very hard for even knowledgeable F1 enthusiasts to follow , as the problem is that these days there are so many variables , different tyre compounds can be evaluated ( although here there are compounds and 'back ups ' which have a slightly different construction and performance ) but there are more tricky things like whether a driver used DRS on the straight or not . Another is whether the ERS is running 'sustainable mode ' or not , which is worth 6/10ths of a second either way .
And above the biggest variable early on is what level of fuel he uses ; typically teams like to run around with 70-80kg in the tank , but some run lower around 30-40kg . You only find that out when they do a 'step change ' from high fuel to lower fuel . Then you start to get a picture of underlying pace , albeit still with caveats about engine modes .
On Day 1 Ferrari and Williams were the only ones to do a ‘ step change ' during the day 's running ie run two different fuel levels during the day . This gives us an indication of their higher fuel ( 70-80kg ) and lower fuel ( 30-40kg ) pace . This shows their hand a bit ; we can draw some conclusions from that .
In contrast , Mercedes kept a steady fuel load , likely to have been in the 70-80kg range from past experience . So they were not giving anything away . Assuming they were running a similar programme to last year fuel wise ( because why would n't they ? ) it looked like the Mercedes is a good bit faster than the Ferrari .
On Tuesday we got some more information from the second day 's running . Hamilton again looked fast , but Valtteri Bottas seemed to be struggling more for pace . He also had a minor off . When Bottas is in the car , it 's on the same pace as Ferrari . When Hamilton is in the Silver Arrow , it 's faster .
How can some cars do 700km on Day 1 and others break down ?
It 's been a shocking start for McLaren , with problems on the new Honda engine from the outset on Day 1 and only 40 laps for Vandoorne today . An oil tank design issue is one possible cause doing the rounds .
In contrast Mercedes did 700km on Day 1 and over 1,000 today , while Ferrari covered 500km today .
The top teams can do this , partly thanks to a reliable engine , but also thanks to their dynamic test rigs , which are multi million dollar pieces of equipment that 'test ' the car back in the factory before it gets anywhere near a race track .
These machines have been around for a couple of years and they are the reason that we see such high mileages in Barcelona . Red Bull has one too , but Adrian Newey 's complex designs and last minute aero updates mean that the team do n't get the car onto their dynamic rig until the last minute . It 's always impressive to see the midfield teams without a rig doing over 100 laps as Haas did today or over 80 as Force India managed .
The high-risk Ferrari aero design works , but is the car fast enough ?
When the new Ferrari was rolled out last Friday the Italian sports paper Gazzetta dello Sport put it on the front page with a headline `` Ferrari risks everything '' . After years of not being very innovative , Ferrari 's new aero team under David Sanchez has gone properly left field with the treatment of the leading edge of the floor , sidepods and turning vanes , with some very complex shapes . The good news is that the various parts of the Ferrari aerodynamic journey seem to work , in other words it is not a turkey .
But that 's not to say that it is fast enough to compete with Mercedes , which has a very highly curated car and clearly a step on the engine too .
Today we saw Raikkonen go the fastest on the first flying lap of a five lap run on soft tyres in 1m 20.960s . We could also see from the long runs that Raikkonen was comfortably in the 1m 24s and the car seems quite gentle on the tyres on race runs . There was a 'cliff ' on the Pirelli tyres today , but it was less pronounced for Raikkonen than for Bottas on his race distance , for example .
Qualifying pace has been a real weakness for Ferrari and it will be very interesting to see where they are when they do their first qualifying simulation run in Barcelona .
Red Bull had comparable long run times with Verstappen so they look reasonably close . But all teams will have some major aerodynamic updates for next week 's test and Melbourne which could be worth up to a second , so it 's still way too early to say how the front three rows of the grid will look in Australia .
Incidentally a Technical Directive went out from the FIA to teams about the clever suspension systems that adjust the cars ' ride heights between corners and straights , which Ferrari has been questioning , as they are n't up to speed on it . The TD featured some guidelines on how the systems will be evaluated during the season . Despite the clarification it seems that there is nothing at this stage for Mercedes and Red Bull to worry about unduly from this development .
New Pirelli tyres do n't degrade much - how many stops in races this year ?
We have n't seen F1 tyres that do not degrade since Bridgestone left the sport in 2010 .
However with the switch to the wider front and rear tyres there were signs during the mule car testing and again on day 1 in Barcelona that this would appear to have changed . Unlike the old size tyre , this wider format is a tyre dimension to which Pirelli can build a tyre that does n't suffer from temperature spikes and thus is very stable and robust .
On Day 2 , however , when the drivers began to push a bit more , we saw some degradation and there was even a noticeable 'cliff ' of performance , after which they needed to be changed as the margin to a new tyre was growing . This is quite encouraging and hopefully Pirelli has the balance right between a tyre to stop the drivers complaining about `` not being able to push '' , but with a small degree of degradation to keep intrigue in the strategy side of the races . What we must avoid is races becoming mostly one-stoppers , as in the Bridgestone days . The mechanics would be happy as these new rear wheels are 5kg heavier and that makes pit stops backbreaking work .
In general we 'd hazard a guess there will be one stop fewer at each venue than last year . On tracks where there is no degradation , cars will finish in car performance order as there are few things that midfield teams can do to get the likes of a Perez or a Grosjean ahead of the bigger teams , without using tyre choice and smart driving .
Good news for Red Bull and Toro Rosso : New Renault engine looks a really good step forward
The signs are that the Renault engine is a good step stronger than last year 's motor . And Red Bull has demonstrated that through the speed trap on both days so far . It 's been a very long time since we saw Red Bull among the top three through the speed trap , but they have clearly more power and also a very efficient car aerodynamically . So it 's got plenty of downforce in the corners but without costly drag on the straights .
In contrast , the Toro Rosso looks a decent car , but it 's clearly draggy on the straights .
Conclusions so far ?
It 's very early days , but Mercedes is clearly still the team to beat . Ferrari looks good , especially on long runs and Red Bull has not shown its hand yet on lap times , but the corner speeds and straight line speeds indicate that it 's a competitive car .
Behind them we have what appears a reasonably tight midfield with Williams , Haas , Toro Rosso and Force India probably in that order , very close on pace .
Then comes Renault , with Sauber on its own at the back .
McLaren is a question mark because the tiny amount of running it has done has been with everything turned down for reliability reasons , so corner speeds , straight speeds are all down . It 's too early to say that this is 2015 all over again for them , but there will be some anxiety in that team 's garage this week .
While naps are often difficult for most people because of 9-to-5 workdays and busy modern lives , the benefits of midday shuteye on heart health may be worth a change in schedule . Photo by Daniel M Ernst/Shutterstock
LONDON , Aug. 31 ( UPI ) -- Researchers found in a new study that taking a midday nap can be beneficial for lowering blood pressure and reducing the risk for cardiovascular events , which can also decrease the number of drugs required for hypertension .
Naps have largely been considered a luxurious habit for those with the time in their day , and were espoused by Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher , however there had been little research to investigate their potential benefits .
`` Our study shows that not only is midday sleep associated with lower blood pressure , but longer sleeps are even more beneficial , '' Dr. Manolis Kallistratos , a cardiologist at Asklepieion Voula General Hospital , said in a press release . `` Midday sleepers had greater dips in blood pressure while sleeping at night , which is associated with better health outcomes . We also found that hypertensive patients who slept at noon were under fewer antihypertensive medications compared to those who did n't sleep midday . ''
The researchers studied the effect of naps on 200 men and 186 women with an average age of 61.4 who have arterial hypertension . Participants were monitored for midday sleep time in minutes , office blood pressure , 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure , pulse wave velocity , two lifestyle habits , body mass index and were given a complete echocardiographic evaluation .
The researchers adjusted for factors that can affect blood pressure , such as age , gender , BMI , smoking , exercise and consumption of salt , alcohol and coffee .
Participants who took naps had a 5 percent lower average 24-hour blood pressure -- their average systolic blood pressure was 4 percent lower when awake and 6 percent lower when they slept -- compared with those who went napless . In those who napped , the pulse wave velocity in their hearts was 11 percent lower and the diameter of their left ventricles were 5 percent smaller , both of which indicate less stress on their hearts from high blood pressure .
Researchers also found that although all those who took naps had lower 24-hour blood pressure and larger dips in blood pressure while sleeping at night , those who napped tended to need fewer antihypertensive drugs because of the benefits to their blood pressure and hearts .
RELATED Eating raw oysters carries risk of human norovirus
`` Μidday sleep is a habit that nowadays is almost a privileged due to a 9-to-5 working culture and intense daily routine , '' Kallistratos said , explaining that finding time for midday sleep is worth the effort . `` We found that midday sleep is associated with lower 24-hour blood pressure , an enhanced fall of BP in night , and less damage to the arteries and the heart . The longer the midday sleep , the lower the systolic BP levels and probably fewer drugs needed to lower BP . ''
The study was presented at the ESC Congress 2015 .
Weird
[ Update 2 : A second photo reveals that the bottom jack may be a headphone/audio port . ]
[ Update : Multiple sources have confirmed that the photo is real , but is an early prototype . ]
Remember when we told you of rumblings on the next PlayStation system 's controller and how it might have a touchscreen ? Well , get a look at this strange thing . This image looks like a PlayStation-style controller plugged into something that looks like a development kit .
It does look like a touchscreen has been worked into the middle of the controller . What 's that thing on the top ? Also , get a load of those analog sticks . They look like belly buttons . Gross !
Apparently they 've tried out several versions of controllers for whatever this next game system is ; it 's possible that this is one of them .
There 's a chance we 'll know more next week at Sony 's big reveal of ... something in New York .
I like the touchscreen thing ( if that 's what it is ) , but I was kind of hoping that this is fake so I do n't have to think any harder about what the blue light is for . Do n't say it !
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery :
Pax South is just less than a week away now and already people are calling it the Pax South of the year . I will be in attendance although you might see me zipping around on a scooter sometimes . I 'm feeling much better now but my doctor does n't want me to push it and the scooter has already been rented . Let 's talk pins !
PARTNER PINS
Clank and Bandit Queen [ Dire Wolf Digital ]
Available for $ 15 each at the Dire Wolf Digital Booth # 10641 . Will also be given away to players who win demo games throughout the weekend .
Edith Finch [ Annapurna Interactive ]
Attendees who complete a playthrough of the Edith Finch demo at Annapurna Interactive Booth # 11022 will recieve a pin .
Child 's Play 2017 [ Child 's Play ]
Available for $ 20 each at the Child 's Play Booth # 10485 .
Falcon [ tinyBuildGAMES ]
Available for $ 15 each at the tinyBuildGAMES Booth # 10669 .
Thrax [ Toonhound Studios ]
Available for $ 15 each at the Toonhound Studios Booth # 10071 .
I will be getting my hands on that Edith Finch pin as soon as humanly possible . We also have a cool show set for you this year . I 'm drawing all of the covers to this year 's Pax guides and they are all based on the same theme . Each one will be based on a level from an imaginary Penny Arcade platform game . We will also be pulling the show set of pins from each cover . Here 's the first cover I did for Pax South and you can see the pins below .
SHOW PINS
PAX South 2017 Pin Set
Available at both PAX Merch Booths .
Limited Edition PAX South 2017 Pin
ONLY available at the PAX Merch Lite Booth
I 'm having a lot of fun with the covers as you can probably guess . I think for pin fans it will be really cool to display the show set alongside the cover from that year . Hopefully you all dig the idea…because we are already done with the next one and we ca n't really change the plan right now .
Anyway !
PIN QUEST
Get your Pin Quest here .
-Gabe out
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hello - and welcome to our first Everton fans ' podcast .
The Liverpool ECHO has , for some time now , been heavily criticised by a section of Everton supporters who feel we do not do enough to challenge and campaign for change in the boardroom at Goodison Park .
We decided to invite leaders of several of those fan groups in to air their views and discuss them with our Everton Editor Greg O'Keeffe and Deputy Head of Sport David Prentice - all with a view to producing a podcast .
Other fans groups , plus a representative from the club itself , had also been invited to attend .
The club 's future , investment search , new stadium plans and other matters were all talked about in a wide-ranging discussion .
Here is the resulting debate ....
Introduction :
Energy , we use it all the time . To charge our phones , keep us warm when it 's cold outside , to keep our clocks ticking when we 're asleep . Do you know how much our use of energy effects our environment ? The air we breathe ? If you can help us to make this project to reality , we do n't ever have to worry about it anymore . But we 're not there yet .
Based on earlier released magnet engines we are trying to make your use of energy more environmentally friendly , no matter how much you need .
We already know that this works . We just have to make it bigger , to show the world that this is the way to save our environment .
What we 're going to do :
- Build a bigger version of the magnet engine
- Measure how much energy the generator delivers .
- Fly around the world to contact energy providers .
Why magnet motors really work :
Reasons include : no heat , it runs at ambient temperature • Dr. Jorge Duarte has measured 240 Watts for 5 hours and has seen inside : `` no battery '' ; `` I know it works '' • other professionals impressed • stop/start performance consistent with torque source expected from magnet motor • movement of small motor is consistent with magnet behavior • many evidences of many magnets inside .
Expected results :
When we have enough support to turn this concept into reality we do not expect instant results , this takes some time . First energy providers have to start replacing the power plants with new generators . If everything goes as planned , results will show up in 2020 . We expect the amount off energy generated by other methodes to be reduced with 26.9 % in 2020 , and hopefully that number will increase over time .
UFC Fight Night : Bigfoot vs. Mir will go down as one of the most improbable events in UFC history . After Ivan Jorge defeated Josh Shockley to open the Fight Pass prelims , not one other betting favorite won . That 's 10 straight bouts where the underdog came out on top . Per one source of calculation , the odds on the first 8 underdogs winning their bouts came back at 63,000 to 1 . Which is to say that a bet of one dollar would have paid back $ 63,000 through the first 8 fights alone .
Need ... time machine ... RT @ MMA_predictions : A $ 100 parlay of the 8 underdogs that won would of won you 6.3 million . pic.twitter.com/0bx9ODyRTh — Shaheen Al-Shatti ( @ shaunalshatti ) February 23 , 2015
All of which meant that bookies apparently lost big off the UFC 's bizarro betting card . Kevin Bradley , sportsbook manager for Bovada.lv , spoke to ESPN.com after the event , reporting that they lost close to a million dollars off underdog performances down in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
`` We had at least a dozen of these bets that paid out $ 10,000 or more , '' Bradley said .
...
`` We 're not getting this money back from the people that won , '' Bradley said . `` The type of bettor that wins these bets throws a small amount of money on all the favorites or all the underdogs to try to get rich . Well , I guess it worked . ''
Other reports , from ESPN sports business reporter Darren Rovell , show a number of big scores for gamblers :
Massive UFC parlay bet wins from last night continue to roll in pic.twitter.com/u4q6esuXHg ( H/T @ LongWayToTipp ) — Darren Rovell ( @ darrenrovell ) February 23 , 2015
As well as a report that some finicky rules saw Oddsmaker.ag bettors get capped off at payouts of $ 150,000 , despite advertising a potential for much , much more .
$ 5 9-underdog UFC parlay said it would pay $ 536K , site @ oddsmaker told bettor max payout was $ 150K ( H/T @ frizzmuney ) pic.twitter.com/LcfBHuO0EO — Darren Rovell ( @ darrenrovell ) February 23 , 2015
Still , even at 1/4th the price , these losses are a bit of a gut check for an industry that rarely comes up in the red when all is said and done .
Benham Satah says he is being stalked by guards at the detention centre and has made repeated requests to be moved to a safer compound on Manus
The key witness in the Reza Barati murder trial has renewed calls to be transferred to a different compound saying he is being stalked by guards and fears he will be killed at the Manus Island detention centre .
Witness in Reza Barati murder trial says he is dogged by death threats Read more
Benham Satah 's repeated requests to be moved to a safer compound in the centre have been rejected , but now , a public petition to bring him to Australia has attracted more than 15,000 signatures .
Calls to PNG Immigration about Satah 's case have not been returned . Guardian Australia has submitted questions to detention centre manager Broadspectrum . The Australian Department of Immigration and Border Protection has declined to comment .
Satah , a Kurdish Iranian asylum seeker who has been held in the Manus Island detention centre for more than two years , told Guardian Australia he was most fearful at night : “ Every single moment I think that someone might kill me . ”
In October he was taken to court against his will , where he initially refused to testify , citing threats he would be killed . Taken a second time , and after being promised by Justice Nicholas Kirriwom and Manus Island detention centre operators he would be offered additional protection , Satah gave evidence against two local men accused of killing Reza Barati .
Barati , an Iranian asylum seeker , was beaten to death during a night of violence on 17 February 2014 . He was hit with a nail-studded piece of wood and had a large rock dropped on his head .
More than 60 asylum seekers were injured in three days of rioting in the centre , including one man who was shot in the buttocks , one who lost an eye and one who had his throat slit .
Satah saw Barati die and provided a statement to police – matched by his evidence in court – saying he had seen more than a dozen people , including PNG nationals and expatriate guards , attack Barati as he lay prone at the top of a staircase .
Since being forced to testify publicly in court , Satah says he has been targeted by guards , and fears he will be killed for giving evidence in the trial of his friend 's alleged killers .
Expats allegedly involved in Reza Barati murder not returned to PNG , court told Read more
He says he suffers from “ excruciating ” chest pain , and his left arm and leg have been weakened , so he has trouble walking . He says doctors have told him it is caused by stress .
“ I can never leave my room , it is not safe , ” Sateh said . “ I only go out for meals and to bathroom . At night time I can go to the mess because there is a [ security ] camera there . ”
After being returned from court , Satah was returned to the SAA compound within the Manus Island detention centre , used for housing people suffering mental health issues , and where he was quarantined from local guards .
But after two weeks , Satah says , eight local guards came into the compound , “ including one man who was involved in killing Reza Barati ” .
“ It was not an accident , they came to intimidate me , to show they can get to me wherever I am . ”
Satah has since been moved to Foxtrot compound , but formal requests to be returned to Mike compound , where Satah says he feels safest , were rejected in December .
“ After careful consideration and extensive discussion ... your request to move compounds has been denied , ” his first rejection read , without further explanation .
Closed doors and troubled minds : the anguish of Christmas Island 's detention centre Read more
He says guards sit at the back of his accommodation block , watching him throughout the day .
“ When I walk somewhere they humiliate me and say this is the consequences of your actions , you should not have testified , ” he said .
“ At night , I can not sleep in here . Every single moment I think that someone might kill me . Every time I hear someone pass , I hear footsteps , I am alert , I think someone is coming to do something to me . ”
In Australia , supporters and friends of Satah have begun a petition through change.org calling for him to be moved to Australia .
“ Since [ Satah 's ] testimony he has been subject to death threats from the Manus Island guards . Additionally , every day guards spend several hours each morning watching him through the window of his room in an attempt to intimidate him . He has genuine fears for his safety and , in spite of promises from the PNG court , is not being protected , ” the petition says .
“ We ask that Benham Satah be brought immediately to Australia and settled in the community . We believe that justice can only exist where witnesses are protected and that Behnam can not be protected in PNG . ”
The petition has attracted more than 13,000 signatures . It is Australian government policy that no asylum seeker who comes to Australia by boat will ever be settled in Australia , though almost half of the people who arrived on the same boat as Satah are currently living in Australia .
Reza Barati 's family : 'We want answers . What did they do to him ? ' Read more
External to Satah 's safety concerns , the trial of the two men alleged to have killed Barati has been mired in controversy , and has now been stalled for months .
Approaching the second anniversary of Barati 's death , only Joshua Kaluvia and Louie Efi , both 29 , have ever been arrested or charged with his death , despite significant evidence up to 15 people were involved in killing him .
Kaluvia and Efi are alleged to have been ringleaders in the violence on 17 February .
But they have pleaded not guilty and told Guardian Australia from Lorengau prison they were not involved . “ We do n't trust what is happening to us , we do n't trust we will get a fair trial ... we did not commit this crime , ” Efi said .
The trial concluded on 29 September , but days later , Kirriwom took the extraordinary decision to re-open the trial , after receiving a letter from the two accused arguing their constitutional right to a fair trial had been breached because the state-appointed public solicitor running their defence called no witnesses other than them .
The trial will reportedly re-open early in 2016 to hear further evidence , though it is not known when it will restart , or who Kaluvia and Efi will call in their defence .
Trial of PNG men accused of Reza Barati murder to reopen with more evidence Read more
Beyond Kaluvia and Efi 's defence , the trial has been controversial because , despite substantial evidence up to 15 people were involved in killing Barati , including expatriate employees of the detention centre , only the two PNG men have been charged .
One witness statement provided to police says : “ Reza Barati was bleeding very heavily from the injury on head . I saw Reza Barati was still alive at that time when he was lying on the wire floor . The G4S guards who were chasing him from behind reached him and kicked him [ Barati ] on his head with their boots . I saw about a total of 13 G4S local officers and two expatriate officers kicked Reza Barati in his head with their boots . He was putting up his hands trying to block the blows from the boots . ”
At least two expatriate guards have been named in statements to police . They can not be named for legal reasons , but their identities are known to police . They were taken from Manus Island following the riots .
“ They want to convict us so that nobody else , no Australians or New Zealanders who are responsible , have to face justice , ” Kaluvia said from Lorengau prison . “ We have to take the blame for them because we are PNG . They think we do n't matter . ”
Man who led Manus Island inquiries to review adverse Asio security findings Read more
Manus MP Ronnie Knight , says the limited prosecution highlights a legal double standard : “ One law for the locals , and no laws for the expats . The locals do n't matter , and the expats get off , they can do what they like . ”
Apparent impunity for expatriate workers on Manus Island has been the source of continuing and escalating tension on the island .
Following an alleged drugging and gang rape of a local woman by Wilson Security employees in July , three suspects were quickly flown off the island and out of PNG police jurisdiction , despite calls for them to be returned , and reported promises from detention centre operator Broadspectrum , that they would be sent back .
In December , an Australian detention centre worker is alleged to have robbed a local bar of beer and cigarettes and then crashed a car in his attempt to flee . He , too , was flown off the island before police could speak with him .
N Srinivasan
The BCCI snooping case takes a new turn as it has been revealed that the UK firm , which was hired by N Srinivasan to spy on board officials , was paid $ 900,000 for the job .
This development comes days after media reports that alleged Srinivasan paid Rs 14 crore of the Indian cricket board 's money to spy on other members of the BCCI .
According to reports , the 70-year-old ICC chairman allegedly used BCCI funds to pay a London-based private agency to tap the phones of board officials and hack their e-mails .
It is learnt that an official probe into the matter , headed by BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur , will soon be launched . The board will investigate why the former BCCI chief allegedly snooped on its members and who authorized the hefty sum that was being spent for this purpose .
The Indian cricket board is expected to meet for its first working committee meeting under the new President Jagmohan Dalmiya on Sunday to discuss the appointment of next India coach , CSK 's low de-merger valuation of Rs 5 lakh and Neeraj Kumar 's appointment as the ACU 's chief consultant , apart from the latest allegations .
Srinivasan-owned India Cements are already in the dock over their claim that the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) giants Chennai Super Kings ( CSK ) are worth just Rs 5 lakh . However , the IPL Governing Council has refused to accept this valuation and has not ratified the sale of the team .
`` There are a lot of grey areas in the valuation of CSK . The matter will certainly come up for discussion at the Working Committee meeting in Kolkata on April 26 . We will get clearer picture about it after the WC meeting , '' an IPL governing council member had said .
Of any major NFL city , no one understands or knows good quarterbacks less than those related to the Chicago Bears . This is n't up for debate .
When you 've never had a top-tier passer in the modern era , when your best quarterback ever played in the 1940 's ( Sid Luckman ) , any emblem of consistency , or lack of turnovers for the `` Monsters Of The Midway '' , somehow becomes palatable .
When you have n't had an elite quarterback in decades , `` fine '' play is welcomed with open arms .
The standard and bar to clear in Chicago for a good quarterback is not making an egregious mistake i.e . a turnover . A very , very low bar indeed . With that in mind , the rest of a game , even if inherently completely mediocre , can be washed away as long as there 's no magnifying negative highlight to point to .
Just think of the Jay Cutler era and how the perception of his quality play was never wholly appreciated on a wide level because of his penchant for turnovers semi-regularly . There are still people who believe Cutler was one of the worst quarterbacks of the 21st century instead of the average signal caller he really was because of this . When you find a quarterback that does n't make the same boneheaded mistakes , but does n't tilt the field either like Glennon , it becomes `` fine '' because at least he 's not making those mistakes .
After years of either defending a physically gifted but flawed quarterback or forming an angry mob to run him out of town , the argument has now shifted to defending a quarterback who might as well not exist ( Chicago 's first touchdown drive of the season had no passes ) or demanding better . In the past , defending the physically gifted but flawed quarterback was the proper thought - within reason - as demanding better is now .
The Bears ca n't resist quarterback controversy , ever , can they ?
“ I thought it was good . We have room for improvement everywhere . When you come up short , obviously it 's a bitter pill . Like the whole football team , we played pretty well but not good enough , '' said Bears head coach John Fox describing the play of his starting quarterback Mike Glennon , following the team 's 23-17 loss to the Atlanta Falcons .
As usual , ultimately non-committal words from Fox but somehow still giving the impression that Glennon 's play overall was okay or put the Bears in position to win . Which is interesting . And wholly misguided .
Look at the conversation surrounding the Bears after falling six yards short of completing the massive upset against Atlanta and a common strange thread concerning Glennon develops , all ignited by Fox 's `` good . ''
Let 's be perfectly clear : Glennon was n't the sole reason the Bears fell to the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday . The brunt of the blame of a loss never falls all on one player , even the quarterback . The defense after a mostly stellar effort let up several huge plays to tight end Austin Hooper - including an 88-yard dagger of a touchdown - that sticks out for one . And , this is n't necessarily a call for Mitchell Trubisky to start immediately even though Chicago should sincerely consider inserting the future as fast as possible .
No , here , the argument can be easily made that the Bears were only in position to win in spite of Glennon . Only the most minute of credit can go to the 27-year-old . He was merely passable in the end , but anything but good . An 86.8 passer rating makes it seem like Glennon played well throughout when that 's a falsehood . Look at the tale of the tape .
Through approximately three quarters , Glennon had 41 passing yards . 41 . Let that sink in . An accomplishment incredibly difficult to achieve in the pass-happy NFL of 2017 .
For a little over the last 12 minutes of the first half , the Bears did n't complete a pass . A 27-minute stretch even elapsed between complete passes for the Bears . Considering the dink-and-dunk nature employed by Glennon and even Chicago 's offensive scheme on Sunday ( running back swing passes galore ) , all of those facts are egregiously horrendous .
On the surface when taking a look at the box score , Glennon 's day against Atlanta in his first start in two years was n't so bad . He completed 26 of 40 passes for 213 yards and a touchdown . A game manager through and through .
But everything of consequence for Glennon happened in the fourth quarter where he was 18 of 27 for 163 yards and his lone touchdown to Tarik Cohen . When the Falcons , after mugging Chicago 's offense following halftime adjustments , sat back and let the Bears have every route underneath . ( Future note for all : stop this madness of the prevention defense . )
So in turn a quarterback with no dynamic talent at receiver or himself individually was then able to relatively pick apart a fast and athletic defense that had been bullying him for most of the day to that point . Yet because the Bears are sitting there with a chance to win the game in the final minute , that first three quarters of atrociousness from Glennon goes out the window , completely absolving him ? That 's not how it works .
You do n't award a quarterback all the credit simply because his team was in position to win the game . Quarterback wins in such a team sport like football are so illogical , so ridiculously out-of-sorts to even consider . The Bears were in position because of a mostly solid defensive effort and electric all-purpose debut by Cohen . If Glennon had finished Chicago 's comeback , the narrative would 've undoubtedly been much more positive and less contentious than it is right now . He would 've been awarded the baton . It still would n't have erased the fact that he did largely nothing for most of the game .
That 's a dangerous method of evaluation . That 's a step towards sensationalism . That 's lazy excuse making and headline popping to it 's highest degree . Glennon 's play was not `` fine '' enough to warrant anything along those lines .
Yes , Glennon had pitfalls he had to work through . Actual roadblocks for a guy experiencing his first start in two years .
Right now , the Bears may have the worst receiving corps in professional football . That 's what happens when Deonte Thompson and Joshua Bellamy are your top two receivers in the fourth quarter . Their best wideout might be a 5-foot-6 , 179 pound tailback in Cohen . With a lack of weapons , it 'll be difficult for any quarterback to succeed if no one can get open .
And for whatever reason , Chicago 's coaching staff elected to put the training wheels on the veteran . Offensive coordinator Dowell Loggains and company likely elected to play it safe with a guy like Glennon who only has now 20 career starts under his belt , but how does continually checking down or going with a 70-30 pass to run ratio help any quarterback get comfortable ? News flash : it does n't .
Still , Glennon was objectively all over the place even within the confines of a safe offense . I suspect the offensive line wo n't be happy with him in post-game film evaluation on some of the four sacks he took , for one . He 's not exonerated altogether because of the limitations of other parts of Chicago 's offense . A good quarterback can turn receivers into playmakers ( cough ) , keep that in mind . A good quarterback can test a defense down field regardless of the play call .
And that is n't what Glennon did .
Realistically , who could 've blamed Atlanta for mugging the Bears receivers all game and stacking the box from the outset ? It 's what they did in the second half until calling back the dogs . Glennon was only going to test the Falcons downfield on the rarest of occasions . It 's just not his style otherwise .
That telegraphing by opposing defenses is going to be a problem for most of this season against elite teams unless the Bears make whatever adjustment they can with Glennon , or pull him and actually insert Trubisky . No if 's , and 's , or 's about it .
Ultimately , this is n't about that at the moment , though . This is about calling for a higher standard of evaluation for Glennon , really for anyone under center for the Bears . Demand better .
Glennon was n't `` fine '' against the Falcons . Far from it . His debut was n't `` impressive . '' It was n't good enough to win . It was thoroughly and familiarly mediocre , all according to Bears ' quarterbacks past .
`` Fine '' is n't the bar we should be aiming for with Bears quarterbacks or any player .
`` Fine '' is n't a justifiable reason for keeping the promising future on the bench if this play continues .
`` Fine '' is how the Bears have operated for years . Always settling for the safe option whether it be a coach or player , always `` fine . '' Never fully taking the leap and shooting for the stars . There are bountiful examples to point to .
In that respect , Glennon is perfect for the Bears . Because he 's `` fine . ''
You just wish in your heart of hearts that they aimed for more .
Robert Zeglinski is the Bears beat writer for the Rock River Times and is an editor for Windy City Gridiron . You can follow him on Twitter @ RobertZeglinski .
Music rights group BMG has filed its response to the $ 25 million damages appeal of Internet provider Cox Communications . According to BMG there is no reason to overturn the earlier verdict . Among other things , the company stresses that Cox 's policy to terminate accounts of repeat infringers was an elaborate sham .
Late 2015 a Virginia federal jury ruled that Internet provider Cox Communications was responsible for the copyright infringements of its subscribers .
The ISP was found guilty of willful contributory copyright infringement and ordered to pay music publisher BMG Rights Management $ 25 million in damages .
Last November Cox filed its appeal arguing that the district court made several errors which may ultimately restrict the public 's access to Internet services .
One of the crucial factors in the case is whether Cox has safe harbor protection under the DMCA . In order to qualify , the company is required to terminate accounts of repeat infringers , when appropriate .
According to a 65-page reply brief just filed by BMG , the Internet provider failed to satisfy this burden as it willingly kept serving some customers , even after they had received over a dozen infringement notices .
“ … Cox ignores its burden and points to no evidence that it adopted or implemented such a policy . Indeed , the undisputed evidence shows that Cox 's claim to terminate repeat infringers was an elaborate sham , ” BMG writes ( pdf ) .
“ Though the precise mechanism changed in the Fall of 2012 , Cox 's actual policy throughout the entire time period covered by the complaint was not to terminate repeat infringers because ‘ for DMCA – we do n't want to lo [ ] se the revenue ' . ”
BMG notes that from 2010 until the Fall of 2012 , Cox had a “ policy ” under which it purported to terminate accounts of repeat infringers . However , these were instead swiftly reactivated to keep customers on board and generate more revenue .
“ Over and over , Cox failed to terminate flagrant repeat infringers , including one who admitted to ‘ years of doing this ' and whom Cox abuse employees regarded as ‘ well aware of his actions ' , ” BMG writes .
In its appeal , Cox mentioned that it does n't believe that one-sided piracy complaints are enough to warrant account terminations . In addition , the ISP noted that several of the infringement notices BMG sent via Rightscorp contained serious errors .
However , BMG believes that this is a red herring which did n't warrant the decision to disregard hundreds of thousands of infringement notices .
“ Cox claims that BMG 's notices are ‘ littered with flaws . ' But Cox was able to identify errors in a tiny handful of the 1.8 million BMG notices at issue . The evidence showed that Rightscorp 's system was ‘ well over 99 % ' accurate . ”
In addition to the repeat infringer issue , the music group also maintains that the ISP is liable for contributory infringement . Also , it disputes Cox 's argument that the jury instructions were incorrect on several points .
With the appeal , Cox hopes to reverse the judgment or at least have the opportunity of a new trial , but BMG asks the court to keep the district court ruling intact instead .
The outcome of the case , which may go all the way to the Supreme Court , will be crucial in determining what obligations ISPs have when it comes to repeat copyright infringers . As such , we can expect some more fireworks later in the year , as the case moves forward .
By
Gov . Scott Walker 's proposed budget would dismantle one of the best long-term care systems in the country . A national survey of all long-term care programs by AARP and others said Wisconsin had `` clearly established a level of performance at a higher tier than other states . ''
It starts with an Aging and Disability Resource Center ( ADRC ) to provide information and assistance on all available programs and services . This innovative , `` one-stop shopping '' is available to all older people and people with disabilities and their families in Wisconsin . If a person needs long-term care , the ADRC administers a functional screen to determine eligibility and provides options counseling to explain the choices available .
Choices include enrollment in a Family Care Managed Care Organization ( MCO ) ; IRIS ( Include , Respect , I Self-Direct ) , which allows participants to self-direct their own care , and , in some places such as Milwaukee , the Partnership program that integrates managed long-term care and health care . About 50,000 people have chosen one of these options , which , unlike acute and primary health care , provide daily personal supports ( such as help with bathing , dressing and meal preparation ) and transportation and support for work and community activities ..
The governor 's proposed budget would eliminate these choices and force people to get long-term care and health care from a big private insurance company HMO . IRIS would be eliminated , Family Care MCOs would be dissolved and insurance companies would be contracted by the state to take the place of local county-based ADRCs . The state says that `` IRIS will be folded into the new Family Care , '' but there is no language in the budget that shows how all the elements of self-direction in IRIS will appear within the confines of a health insurance company and a managed care program .
There is a mistaken perception that long-term care costs in Medicaid are not controlled and that the projected increase in the aging population will overwhelm the state 's ability to pay for it . Fortunately , this is not true because these programs were designed to face this problem . Since the programs started , the spending for long-term care has declined from 53 % to 43 % of the total Medicaid budget , the number of people in nursing homes ( the most expensive form of care ) has decreased by 11,000 people , Medicaid paid nursing home days have seen a 35 % decrease and the percentage spent on institutional care has gone from 62 % to 31 % . And Family Care MCO administrative costs are only 4.2 % .
We are not saying that improvements are not possible , just that the existing system is not broken . Additional savings are possible by including the remaining eight counties in the existing system . The governor 's proposal does not include any savings except those obtained by the already approved expansion of the existing system to seven more counties in 2015 . Including all counties in the existing system would be faster , simpler and more efficient than starting from scratch . Integrated long-term care and health care could be increased by expanding the Partnership program or developing new pilot programs to serve people with complex medical needs or behavioral health issues . The choice to enroll in these programs should remain voluntary .
The existing system was developed with massive public input over the last 15 years . The proposed system has had zero public input , including from legislators , and would be phased-in in less than two years . An effort to contract with a statewide private for-profit company to provide Medicaid nonemergency medical transportation has been a disaster . Long-term care is far more complex and a similar disaster would cause terrible and unnecessary suffering .
Wisconsin has developed a homegrown system that works . Even the Legislature 's own agency , the Legislative Audit Bureau , stated , `` Our findings indicate that the program has improved access to long-term care , ensured thorough care planning , and provided choices tailored to participants ' individual needs . ''
Let 's build on the good system developed so far instead of blowing it up and starting over .
Tom Frazier was the executive director of the Coalition of Wisconsin Aging Groups from 1983 to 2010 . Lynn Breedlove was the executive director of Disability Rights Wisconsin from 1980 to 2011 .
A Gombeen man is a pejorative Hiberno-English term used in Ireland for a shady , small-time `` wheeler-dealer '' businessman or politician who is always looking to make a quick profit , often at someone else 's expense or through the acceptance of bribes . Its origin is the Irish word `` gaimbín '' , meaning monetary interest . [ 1 ] The term referred originally to a money-lender and became associated with those shopkeepers and merchants who exploited the starving during the Irish Famine by selling much-needed food and goods on credit at ruinous interest rates .
Cultural significance [ edit ]
The despised image of the gombeen as an usurious predator on the poor was immortalized in the poem `` The Gombeen Man '' by Irish poet Joseph Campbell :
Behind a web of bottles , bales ,
Tobacco , sugar , coffin nails ,
The gombeen like a spider sits ,
Surfeited ; and , for all his wits ,
As meagre as the tally-board ,
On which his usuries are scored . Joseph Campbell , The Gombeen Man
While the phrase `` gombeen man '' is almost always intended without any religious or ethnic context , it can be applied in relation to other groups such as , in this instance , a Jewish man :
-- O , Father Cowley said . A certain gombeen man of our acquaintance .
-- With a broken back , is it ? Mr Dedalus asked .
-- The same , Simon , Father Cowley answered . Reuben of that ilk . James Joyce , Ulysses ; `` Episode X : Wandering Rocks ''
Crime writer Kyril Bonfiglioli wrote a dark short story called `` The Gombeen Man '' about just such a character in the late 70s .
This excerpt is from `` The Crock of Gold , '' by James Stephens : `` ... the women were true to their own doctrines and refused to part with information to any persons saving only those of high rank , such as policemen , gombeen men , and district and county councillors ; but even to these they charged high prices for their information , and a bonus on any gains which accrued through the following of their advices . ''
More generally , `` gombeen '' is now an adjective referring to all kinds of underhand or corrupt activities and to the mindset possessed by those engaged in such activities . In Irish politics , it is used to condemn an opponent for dishonesty or corruption , although its definition has become less precise with time and usage and it can also imply pettiness and close-mindedness . Alternative modern parlance for a gombeen man is someone `` on the make '' . It is also used to describe certain Independent politicians who are seen to prioritize their constituents needs , no matter how trivial , over national interests .
Recent use [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
By now , Windows and Unix are functionally more similar than different . They both support the same major programming metaphors , from command lines to GUIs to web servers ; they are organized around virtually the same panoply of system resources , from nearly identical file systems to memory to sockets and processes and threads . There 's not much about the core set of services provided by each operating system to limit the kinds of applications you can create .
What 's left is cultural differences . Yes , we all eat food , but over there , they eat raw fish with rice using wood sticks , while over here , we eat slabs of ground cow on bread with our hands . A cultural difference does n't mean that American stomachs ca n't digest sushi or that Japanese stomachs ca n't digest Big Macs , and it does n't mean that there are n't lots of Americans who eat sushi or Japanese who eat burgers , but it does mean that Americans getting off the plane for the first time in Tokyo are confronted with an overwhelming feeling that this place is strange , dammit , and no amount of philosophizing about how underneath we 're all the same , we all love and work and sing and die will overcome the fact that Americans and Japanese can never really get comfortable with each other 's toilet arrangements .
What are the cultural differences between Unix and Windows programmers ? There are many details and subtleties , but for the most part it comes down to one thing : Unix culture values code which is useful to other programmers , while Windows culture values code which is useful to non-programmers .
This is , of course , a major simplification , but really , that 's the big difference : are we programming for programmers or end users ? Everything else is commentary .
The frequently controversial Eric S. Raymond has just written a long book about Unix programming called The Art of UNIX Programming exploring his own culture in great detail . You can buy the book and read it on paper , or , if Raymond 's politics are just too anti-idiotarian for you to consider giving him money , you can even read it online for free and rest assured that the author will not receive a penny for his hard work .
Let 's look at a small example . The Unix programming culture holds in high esteem programs which can be called from the command line , which take arguments that control every aspect of their behavior , and the output of which can be captured as regularly-formatted , machine readable plain text . Such programs are valued because they can easily be incorporated into other programs or larger software systems by programmers . To take one miniscule example , there is a core value in the Unix culture , which Raymond calls “ Silence is Golden , ” that a program that has done exactly what you told it to do successfully should provide no output whatsoever . It does n't matter if you 've just typed a 300 character command line to create a file system , or built and installed a complicated piece of software , or sent a manned rocket to the moon . If it succeeds , the accepted thing to do is simply output nothing . The user will infer from the next command prompt that everything must be OK .
This is an important value in Unix culture because you 're programming for other programmers . As Raymond puts it , “ Programs that babble do n't tend to play well with other programs. ” By contrast , in the Windows culture , you 're programming for Aunt Marge , and Aunt Marge might be justified in observing that a program that produces no output because it succeeded can not be distinguished from a program that produced no output because it failed badly or a program that produced no output because it misinterpreted your request .
Similarly , the Unix culture appreciates programs that stay textual . They do n't like GUIs much , except as lipstick painted cleanly on top of textual programs , and they do n't like binary file formats . This is because a textual interface is easier to program against than , say , a GUI interface , which is almost impossible to program against unless some other provisions are made , like a built-in scripting language . Here again , we see that the Unix culture values creating code that is useful to other programmers , something which is rarely a goal in Windows programming .
Which is not to say that all Unix programs are designed solely for programmers . Far from it . But the culture values things that are useful to programmers , and this explains a thing or two about a thing or two .
Suppose you take a Unix programmer and a Windows programmer and give them each the task of creating the same end-user application . The Unix programmer will create a command-line or text-driven core and occasionally , as an afterthought , build a GUI which drives that core . This way the main operations of the application will be available to other programmers who can invoke the program on the command line and read the results as text . The Windows programmer will tend to start with a GUI , and occasionally , as an afterthought , add a scripting language which can automate the operation of the GUI interface . This is appropriate for a culture in which 99.999 % of the users are not programmers in any way , shape , or form , and have no interest in being one .
There is one significant group of Windows programmers who are primarily coding for other programmers : the Windows team itself , inside Microsoft . The way they tend to do things is to create an API , callable from the C language , which implements the functionality , and then create GUI applications which call that API . Anything you can do from the Windows user interface can also be accomplished using a programming interface callable from any reasonable programming language . For example , Microsoft Internet Explorer itself is nothing but a tiny 89 KB program which wraps together dozens of very powerful components which are freely available to sophisticated Windows programmers and which are mostly designed to be flexible and powerful . Unfortunately , since programmers do not have access to the source code for those components , they can only be used in ways which were precisely foreseen and allowed for by the component developers at Microsoft , which does n't always work out . And sometimes there are bugs , usually the fault of the person calling the API , which are difficult or impossible to debug without the source code . The Unix cultural value of visible source code makes it an easier environment to develop for . Any Windows developer will tell you about the time they spent four days tracking down a bug because , say , they thought that the memory size returned by LocalSize would be the same as the memory size they originally requested with LocalAlloc , or some similar bug they could have fixed in ten minutes if they could see the source code of the library . Raymond invents an amusing story to illustrate this which will ring true to anyone who has ever used a library in binary form .
So you get these religious arguments . Unix is better because you can debug into libraries . Windows is better because Aunt Marge gets some confirmation that her email was actually sent . Actually , one is not better than another , they simply have different values : in Unix making things better for other programmers is a core value and in Windows making things better for Aunt Marge is a core value .
Let 's look at another cultural difference . Raymond says , “ Classic Unix documentation is written to be telegraphic but complete… The style assumes an active reader , one who is able to deduce obvious unsaid consequences of what is said , and who has the self-confidence to trust those deductions . Read every word carefully , because you will seldom be told anything twice. ” Oy vey , I thought , he 's actually teaching young programmers to write more impossible man pages .
For end users , you 'll never get away with this . Raymond may call it “ oversimplifying condescension , ” but the Windows culture understands that end users do n't like reading and if they concede to read your documentation , they will only read the minimum amount , and so you have to explain things repeatedly… indeed the hallmark of a good Windows help file is that any single topic can be read by itself by an average reader without assuming knowledge of any other help topic .
How did we get different core values ? This is another reason Raymond 's book is so good : he goes deeply into the history and evolution of Unix and brings new programmers up to speed with all the accumulated history of the culture back to 1969 . When Unix was created and when it formed its cultural values , there were no end users . Computers were expensive , CPU time was expensive , and learning about computers meant learning how to program . It 's no wonder that the culture which emerged valued things which are useful to other programmers . By contrast , Windows was created with one goal only : to sell as many copies as conceivable at a profit . Scrillions of copies . “ A computer on every desktop and in every home ” was the explicit goal of the team which created Windows , set its agenda and determined its core values . Ease of use for non-programmers was the only way to get on every desk and in every home and thus usability über alles became the cultural norm . Programmers , as an audience , were an extreme afterthought .
The cultural schism is so sharp that Unix has never really made any inroads on the desktop . Aunt Marge ca n't really use Unix , and repeated efforts to make a pretty front end for Unix that Aunt Marge can use have failed , entirely because these efforts were done by programmers who were steeped in the Unix culture . For example , Unix has a value of separating policy from mechanism which , historically , came from the designers of X . This directly led to a schism in user interfaces ; nobody has ever quite been able to agree on all the details of how the desktop UI should work , and they think this is OK , because their culture values this diversity , but for Aunt Marge it is very much not OK to have to use a different UI to cut-and-paste in one program than she uses in another . So here we are , 20 years after Unix developers started trying to paint a good user interface on their systems , and we 're still at the point where the CEO of the biggest Linux vendor is telling people that home users should just use Windows . I have heard economists claim that Silicon Valley could never be recreated in , say , France , because the French culture puts such a high penalty on failure that entrepreneurs are not willing to risk it . Maybe the same thing is true of Linux : it may never be a desktop operating system because the culture values things which prevent it . OS X is the proof : Apple finally created Unix for Aunt Marge , but only because the engineers and managers at Apple were firmly of the end-user culture ( which I 've been imperialistically calling “ the Windows Culture ” even though historically it originated at Apple ) . They rejected the Unix culture 's fundamental norm of programmer-centricity . They even renamed core directories — heretical ! — to use common English words like “ applications ” and “ library ” instead of “ bin ” and “ lib . ”
Raymond does attempt to compare and contrast Unix to other operating systems , and this is really the weakest part of an otherwise excellent book , because he really does n't know what he 's talking about . Whenever he opens his mouth about Windows he tends to show that his knowledge of Windows programming comes mostly from reading newspapers , not from actual Windows programming . That 's OK ; he 's not a Windows programmer ; we 'll forgive that . As is typical from someone with a deep knowledge of one culture , he knows what his culture values but does n't quite notice the distinction between parts of his culture which are universal ( killing old ladies , programs which crash : always bad ) and parts of the culture which only apply when you 're programming for programmers ( eating raw fish , command line arguments : depends on audience ) .
There are too many monocultural programmers who , like the typical American kid who never left St. Paul , Minnesota , ca n't quite tell the difference between a cultural value and a core human value . I 've encountered too many Unix programmers who sneer at Windows programming , thinking that Windows is heathen and stupid . Raymond all too frequently falls into the trap of disparaging the values of other cultures without considering where they came from . It 's rather rare to find such bigotry among Windows programmers , who are , on the whole , solution-oriented and non-ideological . At the very least , Windows programmers will concede the faults of their culture and say pragmatically , “ Look , if you want to sell a word processor to a lot of people , it has to run on their computers , and if that means we use the Evil Registry instead of elegant ~/.rc files to store our settings , so be it. ” The very fact that the Unix world is so full of self-righteous cultural superiority , “ advocacy , ” and slashdot-karma-whoring sectarianism while the Windows world is more practical ( “ yeah , whatever , I just need to make a living here ” ) stems from a culture that feels itself under siege , unable to break out of the server closet and hobbyist market and onto the mainstream desktop . This haughtiness-from-a-position-of-weakness is the biggest flaw of The Art of UNIX Programming , but it 's not really a big flaw : on the whole , the book is so full of incredibly interesting insight into so many aspects of programming that I 'm willing to hold my nose during the rare smelly ideological rants because there 's so much to learn about universal ideals from the rest of the book . Indeed I would recommend this book to developers of any culture in any platform with any goals , because so many of the values which it trumpets are universal . When Raymond points out that the CSV format is inferior to the /etc/passwd format , he 's trying to score points for Unix against Windows , but , you know what ? He 's right . /etc/passwd is easier to parse than CSV , and if you read this book , you 'll know why , and you 'll be a better programmer .
I am so thrilled about this I set up a blog !
Today I released Cucumber 1.0.0 after three years in the making . Here are some interesting numbers :
740,000 downloads
250 contributors ( according to the git logs )
1,300 Google Group members and 8300 messages
630 Resolved bugs/feature requests
What 's next ? I am working on a Cucumber book with Matt Wynne that will be out later this year . There is a Javascript port underway that will work both on Node.js and in browsers . When I 'm done with the book I will pick up the work on a pure Java implementation that will supersede Cuke4Duke .
I would like to thank everybody on the Cucumber Google group , everybody who has reported bugs , showed it off at their companies or local user groups or promoted it in general . To the contributors who made it into git - thanks so much for giving your time and code . -And the core team , Matt Wynne , Gregory Hnatiuk , Mike Sassak , Joseph Wilk and Ben Mabey . You are awesome .
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf ( PTI ) chairman Imran Khan on Friday said Darul Uloom Haqqania agreed to implement reforms in return for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP ) government 's budget allocation of Rs300 million for the religious seminary .
The seminary is located in Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and currently run by Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam-Sami chief Maulana Samiul Haq . It has faced several controversies in the past as its students Abdullah alias Saddam Nadir alias Qari Ismail , Rasheed alias Turabi and Faiz Muhammad have been accused of involvement in the murder of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto . The seminary is also said to be the alma mater of many prominent Afghan Taliban leaders .
`` Musharraf received billions from the west for madressah reform and even Maulana Samiul Haq was approached but he rejected the grant , now they are ready for reforms as they trust PTI 's government , '' Imran Khan told journalists during a press conference in Islamabad .
Imran added that progressive reforms are being implemented to better integrate seminary students in to the mainstream , and said those opposing such moves know “ little of Pakistani society . ”
`` Are millions of students studying in these seminaries terrorists ? ''
The PTI chief further added he has asked the KP government to conduct a press conference to better explain the grant .
Related : Imran defends KP govt 's Rs300m grant for Darul Uloom Haqqania
When asked if he will visit PM when he returns to Pakistan , as the PM visited him when he fell from the container , the PTI chief stated he has sent flowers to the PM and would have visited him `` if he were treated in a Pakistani hospital . ''
Petition for PM 's disqualification
Imran Khan announced that his party has filed a reference with the Election Commission of Pakistan ( ECP ) seeking Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's disqualification for not declaring his actual assets to the commission .
The petition was filed by the party leader Dr Yasmeen Rashid .
`` Nawaz Sharif has been breaking Pakistan 's laws since his term began , but no one has taken action against them , we are trying to make him obey the law , '' said Imran Khan while announcing the development .
The Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) had earlier announced their decision to file petitions against the disqualification of PM and his family members in ECP .
Related : PPP mulls departure from parliamentary committee , advises opposition to follow suit
PPP leader Latif Khosa told the media on Thursday that he , on his party 's behalf , will file an ineligibility petition in ECP against five members of the Sharif family as the declarations they had filed in the commission were not based on truth .
Earlier this month , Ottawa Senators general manager Bryan Murray revealed in an emotional television interview that he is battling stage 4 colon cancer .
That did n't stop him from showing up at last week 's GMs meetings in Toronto . He put off a chemotherapy session to tackle mundane tasks such as discussing the dry scrape . He just went to work , as he always does . Business as usual .
Chicago Blackhawks GM Stan Bowman can relate .
Bowman is not far removed from his own battle with cancer . In 2007 , he was diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma , when he was just 33 years old .
`` Life goes on , and you ca n't feel sorry for yourself , '' Stan Bowman said of having cancer . AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast
Working , remaining involved in the daily activities of the NHL world , was a comfort to Bowman . It kept his mind engaged and his routine steady . He was able to show his two young boys , then just 2 and 5 years old , that their dad was still Dad . That some semblance of normalcy remained .
`` I wanted them to have the illusion that things were going well , '' Bowman told ESPN.com . `` Life goes on , and you ca n't feel sorry for yourself . ''
Bowman did n't have serious bouts with nausea or any of the more grisly physical side effects that come with treatment . He said the hardest part for him was the fatigue . Twice a month , he would go in for chemotherapy treatment on a Wednesday . The Thursday and Friday immediately after that treatment were days in which he would stay home to rest and recover . But by that following Monday , Bowman would be back to work and feeling better .
It became a new type of normal .
`` That 's what you do in life , '' Bowman said . `` The hockey part of it was a way to bring things back to a normal life . If you get too fixated on the illness , it 's not good for anybody . Mentally , [ hockey ] gave me something to be excited about and a way to get back in a normal routine , which for us , that 's going to games , watching games , interacting with players . ''
Even when Bowman 's cancer came back in 2008 and he had to undergo a stem-cell transplant , he remained positive . When his doctor called to tell him the news the second time around , he was watching the Winter Classic between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Buffalo Sabres . Knowing that this next round would require more aggressive treatment , he explained to his then-tenant , a 19-year-old Patrick Kane , that he 'd understand if Kane wanted to relocate with all that was going on in the Bowman home .
Kane was puzzled .
`` Are you kicking me out ? '' he asked Bowman .
Bowman chuckled when recalling that conversation now .
Kane , who had become like a big brother to Bowman 's sons , told him : `` I want to stay . I like it here . ''
`` In a lot of ways , that just goes to show you that you stick together in tough times , '' Bowman said .
Which is what the hockey community -- a tight-knit , fraternal order -- will do in the wake of Murray 's revelation .
Murray told reporters last week that several people had reached out to express their support for him . Bowman was glad to see Murray speak out about his condition .
That holds especially true , Bowman said , because so many people have their lives affected by the disease . Friends , family members , colleagues , loved ones .
`` People are always sort of reticent and do n't know what to say , '' Bowman said . `` I was never afraid to say anything because everyone goes through this , whether it 's yourself , family , friends , it 's not something you should be afraid of talking about . Part of it is being willing to give advice and share experiences to other people . ''
And Murray 's revelation has apparently already helped others . Murray , who wanted to get the word out about preventative screenings , said that a nurse at a local Ottawa clinic told him people have come in after hearing his message to get themselves checked out .
Bowman applauded Murray for using his public platform to inform others and hoped his fellow executive is able to stay in the moment surrounded with support .
Bowman remembered the people who helped see him through the challenging times . His parents , in particular , were around a lot in Chicago ( his dad is Scotty Bowman ) . Not necessarily to have any sort of philosophical discussions , he said , but just to help him and his family get through the tough days .
Those beginning days , the first few weeks , were the toughest , Bowman recalled , but eventually people adapt .
`` I know it sounds strange , but after the fact , you can look back on it with a different perspective , '' Bowman said . `` I was fortunate . I 'm a pretty upbeat person . I like to try to stay calm if things are n't going your way . ... When you do get sick , it 's not something anyone wants , but at the same time , you fall into a new routine and it becomes ordinary . ''
`` Maybe it 's part of the human spirit , '' Bowman said . `` We find a way to get through it . ''
( CNN ) `` India 's Daughter , '' the BBC 's documentary about the infamous gang rape and murder of a student in Delhi in 2012 , was banned by an Indian court because the excerpts `` appear to encourage and incite violence against women . ''
The controversial BBC Storyville film was originally scheduled to air Sunday -- on International Women 's Day -- but was brought forward to air on Wednesday night amid an `` intense level of interest '' according to the British broadcaster .
The documentary opens with an eerie reconstruction of the fatal night in December 2012 when the 23-year-old physiotherapy student boarded a bus with her male companion at a major intersection in South Delhi . The focus then switches to the furious street protests that swept the country in the wake of the incident .
The film shows intimate conversations with the parents and a close friend , as well as family photographs of the victim as a child and their accounts of her charitable personality and career ambitions .
JUST WATCHED Rape documentary stirs controversy in India Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rape documentary stirs controversy in India 01:42
But it 's the interview with one of the accused -- Mukesh Singh , the driver of the bus where the attack took place -- that has touched a raw nerve .
Read More
May 22 , 2017 , 3:03 PM GMT / Updated May 22 , 2017 , 3:03 PM GMT / Source : Associated Press
AUSTIN , Texas — Texas Republicans pushed the state closer to a law that allows publicly funded foster care and adoption agencies to refuse to place children with non-Christian , unmarried or gay prospective parents because of religious objections .
The Senate gave final approval early Monday , sending it to Republican Gov . Greg Abbott for his consideration .
The Texas State Capitol building in Austin . David Paul Morris / Bloomberg via Getty Images
The `` Freedom to Serve Children Act '' has received a late push in the Republican-dominated Legislature ahead of the May 29 end of the session . Conservatives have made creating exemptions for sincerely held religious beliefs a major theme this year , with tea-party-backed lawmakers inserting language protecting them in myriad bills , ranging from rules for the practice of law to pharmacists .
Related : New Alabama Law Lets Adoption Groups Turn Away Same-Sex Couples
The private foster care and adoption organizations , which are paid by the state to place children with families , make up about 25 percent of the agencies working in Texas . Those groups say they face a threat of lawsuits for exercising their religious beliefs if they do n't get specific state legal protection .
Many Texas adoption agencies admit they do n't work with adoptive parents who are single , gay or non-Christian , and the bill could keep them from being sued . Supporters of the measure say LGBT couples will be able to find agencies without religious objections , but critics call is state-funded discrimination .
`` This bill does n't prohibit particular groups from adopting , it does n't establish one faith over another , '' said bill sponsor Sen. Charles Perry of Lubbock .
Related : Lawmakers : Faith-Based Adoption Groups Can Refuse Gay Couples
The bill would be the nation 's second allowing state-funded adoption agencies to reject families on religious grounds . South Dakota passed similar legislation in March .
Sen. Eddie Lucio , a Brownsville Democrat , joined Republicans in voting for the bill in the hopes it will draw more private , religious-based adoption agencies into the system if they do n't fear lawsuits .
`` It 's about increasing capacity , it 's about providing homes for kids , '' Lucio said .
Related : Texas Adoption Agencies Could Soon Ban Gays , Jews , Muslims
Civil rights groups have criticized the measure as funding discrimination with public money . The measure has been opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas and LGBT advocacy groups .
`` It is unconscionable that a bill would prioritize discrimination over the best interest of kids in the child welfare system , but Texas lawmakers have done just that , '' said Marty Rouse , national field director for the Human Rights Campaign and a foster and adoptive parent .
Follow NBC Out on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram
There is an unfortunate irony to the politics of climate change . Florida faces severe risks from the climate crisis , arguably more than any other state , and yet Florida also has a habit of electing Republican policymakers who refuse to believe climate science , refuse to take the issue seriously , and refuse to even consider modest steps to address global warming .
This includes Florida Gov . Rick Scott ( R ) , who recently responded to questions about the climate crisis by saying , more than once , “ I 'm not a scientist. ” It also includes Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) , whose climate denialism has fairly been characterized as “ a train wreck of incoherence . ”
And it includes Rep. Jeff Miller ( R-Fla. ) , who told msnbc 's Richard Lui this morning that it 's “ foolish ” to believe in climate change , adding that there are “ scientists on both sides of the issue that say that it is not settled . ”
The congressman , sticking to the usual climate deniers ' talking points , added that the climate does change – “ it gets hot ; it gets cold ” – and it led to this curious exchange
“ But , manmade , is n't that the question ? ” Lui pressed . “ Then why did the dinosaurs go extinct ? Were there men that were causing – were there cars running around at that point that were causing global warming ? No , ” Miller concluded . “ The climate has changed since Earth was created . ”
You can watch the video of this below . I 'm reasonably certain Miller was n't kidding or trying to make climate deniers appear foolish on purpose .
It just seemed to work out that way .
For what it 's worth , the Florida Republican 's response to a sensible question was one of the more ridiculous non sequiturs I 've seen in a while . Asked if human activity is responsible for the climate crisis – and all of the evidence clearly shows it is – the congressman asked , “ Then why did the dinosaurs go extinct ? ”
That does n't have any make any sense . None . It 's little more than gibberish . For his constituents in Florida , it had to be a dangerously unsettling moment .
It was not , however a surprise . This is the same congressman who has vowed to eliminate all funding for the Environmental Protection Agency and who recently told his constituents , “ Our climate will continue to change because of the way God formed the earth . ”
And just so we 're clear , Miller is n't some random guy calling into Rush Limbaugh 's radio show with a bizarre comment . He 's an 11-year veteran of Congress who currently serves as a committee chairman .
TALLAHASSEE — Under a bill backed by the National Rifle Association and other gun groups , riots could be the newest safe haven for those carrying firearms without a permit .
HB 209 , which is expected to be voted on Friday by the Florida House , would allow people with clean criminal backgrounds to conceal firearms without a permit during emergencies — including riots and civil unrest like the 1996 racial disturbances that rocked St. Petersburg — declared by the governor or local officials .
`` To allow people to go into a riot while concealing a gun without a permit is the definition of insanity , '' said Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri . `` The bill is crazy . It 's absurd . ''
Supporters of the bill say it 's intended to give gun owners the opportunity to protect their property while they are evacuating from a disaster or crisis , such as hurricanes , floods or worse .
`` We tell people to be prepared during hurricane season to take care of yourself for three days , '' Florida Carry general counsel Eric Friday said earlier this month . `` That means food , water , and also the ability to protect yourself because emergency services are n't available . ''
Those concealing a firearm without a permit can be punished with up to five years in prison for the third-degree felony . Under the proposed legislation , that penalty could be waived during emergencies .
Gualtieri and the Florida Sheriffs Association have been lobbying for weeks to make changes , pitting them against the sponsor of the Senate bill , Sen. Jeff Brandes , R-St. Petersburg . That 's SB 296 .
A key objection is that it 's not clear in the legislation when it 's okay not to have a permit for the concealed firearm . Both bills say no permit is needed for those `` in the act of complying with a mandatory evacuation order during a declared state of emergency . ''
If someone flees a hurricane and travels several counties over , either to a hotel or relative 's house , at what point are they still evacuating ? For how long are they able to claim they are evacuating ?
On Wednesday , the House sponsor , Rep. Heather Fitzenhagen , R-Fort Myers , could n't provide specifics to the doubters during House debate on the bill .
`` I have ( the gun ) on my body because I 'm allowed to do it under this new law , and I get to a ( hurricane ) shelter , '' Rep. Elaine Schwartz , D-Hollywood , asked Fitzenhagen . `` What happens to the firearm then ? ''
`` The law does not allow you to bring that into a shelter , '' Fitzenhagen replied . `` You would be able to put it somewhere else , in another person 's car perhaps , or a container . ''
The Florida Sheriffs Association thinks the bill is too vague and would lead to false arrests and clashes with police . Brandes and Fitzenhagen say too much specificity would defeat the purpose of the bill .
`` If you refine it too much , then you do n't make it effective for giving people the opportunity to store their guns safely , '' she said .
For Gualtieri and the Florida Sheriffs Association , the bills were made considerably worse in late March and early April when they were amended so that local authorities , not just the governor , could declare an emergency .
Under that added provision , riots qualified as emergencies in which residents could conceal guns without permits .
`` We were trying to work with them , but they changed the purpose of the bill , '' Gualtieri said . `` Now you do n't have to be leaving an area . You could be coming to it , you could be part of the problem , exacerbating it . ''
On Tuesday , the Senate 's Community Affairs Committee agreed , stripping out the local emergency provision that included riots .
But it remains in the House bill , where it will stay , said Fitzenhagen .
`` I believe there are scenarios in which local governments should have the authority to call a state of emergency , '' Fitzenhagen said Wednesday . `` I 'm not contemplating them calling a state of emergency for riots and then they grab their handguns and go out there into the riot . ''
But the way the bill is written , it 's too confusing for law enforcement officers and gun owners alike , Gualtieri said .
`` It would give me pause , as sheriff , in declaring a state of emergency , '' he said . `` If I know cops would have to deal with God knows what , I now have to worry about making a situation worse . ''
76 SHARES Facebook Twitter
For a long time , the “ Alien ” franchise never had a clear direction . Even James Cameron 's classic sequel “ Aliens ” took the property in quite a different direction from the tight , focused horror of Ridley Scott 's original , while “ Alien3 ” and “ Alien : Resurrection ” both proved to be interfered-with , unloved , compromised messes , cueing up a fifteen year stretch when the only time the xenomorph ever appeared on screen was in the terrible cash-in “ Alien Vs. Predator ” movies .
Things are different now : Ridley Scott returned to the series he created with 2012 's “ Prometheus , ” and follows it up with the imminent “ Alien : Covenant , ” which promises to further expand the mythology of the creation of the series , and apparently sets up as many as four more “ Alien ” movies , including the apparently-next “ Alien : Awakening. ” But one casualty of Scott 's newfound interest in the series was a different take , set long after the Alien timeline , that would have been directed by “ District 9 ” helmer Neill Blomkamp .
READ MORE : New ‘ Alien : Covenant ' Prologue Short Shows What Happened To Michael Fassbender & Noomi Rapace After ‘ Prometheus '
The South African helmer initially announced towards the start of 2015 that he was developing an “ Alien ” movie that would have ignored everything after “ Aliens ” and returned Sigourney Weaver and Michael Biehn to the series , but not long after , rumors suggested that Scott had wanted to move ahead on the film that became “ Alien : Covenant ” first , and that Blomkamp 's picture was on hold . And after the “ Chappie ” creator suggested that chances of his film getting made were now “ slim ” earlier in the year , Scott has more or less ejected the film out of the airlock .
In an interview with Allocine ( via Comic Book Resources ) , Scott was asked about the project , but says that it never got very far , saying , “ There was never a screenplay , just an idea that evolved into a pitch of 10 pages. ” And , ultimately , Scott says that Fox were the ones that decided to go in another direction . “ I was always just a producer , but it did n't go any further because Fox decided that it did n't want to do it . ”
Given that the cooling on the project coincided with the not-great box office on “ Chappie , ” that 's maybe not a huge surprise , but we have to say , we were definitely curious about Blomkamp 's take on the series , even if he 's still yet to live up to his first movie . We 'll see whether Scott makes us further regret the project 's demise when “ Alien : Covenant ” screens very soon — look for our review on Saturday , ahead of the film 's release on May 19th .
The survey for Lord Ashcroft , the former Tory deputy chairman , suggests the Prime Minister still has some way to go before he can think seriously about governing without his Liberal Democrat coalition partners , after the next general election .
The poll , published today to mark the first anniversary of the coalition , quizzed three different categories of people – those who voted Conservative in last year 's election , those who considered doing so , but did not , and Tory party members .
Mr Cameron , who has faced some criticism from within his party for failing to win last year 's election outright , is warned that the Conservatives are still seen by many as the party of `` the rich '' and that some voters believe that government spending cuts are going too far , too fast .
On immigration , Tories and potential Tories were uncertain what had been achieved since the party came to power , and on the NHS voters were found to be `` very sceptical of controversial proposed reforms .
Asked what single thing their party could do which would be most likely to attract new voters in 2015 , the most popular option was improving the economy , cutting the deficit and helping create jobs , backed by 19 per cent .
This was followed by taking a tougher stance on Europe , which could even include leaving the European Union , which had the support of 17 per cent of members , followed by dealing better with immigration ( 13 per cent ) .
These three options were ahead of cutting taxes , the touchstone of the Tory Right , which had nine per cent support . Both tackling crime and reforming the NHS did relatively badly , with two per cent each .
Mr Cameron 's personal performance is one of the government 's strongest suits – he tops the ratings for both Conservative members and those considering voting for the party , when they are presented with a list of politicians .
Both groups rank William Hague , the Foreign Secretary , second and Boris Johnson , the London mayor , third . Nick Clegg , the Deputy Prime Minister , does better ( fourth out 10 ) among Tory `` considerers '' than he does among Tory members ( sixth ) .
Among considerers , he beats George Osborne , the Chancellor , Theresa May , the Home Secretary , and Ken Clarke , the Justice Secretary , despite the political bruising the Liberal Democrat leader has taken since joining the coalition .
Dangers facing Mr Cameron are shown by a question indicating the likely actual votes by Conservative `` considerers '' in 2015 are split almost precisely three main ways – between the Tories ( 22 per cent ) , the Lib Dems ( 23 per cent ) and Labour ( 21 per cent ) .
This group would also be much more likely to vote in 2015 for a `` coalition candidate '' ( 61 per cent ) in the unlikely event one was fielded in their constituency , than a Tory candidate ( 39 per cent ) .
Asked what was likely to have stopped people voting for their party in 2010 , the biggest reason cited by Tory members ( 13 per cent ) was that the Conservatives were still viewed as the party of the rich .
Lord Ashcroft , whose drive for a Tory majority is called Project Blueprint writes in a commentary for The Sunday Telegraph today : `` What matters to me is not the coalition between the parties , but how to create the coalition of voters who will elect a Conservative government with an overall majority .
`` The things that will build and maintain the Conservative voting coalition ... are fundamentally mainstream concerns : the economy , David Cameron , welfare , crime , the NHS , and a demonstration that the Conservatives share voters ' values .
`` Attracting new voters need not alienate existing supporters . If we get it right on the big themes and have a clear purpose , we will keep existing voters and attract new ones ; if we get it wrong , they will scatter to the four winds : Labour , Ukip – even the Lib Dems . ''
UPDATE : APPLICATIONS ARE NOW CLOSED AND THE POSITIONS FILLED .
The Directory of Open Access Journals ( DOAJ ) indexes more than 11 000 open access journals covering all areas of science , technology , medicine , social science and humanities . It is a community-curated list of reputable , open access journals and aims to be the starting point for information searches for quality , peer reviewed open access material . Publishers must apply for their journal ( s ) to be indexed in DOAJ and each application is reviewed manually by the editorial team . We receive approximately 80 new applications every week .
DOAJ has been awarded a grant from the International Development Research Centre ( IDRC ) to improve open access publishing practices in the Global South . We are now seeking 8-10 full time Ambassadors ( 10-month contract ) who are residents in the following regions and are native speakers of the indicated languages and fluent in English :
Region Languages Latin America Spanish and/or Portuguese Middle East & Persian Gulf Arabic ( Farsi also useful ) Africa ( North/West ) Arabic and French Africa ( South/East ) English India/Pakistan Hindi ( Urdu also useful ) Indonesia Indonesian China Chinese ( Mandarin or Cantonese )
Tasks : to promote DOAJ in their respective regions ; to discover and assist open access publishers in their region in good publishing practices ; to identify questionable publishers and practices ; and to review and actively solicit new applications and reapplications from journals in their region to be listed in DOAJ . The role requires knowledge of academic publishing , in particular online journals , editorial processes , best practices and publishing technology standards .
DOAJ is a virtual organization so the role is based from home . The successful applicant will be expected to provide their own work space and equipment . Most meetings are conducted virtually but expenses will be paid if you attend any physical meetings .
Start date : As soon as possible
Hours of work : 40 hours per week . You will be expected to manage your own time but to be available for team meetings as needed ( may be outside of your normal working hours due to time differences )
Pay : rate negotiable
Language : fluent in English and native speaker of the indicated language ( s ) for the region
ROLE PURPOSE
The main role of the ambassadors is to promote good publishing practices with regional publishers , to identify questionable publishing practices and to advocate the use of DOAJ infrastructure with the publishers and academic community in their region . The ambassadors will also undertake the assessment of new journal applications and reapplications to DOAJ from publishers in their region and advise on approval or rejection of these applications .
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
Promote awareness of DOAJ , its resources and services to publishers and the academic publishing community in their region .
Review new applications from the region against the DOAJ criteria for acceptance .
Manage all communication with publishers and academics and respond to their queries .
Monitor publishing practices in their region , identify questionable publishers and offer support to open access publishers who wish to be indexed in DOAJ .
Attend online team and editorial Hangouts every week .
Liaise with the Editor-­in­-Chief and DOAJ team as needed .
QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Higher education or graduate ( a qualification in library science is an advantage )
At least two years experience in academic journal publishing
Previous experience of manuscript submission systems or large databases is desirable
Current knowledge of open access and its development
Understanding of scholarly publishing standards and best practices
Good IT competence
Publisher relations experience an advantage
PERSONAL QUALITIES/SKILLS
Native and resident of the region where you want to work
Fluent in English and the other language ( s ) indicated for the region
Good communication skills in those languages , both written and oral
An understanding of how to handle confidential and/or sensitive information
Good organizational skills
Ability to produce accurate work , demonstrate good attention to detail and meet deadlines
Strong team player
Ability to work on own initiative ; Motivated and resourceful ; Adaptable and flexible
Experience in building effective working relationships
TO APPLY
Please send a CV and a short cover letter including three references to the Editor-in-Chief at editorinchief @ doaj.org by 23rd April 2016 .
Directory of Open Access Journals ( DOAJ )
Email : feedback @ doaj.org
Find us on : Twitter @ DOAJPlus | facebook.com/DirectoryofOpenAccessJournals | LinkedIn | Google+
www.doaj.org
Disclaimer : “ The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent those of IDRC or its Board of Governors ”
Source : U.S. Energy Information Administration , U.S. Energy Information Administration , Monthly Energy Review
While the energy history of the United States is one of significant change , three fossil fuel sources—petroleum , natural gas , and coal—have made up at least 80 % of total U.S. energy consumption for more than 100 years . Recent increases in the domestic production of petroleum liquids and natural gas prompted shifts between the uses of fossil fuels ( largely from coal-fired to natural gas-fired power generation ) , but the predominance of these three energy sources is likely to continue into the future .
For the first several decades of American history , families used wood ( a renewable energy source ) as a primary source of energy . Coal became dominant in the late 19th century before being overtaken by petroleum products in the middle of the 20th century , a time when natural gas usage also rose quickly . Since the mid-20th century , use of coal increased again ( mainly as a primary energy source for electric power generation ) , and a new form of energy—nuclear electric power—emerged . After a pause in the 1970s , the use of petroleum and natural gas resumed growth . Petroleum consumption decreased in recent years , but natural gas has continued to provide a greater share of U.S. energy consumption . In the late 1980s , renewable energy consumption ( other than wood and hydroelectric ) began to appear , increasing significantly in the mid-2000s . In 2014 , the renewable share of energy consumption in the United States was the highest ( nearly 10 % ) since the 1930s , when wood represented a larger share of consumption . Renewable energy is a small but growing piece of the U.S. energy mix . The greatest growth in renewables today is in solar and wind power , which along with geothermal and biomass , are included in other renewables .
Source : U.S. Energy Information Administration , U.S. Energy Information Administration , Monthly Energy Review
Principal contributor : EIA Staff
All good things must come to an end .
For NASA 's Cassini orbiter—its fuel dwindling after 13 years exploring Saturn , along with the planet 's sprawling rings and dozens of icy moons—the end will come Friday at 7:55 A.M. Eastern time . That 's when mission planners project radio communications will be lost with the two-ton , bus-size spacecraft as it plunges into the giant planet 's turbulent atmosphere at more than 122,000 kilometers per hour .
Within seconds the gas streaming around the plummeting probe will reach temperatures hot enough to melt its aluminum chassis , followed by the iridium cladding that shields its plutonium power source . With its radio link to Earth severed , Cassini 's last “ transmission ” will be the light from this fireball , a modest blaze of glory that astronomers might glimpse from Earth . A minute after its final signal , the sophisticated spacecraft will be reduced to a rapidly dissipating spray of vaporized metal some 200 kilometers beneath Saturn 's swirling cloud tops . But as scientists and members of the public gather in various parts of the world for bittersweet celebrations of the mission 's conclusion , it is clear Cassini 's legacy will endure .
“ We are concluding the longest , deepest , most comprehensive scientific exploration of a remote planetary system ever undertaken , a system so alien it might as well have been orbiting another star in another galaxy , ” says Carolyn Porco , the planetary scientist who leads Cassini 's imaging team . “ And we have been profoundly successful . ”
Launched in 1997 , Cassini reached Saturn in 2004 . With a design that had been mostly finalized in the late 1980s , its suite of 12 instruments had already become antiquated relics back on Earth by the time of its arrival . Even so , it managed to reveal a system more otherworldly than researchers had dreamed of . The highlights are too numerous to list here . Cassini discovered a strange , long-lived hexagonal jet stream sprawled across Saturn 's North Pole , and watched as the world and its rings slowly tilted through the seasons in their glacial motion around the sun . Within the rings themselves , Cassini spied tumbling moonlets that sculpted the surrounding dust into towering waves and jagged ridges . But more than the planet or its rings , Cassini studied Saturn 's icy moons—essentially an entire planetary system in miniature , each new world a microcosm of unearthly geology . There was porous , pockmarked Hyperion , which could be mistaken for a piece of spongy pumice ; bizarre Iapetus , with color-contrasting hemispheres and a globe-girdling ridge that makes it look like a yin-yang-emblazoned walnut . There was Mimas , with a giant bull's-eye crater and steel-gray coloring like a space station straight out of Star Wars ; and Pan , a beige , pierogi-shaped body that looks good enough to eat . And these are just a sampling of the system 's curiosities .
All told Cassini sent back about 635 gigabytes of data , much of it consisting of gorgeous images . That may seem underwhelming by today 's terabyte-saturated technologies , says Earl Maize , Cassini 's project manager at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory . But getting that amount of data from vintage equipment operating at the far reaches of the solar system “ was pretty tall cotton , ” Maize says . “ We 've had exceptional performance , and we could n't have asked for much more . It has just been a phenomenal ride . ”
Dark Oceans
Flush with so much information about these far-off worlds , it is easy to forget that scarcely more than 40 years ago Saturn and its largest moons were at best blurry images for everyone on Earth . The majestic rings seeming almost cartoonish and somehow unreal in the tremulous views from telescopes . That changed in the 1970s , when first Pioneer 11 and next the Voyager 1 and 2 missions each traveled to Saturn to deliver sharper close-ups . Those missions transformed the ringed planet from a picture to a place , but they were one-and-done flybys—like seeing a foreign city through the windshield of a passing car .
When scientists and engineers began planning Cassini more than three decades ago , they envisioned something altogether different : an orbiter that would be captured by the planet 's gravitational field to loop and twirl among its rings and moons in an exquisite dance of discovery , revisiting each target of interest again and again . But for this dance Cassini needed a partner , something else orbiting Saturn that could give the spacecraft a hefty boost of trajectory-tweaking , fuel-saving momentum on a regular basis . The choice for this long-term relationship was obvious . Saturn 's largest moon , Titan , is bigger than the planet Mercury . With each close pass Titan would give Cassini a gravitational kick akin to about 450 kilograms of propellant ( Cassini performed 127 of these encounters during its mission , ultimately netting the equivalent effect of burning more than 50,000 kilograms of fuel ) .
At the time , Titan also seemed to offer the greatest chance for revolutionary science . Unique among solar system moons , it alone has a dense atmosphere—one so thick with salmon-colored hydrocarbon smog that it had resisted all previous attempts to obtain surface images . Cassini would carry , along with high-powered radar to pierce Titan 's veil of clouds , a European-built lander , Huygens , to touch down on its hidden surface .
Huygens 's landing in early 2005 was supposed to be the mission 's crowning pinnacle , and it did not disappoint . Descending on parachutes through the orange organic haze , the probe recorded the sounds and speeds of gusting winds , and transmitted images of an eerily Earth-like fluvial landscape of valleys , deltas and sinuous channels carved by liquefied hydrocarbons rather than familiar H2O . Huygens came to rest in what looked to be a floodplain strewn with “ stones ” of water ice polished smooth by flows of liquid methane , and it touched down with a crunch that suggested its slushy landing site was covered in a frozen glaze—a bit like crème brûlée . Within hours , however , its chemical batteries succumbed to the moon 's cryogenic chill and the lander fell silent . The feat remains by far the most distant interplanetary landfall ever achieved . It gave crucial context to Cassini 's work over the years as the orbiter studied Titan 's weather , seasons and even its transient hydrocarbon lakes and seas .
Shortly after Huygens drifted down to Titan and into the history books , however , Cassini found something that permanently pushed that accomplishment out of the limelight . Around the South Pole of Enceladus—a 500-kilometer-wide runt of a moon many expected to be rather inert and uninteresting—the orbiter saw tantalizing signs of activity—plumes of water vapor venting into space from fissures in the icy surface . Wetness and warmth somehow lurked below , offering the possibility for microbial life to arise and thrive—and the plumes were a window into that netherworld . On subsequent passes Cassini dived directly over and through them to sample their contents . Those investigations showed not only that there was an entire ocean of briny water beneath the ice , but also that hydrothermal activity taking place on and under this alien sea could provide abundant energy and nutrients for ecosystems . Scientists are still struggling to understand exactly how such a small moon can generate sufficient heat to maintain a subsurface ocean so far from the sun . Later in the mission Cassini found tentative evidence for an aqueous ocean beneath Titan 's water-ice crust , too .
“ Enceladus may have all of the ingredients needed for life as we know it to currently exist right now , at this very second , ” says Curt Niebur , Cassini 's program scientist at NASA Headquarters . “ These two new worlds , Titan and Enceladus , that were so completely revealed to us by Cassini , have changed the idea that ‘ ocean worlds ' like Earth and [ Jupiter 's moon ] Europa are rare in the universe . … [ The ocean of ] Enceladus has no business existing—and yet there it is , practically screaming at us : ‘ Look at me , I completely invalidate all your assumptions about the solar system ! ' ” Spurred chiefly by Cassini 's results ( and at the surprisingly bipartisan behest of Congress ) , in 2016 NASA began planning a new “ Ocean Worlds ” exploration program to develop missions that will peer deeper into the seas of the outer solar system . Its next phase will be the Europa Clipper mission , a Jupiter orbiter launching in the 2020s to study the watery depths beneath the Jovian moon 's icy crust . Perhaps it will taste the tang of extraterrestrial sea salt via Enceladus-style plumes thought to erupt there , too . Other factions within planetary-science circles would prefer to send another mission to Titan—maybe even an airborne drone , a sailboat or a submarine—or to reach for farther frontiers by sending orbiters to Uranus and Neptune , the last two planets that remain scarcely explored .
But for Porco and most of the rest of the Cassini team , Enceladus remains the favored port of call—and the mission 's most promising progeny . “ Enceladus has all the formal hallmarks of an extraterrestrial ‘ habitable zone , ' ” she says . “ No other object in the solar system can claim that . It 's the most accessible and promising place in the solar system to search for extraterrestrial life . We must go back . ”
The Last Picture Show
The orbiter 's dazzling explorations of Titan , Enceladus and other unexpected riches at Saturn convinced NASA to repeatedly extend its mission—first to 2010 and finally to September 2017 . But now , with its fuel tanks almost empty from all its wandering , Cassini has fallen victim to its own success ; to avoid the spacecraft spinning out of control—striking and potentially contaminating Enceladus or Titan with any lingering Earth-born microbes—mission planners are deliberately crashing Cassini into Saturn , turning it into a makeshift atmospheric probe . As it plunges into Saturn 's clouds it will operate eight of its instruments and use its thrusters to keep its high-gain antenna pointed toward Earth as long as possible , transmitting as much information as it can about the atmosphere 's composition until it is overwhelmed and tumbles into oblivion . Some think that data could help scientists refine their understanding of Saturn 's origins and early evolution .
This “ Grand Finale ” properly began April 24 when Cassini initiated a new series of 22 Titan flybys . With each pass , the moon 's gravity tweaked the spacecraft 's trajectory to send it whizzing between Saturn 's innermost ring and the top of the planet 's atmosphere—a region never explored before . During these close passes Cassini sampled gases flowing out to space from Saturn as well as dust raining down from the rings . The craft also sought fresh insights into some of the world 's longest-standing enigmas such as the length of the planet 's day and the ages of its iconic rings . It failed to pin down the day length due to lingering difficulties in measuring the rotation rate of the planet 's innards beneath the thick outer envelope of gas .
But its progress on the ages of the rings is more promising : By precisely measuring Saturn 's mass during its finale , the probe is also refining mass estimates for the rings . Many scientists believe a relatively massive ring system would indicate an age of billions of years , suggesting the rings formed with or shortly after Saturn itself . Lighter-weight rings would likely be relatively youthful , at less than a billion years . “ Our very first estimates are for rings less massive than we originally thought , which would indeed point to a very young age , ” says Linda Spilker , Cassini 's project scientist at JPL . “ We 're headed in the direction of rings perhaps 100 million years old or so , which is quite young compared to the age of our solar system ” ( about 4.6 billion years ) . Although still quite tentative , this result from Cassini—one of its last—would also be among its most sensational . To form such young rings , Saturn would have needed to tear apart one or more large comets or entire moons in the not-too-distant past—the diversity of the rings , in fact , may be due to multiple objects being consumed over time .
All this adds to the still-emerging picture of our solar system as a dynamic place of continual upheaval , not a static and placid domain as imagined by many scientists in the past . It also hints at yet another aspect of what may be our current privileged place in our solar system 's lifetime : Take most any given slice of Earth history—the dominion of the dinosaurs , for instance—and any creature would have dwelled beneath a sky bereft of Saturn 's ringed splendor . Our current view seems to be anomalous—just as special , at least , as being alive during the fleeting moment in which humanity 's robotic emissaries provide us an expansive new view of our place in the panoply of worlds circling the sun .
In the hours before Cassini become a miniscule spark spiraling into Saturn 's massive atmosphere , one of its final tasks will be capturing and sending back images of its most cherished targets : Titan and its methano-logical weather ; Enceladus and its watery plumage setting behind Saturn 's northern rim ; a moonlet nicknamed “ Peggy ” being born at the edge of a ring ; and a family portrait of the planet and its rings . The spacecraft team calls this “ the last picture show . ”
“ These final images are sort of like taking a last look around your house or apartment just before you move out , ” Spilker says . “ You walk around the downstairs . As you go upstairs , you run your fingers along the bannister . You look at your old room and memories across the years come flooding back . And in the same way Cassini is taking a last look around the Saturn system , Cassini 's home for the last 13 years. ” Like many of her colleagues , Spilker first began working on Cassini in the 1980s , some 30 years ago—about the same time as it takes Saturn to make one full orbit around the sun , and time enough to get family-close to colleagues , to raise children , to watch them grow . Given the fuel , Spilker says another decade spent at Saturn with Cassini would seem about right . But now the time is passed and the fuel is gone , the team has grown older and their children have grown so tall . The next frontier beckons , bright but uncertain . “ It 's time , ” Spilker says . “ Time to take our knowledge and information and move that out into future missions , to the outer planets—and beyond . ”
'Mummy blogger ' charged , accused of injecting ill child with urine , laxative abuse
Updated
A woman who has been charged with harming her daughter by injecting her with urine is a prolific `` mummy blogger '' who wrote in detail about her family 's life , particularly the ill health of the child she is accused of harming .
The child was born with a genetic illness which frequently brought them in to contact with various hospitals and specialists .
`` I wanted him [ the doctor ] to treat her . Do something . Anything . She was in pain and I could see she was becoming unwell , '' the mother , who can not be named for legal reasons , wrote in her blog , which has now been removed .
Through her mother 's advocacy and profile , the girl became a poster child for various charities , which gave the daughter the opportunity to dance in the Sydney Opera House .
`` Because [ the child ] is such an adorable-looking child they used her for publicity , she was on big banners at the airport , '' a friend of the accused , who asked to be called Karen , told 7.30 .
`` My first reaction when I heard that the police were involved in my friend 's case , I was horrified , I could n't believe it at all .
`` She 's the last person I would expect to ever , ever do anything to any of her children . ''
In a lot of cases of parents that are accused , there is another explanation and there are other sides to the story Friend of the accused Karen
Earlier this year , after a number of hospital admissions , senior doctors at both John Hunter and Westmead Children 's became concerned .
Police investigators will allege that in a 24-hour period around March 11 , a mixture of yeast and fungus grew in one of the tubes that made up the daughter 's venous line , in a way that indicated contamination by urine .
Medical staff had never witnessed this before .
7.30 understands the police will allege the mother tampered with the daughter 's stool samples and that the daughter 's severe rash and skin peeling was consistent with laxative abuse .
Police allegedly found syringes , urine samples and laxatives in the woman 's handbag and investigators believe they have medical evidence going back to 2008 .
Do you know more about this story ? Email 7.30syd @ your.abc.net.au
Illness is 'controversial , misunderstood '
It is a case that has raised a controversial and often misunderstood allegation of Munchausen 's Syndrome by Proxy or MSBP .
Dr Helen Hayward-Brown has studied a number of cases where women have been accused of harming their children , under the MSBP label .
`` MSBP is the label given to a mother when she intentionally harms her own child to get attention , '' Dr Hayward-Brown told 7.30 .
`` The mother is seen as being overly protective of her child wanting to go to different doctors being overly interested in medical matters .
`` It used to be MSBP but because it got such a bad name it was changed to Factitious Disorder Imposed Upon Another . ''
She said the allegation could be a default when specialists had no other explanation for a child 's illness .
`` I 've been involved in approximately over 100 cases of MSBP cases in Australia where mothers have been accused and where I believe they were not guilty , '' Dr Hayward-Brown said .
But that is not always the case .
In June last year , a Gold Coast mother was jailed for six years , after poisoning her young daughter with chemotherapy drugs to get attention .
Parents of sick children likely to rally support : expert
The case highlighted a disturbing new trend of using social media and the internet in these kinds of crimes .
The mother wrote on her Facebook page : `` [ My daughter ] is starting to bruise easily again , if she gets more bruises overnight , we will be making our way up to the emergency room . ''
Dr Hayward-Brown said : `` If you are the mother of a sick child you may use the internet and blogging to rally support and understanding of your position because often you are distressed , ''
`` However , the problem is a mother who may actually harm their child , may engage in exactly the same kind of behaviour so it 's difficult for an investigator to tell the difference . ''
Police will claim that the daughter 's health has improved since being removed from the mother 's care by the Department of Family and Community Services .
Yet her friend Karen is standing behind the accused mother .
`` In a lot of cases of parents that are accused , there is another explanation and there are other sides to the story , '' she said .
The case was adjourned on Wednesday at Newcastle Local Court until December 2 .
Topics : crime , law-crime-and-justice , social-media , internet-culture , health , child-health-and-behaviour , australia , newcastle-2300
First posted
The German author Henryk M. Broder recently told the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant ( 12 October ) that young Europeans who love freedom , better emigrate . Europe as we know it will no longer exist 20 years from now . Whilst sitting on a terrace in Berlin , Broder pointed to the other customers and the passers-by and said melancholically : “ We are watching the world of yesterday . ”
Europe is turning Muslim . As Broder is sixty years old he is not going to emigrate himself . “ I am too old , ” he said . However , he urged young people to get out and “ move to Australia or New Zealand . That is the only option they have if they want to avoid the plagues that will turn the old continent uninhabitable . ”
Many Germans and Dutch , apparently , did not wait for Broder 's advice . The number of emigrants leaving the Netherlands and Germany has already surpassed the number of immigrants moving in . One does not have to be prophetic to predict , like Henryk Broder , that Europe is becoming Islamic . Just consider the demographics . The number of Muslims in contemporary Europe is estimated to be 50 million . It is expected to double in twenty years . By 2025 , one third of all European children will be born to Muslim families . Today Mohammed is already the most popular name for new-born boys in Brussels , Amsterdam , Rotterdam , and other major European cities .
Broder is convinced that the Europeans are not willing to oppose islamization . “ The dominant ethos , ” he told De Volkskrant , “ is perfectly voiced by the stupid blonde woman author with whom I recently debated . She said that it is sometimes better to let yourself be raped than to risk serious injuries while resisting . She said it is sometimes better to avoid fighting than run the risk of death . ”
In a recent op-ed piece in the Brussels newspaper De Standaard ( 23 October ) the Dutch ( gay and self-declared “ humanist ” ) author Oscar Van den Boogaard refers to Broder 's interview . Van den Boogaard says that to him coping with the islamization of Europe is like “ a process of mourning. ” He is overwhelmed by a “ feeling of sadness. ” “ I am not a warrior , ” he says , “ but who is ? I have never learned to fight for my freedom . I was only good at enjoying it . ”
As Tom Bethell wrote in this month 's American Spectator : “ Just at the most basic level of demography the secular-humanist option is not working. ” But there is more to it than the fact that non-religious people tend not to have as many children as religious people , because many of them prefer to “ enjoy ” freedom rather than renounce it for the sake of children . Secularists , it seems to me , are also less keen on fighting . Since they do not believe in an afterlife , this life is the only thing they have to lose . Hence they will rather accept submission than fight . Like the German feminist Broder referred to , they prefer to be raped than to resist .
“ If faith collapses , civilization goes with it , ” says Bethell . That is the real cause of the closing of civilization in Europe . Islamization is simply the consequence . The very word Islam means “ submission ” and the secularists have submitted already . Many Europeans have already become Muslims , though they do not realize it or do not want to admit it .
Some of the people I meet in the U.S. are particularly worried about the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe . They are correct when they fear that anti-Semitism is also on the rise among non-immigrant Europeans . The latter hate people with a fighting spirit . Contemporary anti-Semitism in Europe ( at least when coming from native Europeans ) is related to anti-Americanism . People who are not prepared to resist and are eager to submit , hate others who do not want to submit and are prepared to fight . They hate them because they are afraid that the latter will endanger their lives as well . In their view everyone must submit .
This is why they have come to hate Israel and America so much , and the small band of European “ islamophobes ” who dare to talk about what they see happening around them . West Europeans have to choose between submission ( islam ) or death . I fear , like Broder , that they have chosen submission – just like in former days when they preferred to be red rather than dead .
Now they 're thumbing their noses at the first lady .
Supporters of extremists battling the Iraqi government posted a doctored photo on Twitter Wednesday of Michelle Obama holding a sign reading # BRINGBACK OUR HUMVEE . ”
The jihadis were gloating over the rebels ' capture of hundreds of millions of dollars in US military hardware by making fun of the first lady 's famous tweet last month showing her with a sign that read “ # Bring Back Our Girls , ” a reference to the schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria .
The tweet from the Islamists or their supporters was reported by the website Gateway Pundit .
Iraqi terrorists looted tanks , Humvees , guns and ammo in Iraq , with much of the arms being shipped back to al Qaeda-linked rebels in Syria , Pentagon spokesman Bill Speaks told Fox News .
People took to Twitter to express outrage , note the irony or otherwise chime in .
“ We are now being openly mocked & clowned by Islamic militants , ” wrote Jared Still of Texas .
“ Why were viable vehicles left behind ? Disable them at least ! DUH ! ” added a poster named AE .
“ Bring back our humvees… please ? How 'd that work out for the girls ? ” wrote “ Ben Ghazi Gal . ”
Ahmadiyya in Israel ( Arabic : أحمدية في إسرائيل‎ ) is a small Islamic community in Israel . The Community was first established in the region in the 1920s , in what was then the British Mandate of Palestine . Israel is the only country in the Middle East , where Ahmadi Muslims can openly practice their Islamic faith . [ citation needed ] As such , Kababir , a neighbourhood on Mount Carmel in Haifa , Israel , acts as the Middle East headquarters of the Community . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] It is unknown how many Israeli Ahmadis there are , although it is estimated there are about 2,200 Ahmadis in Kababir alone . [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
The history of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Israel begins with a tour of the Middle East in 1924 made by the second caliph of the Community Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad and a number of missionaries . However , the Community was first established in the region in 1928 , in what was then the British Mandate of Palestine . The first converts to the movement belonged to the Odeh tribe on Carmel Mount ( tribe originated from Ni'lin a small village near Jerusalem ) . In the 1950s , they settled in Kababir , formerly a village which was later absorbed by the city of Haifa . [ 4 ] The neighbourhood 's first mosque was built in 1931 , and a larger Mahmood Mosque in the 1980s .
In 1987 , the Israeli Ahmadiyya Muslim Community translated the Quran into Yiddish , a language among the 100 languages chosen by the then caliph of the Community , Mirza Tahir Ahmad . [ 5 ]
Modern community [ edit ]
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is present in most districts of Israel , but is generally concentrated in Israel 's third largest city , Haifa .
Haifa [ edit ]
Although there are many Ahmadis in other parts of Israel , the neighbourhood of Kababir in Haifa is the only established community in Israel . [ 3 ] Kababir is a mixed neighbourhood , with an Ahmadiyya majority , a significant minority of Jews , some Christians and a few Druzes . The community includes a small number of Palestinian immigrants who sought shelter in Haifa , after they were excommunicated by their larger families in the West Bank . [ 6 ] Haifa city officials view it as a model of coexistence . Yona Yahav , the Mayor of Haifa has described the local Ahmadis as `` Reform Arabs . `` [ 5 ] Multiple politicians have visited the local Community , including the then President of Israel , Shimon Peres on invitation for an Iftar dinner during the month of Ramadhan . [ 7 ]
The local Ahmadi community is an active contributor in the life of the city , such as participation in interfaith activities , for instance in the Haifa Forum for Interfaith Cooperation . [ 8 ] Ahmadi Muslims organize an annual neighbours day to in order to promote good relations with its neighbours and to introduce the Ahmadiyya Community . [ 9 ] The Community also plays a significant role in the Holiday of Holidays , a local festival attended by tens of thousands of people . Ahmadi leaders and members participate in all the symbolic and official ceremonies and gatherings , together with other religious and political leaders with whom it maintains serene and active relations . [ 7 ]
In 2009 , as part of the official delegation of renowned Israeli religious leaders , the president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community of Israel met Pope Benedict XVI , to deliver a direct message composed by the fifth Caliph of the Community , Mirza Masroor Ahmad . The Pope was also given a copy of the Quran in this occasion . [ 10 ] In 2011 , the local Ahmadi community hosted a tour of the city and the local mosque for the 27th annual International Mayors Conference , an event sponsored by the American Council for World Jewry in cooperation with the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs . [ 7 ] [ 11 ]
As the regional headquarters of the Community , in the only country in the Middle East that permits Ahmadi Muslims to practice their faith freely , the Haifa community hosts an annual conference for Ahmadi religious leaders from various parts of the world , particularly Middle Eastern countries , such as Jordan , Egypt and the Palestine . [ 12 ] The Haifa community is also a host to a number of television programmes for its Arabic viewers in the Middle East and North Africa , through its Arabic television channel MTA 3 , which is part of the MTA International global television network . [ 3 ]
Rest of Israel [ edit ]
Ahmadis have a presence in the Southern District , the Central District , the Northern District and the Jerusalem District in Israel . [ 3 ] However , there is no established community in any of these regions .
See also [ edit ]
Keep It Real Campaign
Un-change the world . We have the opportunity to protect and restore some of the most amazing , biologically rich lands in Hamilton and Burlington – forever .
Home to over 1,500 species of plants and animals , the Cootes to Escarpment EcoPark System is a protected , permanent and connected natural lands sanctuary from the Hamilton Harbour to the Niagara Escarpment .
But there has been a missing link in the properties . Now is our chance to complete the connection and create a natural corridor between Cootes Paradise and the Escarpment . Your donation will protect this land forever .
Towards the western end , this land is the ONLY place where deer , rabbits , foxes and other wildlife can travel without crossing a 400-series highway .
Since 2013 , we 've acquired over 200 acres to build on the 4700 acres of existing protected lands .
UPDATE : Give now and your gift is doubled ! The Heather & Ross Hamlin Fund at Hamilton Community Foundation is now matching funds ; please give generously .
A Chicago mother is paralyzed after being shot while driving to the laundromat over Memorial Day weekend.Just five days shy of her 27th birthday , Precious Land remained hospitalized Monday at Mount Sinai Hospital . She will survive , but never be the same.Her family , including her children , were struggling to understand . `` It bothers me so bad to see her laying there like that , '' said Land 's mother , Stacey Turner . `` And the kids want to see their mom , but I wo n't let them see her like that . `` The young mother got caught in Chicago 's epidemic of gun violence while she drove through the 3900-block of West Lexington in the Lawndale neighborhood on the West Side.A bullet pierced her neck , damaging her spinal cord.Land was one of nearly 70 Chicago shooting victims during Memorial Day weekend . Her family said her condition remains critical , and she 's unable to speak . `` She will be paralyzed from the neck down no matter what , '' Turner said.Land worked at O'Hare International Airport for an airline food service provider.Turner believes her daughter was mistakenly targeted because of the car she was driving - a black Pontiac Grand Prix with dark-tinted windows.It worried her family . `` I 've seen the gang bangers driving that kind of car , '' Turner said . `` I told her , 'Always drive with the windows down . At least they could see you 're a woman . ' '' More than a week later , Land 's mother said Chicago police have yet to contact her . `` I do n't hate the police like a lot of people do because they have lives and families that they have to get home to , '' Turner said . `` Maybe there 's been so many killings that they have n't gotten to me , but this is going into the second week . ... And I just want to know why my baby 's shooting ai n't important enough to even come and talk to me . `` No one is in custody for the shooting .
Four months ago , I tried out Simplenote , a free text editor for Windows and Linux with support for Markdown , as well as syncing across multiple platforms . It was exactly what I needed for all my note-taking needs ; I 've used it to write every story I 've published here at TNW since March .
Now , Automattic , the developer behind WordPress and Simplenote , has made every version of the app available as open source software . That covers iOS , Android , macOS , Windows and Linux .
Today 's announcement is good news for people who enjoy Simplenote 's interface , unlimited storage and syncing , easy publishing functionality , but want to customize it further to suit their needs .
You can expect to see some custom versions suitable for programming ; the app 's basic features make it easy to work on multiple systems and share your files online . I , for one , would love to see an option to hide the left sidebar and the ability to lock notes so they ca n't be accidentally deleted .
You can grab the source code for Simplenote 's apps from Automattic 's GitHub page .
iOS , Android , and macOS Apps Now Open Source on Simplenote
Read next : Waze will now help you avoid closed roads during major events
A scenic , off-limits mine in western Quebec that 's seen an influx of visitors over the past year could end up being demolished if a campaign to save it is unsuccessful .
The Wallingford-Back Mine , located approximately 60 kilometres northeast of Ottawa , has become a popular spot for paddlers , ice skaters and explorers , all drawn to its pristine turquoise waters and imposing rock pillars .
However , Quebec 's Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources has issued an ultimatum to the regional municipality of Papineau , Que . : either invest money to secure the mine from trespassers , or demolish it .
In response , supporters of the mine launched a petition this weekend calling upon the site to be protected for its `` undeniable richness , not only for the Outaouais region , but also for all of Quebec . ''
The petition had about 1,800 signatures by Monday afternoon .
`` A lot of people compare the mine to an underground cathedral because it is so beautiful , '' said Chantal Crête , one of the founders of a group devoted to preserving the mine .
`` It 's really breathtaking when you 're there . ''
Closed since 1972 , the Wallingford-Back Mine was once one of the largest quartz , mica and feldspar mines of its kind in North America .
Nearby residents , however , have complained about the noise , garbage and traffic problems generated by the recent arrival of hundreds of tourists to the mine , spurred on by postings on social media and on travel websites about its natural beauty .
`` Since this summer , it 's madness , '' said Jean-Marie Duchamp , who lives near the mine , in an interview with Radio-Canada last week . `` Everyone wants to go to the mine . ''
Papineau 's council is expected to make a decision about the mine 's fate at a meeting on Oct. 19 . Some local politicians , like Saint-Sixte , Que. , Mayor André Bélisle , have told Radio-Canada that two weeks is n't enough time to come up with a plan for the site , however .
No one from Quebec 's Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources was available for an interview Monday .
Sunlight dapples the frozen waters of the Wallingford-Back Mine in west Quebec . A petition to save the mine from being demolished has gotten more than 1,800 signatures since being launched three days ago . ( Chloé Fedio/CBC )
'Historical potential '
Crête acknowledges that the mine is n't designed to handle huge numbers of visitors , as the only road in is a narrow thoroughfare intended to be used by the cottagers and rural residents who live there .
But she says there are better options out there than simply demolishing the mine — in part because the land behind the mine is federally controlled and could be used to create a different access point .
She said she 's planning to take local public officials on a tour of the mine ahead of the Oct. 19 meeting .
`` It 's got a lot of historical potential . It could become a museum site for [ mining ] history in Canada , '' said Crête .
`` Our objective right now [ however ] is not to talk about projects . Our objective right now is to save the mine . ''
Democrats Resort to WITCHCRAFT to Thwart Trump [ VIDEO ]
President Trump is a political rock star .
He 's impervious to “ crap bullets ” the Left shoot at him daily . In fact , the man proves routinely that he can survive the nuclear “ crap blasts ” of the Left .
Policy after policy decision by the president yield good results .
The debt is less and unemployment at decades-low levels . The jobs being created by President Trump make Obama 's handful of bean-picking jobs look anemic .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to The Black Sphere updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : SCOTUS Justice Send Warning to FAKE NEWS Journalists
President Trump 's foreign policy weaves in domestic policy with the skill of a master seamstress .
Thousands of jobs were created at home and in Saudi Arabia with our new arms deal . Then again , Trump negotiated a deal that will keep high-paid workers hard at it for years with the deal in Qatar .
The president addresses our trade imbalance with laser focus , and will soon have Americans shipping billions more American-made products abroad . Coal mines have reopened , and miners report back to work . Our lumber industry got a boost with the president 's recent trade deal with Canada .
By relieving businesses of onerous bureaucracy , the economy received an estimated boost of over $ 2 trillion .
To put this mildly , everything Trump touches turns to gold .
So , it 's no wonder leftists get more desperate daily , as the legacy of Obama thankfully disappears in the rear-view mirror .
Leftists can no longer rely on Trump to fail of his own accord , thus they invoke sorcery .
According to The Gateway Pundit :
The Rebel journalist Laura Loomer visited a Brooklyn “ metaphysical boutique ” to interview the anti-Trump trans witch owner . The manager of “ Catland ” is holding group meetings to cast spells on President Donald Trump . But when Laura asked him to cast a spell on the Islamic State killers who throw gays from rooftops and sell women as sex slaves he refused . That would be offensive and Islamophobic .
Proving yet again how crazy leftists are , this leftist moron refuses to cast spells against marauding Muslims . But he will use witchcraft against President Trump .
Think anybody has ever questioned him on his views ?
Why bother . He has no real answer anyway . The minds of leftists have a spot programmed for instructions . Thus , they follow fake narratives to the letter of the law .
As you read some of our articles , ask yourself the very simple question : Would they do this to Obama ?
First , conservatives do n't have time for such nonsense . Second , why bother with sorcery against Obama , when he was destined to ruin all by himself .
1080 Democrat jobs gone to Republicans later proves my point .
HOUSEHOLDS across Perth will soon be drinking recycled waste water .
WA will be the first state to drink recycled water when up to 35 billion litres of treated sewage is pumped into our underground supply each year under a plan to be ticked off by the Barnett Government .
The Sunday Times can reveal the Water Corporation will recommend within weeks that treated waste from showers , washing machines and toilets be re-used to drought-proof the state .
Treated sewage has been quietly injected into Perth 's aquifers during a trial that ended in December . WaterCorp will advise the Government the testing was a success with just one emergency shutdown .
However , the state Government will refuse West Australians a say in the proposal , after a public revolt stopped a similar plan in Queensland .
WaterCorp manager for water source planning Nick Turner said a large-scale project could be up and running within two years that could help drought-proof the state .
The authority 's recommendation will come as part of a final report into a three-year trial in which about 2.5 billion litres of wastewater from a Craigie treatment plant was treated to Australian drinking standards and then injected into an isolated aquifer in Leederville .
Despite the trial finishing in December , the plant has continued to recharge the aquifer with treated sewage .
Under the Water Corporation plan , the same technology would be used to treat 25 per cent of wastewater from the Beenyup Wastewater Treatment plant that would then be injected into the aquifer and eventually end up in Perth homes .
Currently , water from Beenyup is discharged into the ocean .
`` The results are all good , we 've demonstrated that it 's sustainable , that we can operate it , the regulations are in place and the public are supportive , '' Mr Turner said .
`` We do not anticipate needing to do any more trialling .
`` Our recommendation will be to proceed with expansion , but it 's their call . ''
WaterCorp has previously said recycled water could supply 35 billion litres a year , enough for 140,000 households .
In comparison , the Kwinana desalination plant produces about 45 billion litres a year .
Mr Turner said the report was yet to receive input from the Health Department and Department of Environment and Conservation , but it was expected to be ready to go to the Government within weeks .
He said there could be no 100 per cent guarantee , but he said the plant was designed to shut off immediately if water purity was compromised .
A statement released by the corporation on March 30 last year revealed water that did not meet drinking standards was recharged into the aquifer during a `` minor hiccup '' .
The statement said 300kL of water with a pH value of between 8.5 and 9 was allowed through , despite a guideline for the trial of 8.5 .
Citizens Against Drinking Sewage spokeswoman Rosemary Morley , who successfully lobbied against a plan to introduce treated water into dams in the Queensland town of Toowoomba in 2006 , said there were no guarantees .
But Ms Morley said the WA plan was different to one voted down in Queensland by a referendum .
kara.vickery @ news.com.au
A woman who says she witnessed sexual harassment on the subway last week says two other male riders defended the alleged assailant 's actions , and one even told her he was tired of her `` noise '' as she tried to help the victim .
Jamie Baker , 28 , said that after she stepped in to help the woman being harassed , two other men in the subway car defended the man 's actions . All three men made demeaning comments about her , she said . She said one of the men said to her : `` We 've heard enough of your noise . ''
Baker said the two other men berated her until she hit the emergency yellow strip for assistance . The two men got off at the next stop and a young woman thanked her for speaking up . She said no one responded to her call for assistance and she left the train shortly after at her stop .
`` So totally disappointed in the men I 've just interacted with , and honestly enraged by the mindless dismissal of the entire situation , '' Baker wrote on Facebook .
Baker said the incident left her `` honestly enraged '' and she hopes that both police and the Toronto Transit Commission take action .
`` My intention is to let people know that there are people out there [ who ] are n't afraid to speak up and to defend people who are not able to speak up for themselves , '' Baker , a store manager , told CBC News . `` I 'd like for this to be addressed . It 's so disappointing to see this happen . ''
Baker said she was riding westbound from Bloor station on Friday evening , when she noticed a man get on the subway .
The man began touching another woman sitting nearby , Baker alleged . She said the man had flung his arm around the other passenger , tracing his fingers along her shoulder and through the ends of her hair .
`` She looked embarrassed , and I figured the man was possibly her father or a relative who had met her along the way , '' Baker wrote in her Facebook post . Then `` I realized she was edging away from him , and put my book away . ''
Jamie Baker , a store manager , is speaking up about harassment of women on the Toronto Transit Commission . ( Facebook )
That woman got off the subway and waited for the next train .
The man let his hand drop onto the groceries in her lap , she said . When she loudly asked him to remove it , she said he began harassing her .
`` I said , 'Do you mind , you know , you are kind of poking into my bread , ' '' Baker told CBC .
Baker took photos of the man and plans to give them to police . Her post has been shared more than 4,500 times and two women have come forward with information about the man she says harassed her . She has received several messages of support .
`` Complete strangers that I 've never met before have shared some extremely poignant things with me , '' said Baker . `` Things that they 've openly expressed they have n't even shared with their own friends and family .
`` I think a lot of women who see this and have read the story have identified with this in a way that 's really substantial . ''
TTC investigating
She has filed a complaint with the TTC and plans to do the same with police .
`` Upon realizing that this man was not travelling with [ the other woman ] , my blood just boiled , '' Baker said .
TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said the TTC has launched an investigation and is waiting to receive more information from Baker . He said harassment of any kind on the TTC , including unwanted attention , is completely unacceptable .
`` This is a very serious matter and we are taking this seriously , '' Ross said .
Ross said the TTC does not track complaints of sexual harassment but it does track complaints about sexual assault . `` Regardless of the number , one is too many . ''
He said the TTC is developing an app that would allow riders to report harassment through their smartphones and it will give riders another tool to protect themselves when on TTC trains .
No .
overall No . in
season Title Directed by Written by Original air date Prod .
code US viewers
( millions )
Ross is torn between Rachel and Bonnie and ultimately regrets his decision . Phoebe receives a shock and is angry when Phoebe Abbott reveals her true identity . Monica has to resort to drastic measures when a jellyfish stings her .
75 2 `` The One with the Cat '' Shelley Jensen Jill Condon & Amy Toomin October 2 , 1997 ( ) 466602 25.5 [ 2 ]
Monica is delighted when Rachel 's high school prom date asks her out , causing tensions between her and Rachel ( and ultimately Ross ) . Chandler forces Joey to sell the entertainment unit he constructed . Phoebe is overjoyed when she meets a cat she believes contains her mother Lily 's spirit .
Joey is enticed when a door-to-door encyclopedia salesman shows up at the apartment . Monica is disappointed at her mother 's behavior when she caters a party for her . Chandler is finding himself in a sticky situation when he gets locked in Joanna 's office after they make out .
77 4 `` The One with the Ballroom Dancing '' Gail Mancuso Ted Cohen & Andrew Reich October 16 , 1997 ( ) 466604 24.3 [ 2 ]
Phoebe struggles to control herself when it comes to massaging an extremely attractive client . Chandler enlists Ross ' help when he decides to quit the gym . Joey attempts to fix things in an unusual way when Mr. Treeger makes Rachel cry .
78 5 `` The One with Joey 's New Girlfriend '' Gail Mancuso Gregory S. Malins & Michael Curtis October 30 , 1997 ( ) 466605 24.4 [ 2 ]
Phoebe has a cold which improves her singing and is frustrated when it disappears . Ross attempts to make Rachel jealous , ultimately humiliating himself . Chandler becomes smitten with Joey 's new girlfriend , Kathy .
79 6 `` The One with the Dirty Girl '' Shelley Jensen Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri November 6 , 1997 ( ) 466606 25.7 [ 2 ]
Phoebe helps Monica cater a funeral , but the widow wo n't pay them . Chandler struggles to find a birthday present for Kathy from Joey that beats his own gift . Ross can not come to terms with how dirty his new girlfriend 's apartment is . Rachel is determined to complete a crossword .
80 7 `` The One Where Chandler Crosses the Line '' Kevin S. Bright Adam Chase November 13 , 1997 ( ) 466607 26.4 [ 2 ]
Rachel finds a new joy in eating alone at restaurants . Ross starts playing keyboards again leaving the gang ( minus Phoebe ) unimpressed . Chandler 's feelings towards Kathy reach breaking point when they share a kiss , and he vainly tries to fix things after telling Joey the truth .
81 8 `` The One with Chandler in a Box '' Peter Bonerz Michael Borkow November 20 , 1997 ( ) 466608 26.8 [ 2 ]
During Thanksgiving , Joey decides to punish Chandler for what he did in a very novel way . Ross is shocked when he learns that Rachel exchanges every gift she is given , but Rachel shows Ross that she keeps things that matter . Monica becomes infatuated by Richard 's son , also an eye doctor , when she has an appointment with him .
82 9 `` The One Where They 're Going to Party ! '' Peter Bonerz Ted Cohen & Andrew Reich December 11 , 1997 ( ) 466609 23.9 [ 2 ]
Monica and Phoebe buy a van for their new catering business , but things are shaken up when Monica writes a critical review of a restaurant called Alessandro 's . Rachel interviews for an assistant buyer job in another Bloomingdale 's department and is shocked when her boss tries to sabotage the interview . Ross and Chandler become very excited when their friend Mike 'Gandalf ' Ganderson plans to come to town .
83 10 `` The One with the Girl from Poughkeepsie '' Gary Halvorson Scott Silveri December 18 , 1997 ( ) 466612 23.2 [ 2 ]
Chandler 's attempt to set Rachel up with one of his work colleagues goes wrong . Monica uses Joey to show who 's boss at her new job at Alessandro 's . Ross is torn between a pretty girl who lives nearby and a fun one from upstate . Phoebe sets out to write a Christmas song for her friends and has problems with rhyming words .
84 11 `` The One with Phoebe 's Uterus '' David Steinberg Seth Kurland January 8 , 1998 ( ) 466610 23.7 [ 2 ]
Monica and Rachel offer Chandler some advice when he wants to improve his performance in the bedroom with Kathy . Ross lands Joey a job as a tour guide at the museum , but Joey is disappointed that Ross wo n't sit with him in the lunchroom . Phoebe has a huge decision to make when she learns that her brother Frank and his wife Alice want her to carry their baby .
85 12 `` The One with the Embryos '' Kevin S. Bright Jill Condon & Amy Toomin January 15 , 1998 ( ) 466611 27.1 [ 2 ]
Joey and Chandler argue with Monica and Rachel over who knows whom better , so Ross designs a quiz with high stakes : if the men lose , they give up the chick and duck , but if the women lose , they switch apartments with the men . Phoebe goes to the hospital for the embryos to be implanted into her uterus , leading to a tense wait to find out if she is pregnant . In 2009 , TV Guide ranked this episode # 21 on its list of the 100 Greatest Episodes . [ 3 ]
86 13 `` The One with Rachel 's Crush '' Dana DeVally Piazza Shana Goldberg-Meehan January 29 , 1998 ( ) 466613 25.3 [ 2 ]
Monica is determined to continue being 'the hostess ' and strives to succeed since they switched apartments . Chandler becomes concerned when Kathy and a fellow actor get steamy on stage in a play . Rachel receives a shock when she is moved to another department and develops a crush on one of her clients .
87 14 `` The One with Joey 's Dirty Day '' Peter Bonerz Wil Calhoun February 5 , 1998 ( ) 466614 25.1 [ 2 ]
Chandler struggles to get over Kathy and requires a little help from the girls . Rachel becomes double-booked when Joshua invites her to a club opening but her boss also asks her to accompany his niece , Emily , to the opera . Joey develops an unpleasant aroma following a fishing trip with his father and goes to work ( where he is starring in a movie alongside Charlton Heston ) without taking a shower .
88 15 `` The One with All the Rugby '' James Burrows Story by : Ted Cohen & Andrew Reich
Teleplay by : Wil Calhoun February 26 , 1998 ( ) 466617 24.4 [ 2 ]
Ross wants to prove that he is tough to Emily by playing rugby with some of her British friends . Monica becomes stressed when she discovers a switch in the apartment that appears to have no function . Chandler regrets running into Janice and goes to extreme measures to get away from her .
89 16 `` The One with the Fake Party '' Michael Lembeck Story by : Alicia Sky Varinaitis
Teleplay by : Scott Silveri & Shana Goldberg-Meehan March 19 , 1998 ( ) 466615 23.1 [ 2 ]
Phoebe , a vegetarian , begins to have cravings for meat thanks to the baby and enlists Joey 's help . Ross wants to spend as much time with Emily as possible before she returns to London . Rachel decides to throw a surprise leaving party for Emily as an excuse to see Joshua outside of work in order to seduce him .
90 17 `` The One with the Free Porn '' Michael Lembeck Story by : Mark Kunerth
Teleplay by : Richard Goodman March 26 , 1998 ( ) 466616 23.2 [ 2 ]
Phoebe is shocked to find out that she is going to have triplets and quickly tries to find a way of financially supporting Frank and Alice . Ross is persuaded by Monica to go after Emily once she has gone to the airport . Chandler and Joey are delighted when they discover a free pornography channel on their TV .
91 18 `` The One with Rachel 's New Dress '' Gail Mancuso Story by : Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Teleplay by : Jill Condon & Amy Toomin April 2 , 1998 ( ) 466620 21.7 [ 2 ]
Phoebe is allowed to name one of Frank and Alice 's unborn triplets , prompting Chandler to have doubts about his own name . Ross worries when Emily and Carol 's wife Susan start bonding over in London . Rachel soon realizes she has made a mistake when she wears a revealing dress on a date with Joshua .
92 19 `` The One with All the Haste '' Kevin S. Bright Scott Silveri & Wil Calhoun April 9 , 1998 ( ) 466618 21.8 [ 2 ]
Monica and Rachel make desperate attempts to win their apartment back from Joey and Chandler , including bribing them with Knicks tickets and enlisting Phoebe 's help in a game . Ross is once again disheartened at Emily returning to London , so they suddenly decide to get married .
93 20 `` The One with All the Wedding Dresses '' Gail Mancuso Story by : Adam Chase
Teleplay by : Gregory S. Malins & Michael Curtis April 16 , 1998 ( ) 466621 21.9 [ 2 ]
Chandler grows frustrated by Joey 's constant snoring , so takes him to a sleep clinic where he meets an attractive woman . Rachel , struggling to adapt to Ross 's engagement , tries to take her relationship with Joshua to another level . Monica and Phoebe collect Emily 's wedding dress and have a little fun of their own .
94 21 `` The One with the Invitation '' Peter Bonerz Seth Kurland April 23 , 1998 ( ) 466619 21.5 [ 2 ]
Phoebe is frustrated that she will not be able to attend Ross 's wedding in London due to her pregnancy . Ross surprises Emily by inviting Rachel , causing him to reminisce about their time together . Rachel believes it will be too heart-breaking to watch , so she decides not to go .
95 22 `` The One with the Worst Best Man Ever '' Peter Bonerz Story by : Seth Kurland
Teleplay by : Gregory S. Malins & Michael Curtis April 30 , 1998 ( ) 466622 23.2 [ 2 ]
Rachel and Monica throw Phoebe a baby shower while she is having constant mood swings , starting to feel upset that she 'll have to give the babies away . Ross chooses Joey to be his best man , but Joey loses the wedding ring .
96 97 23 24 `` The One with Ross 's Wedding '' Kevin S. Bright Michael Borkow Story by : Jill Condon & Amy Toomin
Teleplay by : Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri May 7 , 1998 ( ) [ a ] 466623 466624 31.6 [ 2 ]
Source : VK Wotleaks community
Hello everyone ,
this is the upcoming tier 8 German premium tank . Basically , it 's exactly what the name suggests – Panther with Schmalturm and 88mm L/71 . The description reads :
The work on modifying the “ Panther ” in order to carry the new turret type ( “ Schmalturm ” ) began already in Spring 1944 . In order to differentiate it from the previous model , it recieved the Panther Ausf.F designation . On 23.1.1945 , colonel Holzhauer reported on the development of the installation of the 88mm King Tiger gun in the modified version of that turret . Even though a significant number of the hulls was produced , the turret remained in the wooden mock-up stage .
Statistics for 100 percent crew , preliminary price is 11,5k gold .
Tier : 8 Premium
Hitpoints : 1500
Weight : 46,5 tons
Engine power : 600 hp
Power-to-weight : 12,9 hp/t
Maximum speed : 46/20 km/h
Terrain resistance : 0,767/0,959/1,822
Hull traverse : 36 deg/s
Viewrange : 390
Radiorange : 573,6
Armor – hull : 80/50/ ?
Armor – turret : 120/60/ ?
Gun : 88mm L/71
Penetration : 203
Damage : 240
DPM : 2115
Reload time : 6,808s
ROF : 8,813
Accuracy : 0,307
Aimtime : 2,4s
Depression : -2 ( ! ) in the front , -7 on the sides ( this is odd , historically the design had -8/+15 )
Turret traverse rate : 29,2 deg/s
Find An Event Create Your Event Help 2016 Winter Release O'so Brewing Company
Plover , WI Share this event : Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event . Not Available
Event 2016 Winter Release January 29th , 2016
Each ticket purchased will entitle you to 1 ( one ) 750ml bottle of the associated beer . Beer must be picked up at O'so Brewery Tap House during the Pick-up Window ( see below ) . Tickets are for bottles only , and not required to attend the party .
Winter Party details : https : //www.facebook.com/events/1523069161324769/
You will be able to reserve bottles for Door Kriek , Scarlet Letter , Blood of the Cherry , and Arbre Qui Donne . O'so will be holding back 200 bottles of Scarlet Letter and Blood of the Cherry for cash sales on the 29th . Door Kriek and Blood of the Cherry will be brewery-only . Scarlet Letter will see some limited distribution .
PICK-UP WINDOW :
You ( or your trustee ) must pick up your purchase from O'so Brewery Tap House on January 29th 2016 between 3:00pm - 8:00pm .
* * * Any bottles not picked up by 8:00pm Friday , January 29th 2016 will be surrendered back to the brewery . We will not issue refunds , exchanges , or returns . Do not purchase a ticket unless you are absolutely sure you will be able to pick the bottles up during the stated pick-up window . * * *
IF USING A TRUSTEE :
Purchase the bottle in your name . You must then provide your trustee with a photocopy of a valid state ID ( eg . Driver 's License ) matching the name you used to purchase your tickets on Brown Paper Ticket . Your trustee must have a photocopy of an ID that matches the name on the will-call list that Brown Paper Ticket provides us . Location O'so Brewing Company ( View )
3028 Village Park
Plover , WI 54467
United States 3028 Village ParkPlover , WI 54467United States
Categories None
Minimum Age : 21 Contact Email :
support @ brownpapertickets.com
The Kerala High Court has passed an order in the `` national interest '' . The court has ordered annulling of the marriage of a 24-year-old woman to a Muslim man .
The woman had embraced Islam and told the court that she got married and converted out of her own free will . But the court thought otherwise .
In a 100-page-long order , the court has further directed the DGP of the state to conduct a comprehensive investigation into cases of 'Love Jihad ' and forced conversions .
The case pertains to Akhila , whose parents had moved the court after the girl had converted to Islam and stopped living or interacting with parents . The girl was also pursuing a degree in homeopathy medicine but later abandoned her studies . The court order notes that the girl came in touch with Islam through her room-mates in hostel and later one of the room-mate 's father forcibly persuaded her to embrace Islam .
It 's interesting to note what the court says on the intellectual ability of the woman with respect to her conversion to another faith and her subsequent marriage .
`` Our interaction with the detenue when she was brought before us , gives us an impression that , she is only an ordinary girl of moderate intellectual capacity . She appeared to be repeating verses and quotations in Arabic that she has apparently memorised . According to the police , and the senior government pleader , she has been made to believe that she would go to hell if she did not accept Islam and is under such a belief . She also appears to be a gullible person . ''
The court has asked the DGP to have a detailed and quick investigation on the issue . The bench led by Justice K Surendra Mohan and Justice Abraham Mathew asked the DGP to enquire into the role of so-called NGOs which have been organising and facilitating such conversions . The court explicitly noted that an organised set up has been working and functioning behind the scenes as it also mentions an earlier case where a girl was similarly converted to Islam .
The court also disregarded the testimony of the girl that she married out of her own free will , calling it a `` sham in the eyes of the law '' . The court terms the woman as a 'gullible person ' who is incapable of taking 'independent and firm decisions ' .
Also read :
Love jihad in Pakistan : Abducted Hindu girl sold by policeman for Rs 50,000
Love jihad ? Hindus in Pakistan ask 'where should we go ' , protest forced conversions
We 've recently been marking 15 years of the World Socialist Web Site , reviewing the major events from 1998 through 2012 . A number of the years in that period of unfolding pre-revolutionary crisis were especially eventful and explosive . 2013 , however , threatens to put each of those years in the shade . Enormous events are occurring , it seems , almost on a weekly basis .
The revelations of Edward Snowden dealt a blow to the anti-democratic conspiracies of the American ruling elite . The vast spying on every form of communication , the attempt to monitor the movements and thoughts of everyone on the planet , reveal both how far the powers-that-be have advanced with their police state plans and how terrified they are of the inevitable popular resistance to their attacks on jobs , living standards , democratic rights themselves .
The government and the media have responded with a vicious witch-hunt and persecution against Snowden . There is the ongoing persecution of Bradley Manning . The WSWS has taken the lead in openly campaigning for the defense of Snowden , Manning and Julian Assange .
The events in Egypt are of enormous importance . The recent descent onto the streets of tens of millions shows the rest of the world its future , a period of revolutionary upheaval . The fake left organizations have shown their colors , as defenders of the Egyptian military , as they 've demonstrated their character in supporting imperialist intervention in Syria .
And now , the bankruptcy of Detroit puts a massive confrontation on the agenda . This is an event of world-historical importance , an expression of the bankruptcy of American capitalism as a whole . The bankers and their political agents have thrown down the gauntlet , demanding blood from the working class .
More than ever , in all these events , the WSWS has provided the most farsighted and in-depth analysis . It is not bragging to assert that there is not even any close competition . To continue this work , to broaden and extend it , we need your financial help . The government and the military have their strategy and plans and media outlets , the working class needs the WSWS . We ask you to contribute financially today , and to make that contribution a regular one .
Sisko Gomez was working on cars at J P 's Mercedes Service Monday when he knew something was n't quite right . The storm got stronger , so he headed for the sturdiest part of the property : the office .
`` I saw the horses running and stuff flying around across in front of camera – my little security thing that I was watching . I knew we were in trouble , ” Gomez said .
Security video shows how much trouble . The greenhouses behind his shop flattened in a flash .
`` Boom ! The door flies off of the hinges , and the building starts to shake . I just hunkered down with the little dog . I said , ‘ This is it . We are about to be Dorothy and Toto here in a second , ' ” Gomez said .
The storm picked up a moving truck and moved it three feet over . It caused a couple fender benders and took a piece of sheet metal , dragged it across a car 's hood and under its back tire .
`` That 's how strong that stuff is . It lifted the car up , put sheet metal underneath it and put it right back down on it , ” Gomez said .
Augie De La Cruz had just gotten home after running from the tornado warning in Dripping Springs . He and his wife heard the tornado warning for them but had a hard time getting to safety .
`` We could n't leave in the car . The water was too high , '' he said .
When the De La Cruzes got back home , they found tree limbs littering their yard and a roof leak from a few missing shingles .
Both De La Cruz and Gomez are thankful they 're fine and hoping this is the only time they 'll experience a tornado .
At least one person was critically injured during the Cedar Creek tornado in Bastrop County . The National Weather Service also confirmed an EF-1 tornado touched down on the eastern side of Fredericksburg Monday .
Survey teams say a weak tornado also hit Johnson City in Blanco County .
I could n't help it . It was so pleasing , and so surprising , to see a fare cheater get caught -- even better than getting a seat at rush hour -- that I whooped and called out , `` There you go ! '' Another passenger broke into raucous guffaws .
If you ride BART with any regularity , you know how unusual that scene is . BART police have publicized focused enforcement targeting fare evasion in the last couple of months -- including one involving Chief Carlos Rojas himself -- and by our count , have announced issuing about 175 citations and warnings to fare jumpers and gate swingers in just the last five weeks .
But the prodigious scale of fare evasion on BART appears to dwarf the enforcement effort .
Earlier this year , the agency estimated as many as 22,000 people a day may glide in and out of the system without paying fares . The cheaters cost the agency , which is struggling to balance its budget , as much as $ 25 million a year .
Now , the agency is spending $ 2.65 million in the current year on a series of pilot initiatives to stem the tide of fare cheating . At the downtown Berkeley station , for instance , 5-foot-high glass barriers now surround the entrance to new , Clipper-only fare gates . Similar hard-to-jump barriers are slated for other stations .
BART is also moving to restrict movement through `` swing gates '' adjacent to agents ' booths throughout the system -- a popular access point for fare evaders . The agency is also working to make it harder for people to use station elevators to avoid payment , in some instances incorporating elevator access into the stations ' paid areas .
At San Francisco 's Embarcadero station , the system 's busiest and the stop believed to have the highest incidence of fare evasion , BART is testing video software to try to get a handle on just how many people are using swing gates or jumping fare gates .
And at its meeting Thursday , the BART board of directors is scheduled to consider another step in cracking down on evaders : an ordinance that would help implement a `` proof of payment '' fare-checking system by imposing fines on those caught on trains or in paid areas of stations without valid fare cards .
The fines -- $ 120 for adults , $ 60 for juveniles -- would be administrative , not criminal . The new ordinance , to take effect Jan. 1 , 2018 , if approved , would be enforced by BART police and by a new six-person group of community service officers who would patrol trains and stations with new handheld fare-inspection devices .
BART 's proposed protocol for fare inspections would direct officers to inspect everyone on a car or in a given station area , requiring them to `` progress from one person to the next closest person , not skipping any persons in between . ''
I Was Silent When They Came for You … So There Was No One Left to Help When They Came for Me
Washington 's Blog
August 22 , 2012
First they tortured a U.S. citizen and gang member …
I remained silent ;
I was n't a criminal
Then they tortured a U.S. citizen , whistleblower and navy veteran …
I remained silent ;
I was n't a whistleblower
Then they locked up an attorney for representing accused criminals …
I remained silent ;
I was n't a defense attorney
Then they arrested a young father walking with his son simply because he told Dick Cheney that he disagreed with his policies …
I remained silent ;
I 've never talked to an important politician
Then they said an entertainer should be killed because she questioned the government 's version of an important historical event …
I remained silent ;
I was n't an entertainer
Then they arrested people for demanding that Congress hold the President to the Constitution …
I did not speak out ;
I 've never protested in Washington
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Then they arrested a man for holding a sign …
I held my tongue ;
I 've never held that kind of sign
Then they broke a minister 's leg because he wanted to speak at a public event …
I said nothing ;
I was n't a religious leader
Then they shot a student with a taser gun and arrested him for asking a question of a politician at a public event …
I remained silent ;
I was n't a student
Then they declared that they could label U.S. citizens living on U.S. soil as “ unlawful enemy combatants ” and imprison them indefinitely without access to any attorney …
I remained silent ;
I did n't want to be labeled an enemy
Then they declared that they could assassinate U.S. citizens living on U.S. soil without any due process of law …
I remained silent ;
I assumed I was n't on a list
Then they threw political dissenters in psychiatric wards …
I remained silent ;
I did n't want to be seen as crazy
When they came for me ,
Everyone was silent ;
there was no one left to speak out .
Inspired by the poem First They Came by Martin Niemöller , which was written about the Nazis .
I originally wrote this poem in 2007 . I have updated it with additional verses as current events have unfolded .
This article was posted : Wednesday , August 22 , 2012 at 7:13 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The outgoing commissioner of the IRS says the agency is planning to move President Trump 's tax returns to a new safe from their previous locked filing cabinet .
In an interview with Politico , John Koskinen said he 's never seen Trump 's tax returns and said the agency is in the process of moving them .
“ It 's in a locked cabinet in a locked room that nobody 's in . You 'll need a key to the room and the cabinet to get it , ” Koskinen told the magazine . “ We 're in the process of turning that cabinet into a safe . We keep all the returns from every president in there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Koskinen also said he ca n't say whether Trump 's taxes are being audited , telling Politico “ you 'll have to go with whatever [ Trump ] says ” and saying nobody at the agency has the ability to see Trump 's returns .
“ Nobody can , unless you 're authorized for the process of examination . I could n't look at my own return . Anyone who looks at anyone 's return is subject to termination , ” he told Politico .
Trump became the first presidential candidate in decades to not disclose his tax returns . He said during the 2016 presidential race that he would n't release them because of an IRS audit , but the IRS has said that audits do n't prevent people from releasing their own tax information .
In a May interview with The Economist , Trump hinted that he may not release his tax returns until he leaves office .
`` I doubt it , '' Trump said when asked whether he would release his tax returns as part of a deal with Democrats over tax reform . `` Nobody cares about my tax return except for the reporters . ''
House Democrats have attempted to pass measures to obtain Trump 's tax returns , but those measures have been defeated by Republicans .
Koskinen , who was appointed by former President Obama , saw his term as IRS commissioner end on Nov. 12 . He was often the target of Republican lawmakers during his time at the helm of the IRS after the agency faced backlash over heightened scrutiny targeting conservative groups .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE -- 21-year-old Jeremy Pierce has been charged in connection with a fatal shooting at a barbershop on Wednesday , November 21st . Pierce faces one count of felony murder , and could face up to 35 years in prison -- even though he was n't the one who pulled the trigger .
A memorial outside `` Hair Fantasies '' barbershop is indicative of the tragic incident that occurred inside on Wednesday , November 21st .
According to a criminal complaint , the doors were locked when suspects , later identified as Clemon Ferguson and Jeremy Pierce knocked . When a customer opened the door for the pair , he noticed one suspect was carrying a gun . The customer claims the suspect pointed the gun at him .
The customer tried to knock the weapon away and a shot was fired . The customer then pulled a gun from his holster , and began firing . Ferguson was struck and died , and Pierce was injured .
The complaint indicates that following the altercation , Pierce fled the scene on foot , and discarded his gun near his home .
When police arrived on the scene they found the body of Clemon Ferguson on the floor of the barbershop . He was pronounced dead at the scene . A autopsy on Ferguson determined that he died as a result of gunshot wounds to the head and neck .
According to the criminal complaint , Pierce reported to the District 5 police station on Wednesday , and claimed he had been shot while walking on the sidewalk in the area of North Avenue and Martin Luther King Drive . Pierce told police that a man approached him from behind and attempted to rob him . Pierce then claims he heard a gunshot , realized he had been shot and than ran to the police station to report the incident .
Authorities say on November 22nd , Pierce , while in custody at Froedtert Hospital being treated for his gunshot wound , admitted that he did not sustain his gunshot wound after being approached my a man on the sidewalk near North Avenue and Martin Luther King Drive .
Cari Kuehmichel said she is thankful the barbershop 's customers and staff are safe , but concerned over the violence . Pierce reportedly admitted the two entered the shop with plans to commit a robbery because they needed quick money . Their alleged plans were foiled , but Kuehmichel says this incident is a sobering reminder to be on guard .
`` I think it was a good thing ( the customer ) was able to take care of the situation , but I 'm not really in favor of the concealer and carry . It makes me nervous , knowing it could have gone the other way . I think it makes us more aware , knowing we 're going to be here later in the evening . We 'll be more careful and just make sure the doors are locked , '' Kuehmichel said .
Pierce faces a felony murder charge in this case because he allegedly caused Ferguson 's death while attempting to commit an armed robbery . The customer involved is not facing charges , as the death was ruled self-defense .
For the general concept , see Pirate Party
Elected in EU Parliament Elected nationally Elected locally Registered for elections Registered in some states Unregistered but active Status unknown
Ordinary members Observer members in some states Resigned Removed due to dissolution or disbanding
Pirate Parties International ( PPI ) is a not-for-profit international non-governmental organisation with its headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . [ 1 ] Formed in 2010 , it serves as a worldwide organisation for Pirate Parties , currently representing members from 42 countries . The Pirate Parties are political incarnations of the freedom of expression movement , trying to achieve their goals by the means of the established political system rather than through activism . In 2017 PPI had been granted special consultative status to the United Nations Economic and Social Council . [ 2 ]
Aims [ edit ]
The PPI statutes [ 3 ] give its purposes as :
to help establish , to support and promote , and to maintain communication and co-operation between pirate parties around the world .
The PPI advocate on the international level for the promotion of the goals its Members share such as protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the digital age , consumer and authors rights oriented reform of copyright and related rights , support of information privacy , transparency and free access to information .
The name `` Pirates '' itself is a reappropriation of the title that was given to internet users by the representatives of the music and film industry , and does not refer to any illegal activity .
History [ edit ]
The first Pirate party was the Swedish Piratpartiet , founded on 1 January 2006 . Other parties and groups were formed in Austria , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Germany , Ireland , the Netherlands , Poland , and Spain . In 2007 , representatives of these parties met in Vienna , Austria to form an alliance and plan for the 2009 European Parliament elections . [ 4 ] Further conferences were held in 2008 in Berlin and Uppsala , the latter leading to the `` Uppsala Declaration '' of a basic platform for the elections . [ 5 ]
In September 2008 , Andrew Norton ( United States ) was appointed as coordinator of the PPI collective . In August 2009 he stepped down [ 6 ] and passed the function of coordinator over to the `` coreteam '' led by Patrick Mächler and Samir Allioui . [ 7 ]
In 2009 , the original Pirate Party won 7.1 % of the vote [ 8 ] in Sweden 's European Parliament elections and won two of Sweden 's twenty MEP seats , inspired by a surge in membership following the trial and conviction of three members of the ideologically aligned Pirate Bay a year earlier . [ 9 ]
On 18 April 2010 , the Pirate Parties International was formally founded in Brussels at the PPI Conference from April 16 to 18 . [ 1 ]
The Uppsala Declaration [ edit ]
At the 2009 conference of Pirate Parties International in Uppsala ( Sweden ) , European Pirate parties agreed on a common declaration of the parties ' goals for the upcoming election of the European Parliament . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] Central issues of the declaration are :
reform of copyright , exemption of non-commercial activity from copyright regulation , reduction of the duration of copyright protections ; banning of DRM technologies , opposition to media or hardware levies ;
reform of patent law , particularly stating that patents on life ( including patents on seeds and on genes ) and software should not be allowed ;
strengthening civil rights , transparent government , speedy and fair trial , freedom of speech and expansion of the right to anonymity in communication .
The Prague Declaration [ edit ]
At 2012 conference of Pirate Parties International in Prague ( Czech Republic ) , European Pirate parties agreed to run in the elections to the European Parliament in the year 2014 with a common program as well as establish a European political party . The declaration [ 12 ] has been followed by conferences in Potsdam and Barcelona to work on the structure of the legal body to come and the statutes for it .
Resignations [ edit ]
In February 2015 , Pirate Party Australia resigned from PPI due to serious disagreement with the direction and management of the organisation . [ 13 ] In the same month , Pirate Party UK also resigned [ 14 ] and in March the Belgian Pirate Party suspended its membership within PPI . [ 15 ]
On 20 April 2015 , the Pirate Party of Iceland voted overwhelmingly to leave PPI . [ 16 ] A member of the executive , Arnaldur Sigurðarson , reported a 96.56 % vote in favour of leaving , adding : “ PPI has been pretty much useless when it comes to its objectives which should be to encourage international cooperation between Pirate Parties . ”
In May 2015 , the Pirate Party of Sweden resolved with a significant majority to leave PPI , cancelling their observer status . [ 17 ]
In July 2016 , the Pirate Party of Canada officially withdrew from Pirate Parties International citing ongoing troubles with the organization as well as a failure to adequately provide any accomplishments over its history .
Structure [ edit ]
The PPI is governed by a board , formerly led by two co-chairs , [ 18 ] and since Warsaw conference of 2015 by a chair and a vice-chair . Policy , governance , and applications for membership are the responsibility of the PPI General Assembly which must convene at least once per year . [ 19 ] By the current rules , board members are elected for a two-year term , half of the board being elected every year .
PPI Conferences [ edit ]
Pirate Party movement worldwide [ edit ]
See Pirate Party and List of Pirate Parties for an overview of all Pirate Parties around the world .
If there 's any transaction more fraught with fear of scams than buying a car , it 's getting one fixed . Mechanic Jeremy Waters explains why people need to be a little more trusting — at least in his shop —Ed .
As a mechanic , I never like delivering bad news to a customer ; it 's not one of my favorite parts of the job . I do n't like telling a customer their 5-year-old heavy-duty truck needs $ 1,600 worth of brakes , front coil springs ( because they are broken and dangerous ) , tires , ball joints , tie rod end and work to pass state inspection , but I must if that 's the case . I do n't like telling the single mother that her car needs tires because the ones she has now have metal cords worn through the edges and are about to blow out , but someone has to tell her there 's a problem . How many customers check the inner shoulders of their tires ? How many remove their wheels every week to check out their brake specs ? Very few . And that 's why I have a job .
Nobody wants to come to a mechanic . They are there because they HAVE to be . Very few people maintain their cars , let alone repair them if there is a problem . That 's why many states have state inspections . Now let 's be clear here : I 'm not the kinda guy that goes looking for spiders . I know the difference between 5/32 's of tread and bald . I can reasonably judge at what point a given customer is going to need those rear brake shoes replaced . I can sleep at night , because my living is honest and straightforward . If it 's dangerous , I say so . If it 's not , I tell them . If they have time before a repair is needed , I let them know . If mechanical trouble is looming on their horizon , I tell them they may want to make a decision soon .
Our shop is very well established in most every way , but this week I pretty much got called a cheat by a newer customer who does n't know us . Straight to my face . After delivering the bad news concerning the aforementioned 5-year-old heavy-duty truck needing so much work he pretty much shot the words `` BS '' and `` I do n't believe it . '' That 's fine . I guess if I had a 5-year-old pickup truck that seemed to drive fine , ( mind you , it did n't ) I 'd be pretty upset too at a mechanic telling me I was on the hook for $ 1,600 worth of work , none of it warranty . What 's worse , if it does n't get the work done , it does n't get a sticker for the state . Mr . Officer keeps CLOSE tabs on that around here . of course , this fine gentleman waited until last minute — that is , Aug. 30 — to get his inspection done .
Advertisement
Owning a car is a privilege , and sometimes you got ta pay to play .
As they say , `` the proof is in the pudding . '' I 'm pretty sure he got bad news from a shop before me because he did n't go storming out when I broke it to him . Rather , he demanded proof . I actually LOVE it when a customer does that , because I love to be vindicated of any accusation they make against me . Vindication that I do n't have to rub in , because the problems with their vehicle are so straight up it 's in your face when inspected . Totally proveable , totally valid . All the more reason to be straight .
I showed Mr. C his busted coil springs , ready to slip off their perches and cause a severe control issue or tire blowout . I showed him the tires that were down PAST the wear bar ( illegal here and actually citable ) and almost bald . I took the brakes apart and showed him where his pad backing had ground into his rotors ( he did n't hear a thing ; I heard it immediately ) and even showed him the specs with a micrometer that proved his rotors were already undersized and uncuttable . I even bolted on his wheels and proved that his ball joints were so bad they needed replacement , and backed it up with factory specs . Mind you , I did this all on my own dime in good faith . As satisfied as he could be that I was n't lying , and a bit miffed at a new truck needing so much , we hit the office . Then it came to pricing , and every part and charge was called into question . My labor rate ( which is actually slightly below the area average ) , my parts , every little thing called into play . I charge too much . I 'm ripping peeps off .
Advertisement
See folks , it 's OK for a dentist to make $ 1,000 an hour . Nobody bats an eyelash at that because we have insurance that could pick that up . No one cares that a family practice doctor can bank $ 200 off of one 15-minute visit , and forget the fact he or she gets major kickbacks and perks from pharmaceutical companies that pretty much cover their office overhead . It 's A-OK for a CEO to make millions of dollars by closing American factories , blowing American workers ' pensions and shipping our jobs overseas because it 's cheaper to pay some kid in a sweatshop in Burma half a cent to make a product , then ship it over here . After all , we expect that from them , it 's what they do . No problem , but this jerk mechanic wants to charge me how much to repair my car ?
Also at Autoholics :
• Rolling heavy on a Kawasaki ZX-10 at Nürburgring
• The New New Charger Cop Car : Still Badass ?
• Slammin ' It Home in a Corvette ZO6 For Two Weeks
Advertisement
It comes down to this : I have costs too ! I have thousands of dollars worth of hand tools — just hand tools — that I have to buy in order to even service vehicles nowadays . That does not include the $ 10,000 scanner I have to buy to repair generic OBDII systems , and that I have to update every year . It does n't include the money I have to pay out of my own pocket to buy special electronic tools in order to diagnose and repair today 's cars that are six times more complex than the space shuttle . It does n't include the subscriptions and dues I have to pay to the parent companies so I can have access to technology , information , and special computers in order to remain competitive . It does n't include the 6 lifts I have to service and repair if they break . Forget the schooling I have to pay for , forget the ASE 's I have to get , forget the fact that every ounce of electricity that comes into my shop has a price tag on it , not to mention the water , gas , chemicals , special tools and equipment , supplies , uniforms , heat , benefits , mechanics ' wages , staff , office stuff , advertising , maintenance and shop and grounds upkeep . All those things do n't come for free , nor cheap . The owner has to write a check for each and every one .
Folks , that stuff has to get paid for . Someone has to pay for it . I do n't like telling the customer that they 're the ones who have to pay for it , but let 's be real here ; it 's business like any other business . The consumer supports the industry . Thus the reason football is a billion dollar industry . So is music and entertainment . I do n't work for free . Why should I ? No one feeds my kids for free . My kids do n't go to school for free . My clothes are n't free . My cars break , too . My house was n't given to me . Heck , my entertainment is n't even free . In reality , when you consider the `` cost of business '' increases within the industry over the past 30 years , mechanics should charge nearly $ 300 an hour for the amount of tools , specializations and overhead involved . We do n't . Why not ? Because there 's no health insurance for cars to cover that cost . That comes out of the owner 's pocket , and most of us in the industry respect that such costs would break your back , and in turn break ours .
All said , if you own a car , you are going to pay money some way or another . Be it in maintenance for your 2011 model ( still got ta change the oil ! ) or repairs and upkeep on your '87 Celebrity . It 's part of car ownership that no one likes to address ; we address it because we have to at that time . Owning a car is a privilege , and sometimes you got ta pay to play . After all , if it was cheap and easy then anyone could do it .
Advertisement
So just remember , if you get handed a bill for some serious cash to fix you car , the likelihood is the mechanic is n't trying to rip you or trick you , he 's just trying to keep the doors open and put food on the table . That 's what he 's paid for . If you 're looking for a cheat , turn off your reality TV and look at government and big business . You should be more worried about that anyway !
Photos : Nikkorsnapper , AdamL212 via Flickr .
This story originally appeared on Autoholics on Sept. 7 , 2011 , and was republished with permission .
Advertisement
Email us with the subject line `` Syndication '' if you would like to see your own story syndicated here on Jalopnik .
Video interviews with two activists whose homes were raided
Activists denounce FBI raids on antiwar and solidarity activists ' homes
Subpoenas , Searches , and FBI visits carried out in cities across the country
By Fight Back ! staff
September 24 , 2010 -- We denounce the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) harassment of anti-war and solidarity activists in several states across the country . The FBI began turning over six houses in Chicago and Minneapolis this morning , Friday , September 24 , 2010 , at 8 am central time . The FBI handed subpoenas to testify before a federal grand jury to about a dozen activists in Illinois , Minnesota and Michigan . They also attempted to intimidate activists in California and North Carolina .
`` The government hopes to use a grand jury to frame up activists . The goal of these raids is to harass and try to intimidate the movement against U.S. wars and occupations , and those who oppose US support for repressive regimes '' , said Colombia solidarity activist Tom Burke , one of those handed a subpoena by the FBI . `` They are designed to suppress dissent and free speech , to divide the peace movement , and to pave the way for more US military intervention in the Middle East and Latin America . ''
This suppression of democratic rights is aimed towards those who dedicate much of their time and energy to supporting the struggles of the Palestinian and Colombian peoples against US-funded occupation and war . The activists are involved with well-known antiwar groups including many of the leaders of the huge protest against the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota ( MN ) , in September 2008 . The FBI agents emphasised that the grand jury was going to investigate the activists for possible terrorism charges . This is a US government attempt to silence those who support resistance to oppression in the Middle East and Latin America .
The activists involved have done nothing wrong and are refusing to be pulled into conversations with the FBI about their political views or organising against war and occupation . The activists are involved with many groups , including the Palestine Solidarity Group , Students for a Democratic Society , the Twin-Cities Anti-War Committee , the Colombia Action Network , the Freedom Road Socialist Organization and the National Committee to Free Ricardo Palmera ( a Colombian political prisoner ) .
Steff Yorek , a long-time antiwar activist and one of the activists whose homes was searched , called the raids “ an outrageous fishing expedition ” .
We urge all progressive activists to show solidarity with those individuals targeted by the US government . Activists have the right not to speak with the FBI and are encouraged to politely refuse , just say “ No ” .
Please contact info @ colombiasolidarity.org or info @ fightbacknews.org if you would like to provide support to the targeted activists .
At least four houses in Minneapolis raided , other houses in Michigan , NC , Chicago targeted
September 24 , 2020 -- Update -- At least four known houses were raided this morning including another location at Stevens Square . There were also at least two subpoenas served on activists . Keep on alert ! Know your rights ! Do n't talk to the FBI !
On Friday morning , three houses in the Minneapolis area are believed to have been raided by SWAT teams . While we have few details right now , the FBI appears to be targeting people associated with the Freedom Road Socialist Organization . Besides the raids in Minneapolis , houses in Michigan , North Carolina and Chicago were also targeted .
Raids occurred at 1823 Riverside , above the Hard Times Cafe , and the 2900 block of Park Ave. One other raid is reported , as well . Outside Hard Times Cafe , three unmarked black SUVs ( one with an Illinois license plate ) sat in the parking area as of 10am , when a lawyer observed 8 FBI agents sitting in the residence examining materials . Otherwise the scene was calm .
Agents had broken in the door there at 7am Friday morning , breaking an aquarium in the process .
The federal search warrants appear to be focusing on seizing electronic devices , international travel and allegeing `` co-conspirators '' . They do not authorise arrests .
The search warrant for 1823 Riverside , the residence of activist Mick Kelly , sought information `` regarding ability to pay for his own travel '' to Palestine and Colombia from 2000 to today . The warrant hyped potential documents indicating any contacts/facilitation with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) , Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) and Lebanon ' s Hezbollah -- what it called `` FTOs '' or `` foreign terrorist organizations '' . It mentioned seeking information on the alleged `` facilitation of other individuals in the US to travel to Colombia , Palestine and any other foreign location in support of foreign terrorist organizations including but not limited to FARC , PFLP and Hezbollah '' .
The wording of the warrant appears to indicate the government seeks to create divisions among social justice and international soldarity activists by hyping alleged connections to what they call `` foreign terrorist organizations . ''
The warant also sought information on `` Kelly 's travel to and from and presence in MN , and other foreign countries [ sic ] to which Kelly has tavelled as part of his work in FRSO [ Freedom Road Socialist Organization ] '' , as well as materials related to his finances and the finances of FRSO , and all computer and electronic devices .
The federal warrant was signed by Judge Susan Nelson at 3:30pm , September 23 .
War Times/Tiempo de Guerras
PO Box 22748 | Oakland , CA 94609
http : //www.war-times.org/
Statutes governing Idaho 's age of consent , associated criminal charges , available defenses , and penalties for conviction .
In Idaho , a person who engages in sexual activity with a child under the age of 18 can be convicted of statutory rape , even if the child agrees to or initiates the activity .
For statutory rape , whether the child consents in irrelevant . However , engaging in sexual activity with another person of any age by force or when the other person is unable to consent or is prevented from resisting can lead to charges for forcible sex crimes or even assault . ( For more information on assault crimes in Idaho , see our articles on Idaho assault and battery laws and Idaho aggravated assault and battery laws . )
Idaho 's Statutory Rape Laws and Potential Penalties
Rape . In Idaho , rape is defined as oral , anal , or vaginal penetration , however , slight , with a penis . The law states that both males and females are capable of committing rape . Under Idaho law , statutory rape occurs when there is penetration between :
a child who is under the age of 16 and a defendant who is 18 years of age or older , or
a child who is age 16 or 17 and a defendant who is three or more years older than the child .
For example , it is rape for a 19-year-old to have sex with a 15-year-old , and it is also raped for a 23-year-old person to allow a 17-year-old to perform oral sex on him or her .
A conviction for statutory rape can result in a prison sentence ranging from one year to life . ( Idaho Code Ann . §§ 18-6101 , 18-6104 ( 2018 ) . )
Lewd conduct with a child under 16 . The crime of lewd conduct with a child involves engaging in sexual contact ( including genital-genital , genital-oral , and genital-anal contact ) with a minor under the age of 16 . A conviction can result in a sentence of up to life in prison . ( Idaho Code . Ann . § 18-1508 ( 2018 ) . )
Sexual battery of a child 16 or 17 years of age . A person commits sexual battery by engaging in or soliciting sexual contact with a child who is 16 or 17 years old when the defendant is at least five years older . A conviction can result in a prison sentence of up to 25 years or life , depending on the nature of the sex act . ( Idaho Code Ann . § 18-1508A ( 2018 ) . )
Sexual abuse of a child under 16 . A person who is 18 years old or older commits sexual abuse by engaging in or soliciting sexual contact with a child under the age of 16 . A conviction can result in up to 25 years in prison . ( Idaho Code Ann . § 18-1506 ( 2018 ) . )
Idaho 's Child Enticement Law
Talking to a child ( or a person posing as a child ) online about sexual activity or luring a child away from the child 's parents can result in child enticement charges , even if no sexual activity ever occurs . A conviction for child enticement can result in up to 15 years in prison . ( Idaho Code Ann . §§ 18-1509 , 18-1509A ( 2018 ) . )
Sex Offender Registration
Under Idaho 's sex offender registration law , people convicted of statutory rape ( except an 18-year-old defendant convicted of raping a child under the age of 16 ) are required to register as sex offenders . ( Idaho Code Ann . §§ 18-8304 , 18-8310 ( 2018 ) . )
Defenses to a Statutory Rape Charge in Idaho
Defendants charged with statutory rape have the usual defenses available to all criminal defendants , such as “ Someone else committed this crime , ” or “ The alleged conduct did not occur. ” One or more of the following defenses may also apply .
Marriage
Under Idaho 's laws , a person can not be convicted of statutory rape against his or her underage spouse . ( Idaho Code Ann . § 18-6107 ( 2018 ) . ) This defense is part of Idaho 's marital rape exemption .
The “ Romeo and Juliet ” Exception
Named after the teenage lovers in Shakespeare 's play , “ Romeo and Juliet ” exceptions , like the ones in Idaho , are intended to prevent serious criminal charges against teenagers who engage in sex with others close to their own age . In Idaho , for example , an 18-year-old who had sex with a 16 or 17-year-old typically would not be prosecuted . ( Idaho Code Ann . § 18-6101 ( 2018 ) . )
However , sexual contact with a child under 16 years old is always a serious crime , no matter the age of the defendant . A conviction for engaging in sexual activity with someone younger than 16 is punishable by up to life in prison .
Mistake as to the child 's age
A mistake as to the child 's age is not a defense to a charge of statutory rape . ( State v. Stiffler , 788 P.2d 220 ( Idaho 1990 ) . )
For example , even if a defendant believed that a girl was 18 years old , and the child looked 18 years old and told the defendant that she was 18 years old , that is not a defense to rape if the child is , in fact , under the age of 18 .
Get Legal Help
A statutory rape conviction in Idaho carries potentially severe penalties . If you are charged with statutory rape , you should contact a local criminal defense attorney as soon as possible to discuss your options . The law can change at any time , and an experienced attorney will be able to explain the criminal justice system to you and present the strongest arguments in your case so that you can achieve the best outcome possible under the circumstances .
Help for Sexual Assault and Rape Survivors
If you are a victim of sexual assault or rape , contact Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network ( RAINN ) for online help and local resources .
Updated September 24 , 2018
Virginia is `` the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases . ''
GOP gubernatorial nominee Ken Cuccinelli says the state has made strides in keeping guns away from the mentally ill since the 2007 mass shooting at Virginia Tech .
`` What we 've done in Virginia is we have become the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases , '' Cuccinelli said during a Sept. 25 debate with Democrat Terry McAuliffe .
We wondered if Virginia really is No . 1 .
To support his statement , Cuccinelli campaign spokeswoman Anna Nix pointed to a chart in the Seattle Times that ranked states on that measure.The chart was based on figures compiled by Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- a gun control group started by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
Those figures show Virginia had submitted 2,254 mental health records to the national background check system for every 100,000 residents in the state . That was the highest ratio among all states in late 2011 .
The gun control group said in a November 2011 version of its Fatal Gaps report that Virginia had been sharing records with the national background check database for a decade , but the volume of records shared increased after the 2007 Virginia Tech tragedy .
In that case , Seung-Hui Cho , was able to purchase two handguns he used to kill 32 people despite going through federal and state background checks at licensed gun dealers , according to a 2009 panel report on the shooting to then Gov . Tim Kaine .
Cho had been deemed a danger to himself by a Virginia court , and that normally would have made him ineligible to buy the weapons . But his information was not shared with the federal National Instant Background Check System , the panel said , because of ambiguities in Virginia 's guns laws .
The Virginia Tech shootings sparked a nationwide examination of the national background check system . Congress passed a 2008 law providing incentives for states to submit mental health records to the national background check system , but they are under no requirement comply . Virginia also passed legislation expanding the mental health records that have to be sent to the federal and state background check databases .
Mayors Against Illegal Guns notes on its interactive chart that in the wake of the massacre , Virginia became the national leader in submitting mental health records to the national background check system .
It remained at the top of the group 's list until October 2012 , Erika Soto Lamb , a spokeswoman for Mayors Against Illegal Guns , said in an e-mail . Since , then , however , Pennsylvania has vaulted from the bottom of the pack to the top .
That month , according to the Pittsburgh Post Gazette , the Pennsylvania State Police resolved lengthy legal and technical problems and transmitted 643,167 mental health records to the NICS .
The submission means that Pennsylvania has submitted about 5,003 mental health records to the national background check system per 100,000 residents .
Virginia was a distant No . 2 in the latest report by the mayors ' group , which counts all submissions through Oct. 31 , 2012 . Virginia had sent 180,338 mental health records to NICS . That breaks down to about 2,220 records per 100,000 residents .
Rounding out the Top 5 were Delaware , California and Washington .
The Bottom 5 , in descending order , were Oklahoma , Louisiana , North Dakota , Rhode Island and Massachusetts .
The gun control group plans to issue an updated report in the coming weeks .
Our ruling
Cuccinelli said Virginia is `` the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases . '' His claim is based on outdated numbers .
Virginia used to be No.1 , but was surpassed by Pennsylvania last year . Now , we 're a distant No . 2 . That 's still impressive .
So Cuccinelli 's statement is largely accurate but needs the clarification . We rate it Mostly True .
TORONTO – At this point , it 's too soon to say that Rogers Communications Inc. , has definitively placed a “ for sale ” sign on the Toronto Blue Jays . There do n't appear to be any firm plans , processes or timelines in place to put the club out on the open market , and any potential transaction will be very complicated .
Still , the possibility , to some degree , is quite clearly getting very serious senior-level consideration as made clear by chief financial officer Tony Staffieri during a Q & A session Tuesday with analyst John C. Hodulik at a UBS Global Media and Communications conference in New York on Tuesday .
Asked whether it still makes sense for Rogers to own a sports team , Staffieri said there are “ other ways we can get the exclusive content through renting it , much like we did with our NHL deal . And so , we 're looking at ways to better surface values for the Blue Jays , for example . That 's become a very valuable asset for us that we do n't get full credit for . And so , like some of the other assets on our balance sheet , we 're looking at better ways to surface value for them . ”
“ To be clear , ” he added , “ there is n't anything imminent that we 're about to announce , but we 're certainly looking at the alternatives . ”
The concept of surfacing the value – or ensuring that an asset 's full worth is reflected in a company 's share price – of non-core company assets such as the Blue Jays has been mentioned by senior Rogers leaders before , most notably by CEO Joe Natale during an October conference call with analysts .
But Staffieri 's comments were the most specific public indication to this point that the idea of selling the Blue Jays is far more than a concept being casually tossed around , and triggered a corresponding frenzy of speculation about the team 's future . Adding fuel to the mix is Natale telling the Globe and Mail this week that Rogers intends to increase investment in its wireless network over the next two years , an endeavour that could cost billions .
Asked for further comment Wednesday , Rogers ' director of media relations Sarah Schmidt provided the following statement : “ We have terrific sports assets including the Toronto Blue Jays that have performed really well for us . As we have said , we would like to surface value and get credit for these assets in our overall company valuation . ”
Forbes valued the Blue Jays at $ 1.3 billion in April , well before the lowly Miami Marlins sold for $ 1.2 billion in September . Some estimates peg the Blue Jays more in the $ 1.6-billion range , but either way , finding a buyer wo n't be a simple task given that the pool of billionaires is limited . If a transfer were to occur , Major League Baseball would likely prefer the team go to an individual , as opposed to another corporation , with Edward Rogers , currently the club 's chairman and son of the telecommunication giant 's founder Ted Rogers , one speculative possibility .
Edward Rogers is the Blue Jays ' control person with Major League Baseball .
Staffieri said that sports will continue to be a focus of Rogers ' business on the media side – “ sports content continues to grow at healthy margins , ” he said – but later added that , “ I would like to get the content without necessarily having the capital tied up on our balance sheet . ”
A commitment to keep the club 's broadcast rights with Rogers would no doubt impact any potential sale , as would the need for hundreds of millions in renovations at Rogers Centre , the Blue Jays ' home .
So there 's plenty to untangle before a sale can go down .
The news comes just as the off-season 's business is set to pick up ahead of the winter meetings next week in Orlando , and is sure to prompt the representatives for any free agents the Blue Jays are speaking with to ask some tough questions .
Despite that , general manager Ross Atkins , speaking Wednesday afternoon during the Toronto chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America 's annual awards luncheon , said he and his staff continue to operate on the plans they 've already laid out .
“ We have so much freedom and flexibility the way that we do operate and the way we 've articulated our strategy , our resources , our goals to agents , other teams , nothing has changed on that front , ” said Atkins .
Atkins praised Edward Rogers , Natale and Staffieri for their support and for “ having helped us be a better organization . That will remain to be the same , as far as I 'm concerned . ”
The club 's plan for this off-season remains to try and compete for a post-season berth in 2018 and the news wo n't cause the team to alter its course .
“ My respect for the way our set-up exists and the direction we 've been given and that Mark gives me , and Edward , Joe and Tony give us , is sound and clear . We feel we have everything that we need to run a good business and a good baseball team , ” said Atkins , adding later : “ We understand what our resources are and what we have to operate with – they are plenty . We are comfortable with where things stand . ”
Shortstop Alemdys Diaz is the only major add the Blue Jays have made so far in a largely slow moving market , and much work remains augmenting a club that finished 76-86 in an injury-riddled 2017 .
There are holes at multiple spots in need of upgrading and the club remains on the hunt for another versatile player to bolster Diaz , who is coming off a difficult 2017 and has an option remaining .
“ We know we need to complement our infield further , our outfield further , our pitching further , ” said Atkins . “ Potentially even complement our catching situation in some way . ”
‘ We can not afford to be weak at sea … history has shown that whatever power controls the Indian Ocean has , in the first instance , India 's seaborne trade at her mercy , and in the second , India 's very independence itself . ' Jawaharlal Nehru
Indian strategic culture has been characterised by a preoccupation with land based threats ( PDF ) , a bias evident from an examination of budgetary allocations to the three services . The Navy has traditionally got the least funding , resulting in it being called the Cinderella Service . This has been due to several factors . First , India has a history over millennia of being repeatedly invaded from the Northwestern plains . Second , the British stymied the growth of the Indian Navy , seeing it as a potential strategic competitor . Third , all of India 's major 20th century conflicts in 1947 , 1962,1965,1971 and 1999 were against land powers . Finally , the trend was reinforced by the US alignment with Pakistan as a response to India 's perceived tilting towards the USSR , which had the effect of keeping India focused on remaining a land power and not transitioning to a maritime one .
Since the 1990s , India has rejected inward-looking economic models of growth and has increasingly integrated itself into the global economy . As a result , 75 % of India 's trade by value and 97 % by volume is now carried by sea . Sustained rates of economic growth towards double figures are required for India to pursue its primary national goals of lifting large proportions of its population out of poverty , and once again becoming a pivotal nation in global affairs . Fuelling this growth requires great quantities of energy .
With four fifths of Indian energy supplies being imported by sea—the bulk of which originates from the Persian Gulf and passes through the Straits of Hormuz—India is confronted with the ‘ Hormuz dilemma ' . That particular arc of nations is home to Islamic extremist groups and has a large presence of private military security companies . The former Indian navy chief flagged these as a threat . India 's unease about security around Hormuz and the western Indian Ocean is palpable in a region that collectively accounts for a sizeable proportion of the crises and conflicts in the world .
The Indian Ocean is home to the world 's most important shipping lanes and the principal maritime straits , including the Malacca Strait , the Bab al Mandab and the Lombok Strait in addition to Hormuz . Together these carry over half the world 's container traffic and over 80 % of the world 's seaborne oil trade transits through the Indian Ocean . Geopolitical security concerns coupled with widespread piracy have ensured the presence of many external powers . The recognition that the Asia Pacific is the future engine of world growth and the rise of China have compelled the US to have a forward deployed presence in the region and are the prime reasons for the US pivot . The US Navy has long identified a need for an expansion in ship numbers , but its fleet continues to shrink . Most recently , the identified required fleet size was in the range of 313–346 ships , but it 's presently hovering in the 280s .
The US has proclaimed India as a natural ally and a linchpin of America 's ‘ pivot ' that will act as a ‘ regional anchor ' in the new world order . In 2010 , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates declared India 's potential to be a net provider of security in the Indian Ocean and beyond . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed similar sentiments . India now plans for the development of a blue water Navy , as envisioned by then Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Suresh Mehta in 2006 . India aims to have 160 combat ships by 2022 , centered around at least three aircraft carriers . With the Navy now receiving a budget share hovering about the 20 % mark , and with the Navy 's portion of capital acquisitions far exceeding that of the Army , this is no longer mere conjecture .
While there are tensions on the Himalayan front , large scale land warfare in the high altitude Himalayas for any prolonged stretch of time is extrordinarily difficult . It 's on the seas where Indi–China strategic competition with China is most likely to play out . India fears the so-called ‘ string of pearls'—a supposed Chinese attempt at encircling India in its maritime backyard . China also depends on oceanic energy supplies for its survival , preoccupied as it is with its own ‘ Malacca dilemma ' .
Today China finds itself in a rare situation historically ( PDF ) of not having land-based threats pose as its dominant security concerns , which has resulted in China 's explosive expansion of its naval arm which will , among other things , bring it into the Indian Ocean in some numbers . India has described China as the ‘ principal variable in the calculus of Indian foreign and defence policy ' . As recent crises in Ukraine , Syria and Iran have demonstrated , the US needs to maintain a global naval presence—some argue that the US needs to maintain a ‘ three-hub navy ' . But with declining fleet numbers , the US will need partners , and India is one obvious candidate . How the US chooses to engage India and balance China will determine the trajectory taken by sea power in the Indian Ocean and beyond .
Himanil Raina is a student at the NALSAR University of Law and a freelance writer on geopolitical and international affairs . Image courtesy of Wikipedia .
JANE LYTVYNENKO
The Fulcrum ( University of Ottawa )
OTTAWA ( CUP ) — Kathleen Simmons , owner of Van Loon Simmons , a law firm specializing in copyright , broadcasting , and government law and policy , has been at the forefront of the Bill C-11 debate , advocating on behalf of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters .
“ From the broadcasters ' position , this bill is hugely important , ” said Simmons , a graduate of the University of Ottawa 's law school . “ And it 's not just the broadcasters — virtually everybody who has said anything about this bill said , ‘ Thank you for introducing legislation . ' ”
Simmons said copyright laws in Canada were last updated to accommodate cassette tapes . With new technologies , especially the Internet , copyright laws need to be more expansive and adapt to modern times .
“ What used to be a traditional spectrum of creators on one side and users on the other side is not quite as black and white as that , ” she said . “ User-generated content mixes and lines are blurred .
“ I think that it 's safe to say that it 's essential that we get some kind of copyright reform right now , ” Simmons added . “ I think this particular bill is much better than the last couple of bills than we 've seen . It really achieves a lot more balance . ”
Jason Kee , director of policy and legal affairs at Entertainment Software Association of Canada , agrees the bill is a step in the right direction .
“ Overall , we are generally supportive of the bill , ” said Kee . “ It will improve the current situation with respect to copyright in Canada and overall piracy in Canada .
“ Bill C-11 is an attempt to deal with several interests that prevail that have to come up with a balanced approach and we feel like it 's done that , ” he added . “ It does so by providing technological protection measures — the so-called digital locks — to protect copyrighted works as well as offers a new course of action that will actually allow rights holders to pursue legal action . ”
Digital locks
Digital locks are put on content to prevent illegal copies from being made , making it more difficult for the user to rip content off CDs , DVDs , or to download certain items more than a set number of times . Bill C-11 suggests breaking digital locks should be made illegal , but puts their use up to the discretion of content providers .
“ What 's in C-11 right now is , basically , if there 's a digital lock , you ca n't break it , ” said Simmons . “ That is probably the biggest problem with this legislation — the very heavy-handed approach the government has taken to digital locks . ”
The implementation of digital locks is not a new concept . Kee said the gaming and other entertainment industries have always used them to prevent piracy , which costs the gaming industry alone an estimated $ 3.5 billion globally each year .
“ The challenge we 've had in Canada is the absence of legal protection for digital locks , ” said Kee . “ Even though it 's illegal to break them in many other countries — including the United States and most European countries — because it 's perfectly legal here , the guys who use the tools to break the locks are based in Canada . ”
Simmons said the problem with making breaking digital locks illegal is users ca n't use the locked content with regard to the fair dealing policy — using content for personal means and not as a means of illegal redistribution .
“ There 's a very simple solution being advocated to make [ digital locks ] something that makes sense , which is to tie the anti-circumvention provisions to infringement , ” said Simmons . “ If you 're breaking a digital lock with the intention of … using things that allow you to put your DVD on your computer as a back-up , then it should be permitted . ”
Both Simmons and Kee are unsure of whether the government will make any major changes to the bill .
“ I 'd be surprised if we see any amendments that are of any significance simply because the government has made it very clear they 're not going to entertain those , ” said Kee . “ Because the government has a majority , they will only put forward the amendments they see as correct . ”
Bill C-11 versus SOPA
The United States government recently introduced a controversial piece of legislation aimed at fighting copyright infringement through Internet regulation . The Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA ) was created to eliminate pirated online content — particularly on foreign sites — and allow for legal action against websites found violating copyright regulations .
Open Media , an organization fighting for consumer rights on media regulation issues , has mobilized Canadians to sign a petition against Bill C-11 for the fear of it becoming a Canadian version of SOPA .
“ This bill is a sad thing for communication , ” said Lindsey Pinto , media relations manager at Open Media . “ What we 're the most concerned about is the potential for SOPA-like provisions to be put in . We 're concerned it would lead to things like blocking websites . ”
Pinto said about 30,000 people already signed the online petition , adding some people also organized protests against the bill across the country . Though not as strong as the backlash against SOPA — Americans took to the streets while websites , including Wikipedia , cut off service for 24 hours to protest SOPA — Bill C-11 has been met with resistance .
Both Kee and Simmons agree Bill C-11 and SOPA are two different pieces of legislation .
“ It 's important to realize that C-11 is not remotely comparable to SOPA — what they were about was making something illegal , they were about providing remedies , ” said Kee . “ C-11 deals with domestic issues [ and ] does n't include any remedies . There are no comparisons between the two regimes . ”
Kee believes that some discussions around the bill are based on innacurate information . “ Some people do n't have a full appreciation of what 's in the bill and are getting mad , ” he said .
Simmons said although the Conservative government can still make revisions to the bill , she doubts anything as drastic as SOPA will be introduced .
“ I do n't know how real the threat is , ” said Simmons about the potential last-minute revisions . “ We should always be concerned that big media will do what they can to protect their legacy business model .
“ They 're not adjusted well to the Internet age , so there 's a real possibility they will use the digital locks to the detriment of consumers — and if consumers have a problem with that , they should certainly be voicing that . ”
Pinto echoed Simmons 's statement , saying even if the chances of drastic changes to C-11 are low , consumers should make their opinion on the issue known .
“ If we can all come together and tell the government what we want to see , I imagine the government will be forced to listen , ” said Pinto . “ We need to galvanize the public and make sure their voices are heard . ”
—
Graphic : Mico Mazza/The Fulcrum
Stella Bain
By Anita Shreve ,
Little , Brown and Company , 265 pages , $ 28
There is no doubt that public education has neglected the First World War , with history teachers squeezing in a few lectures before launching into succeeding conflicts . Literature has been kinder to the Great War , offering many opportunities to remedy that oversight .
Shell shock alone has been the subject of scores of novels ( most notably Pat Barker 's “ Regeneration ” trilogy ) that remind us how the First World War inextricably altered the trajectory — and the mythology — of the heroic soldier .
Now Anita Shreve , the bestselling author of “ The Pilot 's Wife ” and “ The Weight of Water ” , has joined the ranks of writers who want to plumb the depths of shell shock 's despair and disruptions .
“ Stella Bain ” attempts to solve the mystery of a woman who regains consciousness in a French field hospital in March 1916 with little memory of her past .
When we meet Stella , “ she floats inside a cloud . Cottony , a little dingy. ” In a few weeks , a few memories start to return — she can assist in surgery , drive an ambulance .
A British nursing sister thinks Stella is an American . But further clues to her identity prove elusive — until she hears a man utter the word “ admiralty ” as he speaks of his brother who apparently died on a sinking ship . She ponders its significance — it becomes “ a kind of mythic goal ” — and decides a trip to London , home of the British Royal Navy 's headquarters , is her best hope . So off she goes , on an improbable quest for answers .
Stella 's journey of self-discovery allows us to encounter the horrors of the First World War , groundbreaking treatments in psychotherapy , early acknowledgments of domestic violence , and the glimmer of first-wave feminism .
Shreve even references , briefly , a gay love story . But the historic backdrop and foreshadowing of social revolution can not overcome a critical shortcoming of her latest tome : It is difficult to work up much of a sweat over Stella .
Maybe it is the uninspired dialogue . “ 'Living with memory loss has meant a life of frustration , ' Stella says . ‘ How did the soldiers I met in the hospital camp survive the affliction ? Did they go mad , as I sometimes think I will ? ' ”
Maybe it is all that writing in the present tense , which in certain passages reads like stage directions . Or maybe it is simply this : Despite the extraordinary times in which she lives , Stella is a bit of a snooze .
Shreve takes her time filling in a backstory that starts in late-19th-century New Hampshire : Stella has a love affair that ends badly , a misguided marriage to a man with a propensity for cruelty , and a friendship with another man who flees the United States after his reputation is destroyed by her husband .
All of which are preludes to the moment when Stella , whose real name turns out to be Etna Bliss , leaves her family and signs up for duty as a nurse 's aide in France . She must somehow find her friend , now driving an ambulance for the British Red Cross , and make amends .
You might hope for a shattering plot twist midway through the novel or some startling psychological insight or an ending that is not necessarily filled with love and laughter . But you will have to find that elsewhere . Stella Bain is a happily-ever-after girl .
–Los Angeles Times
If one fox is not enough , why not three instead ?
Info for the vehicle ( from Wikipedia ) :
FV721 Fox armoured reconnaissance vehicle was a 4x4 armoured car deployed by the British Army during 1973~1993 . Armed with 30mm L21 RARDEN cannon and a coaxial L37A2 7.62mm machine gun .
The Fox was typically attached to armoured and mechanized infantry battalions . The use of high mobility light vehicles such as the Fox would provide the ability to out flank heavier armoured divisions . This also potentially enabled the Fox to act as a scout and a vehicle that can engage similar light vehicles .
Finally finished my 6-month-contract on board . Time to upload some pictures I 've done during my days on vessel .
This is my first attempt of drawing with markers , crappy though ... Still looking for my art style
Also it is a part of my comic project ( which is not yet started at all~~ )
Hope you enjoy it !
Today would 've been R & B star Aaliyah 's 37th birthday . Aaliyah died in a plane crash on her way home from shooting the music video for `` Rock the Boat '' in 2001 . She had just released her third album and was signed up to be a star in the Matrix sequels . Her role eventually went to Nona Gaye .
Aaliyah released her first album when she was only 15 years old and remains influential to an array of major artists working today .
1 . Rihanna
Rihanna , whose new album Anti is supposed to drop sometime soon , has spoken several times about how Aaliyah 's videos influenced her own . And plenty of bloggers have spotted Rihanna sporting looks that echo some of Aaliyah 's most famous outfits .
2 . Ciara
Ciara 's mix of hip hop and R & B , dance moves and sleek stylings garnered more than one comparison to Aaliyah when she first came out with songs like `` Goodies . '' Though the interview is not up on Billboard anymore , Ciara once told Billboard about Aaliyah 's influence on her . She told hip-hop blog That Grape Juice :
`` She was true to who she was and she did n't seem to care about it . The core of her art to me is heavily , heavily urban based . When an artist 's music is so urban based , sometimes people like to take risks with artists like that . When you think about it , it really is pop , it really is cultural and that 's the one thing that I thought was cool about her music . It never felt like she was trying to reach across or do anything more than just keep that cool , soulful , heavy urban core about it . It was n't like she was trying to be anything more than who she was . I really respect that and I appreciate that . ''
You can hear Aaliyah 's influence on Ciara in her slower anthems like `` Body Party . ''
3 . Drake
Anyone who knows Drake knows that he says his music is most influenced by Aaliyah . He 's written letters to Aaliyah , he has Aaliyah tattooed on her back , has an image of her on his earpiece that he wears during performances and has released singles featuring the late singer .
Watch Drake talk about Aaliyah 's influence :
4 . Alicia Keys
One of Alicia Keys ' most famous songs , from her landmark debut alum Songs In A Minor , was `` If I Ai n't Got You . '' In 2011 , Rap-up.com reported that Keys said Aaliyah 's death influenced the song .
`` 'If I Ai n't Got You ' was also such an incredible song for me , it just means so much . Certain songs change everything . This was one of them , '' she said .
5 . Beyoncé
While Beyoncé was still part of Destiny 's Child , Aaliyah was perfecting a style that Beyoncé would eventually adopt : the sexually liberated woman who was in control of herself . It 's no coincidence that when the Telegraph made a list of the ten women who most influenced Beyoncé , they put Aaliyah alongside greats like TIna Turner , Mary J. Blige and Diana Ross .
Some people claim to hear echoes of Aaliyah in sexual , experimental songs like Beyoncé 's `` Video Phone '' and in an interview with the radio show The Breakfast Club , That Grape Juice reported , Timbaland said Aaliyah `` would have been Beyoncé status because she was the first one to do all those things . ''
6 . Tinashe
A relative newcomer to the R & B game , Tinashe has already been outspoken about the huge role Aaliyah played in reshaping the R & B genre and how much influence Aaliyah had on her own career .
`` We owe our chill vibe to her , '' Tinashe told Billboard in 2011 . `` People were used to artists belting things out . She brought a new vocal styling that was n't represented in R & B . Not everything has to be so uptempo . ''
You can hear Aaliyah 's influence on Tinashe 's `` All Hands on Deck . ''
7 . Wynter Gordon
Wynter Gordon scored a No . 1 song on the Billboard dance charts in 2010 with her `` Dirty Talk , '' and has gushed about what Aaliyah meant to her career and personally as a woman .
She told Billboard :
`` I think she was just finding herself when she died . She was just coming into her own . She was n't like this young girl anymore . She was a woman . She was finding herself and she died right when she was reaching the top . Aaliyah had this really soft voice . It was soft but strong . And she was beautiful . You just wanted to be her , she was so likeable . The guys probably wanted to be with her her and the girls wanted to be like her .
I think 'Rock The Boat ' was very revolutionary for when it came out because that song was such a mood song , it was so real . It was like she was riding a rhythm and a beat . It was like an old school Motown song , you could break it down . I do n't think people make music like that anymore , it 's so inspiring . ''
8 . Nelly Furtado
Though she made her mark with pop anthems like `` I 'm Like a Bird '' and `` Turn Off the Light , '' Furtado reached her highest highs commercially with her R & B-infused songs like `` Promiscuous , '' which featured one of Aaliyah 's mentors and collaborators , producer Timbaland . Furtado 's song hit No . 1 on the Billboard charts and became her biggest hit .
9 . Katy B
Like Aaliyah , British artist Katy B straddles many genres : electro , house and R & B , to name a few . Though she has n't spoken too much about Aaliyah 's influence on her , it 's clear from her song `` Aaliyah '' that the songstress 's beauty and talent is still apparent to a new crop of musicians . The song , also an homage to Dolly Parton 's `` Jolene , '' sees Aaliyah cast in the role of the beautiful Jolene to whom the singer pleads not to seduce her lover away .
Watch Aaliyah 's final video for `` Rock the Boat '' below .
After opening in April , a Starbucks location in Hirosaki , Aomori Prefecture , has received quite a bit of attention online for its surprisingly beautiful architecture and design . Yes , we 're serious , the hot topic in Japan right now is this Starbucks location !
But , wait , before you scoff , you seriously need to see the place . One of our Japanese reporters headed to Aomori recently and his photos of the coffee shop will definitely make you say , “ Wow , that is a beautiful Starbucks location ! ” for the first time in your life !
First , we should point out that this is n't any normal Starbucks joint — it 's actually been built inside Kyu Daihachi Shidancho Kansha , what was once an official residence for a division commander . The building was originally built in 1917 , though it was dismantled and reassembled in its current location in 1959 .
Located next to Hirosaki Park , the Starbucks location and , indeed , the entire area , is overflowing with historicity and there are plenty of “ Western-style ” buildings that harken back the early days of Japan 's modernization . Put simply , it 's a great place to spend an afternoon , so if you 're sightseeing in Aomori , you might as well stop by !
In addition to the fashionable Starbucks location , it seems that the nearby park is offering a chance to “ experience harvesting , ” so this could be a good place to take the whole family ! Especially if you want your family to hate you .
Obviously , you 're probably not going to want to go all the way to Aomori just to drink some coffee in a fancy Starbucks location . But if you do find yourself in the area and you need some caffeine to wash down all the apples you 've eaten , this is the place to go .
▼ They even have a wooden sign !
In case you 're not familiar with Hirosaki City , it used to be a “ castle town ” and has played a major role in the region since Hirosaki Castle was built in the 1600s . Their tourist information website also boasts of “ clear seasonal differences ” in Aomori , which is probably a fancy way of saying they get a lot of snow in the winter .
The city is also famous for its many historical buildings , which obviously include those in both Japanese and Western styles . If the Starbucks looks this good , just imagine how the rest of the city looks !
▼ “ Be genuine ” is good advice until you tell someone how their new haircut actually looks .
Aomori in general is known for its beautiful scenery , and Hirosaki is no different . With plenty of greenery and fresh air , we 're starting to think about stepping out to get some coffee…it 's just five hours from downtown Tokyo by train !
If you 're interested in learning more about the northern town , be sure to check out their tourist information website .
Location Information
Hirosaki Koen-mae
Address : 1-1 Kamishiroganecho , Hirosaki , Aomori , 036-8207
Phone number : 0172-39-4051
Business hours : 07:00 ~ 21:00
Website
References : Starbucks , Weblio
Photos © RocketNews24
[ Read in Japanese ]
A cuckold is the husband of an adulterous wife . In evolutionary biology , the term is also applied to males who are unwittingly investing parental effort in offspring that are not genetically their own . [ 1 ]
This article is about the term . For the 1997 novel by Kiran Nagarkar , see Cuckold ( novel ) . For the 2015 South African film , see Cuckold ( film )
c. 1815 French satire on cuckoldry , which shows both men and women wearing horns
The word cuckold derives from the cuckoo bird , alluding to its habit of laying its eggs in other birds ' nests . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] The association is common in medieval folklore , literature , and iconography .
English usage first appears about 1250 in the medieval debate poem The Owl and the Nightingale . It was characterized as an overtly blunt term in John Lydgate 's `` Fall of Princes '' , c . 1440 . [ 4 ] Shakespeare 's poetry often referred to cuckolds , with several of his characters suspecting they had become one . [ 3 ]
One often-overlooked subtlety of the word is that it implies that the husband is deceived , that he is unaware of his wife 's unfaithfulness and may not know until the arrival or growth of a child plainly not his ( as with cuckoo birds ) . [ 3 ]
The female equivalent cuckquean first appears in English literature in 1562 , [ 5 ] [ 6 ] adding a female suffix to the cuck .
A related word , first appearing in 1520 , is wittol , which substitutes wit ( in the sense of knowing ) for the first part of the word , referring to a man aware of and reconciled to his wife 's infidelity . [ 7 ]
Sen. John Ensign 's resignation aims to halt a nearly two-year Senate ethics investigation and spare the two-term Nevada senator and his family a public trial .
Political handicappers say it could also give Republicans an edge to hold on to a seat expected to be highly competitive in 2012 . Senator Ensign 's replacement will be named by a Republican governor and stands to pick up the typical incumbency advantage .
But in fact , neither of those outcomes is clear . In a joint statement , leaders of the Senate ethics panel said that “ the Senate Ethics Committee has worked diligently for 22 months on this matter and will complete its work in a timely fashion . ”
Shaking up 2012 : US senators who are n't running for reelection
“ Senator Ensign has made the appropriate decision , ” said the panel 's chair Barbara Boxer ( D ) of California and vice-chair Johnny Isakson ( R ) of Georgia , in a statement . That could include the public release of findings and documents that Ensign had hoped to avoid .
The details of Ensign 's admitted affair with a former aide – and the cash and political favors around it – made Ensign 's Senate seat a top prospect for Democrats in 2012 .
Until last month , Ensign had committed to defend his seat , claiming that he had broken no law .
But his decision to not seek reelection , announced March 7 , opened up a highly competitive GOP field . Nevada Gov . Brian Sandoval ( R ) of Nevada is expected to appoint three-term Rep. Dean Heller ( R ) of Nevada , who is already in the Senate race , to replace Ensign .
Rep. Heller a strong conservative
Congressman Heller , a former stockbroker , state assemblyman , and Nevada Secretary of State , would add a strong conservative voice to the Senate Republican caucus .
In recent House votes , Heller broke with GOP leaders to oppose a spending bill for FY 2011 on the grounds that it did not cut deeply enough . He also backed a failed conservative bid to cut non-defense discretionary spending to FY 2006 levels .
“ The truth no one is likely to admit is that Sen. Ensign is being pushed out to give the Republican party a leg up in the 2012 election by allowing Governor Brian Sandoval to appoint Rep. Dean Heller ( R ) of Nevada to the seat so he can run with all the advantages of incumbency , ” said Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , in a statement Friday .
Typically , incumbency is worth at least a 5-point advantage on election day , but appointees historically have n't reaped the same advantage . Since 1913 , of the 189 people who have been appointed to vacant Senate seats , only a third were later elected to those seats . Of those who opted to run for election ( 70 did not ) , 62 won their races and 57 were defeated , according to the Senate Historical Office .
Here 's what 's not in dispute : Should Congressman Heller be appointed to Ensign 's Senate seat , his House seat becomes a key bellwether for the 2012 campaign cycle .
But Nevada has never had a special election for a US House seat , and state law is unclear on how to proceed .
Special House election could be a free-for-all
One possible interpretation is that the election is a free-for-all , with any candidate able to file to run – and possibly win with as little as 20 percent of the vote . Under such a scenario , former GOP Senate nominee Sharron Angle , a tea party favorite , could be a credible candidate .
But if the nomination comes down to a decision by state party leaders , Angle , viewed as running a poor race against Senate majority leader Harry Reid in 2010 , is highly unlikely to be the GOP nominee . If she ran as a third-party candidate , it could split the Republican vote , giving the seat to a Democrat .
“ Nevada is the center of the political world for now , ” says David Wasserman , who covers House races for the Cook Political Report . “ You have an open Senate race that 's likely to be very competitive , you could have as many as four competitive House races , depending on redistricting , and you have a presidential battleground . What more can you ask for . ”
In a statement Friday , Gov . Sandoval said , “ I expect to announce an appointment before [ Ensign 's ] resignation effective date of May 3 . I take very seriously the importance of this appointment , so to speculate on potential candidates for appointment before then would be premature . ”
Shaking up 2012 : US senators who are n't running for reelection
In the finale of the most recent contest , a Ukrainian singer took first prize . The result , which was decided by televoting , seemed as politicized as the winning song : a tragic ballad about the fate of the Crimean Tatars deported under Stalin . Given Russia 's recent annexation of Crimea , it is not a stretch to assume that European audiences were sending Russia a message , rather than choosing a winner purely on artistic merit .
When the Russian singer , who had been favored to win , came in third , Russian politicians cried foul . One member of Parliament , Yelena Drapeko , blamed “ an information war ” against Russia for the result . Some angry citizens proposed that Russia boycott the next competition , which is to be held in Ukraine .
On this occasion , perhaps , the Russian fury over what was seen as yet another unfair result of yet another unfair competition may have had some basis . But the average Russian learns every day that his country is treated unfairly and has been robbed of its triumphs , whether on battlefields or in sporting arenas . Envious rivals from the West and their agents , who surround and penetrate Russia , are said to be constantly working to deny the country the recognition it deserves .
“ Russia 's enemies want a weak , sick state , ” said President Vladimir V. Putin at a rally in 2007 . “ They need a disorganized and disoriented society. ” He has blamed the West for seeking to undermine Russia ever since the collapse of the Soviet Union . This paranoid theme has become a recurrent strand in Mr. Putin 's presidential rhetoric . Even victory in World War I “ was stolen from the country by those who sowed dissension within Russia , ” he said in 2014 , at a commemorative event . ( He was referring to the Bolsheviks , but his argument was the same — “ national betrayal ” by Russia 's enemies . )
The problem is that when winning is everything , the ends justify the means . So now , when Russia wins , the rest of the world is suspicious . A doping scandal that originally involved Russian track and field athletes now threatens to tarnish Russia 's much-vaunted victories in the 2014 Winter Olympics , held in the southern city of Sochi . More than a dozen Russian Olympians from the Beijing Games of 2008 also now risk losing their medals thanks to a retrospective doping probe .
The Canadian military will review its badges , uniforms , flags and associated ceremonial activities to ensure they are welcoming to women , visible minorities , the disabled , indigenous people and members of the gay and transgender communities .
The move is part of the Canadian Armed Forces Diversity Strategy approved last May by Chief of the Defence Staff Gen. Jon Vance .
It is now up to the Canadian Forces to figure out how to move ahead with Vance 's strategy , and in January of this year the military produced a diversity strategy action plan , which was forwarded to the Ottawa Citizen by sources inside National Defence headquarters .
The action plan focuses on Designated Group Members , which the Canadian Forces define as women , Indigenous people , persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities . Also included in the strategy is the LGBTQ ( Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender , Transsexual , Queer , Questioning and 2-Spirited ) community . The plan includes a detailed list of initiatives the Forces can take to accommodate those members , among them :
• “ Review current dress , badges , flags , music , lineages , affiliations , drill and ceremonial , etc . and ensure these customs complement and expand towards a more diverse and inclusive national military institution ( Allow dress appropriate to one 's gender identity . ) ”
• “ Consider family circumstances when posting CAF members , including if possible , geographic proximity to family for cultural reasons , when requested . ”
• “ Dedicate a room at the workplace where CAF members feel encouraged and not at risk to practice their religion . ”
• “ Develop policy and guidelines to address the spiritual needs of Indigenous CAF Members . ”
Other initiatives to be considered involve examining military equipment and infrastructure to “ accommodate the needs of Designated Group Members and other members with specific needs , ” and ways to improve healthcare and family support for the various individuals , which would include “ traditional healing , spiritual needs , specific accommodations – dietary needs . ”
Messages about employment equity and diversity will also be included in all Canadian Forces advertising and displays , according to the action plan , and military leaders will have to undergo diversity training to be considered for promotion .
Department of National Defence spokeswoman Suzanne Parker said Vance approved the action plan earlier this year . The approach is intended to be as comprehensive as possible , she said , accounting for the many differences that exist among Canadian military personnel beyond the four designated groups .
“ Many of the initiatives , programs and other activities identified in this Action Plan are already in place , are ongoing or will soon be implemented , ” Parker said in an email . “ The Diversity Strategy 's Action Plan is expected to be fully implemented by the end of 2018 . ”
The military hopes the diversity strategy will help with recruitment .
It 's unclear at this point how equipment , uniforms , flags and ceremonial activities might be changed to be more accommodating .
In February , Vance was questioned at a defence conference in Ottawa about body armour and other gear not being properly fitted for women . The general agreed , and said that if the Canadian Forces wants to “ become more diverse and inclusive , we 're going to have to change . ”
The Canadian military has tried previously to change or alter some of its equipment for women . In 1997 it earmarked more than $ 2 million for creating what it believed would be the world 's first combat bra . The project was eventually abandoned .
Over the last several years , the Canadian Forces have been under fire for incidents of sexual assault and misconduct , most of it directed towards women . In an April 30 , 2015 report , former Supreme Court justice Marie Deschamps found that not only was sexual misconduct “ endemic ” in the Canadian Forces but that it was condoned by the military leadership .
During her year-long investigation , Deschamps interviewed hundreds of full- and part-time military personnel , as well as commanding officers , military police , chaplains , nurses and social workers . The interviews pointed to what she described as a “ hostile sexualized environment ” in the military , particularly among recruits and the junior ranks . “ At the most extreme , these reports of sexual violence highlighted the use of sex to enforce power relationships , ” said Deschamps ' report , “ and to punish and ostracize a member of a unit . ”
Vance has condemned such behaviour and has vowed to take a tough approach against involved in sexual misconduct . Although he has acknowledged that sexual misconduct is a problem in the Canadian Forces , he also recently blamed the news media for reporting on such incidents , saying the media has created a “ toxic ” narrative about the military .
• Email : dpugliese @ postmedia.com | Twitter : davidpugliese
After having consistently outmaneuvered , out-negotiated and out-waited President Obama during the course of the last two years of negotiations over their nuclear program , Iran 's leaders think they are holding all the cards as the clock ticks down toward a June 30 deadline to complete a pact with the West . They may be right about that but not content with merely taking advantage of Obama 's zeal for a deal as they have throughout the process , the Iranians are also reminding the U.S. that they have other forms of leverage : American hostages . The plight of imprisoned Washington Post report Jason Rezaian has gotten increased coverage in recent weeks as Tehran prepared to bring him to trial on bogus espionage charges before a revolutionary court judge known for harsh sentences . The message to Obama was clear . Do n't try to hold our feet to the fire on key nuclear issues such as inspections or the snapping back of sanctions or we will make Americans in our hands pay the price of your principles . His message in reply should be equally clear : Release the hostages now or forget about the economic windfall that will be yours if the nuclear deal is passed by Congress . That such a response from Washington is unthinkable tells us all we need to know about how the current weak deal was negotiated .
That Rezaian , Pastor Saeed Abedini and businessman Amir Hekmati are all hostages is not in doubt . The trumped up charges on which they are all held are transparent efforts to gain leverage over the United States . As with other cases of Americans held by Iran , we know the only way they will ever gain their freedom is if the United States buys it .
In the past , this has generally been in the form of American concessions to the Iranians on whatever issues or disputes that existed between the two governments . That 's the same pattern that applied during the nuclear talks when Obama steadily retreated form positions demanding the end of Iran 's nuclear program and wound up endorsing a deal that left them in possession of thousands of centrifuges , continuing their research in a pact that will eventually expire and let Tehran do as it likes .
The problem was n't just Iran 's tough minded negotiating style but an administration that acted as if a deal that would end the Islamist regime 's economic isolation was wanted more desperately by the United States than the ayatollahs . That 's why Iran 's Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has been laying down markers about the agreement as part of the prelude to the final weeks of talks . By demonstrating his unwillingness to contemplate the sort of inspections and sanctions rules that the president has said are required for the completion of the agreement , Khamenei has dared Obama to walk away from what would obviously be a bad deal . But since he knows that Obama regards a nuclear-based entente with Iran as essential to his vision of American policy in the Middle East , the chances that the president will make good on his threats are small .
The hostages are merely extra insurance for Iran . Just as Iran might allow Obama to get them to back down a smidge on their refusals on inspections to agree to a procedure that would still allow them to cheat , so , too , do they understand that throwing in these victims of circumstances might sweeten up even a bad deal enough to ensure that it gets through Congress one way or the other .
The problem here is not that Obama does n't want to win their freedom . It 's that he is going about in the wrong way . Instead of continuing to negotiate the text of the deal with their fate hanging in the balance , the president ought to be issuing some stern warnings of his own . The freedom of Rezaian , Abedini and Hekmati should be the price of continued American participation in the talks , not a present to be given or withheld from the U.S. if its representatives behave themselves in the negotiations . Without their freedom , the deal should not go forward .
Just as important , it should be made clear to the president by Congressional Democrats that he should not even bother submitting a deal for their approval if the hostages are not already safely released . The nuclear pact ought to be rejected on its own merits . But if Americans are still being held in Iran when it is considered , it ought to be dead on arrival on Capitol Hill . Even more to the point , unless they are freed before the deal is sealed , Congress will know that the agreement will be one that ought never to have been signed .
One of the greatest fantasy sagas of our time began was conceived in 1984 when a man named James Oliver Rigney asked himself , `` What would it be like to be tapped on the shoulder and told you were going to save the world , but also destroy it ? '' Thus began his journey of writing what would become , The Wheel of Time .
The entire series consists of fourteen books , all of which continue the same story , weaving towards an ultimate climax . Books 12 through 14 were completed by fantasy author Brandon Sanderson , who was chosen by Robert Jordan 's widow after he passed away . Robert Jordan left behind an abundance of notes and audio recordings , which allowed his family and Mr. Sanderson to tie up the series in a way that very closely matches his original vision .
The first book , The Eye of the World was published in 1990 by Tor Books and has been in continuous print ever since . It is published in the United Kingdom by Orbit Books . Each book the series has appeared on the New York Times best-seller list , and each one since the eighth ( The Path of Daggers ) debuted as # 1 .
What 's it about ?
Robert Jordan 's Wheel of Time is a story that takes place both in our past and our future . In his fantasy world , the Dark One , the embodiment of pure evil , is breaking free from his prison . The overall plot is about a man who learns that he is the reincarnation of the world 's messiah and is once again destined to save the world from the Dark One -- but possibly destroy it in the process . This saga is not only his story , but the story of an entire world 's struggle to deal with war and change , destruction and hope .
May the Dragon ride again on the winds of time .
Learn more
StarWarsIntro.css
A CSS Library for the Star Wars Intro Crawl
Download CSS Product Hunt
What is this ?
Star Wars Intro is a small CSS Library to build your own Star Wars-esk intro . Use it for a movie marathon you 're hosting , a browser game intro , a fan site , or pretty much anything else . If you 're not interested in Star Wars and/or think it 's lame , we 've included something you might find interesting .
Requirements
To install the Star Wars Into you 'll need : HTML
CSS That 's right , the Star Wars Intro does n't require and javascript or other dependancies .
Installation
The installation process is simple . Download the css file and add the html sample . You can put anything you want inside of the 'content-body ' . The CSS will do the rest .
< ! -- Place in document head -- > < link rel= '' stylesheet '' href= '' /path/to/starwarsintro.css '' > < ! -- Place in Body where you 'd like intro to appear -- > < div class= '' star-wars-intro '' > < ! -- Blue Intro Text -- > < p class= '' intro-text '' > A few days ago , during ... < /p > < ! -- Logo Image or Text goes in here -- > < h2 class= '' main-logo '' > < img src= '' img/star-wars-intro.png '' > < /h2 > < ! -- All Scrolling Content Goes in here -- > < div class= '' main-content '' > < div class= '' title-content '' > < p class= '' content-header '' > EPISODES IV-VI < br/ > A Movie Marathon < /p > < br > < p class= '' content-body '' > After years of galactic silence , civilization is on the brink of a new Star Wars release . Now , with the Force preparing to awaken , the people of Earth seek solace in films of old . With nowhere to turn , they gather in great numbers and watch the original trilogy without rest . Three films . 6 hours . 24 minutes . Popcorn . Slushies . Total elation . < /p > < ! -- button or link or whatever -- > < a href= '' ./StarScroll.zip '' class= '' space-button '' > Download The Code Now ! < /a > < /div > < /div > < /div >
May the Force be with you
Knox White ( Photo : Nill Silver )
The pride we all feel in Downtown Greenville is the result of decades of good planning and great partnerships . That 's why the decision of City Council to proceed with planning for a new park along the Reedy River is so important . It marks the next chapter in our creation of a city that values people , green space and balanced growth .
In 2001 , three years before the opening of Falls Park , the city and county , in partnership with Clemson University , adopted a visionary master plan for the Reedy River , especially along its neglected and underdeveloped stretches in West Greenville . The report made two key recommendations : build an extensive walking and cycling trail along the river and create a new park in the flood plain on the west side of Academy Street .
In less than 10 years , the Swamp Rabbit Trail has been realized . The proposed park site , through which the trail runs , is still a collection of mostly abandoned warehouses , a flood-prone city public works facility and overgrown lots . But the trail itself has introduced thousands of people to the natural beauty of the river corridor , just waiting to be cleared of its industrial remnants and reclaimed for green space and recreation .
Taking the concepts and dreams of the past decade and turning them into a final plan for a great new city park is our critical next step . The new park would encompass the largest amount of public land assembled in the city since the creation of Cleveland Park . That park , set also in a flood plain , was first proposed in 1907 as part of a master plan for improving Greenville . It envisioned a `` park of extraordinary beauty '' that would be for `` the benefit of the people , and should pay the greatest possible returns in health , happiness and recreational values . ''
Today it is hard to imagine our city without this green belt running through neighborhoods , alive with recreation and family activities . The same can happen on our west side for its neighborhoods . It , too , can be a place that is the pride of the community , known as `` Southernside . '' But this vision is threatened by rapid unplanned development that is already under way in anticipation of a park . That is why City Council member Lillian Brock Flemming and Southernside leaders know that it is urgent to develop a thoughtful master plan that guides the right kind of office and residential uses on its edges and , above all , maximizes open green space .
A future park will also serve as a regional attraction much like the Swamp Rabbit Trail . There is room in its 80-plus acres for walking trails , recreational fields , community gardens , public art , playgrounds , a wetland for exploration , river vistas and even an outdoor amphitheater . The inclusion of many of these amenities will depend on corporate and private donations . The Greenville Community Foundation and other private groups have offered to help . That 's the tradition of partnership that makes Greenville the city we love — and that 's what will make this park even better than we can imagine .
Finally , a park along the river addresses another need : We must soften the edges of our city 's rapid growth . More people and yes , more traffic , present real challenges to our quality of life . One way to respond to this challenge is to emulate our forefathers who proposed Cleveland Park in another era of growth .
The 1907 Master Plan recognized that `` the Reedy River ... constitutes the most distinctive feature in the topography and landscape of Greenville . It is without a doubt the most important single feature to be considered in the development and beautifying of the city . ''
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136 . Delivery : Daily Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
In 1967 Harriett Wyche , president of the Carolina Foothills Garden Club , envisioned Falls Park as an `` oasis in the heart of the city . '' Now is the time to move `` up the river '' and expand our `` oasis '' for the benefit of future generations .
Knox White is the mayor of the city of Greenville . He is a native of Greenville and has served as mayor since December 1995 .
Read or Share this story : http : //grnol.co/1HY90xJ
Mumbai : Automation and the new US administration were the big unknowns at the Indian tech sector 's annual shindig this week , with machines threatening to take away thousands of jobs and concerns over possible visa rule changes in the key American market .
But senior executives from the $ 150 billion industry , which rose to prominence at the turn of the century by helping Western firms solve the `` Y2K '' bug , said companies with skilled English-speaking staff and low costs could not be written off yet .
The sector , led by Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys Ltd and Wipro Ltd , is lobbying hard as the new US administration under President Donald Trump considers putting in place visa restrictions .
The administration may also raise salaries paid to H1-B visa holders , a move that could significantly increase costs for IT companies that are already facing pressure on margins .
The longer-term challenge and opportunity for the sector was automation , executives said , as global corporations from plane-makers to consumer firms bet on the use of machines to further cut costs and boost efficiency .
That threatens lower-end software services and outsourcing jobs in a sector which employs more than 3.5 million people .
Also Read : ‘ Whimsical Donald Trump ' presents exciting opportunity : Anand Mahindra
Summing up the mood at the three-day NASSCOM leadership event in Mumbai ending on Friday , Malcolm Frank , chief strategy officer at Cognizant which has most of its operations in India , spoke of `` fear and optimism . ''
Even top IT executives were `` fearing the machines '' , he said .
Some Indian executives , including Infosys ' chief operating officer Pravin Rao , said that greater automation was expected to help engineers and developers shed repetitive jobs for more creative roles .
`` Some part of the work we 'll be automating 100 % , you do n't require people to do that kind of work , '' Rao told Reuters . `` But there are always newer things , where we will be able to re-purpose employees who are released from those areas . ''
Moving up food chain
With rapidly changing technology , Indian IT firms are emphasising the need for retraining their workforce , in many cases setting up experience centres and learning zones on their sprawling campuses .
Some companies are partnering with universities to design and fund education programmes , while staff members spoke of employers laying on training and webinars to help develop skills in automation and cloud computing .
Also Read : H1-B visa worries ‘ hyped up ' , says TCS boss N. Chandrasekaran
`` The threat from automation killing jobs is more than Trump 's anticipated visa rule changes , '' a general manager-level employee at a top Indian IT firm said .
NASSCOM chairman and Tech Mahindra CEO C.P . Gurnani said technology would create new roles where `` man will manage machines , '' even if a fourth of Indian IT jobs were to be replaced by machines over the next four years .
Hiring patterns may also change , with unconventional , high-value graduates likely to be more attractive , to the possible detriment of hiring from India 's engineering colleges .
Infosys , which traditionally recruited only engineering graduates , is considering hiring people educated in liberal arts to add creative skills to its workforce , COO Rao said .
In a first , NASSCOM ( National Association of Software and Services Companies ) , the leading Indian IT lobby group , delayed its initial growth forecast for fiscal 2017/18 , citing market uncertainty .
NASSCOM officials said it had deferred its predictions by three months to give it time to gauge policy announcements in the United States which could make immigration rules tougher .
The industry body aims to announce a firmer growth forecast after the quarter to March when IT companies report annual earnings and give guidance for the next fiscal year .
`` A certain level of ... uncertainty will continue over the medium-term , '' said NASSCOM president R. Chandrashekhar . `` And businesses therefore have to take essential decisions on new technology in the face of a certain degree of uncertainty . '' Reuters
Amy Winehouse January 15 , 2011 Photography_2010
Singer Rihanna was photographed on Sunday smoking what appeared to be marijuana in the form of a blunt while vacationing in Hawaii , reported the Huffington Post As if the 23 year old star anticipated this question , she took to twitter to leave a clue : `` Kush rolled , glass full ... I prefer the better things ! '' she tweeted , quoting lyrics from Drake 's `` Up All Night . '' According to MTV.com her ardent fans had no doubt as to what she was smoking . They took to Twitter responding with their support in tweets like : `` I wan na smoke a blunt wit @ rihanna '' , “ lol she is so high ! love that girl ” and `` Island gal for real ! ! ! ! `` Outside twitter , many praised her for choosing a `` healthier '' alternativ­e . “ Alcohol . There 's a drug that 's actually killing people when abused , '' one commenter said . `` How horrible it would be for her to be smoking tobacco . That stuff kills millions . `` “ Hey , maybe she 's got glaucoma or something , ” one commenter said . Or maybe Rihanna is a Ron Paul supporter , said another This is n't the first time the `` We Found Love '' singer has been in the news for smoking pot.In June 2010 , Rihanna was allegedly banned from a luxurious Barbados hotel after she was caught smoking Marijuana in her hotel room.Mediatakeout.com posted a short article from an unnamed Barbados newspaper , `` . . . It appears that the classy woman and her guests smoke , drank and partied nonstop in the room . Security had to be constantly knocking on the door because the smoke alarm would not stop going off . . . `` This latest photo only gives fuel to The National Enquirer that reported that her loved ones want her to go to rehab . “ Her friends and family have been warning her that if she does n't seek help , she 'll wind up dead like Amy Winehouse , ” the gossip newpaper reports The “ Rehab ” singer was just 27 when she died of accidental alcohol poisoning in July 2011. “ I 'm no Amy , ” a 19 year old Rihanna tells the Mirror in an interview “ Amy clearly has a problem and it 's very difficult to get over , ” she says . “ And I should know . `` She 's right . Rihanna , who was the eldest of three children , grew up in Barbados watching her mother get physically abused by her father ; a father who was also addicted to crack cocaine. “ I 've seen up close what effect those things can have -- I would never want to put myself in that situation -- It would be very careless and just not smart at all , ” she told The Guardian in 2009 But doing drugs has nothing to do with smarts , experts say . New research has found that drug addiction is a type of self-treatment of concealed pain that occurred in childhood often unaware to the addict.The 19 year old Rihanna empathized with Ms.Winehouse : “ I pray that she gets better soon as she 's a real star and beneath the surface I bet she 's hurting , '' the Mirror reported.Said Rihanna : “ She 's under a lot of pressure – but she 'll beat it I 'm sure . ”
Three Customs and Border Protection officers were arrested Wednesday morning and charged with assaulting two fellow officers at Newark Liberty International Airport , acting U.S. Attorney William E. Fitzpatrick announced in a press release .
Tito Catota , 38 , of Lyndhurst ; Parmenio I. Perez , 40 , of Hawthorne ; and Michael A. Papagni , 32 , of Staten Island , are charged with forcibly assaulting , impeding , intimidating and interfering with two fellow CBP officers while they were on duty .
According to the complaint , within the first two weeks that the first victim worked as part of the Passenger Enforcement Rover Team - a CBP specialized unit - Papagni allegedly told the victim that the PERT office table was known as the “ rape table ” and threatened the victim that he would get him on it .
CLICK HERE to read the full complaint ( WARNING : Contains graphic content )
The complaint stated that in January while the victim was retrieving a document related to a prior drug seizure , the lights were shut off in the PERT office . Papagni , Catota and another officer identified in the complaint as “ CBPO 3 ” then allegedly grabbed the victim 's arms and legs and threw him on top of the PERT office table . While Papagni , Catota and CBPO 3 held him down , Perez got on top of the victim 's mid-section and moved in a motion that simulated a sex act , according to the complaint .
The victim unsuccessfully attempted to push Perez off his body , but was released when Perez eventually got off of the victim , the complaint said .
The second victim reported a similar scenario taking place in November 2016 . According to the complaint , the second victim went to the PERT office to speak with fellow officers and found himself locked inside the office .
Catota , Papagni and Perez then grabbed the victim and threw him on his side on the PERT office table . The complaint stated that while two of the defendants held the victim down on the table , the other defendant got on top of the victim and moved in a motion that simulated a sex act . The victim struggled to get free until Catota , Papagni and Perez eventually released him , the complaint said .
The three men each appeared before a judge Wednesday afternoon and were released on bail .
They could face up to eight years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .
Story highlights `` It was very close to being a catastrophe , '' sheriff says
A deputy underwent surgery after being shot in the leg
Dennis Marx was armed with gas grenades , assault rifle , and spike strips , police say
Sheriff : Carrying flexible handcuffs , he appeared intent on taking over courthouse
Dennis Marx wore body armor and a gas mask . He brandished an assault rifle , an assortment of grenades , `` all kinds of ammunition '' and even used his silver Nissan SUV as a weapon of sorts , according to authorities . The 48-year-old man toted his own water supply and flexible handcuffs , presumably to corral hostages once he got inside the north Georgia courthouse .
As Forsyth County Sheriff Duane Piper said , `` He came prepared to do this . ''
But Dennis Marx never even made it inside .
A nearly three-minute long gunfight Friday ended with Marx dead , after being confronted by a swarm of law enforcement officers .
They seemingly came from everywhere -- from the jail across the street , as part of a SWAT team that happened to be nearby and even inside the courthouse where they busted out windows in order to get more angles to target the attacked .
Dennis Marx was shot and killed by police
JUST WATCHED Amateur video shows courthouse assault Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Amateur video shows courthouse assault 01:20
JUST WATCHED Sheriff : 'An assault on our courthouse ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sheriff : 'An assault on our courthouse ' 01:16
Piper singled out one officer in particular -- a veteran sheriff 's deputy who first confronted Marx , who then tried to run the deputy over -- for his vital part in deterring the attacker . Shot twice in the leg , the deputy was the only person wounded despite what the sheriff called `` a full frontal assault . ''
`` It was very close to being a major catastrophe , '' Piper said . `` The deputy that was shot ... averted what , I think , would have been a lot more deaths . ''
Swift , significant response to attack
Marx was supposed to be at the Forsyth County Courthouse in Cumming . Court documents show he faced 11 felony charges -- 10 of them related to the manufacture , possession and sale of illicit drugs , including marijuana , plus one count of having a firearm while in the commission of a felony -- dating back to August 2011 .
According to the sheriff 's office , he was expected to enter a plea Friday before Chief Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Bagley .
Needless to say , he never made it .
Instead , around 10 a.m. Friday , Marx drove up to the courthouse , threw out `` homemade spike strips '' to delay any police response , and tried to run over the deputy , Piper said .
The deputy -- a 30-year veteran whose duties include canvassing the scene outside the courthouse -- opened fire , and Marx returned fire through his windshield .
He did n't stop with bullets . According to the sheriff , Marx tossed tear gas grenades , smoke grenades and pepper spray grenades -- something he could do more easily with his gas mask strapped on .
Despite this barrage of weapons , the sheriff 's deputy was able to distract Marx , to slow him . Even a little delay made a big difference , as officers armed with assault rifles came over from the jail across the street .
JUST WATCHED Suspect in custody in courthouse shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Suspect in custody in courthouse shooting 01:37
JUST WATCHED Cops : Shooter made 'full frontal assault ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cops : Shooter made 'full frontal assault ' 03:54
A SWAT team pulled up about 30 seconds into the firefight and engaged the attacker , according to Piper . The sheriff initially estimated the whole thing took 90 seconds but , after watching more video , he doubled that time .
However long it lasted , it ended with Marx dead of multiple gunshot wounds .
With eight officers opening fire at one point , authorities do n't yet know which one of them fired the fatal shot .
'He was there to occupy the courthouse '
Afterward , the wounded deputy -- identified by local media as James Daniel Rush -- was transported to a local hospital .
There , the officer had surgery for fractures to his fibula and tibia in the lower right leg , injuries Piper said were n't life-threatening .
But his colleagues still had to work to do . They went to Marx 's home in Cumming , a small city about 35 northeast of downtown Atlanta , with every expectation that it was booby trapped .
As Piper said : `` Last time we were at the home , we were suspicious because it had been booby trapped before . ''
Once they finally made their way in and cleared the house , they found homemade explosives , according to a law enforcement source . It was n't clear whether those were attempted booby traps .
A preliminary investigation found that Marx had n't been in his Cumming home for about 10 days . Besides that , little is known about him beyond that he began working at the Transportation Security Administration in October 2002 , according to a U.S. official , and left either the next year or in 2004 .
The sheriff said Friday that he and others were n't ready yet to discuss Marx 's motive or his thinking .
That said , Piper said it was evident that Marx `` came prepared to stay a while . ''
`` We do n't know who he was coming to the courthouse for , but with the flex ties and the restraining devices he had with him , '' said the sheriff . `` We have to assume that he was there to occupy the courthouse . ''
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Ms Trump did not respond to the verbal attack , witnesses said
An airline has thrown a passenger off a flight after he accosted Ivanka Trump , the eldest daughter of President-elect Donald Trump , on a plane from New York .
`` Your father is ruining the country , '' the man shouted as the aircraft prepared for departure from JFK airport in New York , a passenger told TMZ.com .
Witnesses said Ms Trump ignored the man and distracted her children with toys .
JetBlue airlines said in a statement that `` the decision to remove a customer from a flight is not taken lightly '' .
`` If the crew determines that a customer is causing conflict on the aircraft , the customer will be asked to deplane , especially if the crew feels the situation runs the risk of escalation during flight , '' it said .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ivanka Trump wed Jared Kushner in 2009
Shortly before the San Francisco-bound flight 's departure , a New York university professor tweeted that mother-of-three Ms Trump and her husband Jared Kushner were aboard the plane `` flying commercial '' .
`` My husband chasing them down to harass them # banalityofevil , '' Matthew Lasner tweeted .
According to TMZ.com , Mr Lasner 's partner , Dan Goldstein , shouted : `` Why is she on our flight ? She should be flying private . ''
But Mr Lasner , a professor at New York 's Hunter College , tweeted that `` my husband expressed displeasure in a calm tone , JetBlue staff overheard , and they kicked us off the plane '' .
JetBlue 's statement added that its `` team worked to re-accommodate the party on the next available flight '' .
A US Secret Service spokeswoman said its agents were with Ms Trump and her children on the flight .
Mr Trump 's newly appointed White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , told Fox News : `` To do that to a woman who was on there with her children , I do n't care what your political background is or what your thoughts are , that 's not the way we as Americans need to act . ''
The president-elect 's daughter was heading via the West Coast to Hawaii for a family holiday , US media report .
m-floが3月26日（水）にリリースするEDMに特化したMIX CD『EDM-FLO』の収録曲とジャケット写真を公開した。同作の1曲目に収録される、m-floの新曲 “ Devotion ” は、同時発売されるニューアルバム『FUTURE IS WOW』にも参加している海外シンガー・Bella Blueを迎えた楽曲で、『FUTURE IS WOW』では新人シンガーMACOが歌う “ FIND A WAY ” のトラックに全く別のメロディと歌詞をつけた楽曲となっている。また、中田ヤスタカ ( CAPSULE ) が “ the Love Bug / m-flo loves BoA ” のリミックスを手掛けているほか、JAXX DA FISHWORKSによる “ come again ” 、Tomo Hirataによる “ prism ” のリミックス楽曲も収録される。そのほか、海外ヒット曲からは、マーティン・ガリックスの “ Animals ” 、アヴィーチーとニッキー・ロメロのコラボ曲 “ I Could Be The One ” 、ハードウェルの “ Dare You ” など全20曲が収録される。リリース情報は以下の通り。●リリース情報DJ MIX『EDM-FLO』2014.03.26 In StoresCD：RZCD-59593 ￥2,310（税込）01 . Devotion / m-flo + Bella Blue02 . Booyah / Showtek Feat . We Are Loud & Sonny Wilson03 . Jumper / Hardwell & W & W04 . Like Home / Nicky Romero & NERVO05 . Get Loose ( Tiesto Remix ) / Showtek & Noisecontollers06 . Symphonica / Nicky Romero07 . Ten / Sander van Doorn & Mark Knight V Underworld08 . This Is What It Feels Like ( W & W Remix ) / Armin van Buuren feat . Trevor Guthrie09 . Animals / Martin Garrix10 . It 's You ( Chris Lake Remix ) / Duck Sauce11 . Welcome To The Jungle / Alvaro & Mercer feat . Lil Jon12 . prism ( Tomo Hirata EDMF REMIX ) / m-flo13 . Say Nothing ( Hardwell & Dannic Remix ) / Example14 . Countdown / Hardwell & MAKJ15 . Never Say Goodbye / Hardwell & Dyro feat . Bright Lights16 . I Could Be The One / Avicii vs Nicky Romero17 . Dare You / Hardwell feat . Mathew Koma18 . Grand Finale / Arty feat . Fiora19 . come again ( JAXX DA FISHWORKS REMIX ) / m-flo20 . the Love Bug -Yasutaka Nakata ( CAPSULE ) Remix- / m-flo loves BoA [ 同時発売 ] m-flo 8thアルバム 『FUTURE IS WOW』2014.03.26 In StoresCD+Blu-ray：RZCD-59572/B ￥6,825（税込）※初回限定BOX仕様CD+DVD：RZCD-59573/B ￥3,990（税込）CD：RZCD-59574 ￥3,150（税込）
So my watchers may have noticed their in-boxes getting swamped with pages from something called `` The Blind Mermaid '' .It 's a short horror comic I 've been working on in my spare time over the summer . I decided to upload it all at once , since reading it one page at a time with delays of weeks or months between would kind of ruin the atmosphere . And atmosphere is a key part of any good horror story . This is pretty much the biggest artistic project I 've ever attempted . It 's a huge relief to have it done , and I 'm kind of amazed I finished it at all XDI have n't put a mature content warning on it , since most of the major violence occurs off-screen . While what 's shown is creepy and disturbing in it 's implications , I think of the mature content warnings as being meant for more explicit material . If you do n't agree , let me know and I 'll slap a warning on.So read and enjoy , and hopefully it was worth the in-box spamming.-pandaruneP.S . Dear sweet God but I hate drawing hands !
Three British soldiers have been killed and four injured by a renegade Afghan soldier in Afghanistan , the Ministry of Defence said .
The men , from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles , were on duty on Tuesday morning in Nahr-e Saraj , Helmand province , when the Afghan opened fire .
One is believed to be a Nepalese Gurkha and the other two were UK nationals .
Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the `` appalling '' killings , but said UK and Afghan troops should work together .
The Taliban has claimed the Afghan soldier had joined its insurgency .
An investigation is under way and next of kin have been informed .
Meanwhile , in a separate incident a Royal Marine from 40 Commandoes was killed in Helmand , the MoD said . Family have been told .
He was shot dead on Tuesday while on foot patrol in the Sangin district .
The number of British military personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since 2001 now stands at 318 .
Mr Cameron said the current strategy of working alongside local security forces should go on .
`` It is absolutely essential that we do n't let this terrible incident change our strategy . It is the right thing to do to build up the Afghan national army , '' he said .
He went on : `` We need to make sure that we build up that army because that , in the end , is the way that we are going to be able to bring our troops back home . ''
Similarly , Defence Secretary Liam Fox said : `` Training and developing the Afghan National Security Forces is vital to the international mission in Afghanistan and today 's events will not undermine the real progress we continue to make . British and Isaf forces are working shoulder to shoulder with Afghans and will continue to do so undeterred . ''
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has apologised to the UK after the incident and a defence ministry spokesman said a soldier from the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) was being sought .
Analysis This is not the first time this kind of incident has happened . Last November a member of the Afghan National Police opened fire on British soldiers he was serving alongside . He killed five and seriously injured half a dozen others . But the Ministry of Defence is anxious to highlight how rare these kinds of incidents are . Since 2006 , British forces have trained 130,000 Afghan troops . Some 5,000 of the 10,000 British servicemen currently deployed in Afghanistan are working alongside members of the Afghan Security forces day in and day out . The training and mentoring of Afghanistan 's army and police is essential to the goal of eventually leaving an Afghanistan capable of looking after its own security . That is why Liam Fox is stressing that , despite this tragedy , British forces will `` continue to work shoulder to shoulder with the Afghans '' and will not be deterred . Royal Marine dies in Afghanistan
Mr Cameron said he spoke to President Karzai on Tuesday morning and both men agreed that an urgent investigation was required .
President Karzai 's spokesman , Waheed Omar , said the Afghanistan government was also investigating the killings and the government would `` do everything to ensure the perpetrators are brought to justice '' .
The BBC understands that one of the soldiers killed was shot and the other two were killed by a rocket-propelled grenade .
There is a helpline number in the UK for concerned relatives - 08457 800900 .
The spokesman for Task Force Helmand , Lt Col James Carr-Smith , said : `` We believe these were the actions of a lone individual who has betrayed his Isaf and Afghan comrades .
`` His whereabouts are currently unknown but we are making strenuous efforts to find him . He should know that his actions will not deter us from our task and we will continue to work closely with our Afghan friends to bring security to Helmand .
`` Three courageous and dedicated soldiers have made the ultimate sacrifice . They will be greatly missed and their actions will not be forgotten . We will remember them . ''
British soldiers in Afghanistan have trained 130,000 Afghan troops since 2006 , and 5,000 British troops are currently partnering members of the ANA .
It appears to be the third incident in which a member of the Afghan security forces has opened fire on British troops .
We have sacrificed greatly together and we must ensure the trust between our forces remains solid in order to defeat our common enemies Gen David Petraeus , NATO commander , Afghanistan Reaction to deaths of UK soldiers
There was one incident in 2008 when two British soldiers were shot in the leg , and another in November 2009 when five British soldiers were shot dead by an Afghan policeman .
Security correspondent Frank Gardner said he was not surprised that the attack had happened because the vetting process to join the Afghan military is poor . It is not a popular career move , he said , because it is poorly paid and dangerous .
`` It is important to keep an open mind about what has motivated this person , '' said our correspondent .
`` This kind of thing often has rather more below the surface . There are often tribal feuds , there are family feuds ; there are personal reasons . So it is n't always down to the insurgency . ''
Our correspondent added that the tragedy was likely to intensify debate over the human costs of the mission in Afghanistan , but he said the West 's exit strategy relies on training the Afghan security forces .
The Nato commander in Afghanistan , Gen David Petraeus , said : `` This is a combined joint mission - Afghan and Alliance troopers fighting shoulder to shoulder against the Taliban and other extremists .
`` We have sacrificed greatly together and we must ensure the trust between our forces remains solid in order to defeat our common enemies . ''
And Col Richard Kemp , a former commander of British troops in Afghanistan , told the BBC it was important to remember that this was an isolated incident and `` not a pattern of events '' .
Search this site Custom Search
You are seeing both the menu box and the box `` Tap here for MENU '' because your browser does not support Javascript . Normally only one of those would display depending upon your screen size .
How reliable are Hadith ? Some are contradictory . Summary Some Muslims regard all hadith in the major hadith collections as indisputably correct .
However hadith scholars have always recognised that hadith vary in reliability .
The simplest way to refute the naive belief that all hadith in Bukhari 's and Muslim 's collections are correct is to list some hadith which contradict each other . 14 February 2015 .
From the earliest days of Islam , oral accounts of the deeds and sayings of the Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) circulated amongst Muslims . Sometime after his death , scholars such as Bukhari undertook a major effort to collect such sayings and to validate them .
The process of collection and validation is explained in detail in `` A Textbook of Hadith Studies : Authenticity , Compilation , Classification and Criticism of Hadith '' by Mohammad Hashim Kamali . Most of the validation effort concentrated on the “ chain of transmission ” which records how the oral information was passed down from person to person before it reached the hadith collector .
There was much less emphasis on assessing the actual text of the hadith to consider whether it was likely to be something that the Prophet ( pbuh ) might have said . This is discussed in `` Authentication of Hadith – Redefining the Criteria '' by Israr Ahmad Khan .
One unfortunate side-effect of the collection and validation effort of scholars such as Bukhari is that some Muslims think that all the hard work of validation has been done by these historic hadith collectors . The attitude is that if a hadith is in a collection such as Bukhari or Muslim , then automatically it must be a “ sahih hadith ” i.e . a “ sound or authentic hadith. ” Indeed the collections of Bukhari and Muslim are referred to as `` sahih collections '' .
The Muslims who hold such a naive belief are not the ones who have been trained in hadith studies .
Properly trained hadith scholars ( such as the authors of the books mentioned above ) are well aware that the hadith in collections such as Bukhari vary from highly reliable to relatively unreliable . Instead it is Muslims who have been brought up to believe that they must accept what they are told without critical thinking who are prone to believe that if a hadith is in Bukhari , it must be accurate and true .
The purpose of this page
My objective is to demonstrate with specific examples that Bukhari and Muslim contain hadith which are not reliable .
The easiest way to do this is to present multiple hadith about the same circumstances which contradict each other . By definition those hadith can not all be true .
It is not necessary for me to decide which of those hadith are right and which are wrong . The key point is that since they contradict , they can not all be true , although it is logically possible that they could all be wrong .
I am indebted to the work of Dr Mohammad Omar Farooq , “ Islamic Law and the Use and Abuse of Hadith ” and Maulana Mohammad Akram Khan as sources for hadith to consider . However every hadith cited below has been checked by me personally to the hadith collections of Bukhari and Muslim which are freely available at the International Islamic University of Malaysia website and the text copied from there to avoid the risk that the authors mentioned earlier in this paragraph might have made a mistake .
Contradictory hadith
Below are some specific circumstances and related hadith . After setting out the hadith , I explain the contradictions between the hadith quoted . It is logically impossible for all of the hadith quoted to be reliable since they contradict .
Obviously the citations below do not purport to be a comprehensive listing of all hadith in Bukhari or Muslim which are contradictory or which may be unreliable for other reasons .
How long after revelation commenced did the Prophet ( pbuh ) live in Mecca and Medina ?
There are a number of hadith in Bukhari and Muslim on this subject .
Bukhari Volume 4 , Book 56 , Number 747 :
Narrated Rabia bin Abi Abdur-Rahman :
I heard Anas bin Malik describing the Prophet saying , `` He was of medium height amongst the people , neither tall nor short ; he had a rosy color , neither absolutely white nor deep brown ; his hair was neither completely curly nor quite lank . Divine Inspiration was revealed to him when he was forty years old . He stayed ten years in Mecca receiving the Divine Inspiration , and stayed in Medina for ten more years . When he expired , he had scarcely twenty white hairs in his head and beard . '' Rabi ' a said , `` I saw some of his hairs and it was red . When I asked about that , I was told that it turned red because of scent . ''
Bukhari Volume 4 , Book 56 , Number 748 :
Narrated Anas :
Allah 's Apostle was neither very tall nor short , neither absolutely white nor deep brown . His hair was neither curly nor lank . Allah sent him ( as an Apostle ) when he was forty years old . Afterwards he resided in Mecca for ten years and in Medina for ten more years . When Allah took him unto Him , there was scarcely twenty white hairs in his head and beard .
Bukhari Volume 5 , Book 58 , Number 190 :
Narrated Ibn 'Abbas :
Allah 's Apostle was inspired Divinely at the age of forty . Then he stayed in Mecca for thirteen years , and then was ordered to migrate , and he migrated to Medina and stayed there for ten years and then died .
Bukhari Volume 5 , Book 58 , Number 242 :
Narrated Ibn Abbas :
Allah 's Apostle started receiving the Divine Inspiration at the age of forty . Then he stayed in Mecca for thirteen years , receiving the Divine Revelation . Then he was ordered to migrate and he lived as an Emigrant for ten years and then died at the age of sixty-three ( years ) .
Bukhari Volume 5 , Book 59 , Number 741 :
Narrated Aisha and Ibn 'Abbas :
The Prophet stayed for ten years in Mecca with the Qur'an being revealed to him and he stayed in Medina for ten years . '
Bukhari Volume 5 , Book 59 , Number 742 :
Narrated 'Aisha :
Allah 's Apostle died when he was sixty-three years of age .
Muslim Book 030 , Number 5794 :
Anas b. Malik reported that Allah 's Messenger ( may peace be upon him ) was neither very conspicuously tall nor short-statured , and his color was neither glaringly white nor brown ; his hair was neither very curly nor very straight ; Allah commissioned him ( as a Prophet ) when he had reached the age of forty years , and he stayed in Mecca for ten years and for ten years in Medina ; Allah took him away when he had just reached the age of sixty , and there had not been twenty white hair in his head and beard .
Muslim Book 030 , Number 5805 :
'Ammar , the freed slave of Banu Hashim , reported : I asked Ibn 'Abbas how old was he when death overtook the Messenger of Allah ( may peace be upon him ) . He said : I little know that such a thing is not known to a man like you who belong to his people . He said : I asked people about it but they differed with me , and I liked to know your opinion about it . He said : Do you know counting ? He said : Yes . He then said : Bear this in mind very well that he was commissioned ( as a Prophet ) at the age of forty , and he stayed in Mecca for fifteen years ; sometime in peace and sometime in dread , and ( lived ) for ten years after his migration to Medina .
Contradictions within Bukhari
How old was the Prophet ( pbuh ) when he died ?
Bukhari 4:56:747 and 4:56:748 - He was 40+10+10=60 years old .
Bukhari 5:58:242 and 5:59:742 – He was 63 years old .
How long did the Prophet ( pbuh ) stay in Mecca after revelation commenced ?
Bukhari 4:56:747 and 4:56:748 – He stayed in Mecca for 10 years .
Bukhari 5:58:190 and 5:59:741 – He stayed in Mecca for 13 years .
Contradictions within Muslim
How old was the Prophet ( pbuh ) when he died ?
Muslim 030:5794 – He was 60 .
Muslim 030:5805 – He was 40+15+10=65 years old .
The exchange of gold for gold or silver
In the Quran God prohibits something called “ riba ” in Arabic . A number of hadith elaborate on what constitutes riba .
Bukhari Volume 3 , Book 34 , Number 344 :
Narrated Az-Zuhri from Malik bin Aus :
that the latter said , `` Who has change ? '' Talha said , `` I ( will have change ) when our store-keeper comes from the forest . ''
Narrated 'Umar bin Al-Khattab : Allah 's Apostle said , `` The bartering of gold for silver is Riba , ( usury ) , except if it is from hand to hand and equal in amount , and wheat grain for wheat grain is usury except if it is form hand to hand and equal in amount , and dates for dates is usury except if it is from hand to hand and equal in amount , and barley for barley is usury except if it is from hand to hand and equal in amount . ''
Bukhari Volume 3 , Book 34 , Number 388 :
Narrated Abdur-Rahman bin Abu Bakra :
that his father said , `` The Prophet forbade the selling of gold for gold and silver for silver except if they are equivalent in weight , and allowed us to sell gold for silver and vice versa as we wished . ''
Contradictions
In Bukhari 3:34:344 above gold can not be bartered for silver “ except if it is from hand to hand and equal in amount . ”
In Bukhari 3:34:388 there are no restrictions on how gold is sold for silver .
A contract for the sale of a camel
Many of the principles of Islamic commercial law are derived from analysis of hadith . There are a number of hadith regarding one particular transaction involving a camel . Only a few of them are reproduced below .
Muslim Book 010 , Number 3886 :
Jabir b . 'Abdullah ( Allah be pleased with them ) reported that he was travelling on his camel which had grown jaded , and he decided to let it off . When Allah 's Apostle ( may peace be upon him ) met him and prayed for him and struck it , so it trotted as it had never trotted before . He said : Sell it to me for an 'uqaya . I said : No . He again said : Sell it to me . So I sold it to him for an 'uqaya , but made the stipulation that I should be allowed to ride back to my family . Then when I came to ( my place ) I took the camel to him and he paid me its price in ready money . I then went back and he sent : ( someone ) behind me ( and as I came ) he said : Do you see that I asked you to reduce price for buying your camel . Take your camel and your coins ; these are yours .
Muslim Book 010 , Number 3891 :
Jabir ( Allah be pleased with him ) reported : My camel had grown tired as Allah 's Messenger ( may peace be upon him ) came to me . He goaded it and it began to jump . After that I tried to restrain its rein so that I could listen to his ( Prophet 's ) words , but I could not do that . Allah 's Apostle ( may peace be upon him ) met me and said : Sell it to me , and I sold it for five 'uqiyas . I said : On the condition that I may use it as a ride ( for going back ) to Medina . He ( the Holy Prophet ) said : Well , you may use it as a ride up till Medina . When I came to Medina I handed over that to him and he made an addition of an uqiya ( to that amount which had been agreed upon ) and then presented that ( camel ) to me .
Muslim Book 010 , Number 3893 :
Jabir b . 'Abdullah ( Allah be pleased with them ) reported : Allah 's Messenger ( may peace be upon him ) bought a camel from me for two 'uqiyas and a dirham or two dirhams . As he reached Sirar ( a village near Medina ) , he commanded a cow to be slaughtered and it was slaughtered , and they ate of that , and as he ( the Holy Prophet ) reached Medina he ordered me to go to the mosque and offer two rak'ahs of prayer , and he measured for me the price of the camel and even made an excess payment to me .
Muslim Book 010 , Number 3895 :
Jabir ( Allah be pleased with him ) reported that Allah 's Apostle ( may peace be upon him ) said to him : I have taken your camel for four dinars , and you may ride upon it to Medina .
Contradictions
What was the agreed price of the camel ?
Muslim 010:3886 – one uqiya
Muslim 010:3891 – five uqiyas
Muslim 010:3893 – two uqiyas and a dirham or two dirhams
Muslim 010:3895 – four dinars
Concluding comments
The above examples were chosen to illustrate contradictions that are clear and undisputable . Bukhari and Muslim respectively must have chosen to include the hadiths within their collections , despite their being contradictory , because they saw no reason to prefer some variants over others .
There are of course other hadith which are contradicted by the Quran or contradicted by history , as discussed in the book `` Authentication of Hadith – Redefining the Criteria '' by Israr Ahmad Khan . However those failings are less immediately obvious , and some may choose to dispute them , whereas the internal contradictions listed above are immediate and impossible to dispute .
The contradictions demonstrate that it is simply impossible to regard all hadith as 100 % reliable , which is the naive belief sometimes put forward by Muslims who lack understanding of the way that hadith scholars classify hadith on a scale of reliability .
I do not share the approach of Quranists who disregard all hadith on the grounds that the reliability of hadith can not be established indisputably . To do so isolate one from a great deal of historical and religious information that has some value , provided it is approached in the spirit of critical enquiry used by most hadith scholars . While regarding all hadith as 100 % reliable is simply naive , choosing to ignore all hadith completely is in my view going to the opposite extreme .
The Disqus comments facility below allows you to comment on this page . Please respect others when commenting .
You can login using any of your Twitter , Facebook , Google+ or Disqus identities .
Even if you are not registered on any of these , you can still post a comment . Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus . comments powered by Disqus
Custom Search
Follow @ Mohammed_Amin
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Before Hitler became the embodiment of evil , he was just an angry guy with a mob . So on November 8 , 1923 , the leadership of the Weimar Republic was hosting a debate at a beer hall , because that 's how they do in Germany . Young Hitler knew this was the time to strike .
Now , when you hear `` beer hall , '' do n't picture some little rinky-dink honky-tonk with Bavarians line dancing or riding mechanical bulls or whatever . This particular bar sat 3,000 people , and the place was brimming with drinkers listening to one of the leaders , Gustav Ritter von Kahr , speech it up ... until Hitler and about 20 of his friends in the German Workers Party burst in the door . Their `` plan '' ? To kidnap the three leaders and hold a gun to their heads until they joined their cause .
Wikipedia Commons
`` National socialism ca n't move forward without this mustache ! ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Hitler had two things on his side -- a machine gun and 600 stormtroopers . So , maybe that 's 601 things . The machine gun was position at the door and his mob surrounded the building . Adolf jumped on a chair , shot a bullet in the air and screeched the following :
`` The national revolution has broken out ! The hall is filled with 600 men . Nobody is allowed to leave . The Bavarian government and the government at Berlin are deposed . A new government will be formed at once . The barracks of the Reichswehr and those of the police are occupied . Both have rallied to the swastika . ''
Library of Congress
Apparently Hitler was one of those guys who always looked the same .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That would have been a striking statement if any of it had been true -- for instance , the barracks at the military headquarters were not occupied by his men . Pretty much the only thing that was true about the future Fuhrer 's statement was the part about nobody being able to leave , on account of the machine gun . All three members of the ruling triumvirate were forced into another room and made to dance while Hitler shot their feet . And also asked to join his new government . To his complete shock , all three refused .
And that was the first failing of the plans : The Putsch Pals really , really believed the country 's rulers would just acquiesce and hand over the keys to the national Audi . When they did n't , Hitler rejoined the crowd and did the one thing he did best -- made a bombastic speech -- and the audience loved him . Boom ! The Nazi era begins !
Getty
Nothing but goose-stepping and evil Boy Scouts from there on out .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Not quite . Thinking he 'd won the country , Hitler takes off , and nobody knows what to do next . The next day somebody shouts , `` We march ! '' and 2,000 Nazis just start kind of ambling through the streets of Munich , vaguely hoping the army and police would join them .
Only instead of inspiring millions , these marchers just got shot at and arrested . Hitler , who had rejoined his coup by this point , rode away from the march in a waiting car , leaving his followers to fend for themselves , where 16 of them died . He would later get arrested and sent to prison for treason .
Bundesarchiv , Bild 146-2007-0003 / Unknown / CC-BY-SA
His first-generation stormtroopers would go on to claim they were into Nazism `` before it was cool . ''
In a perfect world , the last we would have heard of Adolf Hitler was that he was the joker who started a rebellion and then ran away crying when the guns came out . As it is , well , you know the rest .
For more bizarre acts of aggression , check out The 5 Most Retarded Wars Ever Fought and 5 Forgotten Revolutions That Created The Modern World .
So you want a big-screen phone and the Pixel 2 XL , iPhone X and Galaxy Note 8 are catching your eye . Which one do you buy ? Decisions , decisions .
The best policy is to wait until our reviews are in . Some of you are going to preorder regardless , so for you , we 're going to break down the pros and cons of the eight features that matter most , like which phone gives you the most screen for the smallest body size , and which phone that has the most impressive camera features . That just might make all the difference when you 're trying to decide if you 'll preorder a new , untested phone or wait .
Since Google has only just recently announced the Pixel 2 XL and we have n't had a chance to test it or the iPhone X against the fully reviewed Note 8 , a hard and fast opinion on which phone is best will have to wait until all the reviews are in .
Ready ? Here we go .
Read also : Compare the Pixel 2 XL , iPhone X and Note 8 specs .
Now playing : Watch this : Pixel 2 and 2 XL : Better camera but no headphone jack
1 . Biggest screen in the smallest body
Slim bezels and screens that take up almost the entire face of the phone are in , and the combo is giving large-screen handsets a smaller footprint overall .
I used this screen-to-body-ratio calculator to find out which of the three phones gives you the most screen in the smallest package . The calculator uses the screen size , screen resolution , height and width to determine the percent of the phone face that makes up the display .
Galaxy Note 8 : 82.76 percent
iPhone X : 81.51 percent
Pixel 2 XL : 76.71 percent
2 . Best camera tech
Camera quality is one of the main reasons people buy one phone over another . While we ca n't compare image quality among these phones quite yet , we can dive into the camera specs .
Notably , the Pixel 2 phones have one rear camera , not two . Google claims its tech is so good on the single 12.2-megapixel shooter , it does n't need a second lens ; it can achieve the same depth-effect portrait mode with one camera . Photography test site DxOMark gave the Pixel 2 camera its highest rating ever , at 98 . The Galaxy Note 8 scored 94 . DxO has n't rated the iPhone X yet , for the record , and image quality is something we 'll certainly test out on our own .
Meanwhile , Apple 's iPhone X stands out because its camera adds a dramatic portrait lighting effect to enhance depth-effect photos . This is a beta feature on the iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X , but something we enjoyed trying out in our tests .
The Galaxy Note 8 , the first Samsung phone with dual cameras and portrait mode , has a neat effect that saves a wide-angle version of the image along with the telephoto portrait shot , so you get both with the snap of a lens . The iPhone X and Pixel 2 XL and Pixel 2 will also save two versions of the image , though the exact format and audio quality are something we 'll need to test .
If you 're moved one way or another by camera specs , check out the chart below . Otherwise , know that we expect all three top-tier phones to take excellent photos that look great online and in print . The differences are often minor and specific -- we think you 'll probably get great shots with each of these phones , but to be absolutely certain , it 's best to wait .
iPhone X , Galaxy Note 8 , Pixel 2 XL camera specs
iPhone X Galaxy Note 8 Pixel 2 XL Wide-angle resolution 12-megapixels 12-megapixels 12.2-megapixels Telephoto resolution 12-megapixels 12-megapixels None Wide-angle aperture f/1.8 f/1.7 f/1.8 Telephoto aperture f/2.4 f/2.4 None Optical image stabilization Both wide-angle and telephoto Both wide-angle and telephoto Rear camera Optical zoom 2X 2X None Digital zoom 10X 10X N/A Video 4K and HD 4K and HD 4K and HD Slow motion 240fps at 1080P , 60fps at 4K 240fps at 720P , 120fps at 1080P 240fps at 720P , 120fps at 1080P Front camera resolution 7-megapixels 8-megapixels 8-megapixels Front camera aperture f/2.2 f/1.7 f/2.4 Portrait mode cameras Front and back Back Front and back Camera extras Portrait Lighting adds dramatic effects , slow-sync flash Can adjust portrait blur , switch between portrait and telephoto shots Free cloud storage , GoogleLens
3 . Best unique extras
Pixel 2 and 2 XL :
Squeezable frame launches Google Assistant , silences incoming calls
Blends optical image stabilization and digital image stabilization to produce smooth video
Auto-hotspot with Pixelbook laptop
Josh Miller/CNET
iPhone X :
Face ID scans your mug to unlock the phone
Portrait lighting mode ( also on iPhone 8 Plus )
Slow-sync camera flash will help images pop
Galaxy Note 8 :
S Pen stylus comes bundled with the phone
Curved screens with specialized shortcut software
Headphone jack , quickly becoming extinct
4 . Most complete digital assistant
Google 's Assistant is now on every Android 6.0 phone and higher , but Apple 's Siri and Samsung 's newly launched Bixby Voice app are hot on its heels .
Pixel 2 XL : Google Assistant
Google Assistant is the clear winner here in terms of actual Web searching -- and that 's irrespective of the Galaxy Note 8 or Pixel 2 phones . The fact that it 's so good at understanding what you want to say and quickly returning web results is key . On the Pixel 2 XL ( and Pixel 2 ) , being able to quickly launch the app with a squeeze is a bonus shortcut .
Galaxy Note 8 : Bixby Voice and Google Assistant
But Samsung 's Bixby on the Galaxy Note 8 ( and also S8 and S8 Plus ) includes both Samsung 's voice sidekick and Google Assistant .
Now playing : Watch this : Siri vs. Google Assistant vs. Bixby
In that respect , you get more for your money Bixby Voice excels at specific , complex on-phone tasks , like opening a certain phone gallery and sending a photo to your friend . Samsung likes to say that Bixby Voice can replicate everything with your voice that you can do with a tap . Together with Google Assistant , you get the best of both worlds .
iPhone X : Siri
Siri is the weakest link . It 's improved , and does the basics well , but ca n't handle complex commands and does n't reliably understand what you 're saying , or return the answers in the most clear and convenient ways . We 're hoping that a recent tie-in to Google 's search database will advance Siri along . It 's also possible that Siri has hidden tricks on the iPhone X that we have n't yet seen… we 'll keep you posted on that front .
You can still use Google Assistant on the iPhone , but you need to manually toggle it on -- it wo n't work in the background .
5 . Longest battery life
Tune in to the broken record : We 'll let you know when we test the iPhone X and Pixel 2 XL . In the meantime , you can compare battery ratings .
Battery life depends on a couple things : the overall battery capacity , and how well the software is optimized to reduce battery strain . We know what the battery capacity is , but have only tested the Galaxy Note 8 .
James Martin/CNET
iPhone X : Rated at 21 hours of talk time on wireless ; 13 hours of internet use ; 14 hours of video playback on wireless ; 60 hours of audio playback on wireless
Galaxy Note 8 : 3,300mAh ( CNET test : 17 hours , 30 minutes ; average of 5 looping battery drain tests on airplane mode )
Google Pixel 2 XL : 3,520mAh
6 . Fastest security and software updates
The iPhone and Google Pixel 2 XL have this cornered . Apple controls it hardware and software top to bottom , so any software update reaches all supported phones at once .
Similarly , Google 's Pixel series gets Android updates first . The Pixel 2 and 2 XL are among the first phones to launch with Android 8.0 Oreo software , but last year 's Pixels already updated . That 's a good track record .
Samsung layers its own software on top of Android , and that means it takes longer for the company to test new version that work well with its own software twist -- and longer for carriers to make sure that that version works with their networks .
7 . Most possible storage
All three phones start with 64GB of external storage .
Google Pixel 2 XL : 64GB or 128GB versions , plus unlimited cloud storage for photos
Galaxy Note 8 : 64GB and up to 2TB expandable storage
iPhone X : 64GB or 256GB options
8 . Most affordable
Prices tend to drop over time , especially as carriers and stores offer seasonal deals . These prices represent each phone 's full retail cost at launch .
Criterion has confirmed that it will make another Burnout game `` at some point '' in the future , before suggesting that its next game could be a new Road Rash title .
`` There 's still a lot of stuff we want to do with driving , '' Criterion 's creative director Craig Sullivan told The Guardian .
`` We will make another Burnout game at some point . Obviously , as we 're working on NFS we 're thinking of really good ideas that are n't right for this series ; there are ideas that we 're going to explore with Burnout . And we would n't be making NFS or Burnout games if we did n't think the driving genre had a long shelf life and that we could push the boundaries . ''
Criterion 's last core Burnout game Burnout Paradise was released in January 2008 , before shifting focus onto the Need For Speed series in the years that followed .
The studio is currently putting the finishing touches to open-world racer Need For Speed : Most Wanted , a game many have likened to Paradise .
`` When we did Burnout Paradise we did some motorbike DLC and now everyone thinks that we 're going to do Road Rash at some point , '' Sullivan continues .
`` I had a lot of fun playing that game , we think bikes are fun . We might make a Road Rash game .... But then we might make a game without vehicles in it . I mean , we made Black , I was the lead designer - we might make a game about blowing the crap out of each other ! ''
`` But Road Rash seems like a good fit for Criterion ... ''
Footage of a canned Road Rash in development at EA Warrington leaked onto YouTube five years ago . Then , in 2010 , concept art from the unannounced title was posted by former EA artist Ross Dearsley .
Next year 's Need For Speed is expected to be in development at new EA studio EA Gothenburg under the eye of Criterion 's Alex Ward .
One of the biggest selling points of Pokémon Go is that it lets players find Pokémon in the real world . But since Niantic disabled the game 's monster tracker just weeks after launch , most have been left to fend for themselves . As the cold weather inches closer , though , the in-game map remains nowhere to be found , and Pokémon fans are just about ready to give up on the massive ( if controversial ) mobile game .
When the original nearby Pokémon tracking feature proved glitchy shortly after launch , Niantic responded by removing it entirely . The developer promised that a fix was incoming , and things looked to be on the up-and-up when the San Francisco Bay area received an overhauled locating feature in beta .
Yet there are still no plans to bring that out of the Bay and into the world , Niantic confirmed to Polygon .
“ Niantic is still testing a new type of tracking that 's geo-locked to San Francisco , ” a representative told us . “ At this moment , there is no estimated timeline to potentially rolling it out wider . ”
That wo n't assuage the fears of the still-dedicated mass of Pokémon trainers , who long for guidance as winter nears .
“ Niantic took away the trackers right before winter , ” wrote one Reddit user . “ I hope they come out with one cause who is going to wander around aimlessly in the cold ? ”
No one , it sounds like . The top-rated replies are all from players who reject the idea of Pokémon-hunting in the middle of the snow without any direction . There are other popular threads just like this one , each following a similar script : Players want an in-game map soon , or else they 're dropping the game .
Looking at the Pokémon Go Twitter account bears similar findings . Niantic 's excited updates about the game 's new features are just met with tepid responses from players who just want to be able to track Pokémon again .
This would be less of an issue if players were able to come together and create their own maps . In fact , they have , but Niantic disabled the most prominent third-party mapping sites , like PokéVision , just after removing the feature . The move prompted the game 's first major walkout , as fans lodged their complaints and outrage with the developer about the need for help .
Player-created tracking services continue to spring up , although Niantic 's locked-down location data ensures that nothing lasts long . The creator of FastPokéMap , one of those unofficial Pokémon finders , composed an enraged message to the developer that 's been making the rounds among the Pokémon Go community . It 's dramatically entitled “ The fall of Pokémon Go , ” and suggests that the game 's dwindling popularity is the direct result of Niantic 's anti-mapping measures .
“ Do n't be surprised if your userbase is tanking and do n't be surprised about the huge backslash from the community ” because of the increased security around location data , the post warns Niantic .
“ Do n't be another [ Hello Games , developer of No Man 's Sky ] . Listen to your community and open the api . You can still save Pokémon Go . ”
Update : We 've added Niantic 's quote above regarding the timeline for the Pokémon Go tracking feature 's return .
A wholesale food distributor with deep roots in the Pacific Northwest opened its first Montana location on Saturday in Missoula , a store that represents the company 's 62nd location .
After a lengthy renovation of the former Staples building off Brooks Street , Cash & Carry opened its doors to a curious crowd looking to stock up on bulk items , from 50-pound bags of whole-wheat flower to six-pound cans of Alfredo sauce .
“ Missoula is a great draw from a long distance , ” said Ryan Weedon , the company 's new store marketing manager . “ Oftentimes , the food-service operator is willing to drive a distance because we offer great savings , so it 's worth that time to them . ”
The company is headquartered in Portland , Oregon , and has operated throughout the Pacific Northwest for more than 60 years . It currently operates in Washington , Oregon , California , Nevada , Idaho and Utah .
It can now add Montana to that list .
“ We 'll open in Wenatchee ( Washington ) about three weeks from now , and last month , we opened up in Coeur d'Alene , ” said Wheedon . “ This is an area where we 're growing . We 've already got a lot of stores in Seattle , Oregon and Nor-Cal , so this kind of areas are logical for us . ”
Cash & Carry may be better compared with Costco than the local grocery store , minus the costly membership . The wholesaler caters largely to restaurateurs and those looking to feed a large number of people .
It sells most of its items in bulk .
“ We really like to partner with the food service , especially that mom-and-pop shop – that 25-seat diner or Thai restaurant , ” he said . “ We carry a large selection of ethic items because we do a lot of business with Thai restaurants and Chinese restaurants . We do a ton of teriyaki business , but we 've got everything you need to run any kind of restaurant . ”
The new Cash & Carry location on Brooks Street will join Lucky 's Market as the latest additions to the Midtown district .
Lucky 's , a grocery chain specializing in organic and natural foods , will open in Southgate Mall early next year in the building formerly occupied by Sears .
Both Sears and Staples closed their Brooks Street locations in recent years . Sears shuttered its store in the spring of 2015 while Staples closed early last year .
Weedon said the company has been eyeing the Brooks Street location for years . It became available once Staples moved out .
“ We put a bid on this location when Staples first moved in , but we missed out on the that , ” Weedon said . “ We were able to get it this time . We kind of looked on Reserve Street , but it seemed out of the way . This is centrally located and we want to make it easy for the business owner to get to us . ”
On CNN Tonight Thursday , a panel discussion on O.J . Simpson 's parole verdict earlier that day veered into politics , after one guest related the treatment of Simpson to Black Lives Matter . CNN legal analyst Areva Martin compared the reactions to yesterday 's verdict as racial , insinuating that whites angry over it were treating Simpson more harshly than they would a white person who did “ much worse ” things . After this comment , she got into a back-and-forth argument with former Simpson legal advisor Alan Dershowitz over the criminal justice system and Black Lives Matter .
The panel conversation turned political after Martin admitted she was “ shocked ” at the responses she had been getting on social media , after bringing up race in this case , earlier on the network .
I 'm kind of shocked , Don . At the responses I 've been getting on social media all day . I 've been called lots of names , many of which I ca n't repeat , because I 've been talking about race and the criminal justice system all day on this network as it relates to this parole hearing and it 's funny to me that this is a country about second chances until it relates to O.J . Simpson . The whole concept that someone serves their time , that they 're a model prisoner , that they do the things that are asked of them to do while incarcerated and when it 's time to be paroled and the parole commission says that they met all of the requirements , that they 're a low risk offender and they 're granted parole , now all of a sudden there 's this sense he should serve this infinite amount of time not for the botched robbery , but for the alleged crime that happened in the 1990s which the parole board said they got thousands of letters of people urging them not to grant parole because of the verdict in the murder trial .
Dershowitz disagreed with Martin 's assessment , saying race should n't have played into Simpson 's parole hearing :
I disagree . I think there 's so much hypocrisy . If the shoe were on the other foot , if this were a white policeman who , as in the Rodney King case who had severely beaten an black person and then he got tried again as he did under federal law , you know , many in the black community would take the opposite position . This is an issue where race often decides which side you 're on and there 's very few principled people who stick to the same view regardless of what the racial composition is and that is the real problem with American justice is . People pick sides , pick sides based on race , pick sides based on politics . Pick sides based on a variety of factors , gender , and then they do n't apply a single principle . They ask the question my grandmother used to ask . When I say grandmother , the Brooklyn Dodgers won , she 'd say ‘ yeah but was it good or bad for the Jews ? ' And that 's the question I think many people asked yesterday : Is it good or bad for black people ? Is it good or bad for Republicans ? Is it good or bad for Democrats ? And that 's not the way our criminal justice system should operate on either side .
Host Don Lemon jumped in to correct Dershowitz , saying that this parole hearing “ had nothing to do ” with Simpson 's 1995 trial . Martin then argued more forcefully about how our “ racist ” criminal justice system did n't give Simpson a fair shot :
I just want to respond to Al and talk about the hypocrisy . The hypocrisy here is there was a huge divide in the country around the verdict , with the acquittal with respect to O.J . Simpson and the very same people that are castigating O.J . Simpson have stood by people who have done far worse than O.J . Simpson . We know this criminal justice system is not fair . That African Americans are disproportionately impacted in a negative way , from everything to how they 're prosecuted to how they 're sentenced . It 's not a fair comparison , it 's not apples to apples when you talk about black men in particular , in the criminal justice system . They 're not treated as Jews are treated . That 's an unfair statement to me .
Dershowitz then started arguing with Martin , saying that her “ Black Lives Matter ” argument was n't about justice for everyone , before she slammed AG Jeff Sessions as leading a racist justice system :
DERSHOWITZ : That 's the problem , that 's the problem when I hear Black Lives Matter matter start to come out in favor of due process for white policeman and due process for everybody , then I 'll take that argument seriously . I have n't seen any evidence of that . Today Black Lives Matter matter , only Black Lives Matter , and the due process -- MARTIN : Why are we talking about Black Lives Matter matter ? DERSHOWITZ : Because you 're talking about equality , we do n't have equality on either side [ talking over eachother ] MARTIN : When we see the criminal justice system treat African Americans equally then I 'll take your argument seriously . DERSHOWITZ : No . We have to do it before that . We have to treat everybody equally and we ca n't wait until the system improves before we have a single standard . We ca n't have affirmative action in the criminal justice system . Sorry that does n't wash under American justice . MARTIN : Well it 's a little difficult to talk about treating everyone equally when you have an Attorney General and you have prosecutors that do n't treat everyone equally . We have a system that disproportionately negatively impacts African Americans .
CNN Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin then jumped on the Black Lives Matter bandwagon , backing up Martin 's argument that the entire criminal justice system was skewed against blacks :
I 've always been a diehard Microsoft fan ; ever since the day I got my Xbox . I 'd never even considered the thought of getting a PlayStation 3 up until Journey came out and our own Chris Lock loved it , but even then , I was still a huge Microsoft fan boy . I 've never had a doubt in my mind that the PlayStation 4 would suck and I 'd never buy one . Nope . Not me . Not in a million years .
That 's why it 's so hard for me to come out and say this .
I really want a PlayStation 4 . Now just hold on , let me explain .
Wednesday night I had no hype for the PlayStation 4 event . I 'd had a long day , I took a forty minute nap then woke up at exactly six just in time to see the beginning of the event . I was grumpy and very cranky . The live stream was n't even working correctly . I did n't even know the PlayStation 4 was official until I checked Twitter . Finally I found a good stream and began my coverage .
The specs are nice . At about 16-times more powerful than the Xbox , I 'd started to sway , but that was n't any big deal . Sure , the graphics will look nice and the games will be powerful , but is that really that big of a deal ? When they mentioned how the controller had a touchscreen I thought it was a nice feature .
The first feature that really grabbed my attention was all the social features . Every single game can be recorded and posted online ? That 's amazing . That completely takes my needs for a capture card out of the reviews . I 'm also a very social person , so allowing me to always be connected at all my social networks is another plus for me . Throw out that horrible design in the PS3 's dashboard and it can only sweeten the deal . The automatic downloading of updates and allowing you to play things is also a nice touch .
Then Sony really hit me where it mattered .
Live Help with friends . This is amazing . Being in a long distance relationship like I am , gaming together is a very important thing for my girlfriend and I . Games are hard sometimes , and being able to jump in and use her controller for her from anywhere in the world is an amazing idea . “ Alright , this might be worth getting… maybe. ” I muttered to myself . I was n't ready to announce I would ever play a Sony console .
Moving on , moving on , oh self-publishing ? Cool , I guess… Infamous : Second Son ? Ok… Killzone and Driveclub look nice… but , not my thing… Being able to put the console to sleep is pretty nice as well .
Wait , Jon Blow ? No , Sony , stop . When Sony brought out Braid creator Jonathon Blow I had a lot of hope . His new game “ The Witness ” looks amazing . Open world puzzle adventuring ? That sounds perfect for me . The art style looks very similar to The Legend of Zelda : Wind Waker , my all-time favorite Zelda , just for that reason . That 's nice , it looks pretty and fun , but he only said “ The Launch Window ” that does n't mean it 'll never come to Xbox , no need to worry .
The Old Mans Head tech demo was nice too . Nothing major , very pretty looking , but when do we ever have games that need real eye emotion ? L.A. Noire had it and it was hard to get any of the emotions correctly . Maybe I 'm just a bad detective .
Still , I relented waving the PlayStation flag . My fanboy tendencies are the last defense I have against admitting Chris was right… I ca n't do that . Capcom and Square Enix had some nice games , but Final Fantasy was never my thing , and Deep Down just looks like “ Dragons Dogma Two , ” which was n't really my cup of tea from what I 've seen from it . Just a Skyrim clone that was n't as good .
Then they showed Watch_Dogs . This game has been one of my most anticipated of the year , even if they did release my email along with five hundred others when “ DeMarco Died ” early in 2012 . This game looks sick . Completely multiplayer throughout the game , open world vigilantism , this guy is like a more public Batman who wears a nice overcoat . This game looks completely sick . It 's coming to PlayStation 4 first ? Oh man . This is where I lowered the Xbox flag . “ Maybe… Maybe I will buy a PlayStation 4… ”
Next Activision took the stage . Diablo 3 on PlayStation 4 sounds cool , but nothing too major . Something I 'd play with my girlfriend , but not a console seller for me . Then he teased something . I do n't quite remember what he said , but he hinted at a great developer .
“ It 's Bungie , ” I screamed in my girlfriend 's ear as we watched . They came on stage and announced that , not only will Destiny be on the PlayStation 4 first ; it 'll have exclusive content . I had what could be referred to as a “ Fanboy Seizure ” where I jumped around and shook my hands in excitement .
I immediately went and signed up for GameStop 's preorder waiting list at that point . This is something I want to , no , need to own .
I 'm sorry Microsoft . I ca n't stay exclusive to you anymore . I 'm not saying I wo n't buy your next Xbox , but , well , they 've got Bungie , and that means they 've got me .
PlayStation , I love you .
Spread the word Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Pinterest
Tumblr
People with “ dark skin ” and “ Europeans ” are not separate and mutually exclusive groups . There has never been a time when Europeans were exclusively white people . Europe was never a culturally or racially isolated place . Europe has been connected through trade and politics with many different nations where the locals were black , and many countries within medieval and renaissance Europe had populations that were primarily darker skinned . In fact , if we trace European history back far enough ( beyond the dark ages , before Christianity , before Rome , and so on ) you can find a Europe that existed before white people- but not a Europe that existed before black people .
There have been black fencing masters , black brigadier generals , black poets , black pirates , black composers and black musicians in renaissance Europe and during the colonization of the Americas . With February being Black History Month , I would like to dedicate this blog post to the often untold stories of some of the most amazing black figures from the medieval and renaissance era in Europe and the New World .
Thomas- Alexander Dumas
Many people are familiar with the famous tale , the Count of Monte Cristo , written by Alexandre Dumas ( who also penned the Three Musketeers ) but not many people know that the story was inspired by his father , the first person of colour to become a brigadier general , divisional general and the first general in chief of the French Army . During the French Revolution , Thomas- Alexander Dumas led a group of mixed-race swordsmen called the “ Free Legion of Americans , ” or better known as their nickname the “ Black Legion. ” He started his military career when he enlisted as a private at the age of 24 in 1786 in the Queen 's Dragoons . In his sixteen years of service he quickly rose through the ranks and served in numerous military campaigns .
In 2012 , author Tom Reiss released a biography on Thomas- Alexander Dumas called The Black Count : Glory , Revolution , Betrayal , and the Real Count of Monet Cristo .
Juan Latino
Granada was home to Renaissance Europe 's only black Latinist , scholar , and writer Juan Latino . He had a gift for classical languages and music . He published three volumes of poems in the mid sixteenth century where he wrote and reflected on the condition of blacks and negated the validity of any religious justification for slavery of Africans . Latino is known as one of the first writers to have used a form of word play known as signifying ; and in one of his most famous poems , Austrias Carmen , he wrote of establishing the dignity of all black Africans , relating them to biblical Ethiopia and refusing the idea of natural slavery . Latino also had a reputation of romancing many of his female students and eventually he ended up marrying one of them !
Black Caesar
During the start of the 18th century the seas around the Florida Keys were terrorized by an African pirate known as Black Caesar . He was an African tribal war chief who was known for his brute strength , momentous size and sharp intelligence . He left Africa when he was tricked onto a slave ship headed to the New World , but he escaped his captivity with the aid of one of the sailors . When the slave trader hit a hurricane along the Florida Reefs , the sailor freed Back Caesar and they used the panic and distraction during the storm to their advantage where they managed to corner the captain and crew at gunpoint and boarded a longboat equipped with food , weapons and other supplies from the ship .
For years they would use the longboat to trick passing ships into thinking they were in need of assistance , when the ships would come in close the two of them would draw their guns and demand supplies and more ammunition . Caesar killed his companion in a duel over a woman and went on to form his own crew . He took over his own ships and terrorized the open seas for nearly a decade , eventually joining forces with the famous pirate Blackbeard acting as his chief lieutenants aboard the Queen Anne 's Revenge . His reign eventually came to an end in 1718 when he was convicted of piracy and hanged in Williamsburg , Virginia . There is still an island located North of Key Largo called Caesar 's Rock , which is named after him and was the site of his original headquarters ( which apparently had included a harem and a prison camp ) .
William Brown
This particular pirate , was no ordinary man- in fact this pirate was n't even a man , but an exceptionally smart and strong black woman . After a particularly brutal quarrel with her husband in 1804 , Brown decided to leave so she joined the Royal Navy under the guise of a man and set sail for a life at sea . Technically this made Brown the first woman and the first person of colour to serve in the Royal Navy , which she did until 1815 when her true sex was discovered while serving in the crew of the Queen Charlotte .
Jean-Louis Michel
“ A foil should be held as one holds a little bird ; not so tightly as to crush it , but just enough to prevent it escaping from the hand. ” These famous words came from the mouth of Jean-Louis Michel , one of the 19th centuries the greatest fencing masters . He was the son of a Haitian woman and a fencing coach in the French Army . When Michel was still in his youth he took part in- and won- a duel to the death that lasted over an hour with a Spanish opponent who was almost a foot taller then himself .
Like his father , he too served in the French army under Napolean and made a name for himself for having won a series of regimental duels held outside of Madrid , Spain . He is reported to have killed three Italian masters ( including Florentine 's own Giacomo Ferrari ) and wounded ten others . After his time in the army he retired and opened up his own fencing school in Montpellier . His legacy lives on in modern fencing through the New Zealand fencing club , Salle Jean Louis which has a direct link to Jean Louis which can be traced back through it 's founders and various instructors and well-known students of the school since opening in 1955 .
Joseph Bologne , Chevalier de Saint-George
Born in Guadeloupe Joseph Bologne was the son of George Bologne de Saint-Georges , a wealthy planter , and Nanon , who was his father 's African slave . An exceptionally bright boy , Saint-Georges excelled at music , academics and sports . Henry Angelo , who ran a top notch fencing school in London spoke highly of Saint-Georges saying : “ Never did any man combine such suppleness with so much strength . He excelled in every physical exercise he took up , and was also an accomplished swimmer and skater…He could often be seen swimming across the Seine with only one arm , and in skating his skill exceeded everyone else 's . As to the pistol , he rarely missed the target . In running he was reputed to be one of the leading exponents in the whole of Europe . ”
Saint-Georges was a champion fencer , a violin virtuoso and conductor of the leading symphony orchestra in Paris , France and is known as the first black classical composer . During the French Revolution , he fought for the Republic and was the colonel of the ‘ Legion St.-Georges ' , the first all black regiment in Europe . Even though he was a talented fencer- who few dared challenge- his fame brought about much jealousy throughout his career . His company and favour were fought over in high class Parisian society and he was often challenged to many duels , which he often tried to avoid by using his charm , impeccable manners and grace defusing the situation with words as he had great respect for human life . However , in 1756 a master of arms from Rouen and former officer , named Picard , challenged Saint George to a duel with a racial insult calling him “ La Boessiere 's mulatto. ” Despite the insult Saint George initially refused the duel , but on his father 's insistence he met Picard in Rouen and easily defeated the hot-tongues racist who was then forced to acknowledge Saint George 's far superior skills with a saber .
This collection only begins to brush the surface of the history of black people in Europe and the New World . King Henry VIII had a black trumpter under his employ and his first wife , Katherine of Aragorn 's lady in waiting was an Iberian Moor named Catalina de Cardones . Alfonso Álvares who was of mixed race was the Master of Works for the Portuguese king , Sebastian of Portugal . Álvares designed many buildings and structures , one of the most famous being the Monastery of São Bento .
If you would like to do more research I highly recommend checking out the website Medieval People of Colour as a great start . If you know of any other stories about black figures from the medieval and renaissance era in Europe and the New World , please feel free to share them with us !
Buy Photo Delegate Jonathan Hale returns to his seat after the Navajo Nation Council passed his bill during the winter session on Tuesday in Window Rock , Ariz. ( Photo : Noel Lyn Smith/The Daily Times , Noel Lyn Smith/The Daily Times ) Buy Photo
WINDOW ROCK , Ariz. – When a bill calling for changing the agency that serves Navajo veterans went before the Navajo Nation Council on Tuesday , delegates did not hesitate to vote in favor it .
The council voted 20-0 to pass a measure establishing the Navajo Nation Veterans Administration under the tribe 's Office of the President and Vice President during the second day of the winter session here .
The bill also establishes a Navajo Nation Veterans Advisory Council under the executive branch . The six-member council is designed to provide policy advice to the tribal president regarding veteran issues and concerns .
One reason for the modification is to make the Department of Navajo Veterans Affairs , which has been under the Division of Human Resources , a separate administration within the executive branch in order to seek recognition from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , the legislation states .
Delegate Jonathan Hale sponsored the legislation . Before he could present the bill to the council , some delegates called for a vote on it . Their request was answered , and the bill was voted on without debate .
“ This legislation honors Navajo veterans and will provide services and funding from agencies to the Navajo Nation on behalf of veterans , ” Hale said in a press release from the speaker 's office .
Paul George , commander of the Northern Agency Veterans Organization , attended the session . He said passage of the legislation is “ a start ” and part of the first step to reform the system for addressing and providing services to veterans .
“ Just establishing an office of the veterans administration does not change the current system . We 're just transferring the whole program into the new administration , but the deficiencies are still there , ” George said in an interview after the vote .
He said the bill will help give veterans a “ say so ” in their tribal government , but he added that veterans continue to be outsiders when it comes to certain processes under the government .
The legislation will be submitted to President Russell Begaye for review . After it is submitted to his office , the president has 10 calendar days to sign or veto it , according to the press release .
Buy Photo Speaker LoRenzo Bates , left , address the other members of the Navajo Nation Council at the winter session on Tuesday in Window Rock , Ariz. Patty Chee , right , president of the Community Land Use Planning Committee at Tiis Tsoh Sikaad Chapter , helped Bates present his bill . ( Photo : Noel Lyn Smith/The Daily Times , Noel Lyn Smith/The Daily Times )
In other council action , delegates voted 15-6 to table legislation requesting $ 270,000 in supplemental funding from the tribe 's Unreserved Undesignated Fund Balance for the Tiis Tsoh Sikaad Chapter to replace a fence line between two districts .
Speaker LoRenzo Bates , who sponsored the bill , said fencing is needed to prevent livestock from crossing between the districts , and the material would replace fencing that is at least 60 years old .
The Tiis Tsoh Sikaad Chapter has worked with surrounding chapters to identify the “ historical fence line , ” Bates said . He added that the project has received $ 123,168 in assistance from the Bureau of Indian Affairs for completion .
During the council 's discussion , Delegate Dwight Witherspoon reminded delegates about the shortfall the tribe is facing in its budget due to declining revenue from oil , gas and other minerals . Witherspoon , who serves as vice chairman of the Budget and Finance Committee , said his committee and others are continuing to examine the situation and search for solutions .
With that information , Bates said it might be in the best interest for the council to table the bill because one avenue for addressing the shortfall could be tapping into funds , such as the UUFB .
Before the bill was tabled , Delegate Tom Chee said the project is a good way for the Tiis Tsoh Sikaad Chapter to practice land management .
“ Hopefully , we begin to return to valuing the land , being good stewards of it , ” Chee said .
The council did approve legislation to change the regular meeting day of the Health Education and Human Services Committee from Wednesday to Tuesday .
Another measure passed by the council requests approximately $ 1.8 million in supplemental funding from the UUFB for stipends to members of district grazing committees , farm boards and the Eastern Navajo Land Board .
Noel Lyn Smith covers the Navajo Nation for The Daily Times . She can be reached at 505-564-4636 .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.daily-times.com/story/news/local/navajo-nation/2016/01/26/navajo-lawmakers-adjust-veterans-department/79331976/
DeNA Co. , best known as a mobile video game maker , said on Thursday it will launch a driverless bus service at a park in Chiba Prefecture from next month .
The Tokyo-based firm said it has partnered with EasyMile S.A. , a French startup that manufactures self-driving buses .
There are not many firms that can provide “ completely driverless vehicles that can be used for actual services , ” said Hiroshi Nakajima , who heads DeNA 's automotive business , explaining why his company chose to partner with EasyMile .
DeNA 's new service will employ the company 's EZ10 bus , an electric vehicle that can accommodate 12 people .
The limited-time service , dubbed Robot Shuttle , will begin on a yet-to-be-determined date in August inside the 21,000 sq.-meter Toyosuna Park in Chiba 's Makuhari district , adjacent to vast Aeon shopping complex .
The exact details are still being discussed with Aeon , which jointly oversees the park with the city of Chiba .
After experience and know-how are accumulated , Nakajima said he hopes to extend the service area to the entire Aeon complex , making it easier to get around the mega mall .
He said the technology can be used to facilitate movement in factories , amusement parks , universities and other such facilities .
DeNA announced its move into the automotive business last year as the auto industry undergoes drastic changes due to new technologies such as autonomous driving .
The company is also planning to launch a self-driving taxi service in coming years .
Nakajima said the bus service will be targeted at private facilities such as the Aeon shopping complex , while its taxis will ply the nation 's roads . Currently , under Japanese law , self-driving cars need a driver on hand to operate on public roads .
Safety is of prime concern at the moment following the first reported death involving a self-driving car in Florida .
In that recent incident in Florida , the driver of an all-electric Tesla Model S who was using its Autopilot feature died after hitting a truck that turned in front of it . Nakajima said he can not comment on the Tesla case because he only learned of the incident through media reports . But he emphasized that DeNA understands the importance of safety , and said it is running its business based on the principle that “ fatal accidents are not acceptable at any chance . ”
Developers of self-driving technology including Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. say that since most car accidents are the result of human error , making self-driving cars will reduce the number of accidents .
Rupert Read , the Green Party Parliamentary Candidate for Cambridge , has come under fire tonight for questioning the use of the word ‘ cis ' in an inflammatory tweet .
The term ‘ cis ' is generally defined as the opposite of transgender , someone who is cisgender has a gender identity that agrees with their societally recognized sex . Many transgender people prefer `` cisgender '' to `` biological '' , `` genetic '' , or `` real '' male or female because of the implications of those words .
Dr Read , however , queried the use of this term .
The controversial tweet has set Twitter alight , with numerous angry responses from Cambridge students .
Former President of the Cambridge Union Society Tim Squirrell ( @ timsquirrell ) replied :
And the debate turned ever uglier later in the evening as one Twitter user told Dr Read to “ go fuck [ him ] self ” .
CUSU Women 's Officer Amelia Horgan commented to The Cambridge Student : `` 'Cis ' is a really neutral term simply meaning ‘ not trans ' . People were similarly ‘ offended ' when queer activists started using heterosexual or straight to mean ‘ not gay ' . To see a local MP candidate refusing to use the term , and claiming that rejecting it is somehow a valid feminist position , is deeply worrying .
“ Nearly half of trans people under 26 have attempted suicide , and trans people face huge amount of discrimination , violence and hate crime . In this context , Rupert Read 's refusal to use the word ‘ cis ' is more than just a linguistic quibble . ”
CUSU LGBT+ President , Brendan Mahon , commented to TCS : `` CUSU LGBT+ deplores transphobia wherever it occurs . We are disappointed that this candidate should see fit to hold and air such views . That he hopes to run for election as this city 's representitave in parliament is even more alarming .
`` We hope that he reconsiders them and emerges as a strong ally for the trans community . ''
Dr Read later defended his position on Twitter :
The comments come after James Mackenzie ( @ mrjamesmack ) called on Dr Read to clarify an earlier tweet , in which Mr Read used the word 'moron ' .
Later , Em Travis ( @ emt_rex ) Comment Editor for Get Real – the termly LGBT+ Cambridge publication – tweeted : `` I was voting Green . I 'm not anymore . I 'm not voting for an ableist transphobe . ''
In response to the backlash on Twitter , Dr Read commented exclusively to The Cambridge Student :
“ For clarification , do read my entire article on the Burchill affair at 'talking philosophy ' , and the entire comments thread . Then , unlike the people utterly distorting my politics and repeatedly telling me to 'go fuck ' myself on Twitter tonight , you will hopefully understand my stance on this complex matter . The feminists I am referring to include Bea Campbell , Julie Bindel , Suzanne Moore , and many lesser-known feminists who are in some cases frightened to speak out because of the abuse they experience when they do . ”
UPDATE : On 22 January Dr. Rupert Read issued a public apology , again on Twitter .
In a following tweet he stated that he would stay off Twitter for a while in order to avoid causing further offence through such a limited medium . There was also a promise that a full statement of clarification and apology would be released in due course .
LA , DC , SF , Boston ? U.S . Pick For Olympic Host May Come Thursday
Officials in San Francisco , Los Angeles , Boston and Washington have been awaiting a decision from the U.S. Olympic Committee on which of the four will be the American entry to host the 2024 Summer Olympics . Their wait may come to an end this week .
The U.S. Olympic Committee announced today that its board of directors will meet to discuss the four cities ' bids Thursday at Denver International Airport — and then possibly travel to the winning city to hold a news conference , if it makes a final choice , as many expect . The USOC had narrowed its list down to the four finalists in June .
Here 's how the gambling website Bovada ranked the contenders , back in December , according to CBS San Francisco :
Los Angeles – 1:1 odds
Boston – 2:1 odds
San Francisco – 4:1 odds
Washington – 7:1 odds
NPR 's Howard Berkes reports that this is considered the best opportunity for the U.S. since Salt Lake City was named host of the 2002 Winter Olympics . Still , he reports , an American bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic games will have stiff competition , including Rome , a yet-to-be-named German city , and possibly Paris or South Africa . IOC members like to take `` Olympism , '' as they call it , to new places , and Africa never has hosted an Olympics .
Rio de Janeiro : Joao Maia is one of many talented photographers covering the Rio Paralympics , but with a twist : he ca n't see what he shoots .
`` You do n't need to see to take photographs . My eyes are in my heart , '' he said at the Engenhao athletics stadium .
Somehow the blind photographer pulls off what might seem like an impossible task . His pictures have magazine quality , seemingly taken by a normally sighted professional .
For example , there 's his shot of the world recording setting long jump by French athlete Marie-Amelie Le Fur : it captures her expression as she falls and the sand arcs up perfectly around her .
Maia , 41 , lost his sight when he was 28 after suffering uveitis , an inflation of the eye . It took a year , but finally he was left unable to see anything more than shapes and some colors when he is close enough .
Working as a postman in São Paulo , Maia learned to use a cane and took classes in Braille . He also began to become interested in photography .
`` Photography is about sensitivity . I think it 's marvelous to be able to show how I perceive the world , how I see it , sense it , '' he said .
Borrowed eyes
With a camera in one hand and cane in the other , Joao joined the sports photographers on the tribune at the Paralympic stadium this week .
He 'd go practice in sports photography during the warm-up events staged over the last year for the Rio Olympics , where the small crowds were perfect for allowing him to concentrate on using his sense of hearing .
His first thought was to photograph the track races , but he found the scale and distances too hard .
`` When I am close enough I feel the runners ' heartbeats , their steps , '' he said , `` and then I 'm ready to take the picture . But with noise and distance I find it difficult . ''
Although he started with a traditional camera when he first became serious in 2008 , he now uses the latest generation smartphone , which he says has excellent focusing .
Helping him are the people he calls his borrowed `` eyes '' -- Leonardo Eroico and Ricardo Rojas , whose Mobgrafia initiative promotes art photography using cellphones . Maia and another photographer , who is confined to a wheelchair , are documenting the Paralympics with their encouragement .
`` Without them I could do nothing . They help me with the editing , which I could never do , and they put my pictures up on social networks , '' he said . The blind photographer 's Instagram account @ joaomaiafotografo now has some 1,800 followers .
Intimacy
Maia turned away from the track shots and found satisfaction instead at the long jump pit , where the small dimensions and close-up dramas are perfect . But he is always trying to improve .
`` This is good . They 're raking the sand , right ? '' he asks , listening carefully . `` Have I got the zoom right ? ... Tell me when they start to run so that I am ready . ''
Then as the athletes come flying in , he takes striking picture after picture .
One gets Le Fur wrapped in a French flag , with just her prosthetic leg emerging . Another shows Dutch athlete Marlene van Gansewinkel and Britain 's Stefanie Reid talking while waiting for the end of the event .
`` It 's not just action I want to capture but the intimacy , '' he says .
Maia once tried to get into Paralympic sport himself , but found the athletic level too high .
Now , living on his pension from the post office , he says sport is truly `` everything for me and now I follow it with a camera . ''
Next up , he hopes : the 2020 Paralympic Games in Tokyo . `` At least this is a dream , '' he says .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
In today 's batch of bizarre celebrity lawsuits , a prisoner in California is suing some of the biggest names in pop music for more than $ 2 billion .
As first reported by Re-Tox , an inmate named Richard Dupree filed a $ 2.4 billion lawsuit against Beyonce , Jay-Z , Kanye West , Rihanna and Chris Brown , claiming the stars stole song lyrics he had been writing while incarcerated .
Dupree filed the lawsuit in California 's Eastern District Court on April 21 , and believes Beyonce and Jay-Z worked with the CIA , FBI and Homeland Security , among other agencies , to spy on him and obtain his lyrics . He believes Chris Brown , Kanye West and Rihanna were co-conspirators in the crime and that the gang of pop stars stole 3,000 songs from him .
This should be fun for everyone involved .
MAYFIELD VILLAGEOfficers responded to the parking lot at the Civic Center Dec. 24 for a report of an elderly man that seemed disoriented and was throwing his hands up and wandering back and forth . They determined the man was just taking a walk and waving his arms for extra cardio .
Suspicious vehicle , Wildwood Trail :
A woman said at 11:38 p.m. Dec. 22 someone in an SUV followed her home and blinked their lights at her when she arrived . Officers were unable to locate the suspected vehicle .
Disturbance , SOM Center Road :
An employee of Ken 's Auto reported Dec. 24 a man was giving him a hard time for an unspecified reason . Responding officers helped escort the man from the property .
Departmental information , Meadowood Drive :
A man said Dec. 24 he was outside speaking to his neighbors when a female drove past and made an obscene hand gesture toward them . He said the female has a history on record with the police and he wanted the incident logged .
Suspicious person , Wilson Mills Road :
An employee from a doctor 's office said Dec. 26 there were three people in the office that smelled of marijuana . Officers were unable to locate the man and two women before they left the area .
Juvenile complaint , Wilson Mills Road :
Officers spoke with two boys who were riding dirt bikes Dec. 27 in the Mayfield High School parking lot and explained the laws to them regarding the use of dirt bikes in the village .
See more Mayfield Village news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest .
Each week we will take an in-depth look at one young member of the organization , while providing an overview on performances over the last seven days of players below the NHL level . This includes players at the junior ( CHL , USHL , etc . ) and collegiate ( NCAA ) levels , as well as professional ( AHL , ECHL ) ranks .
Standout Player : Noah Juulsen
Juulsen played in both games for Team WHL in the Canada-Russia Series , and after finishing without a point and a -1 on Monday , had an excellent performance Tuesday .
Juulsen scored the go-ahead goal ( and eventual game-winner ) early in the third , taking a feed from Arizona prospect Nick Merkley and one-timing it past Anton Krasotkin . The defenceman was on the ice for all four Team WHL goals .
Juulsen picked up his remarkable season for the Everett Silvertips after the two-game set . First he notched two assists in a 2-1 win over Portland on Friday night . Then in a 3-2 loss on Saturday , he scored his seventh of the season in only his fifteenth game . He tallied seven in 63 games all of last season .
# Habs Noah Juulsen just sniped his 7th goal of the season . That ties his total from last season in 48 fewer games . 15P in 15GP . pic.twitter.com/ZCwMH08ZMK — Mitch Brown ( @ MitchLBrown ) November 13 , 2016
Performances from November 7 - 13 , 2016
CHL
Mikhail Sergachev was held without a point in two games for Windsor , as well as in a Russia-Team OHL series game . Sergachev is playing a similar game to what all saw in Montreal ; at this stage , he has a somewhat risky but high-reward style where his flashy skill has you drooling at his potential , and likely outweighs the occasional error that occurs in his game .
Jeremiah Addison , on the other hand , did n't have a quiet game for Windsor on Sunday . After setting up a Sean Day tally late in the first period , Addison would score his ninth of the year to give the Spits a 3-1 lead before the end of the second . Peterborough drew even in the third , but Addison tallied his second of the night with just 1:39 remaining to give Windsor the win and move them back into first in the OHL 's West Division . The 20-year-old was named the game 's first star .
Matt Bradley kept his strong start to the year going in his only game , scoring to put Medicine Hat up 3-2 early in the third . Bradley later added his eighth of the season into an empty net to seal the victory . His 21 points in 19 games rank third among Tigers skaters , with the talented squad off to a 13-5-1 mark .
Will Bite got rewarded for some of his typical hard work , notching an assist in each of the Bulldogs ' contests . In addition , he represented Team OHL in the Canada-Russia Series Thursday night . Despite being held off the scoresheet in a 4-3 loss , he was noticeable with his hard-nosed forechecking game .
Victor Mete scored his seventh of the season Friday in a 7-0 London romp , putting him just one off his career high . The following night , he assisted on an Alex Formenton tally that put the Knights up 3-1 , which gave him 18 points through 18 games , ranking third among all OHL defencemen .
What . A . Goal . # Habs Victor Mete explodes through three defenders and undresses Helvig . Tops it off by going top shelf . pic.twitter.com/izHAbkueqb — Mitch Brown ( @ MitchLBrown ) November 12 , 2016
Michael Pezzetta picked up his first assist of the season on a Dmitry Sokolov goal in the second period Saturday , but it was n't enough as Sudbury lost 3-1 . Pezzetta did his part , going 13/19 on the faceoff dot in addition to the point , but won only 50 % of his draws the following night in a 4-2 loss to Oshawa .
Simon Bourque had a productive weekend after a quiet night in a 6-3 loss on Wednesday ( finishing -2 ) . Bourque 's power-play goal on Friday put Rimouski up 2-0 , with the Oceanic eventually winning 3-2 . Then in a 6-3 win over Quebec Saturday , Bourque set-up the game 's opening goal .
NCAA
Nikolas Koberstein took what could have been a costly penalty Friday , putting his team short-handed after they 'd pulled within one from down 3-0 , but a strong kill kept it closer until Alaska did manage to tie the game , with the game ending knotted at 3 . The Nanooks prevailed 3-1 over UAH on Saturday , with Koberstein finishing with a shot and a +1 rating ( on the ice for Alaska 's first goal ) .
Casey Staum was in the Dubuque starting lineup Friday night , paired with undrafted 20-year-old Jeff Baum . Staum was held pointless , finishing a -1 in a 3-2 victory .
Colin Sullivan had the rare privilege of playing both Miami games on the weekend . The 6 ' 1 '' 23-year-old was a +1 on Friday , though his Redhawks were unable to hold a 4-1 lead taken midway through the second stanza , surrendering four third-period goals in a 6-4 loss . On Saturday , Sullivan was in the penalty box early in the first when Omaha opened the scoring , with the visitors ultimately topping Miami by a 6-2 margin .
Jake Evans had a big night Saturday as his unit with Andrew Oglevie ( undrafted 21-year-old ) and Cam Morrison ( Colorado Avalanche 2016 second-round pick ) paced Notre Dame to a 5-2 victory over Northeastern . Evans finished the night with a goal and two helpers , his marker standing as the insurance goal that put the Fighting Irish up 4-2 with just over six minutes to play . The rematch between the two teams on Sunday was postponed due to ice conditions after 40 minutes of scoreless hockey had been played .
AHL/ECHL
Nikita Scherbak stayed hot despite a pair of losses for the IceCaps this weekend , the only true Hab `` prospect '' to register more than one point ( others being Chris Terry and Mark Barberio ) . His goal tied Saturday 's game at one in the second period , and it seemed to open the floodgates , as Mike McCarron would later notch his second of the season before Scherbak again set up Mark Barberio to , at the time , give his side a 3-1 advantage . Unfortunately , it was n't enough as Albany pulled back within one late in the frame , and added two in the third to take it 4-3 .
Scherbak 's goal was his seventh of the season ( T-3rd in the league ) , putting him just one back of Charles Hudon 's eight ( T-1st in the league ) for the team lead .
Nikita Scherbak makes it 1-1 . Pushed Andrew MacWilliam ( a strong player ) off the puck followed by a quick , sneaky shot . pic.twitter.com/vDUsNoH2YC — Mitch Brown ( @ MitchLBrown ) November 12 , 2016
Stefan Matteau also maintained a hot hand this week , as a goal Friday gives him four in his past five outings .
For more on the IceCaps play this weekend , check out the EOTP AHL Hub .
Goaltenders
Charlie Lindgren continues to look like a legitimate NHL prospect , sparkling between the pipes even without being able to get the IceCaps a win on Friday . Lindgren stopped 30 of 32 Springfield shots ( while St. John 's fired only 21 on the night ) , but the baby Habs could n't muster much in the way of offence , only spoiling a Reto Berra shutout bid once the Falcons had scored an empty-netter to take a 3-0 lead .
Michael McNiven had a tougher week , getting pulled early on Tuesday night after allowing two goals on the first three shots he faced . He was better on Saturday , stopping 24 of the 26 shots sent his direction , but coming out on the losing side of a 2-1 overtime decision to the Ottawa 67 's .
Zachary Fucale is still struggling to find consistency in his game playing in the ECHL . In picking up his second win of the season Friday , Fucale allowed two goals on 19 shots , before giving up four goals on 26 shots Sunday in a loss . Some goalies take far long to develop than others , but at this stage , it 's likely Fucale will have moved on to another organization before he finds his game — if he ever will .
Hayden Hawkey and the Providence Friars had the week off , but will be back in action next weekend .
When was the last time you saw a bumble bee ? These magnificent yellow and black critters are supposed to fly from plant to plant , pollinating them and allowing these flowers to grow into fruitful crops ; but , something has happened . The bees are slowly disappearing — and with them the world 's hope of becoming sustainable .
Broccoli , cantaloupes , cucumbers , pumpkins , blueberries , watermelons , almonds , apples , and cherries are few of many fruits and vegetables that rely on bee pollination to grow . When bees drink nectar from a flower , they brush against the stamens ( the male reproductive organ of a flower ) and pollen sticks to the hairs on the bee 's body . The bee then transfers the pollen to the stigma ( female reproductive organ ) of the next flower it visits and fertilization occurs , which creates a fruit with seeds .
Unfortunately , bee populations have been decimated due to genetically modified crops and increased amounts of pesticides used on foods . According to Honeylove , an American urban beekeeper 's non-profit , there were over five million bee colonies after WWII . There are less than half that amount today .
There is also a common misconception that the honey industry actually helps the bees , but this is not the case . Instead , large commercial honey brands use corn syrup to feed the bees instead of letting them keep their honey , and it results in sick colonies that have a lower rate of survival . Honey is also an essential food source for bees to survive in the wintertime and replacing this vital resource with a sugar substitute like corn syrup does not provide bees with nutrients and vitamins they need to pollinate properly . Instead , there are rising occurrences of bee colonies dying off entirely from a corn syrup diet because it lacks the enzymes and nutrients found in honey . If society leaves the bees in their current situation , the insect may go extinct and many of our essential foods will die off permanently with them .
So , what can people do about it ? First of all , try planting some bee-friendly plants , vegetables , and fruits in your garden . Bee populations vary depending on their region , and the best way to ensure bees flourish is to plant native plants . Bees thrive with open native blooms where they can access the nectar and carry pollen easily from flower to flower .
Second of all , build and hang a bee hotel near the garden . Simply nail together a box with one open side , and fill with blocks of wood or logs that have small holes drilled into them . This provides tunnels for the bees to nest in and wind-protection on the other side . Join a local beekeeper 's group to learn more about bees in your particular region .
Ontario 's ecosystem really does depend on the buzzing creatures — with the world claiming a sustainable future , let 's not forget about these small and easily ignored insects . Not many people enjoy having a buzzing sound in their ear , but without it , the world is so much bleaker .
When was the last time you saw a bee ? Let us know in the comments below !
MMOBomb has partnered up with Dream Reactor for a special Spellweaver key giveaway . Each key gives 100,000 in game Gold and is worth around $ 15 in real life money . To get your code key you just need to click on the button below . Get your key now while supplies last !
Your browser does not support iframes . For having access to this giveaway you need to enable them .
Spellweaver is a free-to-play digital card game true to the classics of the genre , adding in several unique features for a new and fresh gameplay experience . With a focus of strategic depth and variety , it offers endless hours of fun in casual or AI matches , ranked play , drafts , and tournaments !
How to get and use your Key :
Please read and follow the instructions bellow :
1 . Log in to your MMOBomb account . If you do n't have one , register for free HERE .
2 . Click on the big yellow button at the top . Copy and paste your key to a safe place as you may not be able to retrieve it once closing
your browser .
3 . Create a Spellweaver account on the official website .
4 . Once in game , click the “ Redeem Key ” button on the Main Menu .
5 . Enter your key . Each Account can only redeem 1 key and keys themselves can only be redeemed once .
6 . Make sure you never miss a giveaway , follow our updates via Facebook ,
Twitter !
7 . Enjoy the game ! Have Fun !
Share if you like this giveaway ! Share if you like this giveaway !
[ easy-share buttons= ” facebook , twitter , google , reddit ” counters=1
hide_names= ” yes ” message= ” yes ” counter_pos= ” inside ” native= ” no ”
total_counter_pos= ” rightbig ” template= ” metro ” ] [ easy-share buttons= ” facebook , twitter , google , reddit ” counters=1hide_names= ” yes ” message= ” yes ” counter_pos= ” inside ” native= ” no ” total_counter_pos= ” rightbig ” template= ” metro ” ]
This code contains the following items :
⦁ 100 000 in game Gold , worth around $ 15 real life money
Note :
1 . Each account can only claim 1 code for each Gift Pack .
2 . Each code can only be used once .
Gameplay Video :
Need Help ?
Having problems with your key ? Please visit our help center HERE .
[ otw_is sidebar=otw-sidebar-1 ]
On Wednesday , Weill called for breaking up conjoined firms , joining a long list of critics across the political spectrum who have become frustrated with financial reform .
Photo by KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images
Sanford Weill is the last person you 'd expect to champion the reinstatement of Glass-Steagall . After all , Citigroup was not just his creation - the banking behemoth killed off the Depression-era legislation that kept investment and commercial banking separate . But on Wednesday he called for breaking up such conjoined firms , joining a long list of critics across the political spectrum who have become frustrated with financial reform .
In his interview on CNBC , Weill complained that the combination of the Dodd-Frank Act 's tangle of regulation and populist outrage at big banks has hobbled the industry . His suggestion : hive off investment banking . This is rich coming from the man who hung a portrait with the words “ The Shatterer of Glass-Steagall ” in his office . Nor did he shoulder any of the blame for creating a mega-bank that stumbled from crisis to crisis before sucking down a $ 45 billion taxpayer bailout .
Such chutzpah may make his message easy to dismiss . But the point has been resonating for a while across the political spectrum . For critics like Paul Krugman , smaller financial institutions would wield far less political influence . Others lament that the financial reforms of the Dodd-Frank Act do n't do enough to protect the financial system from another calamity . Meanwhile , some conservatives are starting to think that a more radical split might be preferable to the mess of new regulations coming down the pike , such as the Volcker Rule .
Revoking Glass-Steagall may not have caused the financial crisis . After all , the rot started with specialist mortgage firms like New Century . And commercial lenders like Countrywide and Washington Mutual failed as well as pure investment banks Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers . But nixing it did help create monstrously large institutions that appear impossible to regulate , manage and , in recent years , value .
Breaking up banks wo n't be easy . There 's the question of funding standalone investment banks and disentangling the wiring that fuses complex operations together , just for starters . But comments from a convert like Weill , as ironic as they may be , give the break-up-the banks rallying cry more bite .
Read more at Reuters Breakingviews .
Photo : Venturelli/Getty Images
This should be a spectacular spectacular : Director Baz Luhrmann 's first TV show , a musical drama set in the 1970s New York City called The Get Down , is headed to Netflix . Vulture broke the news about the project back in December 2013 , when Sony Pictures Television was shopping it around to multiple networks ( though Netflix was always seen as the front-runner to land the show ) . The streaming giant now says it has ordered 13 episodes of the series and plans to premiere them all in 2016 .
The Get Down will explore the dawn of the hip-hop era in NYC , focusing on what a Netflix release calls “ a rag-tag crew of South Bronx teenagers [ who ] are nothings and nobodies with no one to shelter them — except each other , armed only with verbal games , improvised dance steps , some magic markers and spray cans. ” The show , set at a time when the city was veering toward financial disaster , will jump around different scenes and musical styles — “ from CBGBs to Studio 54 , ” as Netflix puts it . The Get Down is “ a project I have been contemplating and working on now for over 10 years , ” Luhrmann said in a release . “ Throughout , I 've been obsessed with the idea of how a city in its lowest moment , forgotten and half destroyed , could give birth to such creativity and originality in music , art and culture . ”
Luhrmann wo n't just be lending his name to The Get Down as executive producer : He 's set to direct at least three episodes ( the first two and the season finale ) , and he 's bringing along collaborator ( and Oscar winner ) Catherine Martin to serve as costume and production designer for the show ( as well as exec producer ) . Other exec producers/writers on the project include Paul Watters ( Lurhmann 's Australia ) , Thomas Kelly ( Copper ) , and the previously reported Stephen Adly Guirgis ( Motherfucker With the Hat ) , Shawn Ryan , and Marney Hochman ( The Shield ) . The Get Down is the biggest project to emerge from a TV deal Luhrmann struck with Sony back in 2012 . It 's also yet another example of streaming networks such as Netflix landing top feature-film names to do TV . Amazon recently struck a deal to develop a TV show with director Woody Allen ( though Netflix 's agreement with Luhrmann was in place long before the Amazon project was revealed ) .
Two months after the sequester hit , the Department of Interior continues to warn of coast-to-coast cuts for the country 's national parks -- and even the partial shutdown of a critical flood warning system .
But Sen. Tom Coburn says there 's `` no shortage of potential savings , '' pointing out that the department is nevertheless spending millions on newly created monuments and landmarks .
The Oklahoma Republican , who has been hounding federal agencies for weeks about questionable spending under the cloud of sequester , aired his grievances with the Interior Department in a letter to Secretary Sally Jewell Tuesday .
`` It makes little sense to expand the number of sites at the same time the budget of every other park is being cut and visitors are being turned away from visiting the White House , '' Coburn wrote .
Coburn pointedly questioned department efforts to name new sites and expand others -- decisions that will contribute to the department 's annual costs . Coburn said the National Park Service has designated 13 new historic landmarks and three new monuments since the sequester hit March 1 . One of those landmarks , he noted , is a whiskey distillery -- the George T. Stagg Distillery in Kentucky . Other newly created landmarks include the Connecticut home of abolitionist Harriet Beecher Stowe , the historic bridge crossed by civil rights marchers in Selma , Ala. , and an artists ' retreat in Saratoga Springs , N.Y .
Coburn also said the NPS is trying to acquire new land elsewhere for existing parks , and urged the department to `` cease '' until normal access to U.S. parks has been restored .
Coburn also questioned whether the department needed to be spending money on drone surveillance of animal populations ranging from sheep in Nevada to pygmy rabbits in Idaho . Coburn cited several population counts that are expected to be conducted later this year .
Despite these expenses , the Associated Press reported in late April that the U.S. Geological Survey -- which is part of the Interior Department -- was preparing to shut down more than 100 gauges that warn about possible flooding or water shortages .
Plus department officials have repeatedly discussed the impact on national parks . NPS Director Jonathan Jarvis testified last month that the sequester would lead to `` delayed road openings , reduced hours of operation for programs and services and fewer programs and patrols . ''
In response to Coburn 's letter , Interior spokesman Blake Androff said the department can not move money around so easily .
`` Sequestration requires an across-the-board cut to all programs and accounts and does not allow the flexibility to rob Peter to pay Paul , '' he said . `` The Department of the Interior has already taken aggressive steps to reduce spending across the agency and will continue to look for innovative ways to cut costs while preserving our mission essential activities . ''
Roughly half the department budget pays staff , which is far more than at other agencies . The department argues that the sequester cuts , then , have a significant impact on services -- seasonal hiring , for instance , had to be drastically cut back , which impacts programs at national parks .
Federal agencies have each responded differently to the sequester . The Federal Aviation Administration rattled lawmakers after it furloughed air traffic controllers , leading to delays at major U.S. airports . Congress , though , intervened by allowing the FAA to move money around , in turn canceling those furloughs .
The private business community also has stepped in . At Yellowstone National Park , two cities stepped up when the National Park Service decided to save money by plowing snow two weeks later than usual . This would have delayed the clearing of four park gates well past the typical May 1 opening , so city officials held a fundraiser and collected enough money to pay the state to clear the roads , ensuring the gates will be open on time .
Coburn cited this as a positive example in his letter , and urged the department to find more savings .
`` I believe the Department can continue to maintain this same level access even under sequestration , '' he wrote . `` To accomplish this , the Department must prioritize its core mission , eliminate unnecessary , wasteful , and duplicative programs , and find innovative ways to do more with less . ''
The PBE has been updated ! We have new splash art for , and , as well as a new login screen , 19 new LCS Summoner icons for 2015 season , and more ! Continue reading for more information !
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers ! Manage your expectations accordingly . )
Table of Contents
New Splash Art
New Splash Art
As we near the end of the current PBE cycle , today 's update includes several new splash arts for content we 've seen in production during the earlier patches !
First up is a new base art for Alistar to go along with his visual updates !
Alistar
Alistar 's visual updates ! Check out our earlier PBE coverage for a look atvisual updates !
Challenger Ahri
El Tigre Braum
New Season 2015 Login
New Summoner Icons
blue
red
Misc
We also have the splash arts for our two new skins this cycle -andCheck out our earlier PBE coverage for a better look atCheck out our earlier PBE coverage for a better look atWe also have a new new login screen to celebrate the 2015 season ! Here 's the static image : Got feedback ? Toss @ RiotVe1vet a tweet ! We also have 19 new LCS team summoner icons , one for each team except formerly Curse Academy ) .LCS teams have aback ground whileLCS teams have aback ground.These are what the icons currently look like on the loading screen and on your profile . The shop images have a slight variation to the Cloud9 logo 's new icons are now hooked up in-game.The `` '' files mentioned in the 1/7 PBE update have been removed.Miss out on previous updates from this PBE cycle ? Check outfor acatch up with the links below !
Image caption Intel 's Oak Trail uses a 45nm manufacturing process
Intel has formally launched its Oak Trail processor , designed for use in tablet computers .
The new microchip is smaller and uses less power than other models in its Atom range .
Despite being the world 's largest manufacturer of microprocessors , Intel has been largely pushed out of the growing tablet market .
Until now , most devices have used chips designed by Apple and Cambridge-based Arm Holdings .
Announcing Oak Trail 's retail name - the Z670 - Intel conceded that it was currently lagging behind the competition .
`` You wo n't find a lot of Intel based tablets on the shelves at the moment , '' said Kevin O'Donovan , marketing manager for notebooks and tablets .
However , he insisted that the company now had a competitive product .
`` 2011 is about becoming relevant , '' he said .
Multiple platforms
One of Oak Trail 's biggest selling points is likely to be its ability to run a number of different tablet operating systems .
Windows 7 , Android , MeeGo and Google 's upcoming OS will all work on the Intel platform .
Currently , chipsets based on Arm 's designs , such as Nvidia 's popular Tegra processors , are unable to run Windows .
However , Microsoft recently announced that it would support Arm processors for the next release of its operating system , expected in early 2012 .
At least one tablet manufacturer had postponed the launch of their Windows device until Oak Trail became available .
Some observers believe that Intel may struggle to get into the game .
`` I think they have got some serious challenges , '' said Gartner research director Michael Gartenberg .
`` They continue to beat the drum of performance , but in reality , I do n't think there are a lot of people running around complaining about how slow their tablets are .
`` They seem to be quite happy with the Arm architecture . ''
Tech specs
Oak Trail / Z670 processors use Intel 's 45nm production process .
The figure is a measure of circuit track density and broadly relates to processing power and energy consumption .
Current high-end microprocessors use 32nm production , however the technology is largely limited to laptop and desktop computers .
As well as the main processor , the new system includes a second chip , the SM35 , to handle various input and output functions such as USB and audio .
The first tablets to use Oak Trail technology are expected to hit the market around May .
Pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday regarding Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's complaints about President Trump 's expectations for a Republican Congress and the president 's tough talk on North Korea .
“ You 're dealing with an insane man , or kid , in North Korea , ” said Caddell , adding he is “ not so sure ” President Trump 's rhetoric was out of line in trying to make Kim Jong-un understand .
“ I 've listened to the moaning and the groaning ” about Trump 's rhetoric , added Caddell , “ but he got a message , and now Mattis has followed up . They need to understand the consequences . It does n't mean [ Trump ] wants nuclear war . ”
Caddell went on to say , “ The answer is , we 've had failed negotiations with North Korea since we had Clinton , Bush , and Obama . And the Clinton one was a particular joke because Wendy Sherman , the architect of the sell-out to Iran , was the woman who negotiated the deal that President Clinton told us was going to solve everything ; it was a wonderful arrangement . And the North Koreans just blew right through it . ”
As for issues with Congress , Caddell said , “ The McConnell stuff , I found just amazing . I mean , McConnell 's talk the other day , so condescending to the president . ”
“ What does he think we do here ? Well , I do n't know , do you ? ” said Caddell , mimicking McConnell .
“ I have no idea what these people do there , ” he added .
Caddell also blasted Republicans in Congress for not having a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare on day one , saying they were caught off guard because they did not think Trump would win and have often been oppositional to him .
Said Caddell , “ Look at what the Senate did . It did n't even recess so he could appoint recess appointments . That 's what the Democrats would have done . All these positions he ca n't move through the Senate , he could have appointed them the day they recessed . But they made sure he could n't . They stayed in session , technically . ”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern .
LISTEN :
Far-right commentators and Israel supporters rejoiced last week when it was announced that the Rolling Stones would play two concerts in Israel—the first to celebrate Israel 's Independence Day , and the second to spite the BDS movement .
Except it was n't true .
On February 24 , for the Purim holiday , The Jewish Press published a hoax entitled “ Defying Boycotts , Jagger , Stones , to Honor Israel 's 65th Birthday. ” According to the fabricated story , the Rolling Stones had scheduled a concert in Jerusalem to honor Israeli Independence Day on Monday , April 15 . After being “ slammed and smacked and twittered a lot by the anti-Israeli side , ” said Mick Jagger supposedly , the band “ decided to add a concert on Tuesday ” in response .
The article then cited Rabbi Lynn Gottlieb , a known proponent of BDS , as saying , “ This is a huge mistake for the Stones…They stand to lose a lot of money as a result of showing solidarity with Zionism , because their most devoted fans also support boycotting Israel . ”
Accompanying the story was a Photoshopped image of the band with Keith Richards holding the Israeli seal .
The article concluded with the following line :
This has been a Purim prank…
Nevertheless the story spread across right-wing outlets as fact . It was reported in Joshuapundit by right-wing commentator Robert Miller , who summarized the story under the headline “ Rolling Stones To Israel haters : ‘ Up Yours . ' ”
From there , it made its way to Pamela Geller 's Atlas Shrugs on February 26 , under the headline :
ROLLING STONES TELL JEW-HATERS TO KISS THEIR …… . ADDS ANOTHER DATE TO ISRAEL TOUR ON ISRAEL INDEPENDENCE DAY
Geller excerpted a portion of Miller 's posting , and added her own commentary :
It is so delicious to see very cool people standing against savagery , thuggery and injustice . I 'd [ sic ] wish I could get to Jerusalem just to see this show .
Geller 's own story was accompanied by a different Photoshopped image—one that seems to have circulated among French websites—in which Keith Richards is holding an Israeli flag .
Just a few hours after publishing the post , Geller changed the headline to
ROLLING STONES TELL JEW-HATERS TO KISS THEIR ……./NOT !
And she amended her post with a preface :
UPDATE : Alas , this was a good Purim joke . The Jewish Press just just [ sic ] being silly . Will the Stones ever make their maiden voyage to Israel ? Atlas reader George was the first to guess what I was up to here . So many Atlas readers sent this in to me . I put it up without revealing initially that it was a joke to emphasize a simple point : why is a story like this so unheard-of as to be unbelievable ? How has our culture so degenerated as to make it virtually inconceivable that our most renowned entertainers would stand with the only beacon of freedom in the Middle East ? The Rolling Stones and every other big act SHOULD play Israel , and proudly . That they instead condemn Israel along with the rest of the left is a disgrace .
Thus—essentially saying , “ I was testing you ” —Geller pretended to be in on the joke . However , there are several reasons why this is implausible :
1 . Geller acknowledged that it was a Purim joke . But by the time of she had posted her story on February 26 , Purim was already over . It would be like making an April Fool 's joke on April 2 .
2 . Geller did n't quote directly from the original Jewish Press article but instead based her post on Robert Miller 's Joshuapundit article . To this day , Miller appears unaware that the story is a hoax and his post stands uncorrected . There is no indication that Geller had seen the original article in The Jewish Press before she posted .
3 . Despite claiming that she was proving a clever point , Geller later removed the posting from her website and also deleted her tweet referencing it . What 's the point of making a point and then deleting all references to the point ?
So instead , Geller blamed the situation on her readers ( “ So many Atlas readers sent this in to me ” ) , claimed she was conducting a social experiment as a comment on the “ degenerat [ ion ] ” of “ our culture , ” and then pretended that her posting never existed .
Geller : “ Just joshing ! Happy Day After Purim ! ”
And despite initially praising the Rolling Stones as “ very cool people ” and posting a link to the song “ Moves Like Jagger , ” she soon amended her post to denounce the Rolling Stones for “ condemn [ ing ] Israel along with the rest of the left . ”
Unfortunately the story does n't end with Geller . On March 1—five days after the original Jewish Press article was published—JNS.org , a Jewish wire news service , picked up the story . From there , the reliably unreliable Algemeiner printed JNS 's version of the story .
The Algemeiner later deleted their article with no correction or acknowledgment of error , but a tweet referencing the article remains .
By now , the fake Rolling Stones story has a life of its own , with Tea Partiers and Zionists rejoicing in the epic BDS fail that never was , and perhaps some in Israel are anxiously awaiting the arrival of the Stones on Israel Independence Day .
All of this would be funny if not for the fact that The Jewish Press used the Purim excuse to smear Rabbi Lynn Gottlieb in its hoax piece . As a result , where this story has appeared , commenters have attacked Gottlieb with sexist and Islamophobic insults . This is nothing new for Gottlieb , who was recently subjected to a smear campaign by the Republican Jewish Coalition in an attempt to discredit Barack Obama .
In a French-language Israeli website reporting on the fake Rolling Stones story , Rabbi Lynn Gottlieb is described as “ the woman ‘ rabbi , ' pro-Palestinian and pro-Iranian . ”
The story of the runaway Purim story is about how right-wing and Zionist media outlets fool each other into believing what they want to hear . But it 's not limited to Purim and to stories that are explicitly labeled as fake .
Even stories in The Jewish Press that are considered serious are full of lies , such as an investigative report suggesting that the only Jews allowed to attend the recent Brooklyn College BDS event were those from “ Naturie Karta ” [ sic ] :
And the Algemeiner does n't even bother to remove , correct , or update most articles that have been disproven , such as its perpetuation of Chuck Hagel 's “ Friends of Hamas ” connection :
It 's a phenomenon that I have frequently reported on and will surely report on again .
To conclude , I leave you with perhaps the strangest response yet to the fake Rolling Stones anti-BDS story—a video that was posted on the Islamophobic website Bare Naked Islam . It is so gloating in its misinformed triumph that it must be viewed all the way to the end :
President Obama made a commencement speech at West Point on Wednesday that the White House had aggressively billed as a grand articulation of Obama 's foreign policy vision . This was not the first time he had attempted to lay out a foreign policy doctrine , and few expected much more than the usual vague policy mish-mash — when it 's year six of your presidency and you still need to explain your doctrine , it 's not a great sign that you really have one .
So it was a legitimate surprise when Obama articulated a unified , tightly focused vision of America 's role in the world . And while it 's not a vision that will thrill many foreign policy hands , including perhaps some of those in his administration , it is the clearest Obama foreign policy doctrine he 's made in years : no war , no militarism , no adventurism . With the possible exception of Jimmy Carter 's 1977 Notre Dame speech , it may well have been one of the most dovish foreign policy speeches by a sitting US president since Eisenhower .
Even terrorism , obama 's the most hawkish issue , will be fought more dovishly
Obama argued , directly and repeatedly , that the US would have to reduce its use of military force as a tool of foreign policy . Obama argued that the US could not and should not use military force , including even limited actions such as off-shore strikes , except when absolutely necessary to defend `` core interests '' or to `` protect our people , our homeland , or our way of life . ''
That 's a very high bar for the use of military force . Obama did n't just make the point abstractly , going through several major US foreign policy changes to explain why , in each , military force was not and should not be applied .
Obama 's dove doctrine : get involved , but indirectly
Syria was his one big policy announcement : the US will dedicate more resources to `` support Syria 's neighbors '' in hosting refugees and containing the extremist groups spilling out of the conflict . That 's a pretty coldly self-interested calculation , exposing the US to minimum risk and doing the minimum to protect America against immediate terrorist threats . But it 's squarely in line with his articulation of US foreign policy : no military involvement , deal with conflicts indirectly , focus on core American interests .
The case where Obama made his argument for dovishness most tellingly was , interestingly , on terrorism — the foreign policy issue where he has been consistently the most hawkish . No , Obama did not announce he was grounding the drones , but he made a telling case for continuing even this sole hawkish element of his foreign policy in a way that more aligned with dovish principles .
`` The most direct threat to America at home and abroad remains terrorism , '' Obama said , citing this as a reason for the US 's continued interest in Afghanistan and Syria , among other global hot spots . But he said the US should fight terrorism not with direct military action but indirectly . `` I believe we must shift our counter-terrorism strategy - drawing on the successes and shortcomings of our experience in Iraq and Afghanistan - to more effectively partner with countries where terrorist networks seek a foothold , '' he said . `` We need a strategy that matches this diffuse threat ; one that expands our reach without sending forces that stretch our military thin , or stir up local resentments . ''
In other words , the US will continue its global fight against terrorism — the one bullets-and-bombs fight that Obama said necessitated American involvement — but will do it by shifting more to relying on regional governments that share America 's concerns about terrorism . The upside is that this means a lower US military commitment , the downside is that it will continue America 's long and ugly history of working with ( and thus helping to prop up ) despotic regimes .
liberals ' greatest disappointment will be obama 's reliance on despotic foreign governments
Obama 's pledge to cooperate with bad governments because they help us against terrorists may be the single largest point of disappointment for foreign policy liberals . ( Although for many liberal interventionists , maybe including high-ranking administration officials such as Samantha Power , it will be trumped by Obama 's crystal-clear rejection of any US unilateral humanitarian intervention . ) Obama was surprisingly , even jarringly clear in making this point with regards to Egypt , which since its 2011 revolution has backslid into military authoritarianism . `` In Egypt , we acknowledge that our relationship is anchored in security interests , '' he said . `` So we have not cut off cooperation with the new government . ''
Diplomacy and multilateralism would replace military power
Foreign policy conservatives , meanwhile , will be most disappointed by Obama 's insistence that the US will address threats from Syria , Russia , and China by strengthening local allies and international institutions — rather than confronting those threats directly .
Obama touted Ukraine as a proof of concept that his indirect approach works , even in challenging a threat as big and immediate as Russian territorial aggression . `` Because of American leadership , the world immediately condemned Russian actions , '' he said , touting the role of US-bolstered international institutions such as NATO and the European Union in isolating Moscow to such an extent that Russian President Vladimir ultimately had to back down .
He made a similar case that non-military US power — diplomacy , economic sanctions , working through big international coalitions — have pushed Iran to negotiate on its nuclear program . And there 's something to these arguments ; both of these are real successes . So , arguably , was the September 2013 deal to remove Syria 's chemical weapons . But , as hawkish critics are already noting , this strategy puts us more at the mercy of allies and has been far less effective with problems such as Syria .
Obama 's plan comes with a major trade-off
if obama wants his doctrine to outlive his presidency , he will have to prove that it works
This doctrine means less of putting Americans into harms way , less of committing the United States to difficult and far-away conflicts , but it also means accepting some problems and risks as just a fact of life , beyond our ability to fix . As an example , he pointed to the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram as a problem the United States had to admit it could n't solve . `` Tragically , no American security operation can eradicate the threat posed by an extremist group like Boko Haram , '' he said , adding that `` global leadership requires us to see the world as it is , with all its danger and uncertainty . ''
The Obama administration had previewed the speech as staking a middle ground between military adventurism and old-fashioned isolationism , and on the merits Obama did articulate such a foreign policy doctrine , one that replaces military-led foreign policy with multilateral diplomacy and alliance-building .
But , in execution , doing away with militarism and the use of force will be the much easier half of that . It 's relatively easy to not order a cruise-missile strike or troop redeployment . Replacing that hard military power with soft power , and making it work , is a lot harder . Obama 's got two years to prove to the world that he can do it . If he wants to see his superdove foreign policy doctrine survive beyond his time in office , he 'll have to do a lot more with this doctrine than make speeches about it .
By : Alex Shams
NABI SAMUEL ( Ma'an ) -- The tomb of the Biblical prophet Samuel is blessed with a stunning view over Jerusalem from its perch four kilometers north of the Old City .
Long an important lookout , the shrine and the village that grew up around it -- today known simply as `` Nabi Samuel , '' or `` The Prophet Samuel '' -- was even briefly named `` Mount of Joy '' by the Crusaders , as the site provided their first glimpse of the Jerusalem Basin .
But for the Palestinian residents living in Nabi Samuel today , the incredible vista is bittersweet , offering them visual access to a holy landscape that they are forbidden by Israeli authorities from actually visiting .
Trapped by a Jewish-only settlement on one side and the Separation Wall on the other , locals are forced to apply for permits to leave the village and can be sent to jail if they walk too far off the hill in any direction .
While the shrine has become a popular tourist site for Israelis as well as Jews from all over the world , the Palestinians whose lives have long been intertwined with this holy place remain trapped , prisoners in the invisible cage that surrounds them .
( MaanImages/Alex Shams )
The troubles facing Nabi Samuel began in 1967 , when the West Bank was occupied by the Israeli military . Many of the village 's 1,000 residents fled at that time , terrified by reports of Israeli atrocities that had circulated since the 1948 Nakba when Zionist forces expelled 750,000 Palestinians from their homes .
When Israeli authorities decided to expand Jerusalem 's municipal boundaries a few years later , military planners tasked with drawing the new lines insisted on including the strategic site . The annexation came with a catch , however . While the shrine would become Jerusalem , the residents would remain West Bank residents , in keeping with a broader policy of annexing as much land and as few Arabs as possible .
In the early 1970s , Israeli authorities demolished the historic village that used to surround the shrine , leveling home after home in a bid to ensure none of the refugees could return . The few dozen villagers who had remained , meanwhile , were forced to move into a handful of ramshackle homes a little bit further down the hill .
Over the years , residents have watched the shrine that was once the jewel of their hometown turned into a tourist attraction for Israeli Jews , few of whom notice the impoverished collection of houses just on the other side of the parking lot .
For many of the tourists who come , the Palestinians are interlopers and invaders on the Jewish homeland , despite the fact that few Israeli Jews trace their ancestry in the Holy Land back more than a couple of generations .
Israel 's construction of the Separation Barrier around Nabi Samuel has compounded residents ' misery . The village is located in the `` Seam Zone '' on the `` Israeli side '' of the wall .
The United Nations estimates that in total 50,000 Palestinians are stuck in the zone , confined to small enclaves with limited access to their farm lands and neighboring villages .
Because the residents of Nabi Samuel have West Bank identity cards , they are forbidden by Israeli military authorities from leaving the village in any direction without authorization .
Local resident Eid Barakat told Ma'an that the only way in and out of the village is through an Israeli military checkpoint to nearby Bir Nabala , but that villagers could be arrested or fined if they went anywhere without prior authorization .
The Israeli settlement of Ramot , less than two kilometers away and clearly visible from the shrine , is completely off-limits , as is the rest of Israeli-occupied Jerusalem .
Children in the village are required to take a special bus to school in the Palestinian villages on the other side of the checkpoint every single day , but even they are n't allowed to leave without their birth certificates .
Barakat told Ma'an that residents felt increasingly isolated from the rest of the world atop their mountain homes , as the Israeli military refuses to allow other West Bankers to visit them through the checkpoint . As a result , local families are forbidden from inviting friends or relatives to visit .
The isolation faced by Nabi Samuel has also had devastating economic impacts for villagers , as the agricultural goods they make on their own are subject to restrictions at the checkpoint . As a result , locals are forced to run through the forests around the village to bring in chickens or bring out barley .
Barakat told Ma'an that once he was trying to cross with a bag of barley , but when Israeli soldiers caught him he was forced to endure a military court trial .
The revolving doors of the Israeli military court system are a major burden for villagers , as Israeli expropriation of the lands around the shrine has severely limited the amount of agricultural land available to them .
Barakat even said that Israeli soldiers had fined him for trying to plant trees near his home , in the end uprooting them .
It is clear that Israeli authorities are attempting to make life so miserable for locals in Nabi Samuel so as to force them to leave , in the process achieving the expulsion of Palestinians without having to do so directly .
But the villagers are not ready to give up their homes or their land so easily , and despite official pronouncements that there is no village of Nabi Samuel but only a park -- seen by many as a virtual admission by the state that the plan is forcible removal -- there are signs of resilience everywhere .
Eid 's wife Nawal Barakat is the leader of the local Feminist Association of The Prophet Samuel , which works to encourage economic independence and the development of local projects to provide sustenance for residents .
Through a mixture of smuggling in resources and strategically petitioning international aid groups , the association has managed to encourage a minor economic revival .
And villagers have not taken the land expropriations sitting down . As Israeli authorities have repeatedly announced confiscations of agricultural land for `` archaeological digs , '' Eid , Nawal , and their neighbors have set up protest camps beside the shrine and agitated for their rights .
But many villagers are scared of reprisals by the military , and the weekly protests have for the most part ended .
Nabi Samuel is in many ways a microcosm of the multiple aspects of the Israeli occupation -- ideological as well as material -- that work to drive Palestinians off their land .
On the day Ma'an visited the village , a large group of Israeli officers were touring the shrine , which is divided into a Muslim area in the mosque above and a Jewish area around the burial site below .
Authorities have long sought to inculcate Israelis with a belief in their exclusive connection to the land , a strategy pursued specifically through tourism with the aim of getting to “ know the land . ”
Soldiers and tourists alike at the site are not told about the Palestinian village of Nabi Samuel nor of its residents long-standing connection to the area , but are instead offered a history that emphasizes Jewish rights and Jewish rights alone to the area .
This ideological exclusion -- compounded by the military 's confinement and regulation of the Palestinians who have managed to hold on to their homes -- allows Israel to carry out a slow-motion ethnic cleansing with hardly a peep of opposition by Israeli Jews , who are largely either blissfully unaware or supportive of the colonization project .
Eid and Nawal Barakat , meanwhile , as well as the dozens of villagers who remained , are forced to fight for survival on the margins , smuggling animals and crops in a desperate bid to survive in the shadow of a holy site Israeli authorities have turned into a monument of ethno-supremacist exclusion .
As Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) national convener Arvind Kejriwal rolls released farmers ' manifesto today , we bring you live updates of the rally .
Arvind Kejriwal , newly appointed Punjab convener Gurpreet Ghuggi , party 's state affairs in-charge Sanjay Singh and Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann reached the venue at around 2.50pm .
Arvind Kejriwal reaches the venue . ( Parampreet Singh Narula/HT Photo )
Expelled Congress leader Jagmeet Brar honoured Kejriwal . He expressed support to AAP .
Who says what
Arvind Kejriwal
Arvind Kejriwal began his speech by saying , “ Darbar Sahib and Anandpur Sahib will be declared holy cities within two months of coming to power . ”
“ He said the party will confiscate the properties of corrupt ministers and use it for state 's development . Kejriwal named Tota Singh , Partap Singh Kairon , Bikram Singh Majithia and Sukhbir Badal and said he will jail them and seize their property. ” He dared Majithia to put him behind bars within these four months or else he will arrest Majithia soon after winning the elections .
Kejriwal said , “ Captain Amarinder is an advocate of Bikram Majithia . ”
He said , “ We will take buses from Badals and hand them over to the unemployed youth . All false drug cases will be withdrawn and drug smugglers will be arrested . ”
He said mohalla and village clinics will be opened for free treatment and medicines .
He said the party will not tolerate corruption , even by their own leaders . “ Even ministers will be put behind bars . Never since 1947 have ministers been sacked over corruption . But AAP has done that already. ” He said , ” Why SAD did n't suspend Majithia and Congress did n't suspend Sajjan Singh ? It is because they do n't have guts . ”
He said all the ministers in Congress and SAD are thieves and goons and Sukhbir had prepared 63 fake CDs to malign the image of AAP .
Read | AAP releases farmers ' manifesto : Here is what the party promises
Sukhpal Khaira
AAP spokesperson Sukhpal Singh Khaira says Kejriwal is messiah of change for entire the India . He said , “ Our farmers , who once fed the whole nation , is now committing suicides . Congress and SAD have jointly spoiled Punjab . They have ganged up to oppose us . ”
“ Our water level has gone down . AAP may have compulsions but will not let Punjab lose its rights , ” says Khaira . Khaira also called for boycott of PTC news channel “ of the Badals ” .
Jarnail Singh
Party leader Jarnail Singh said Badals have destroyed Punjab . He said our youth has become addicted to drugs , thanks to Akalis . He said in the past few years , the number of liquor shops in the state have increased manifold .
Gurpreet Ghuggi
Gurpreet Ghuggi said autopsy report of suicide victim farmers was tampered to conceal truth . He said , “ it 's a shame that Badal says farming no longer remunerative . ”
AAP Punjab convener Gurpreet Ghuggi ( Photo : Twitter )
He said “ Volunteers who have left AAP were planted by Congress and Akalis. ” He said , “ Some joined AAP thinking we 'll beg them to fight polls , now they are angry over not getting ticket . When a tree is growing , some unwanted leaves fall on their own and others have to be pruned . ”
He further said Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh knows nothing about farming .
Bhagwant Mann
Bhagwant Mann took dig at PTC news channel , saying “ Badal-owned channel presents false picture of Punjab. ” He said farmers are now ashamed of being called farmers as they are living in pitiful condition . He said Badals were portraying a fake picture of Punjab farmers . “ Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches , “ he said .
Sidelights
AAP Canada leader donated van with Wi-Fi , speakers and cameras donated to AAP .
In the beginning of the event , the party members alleged that the Badal government was trying to disrupt the rally by breaking the sound system .
Even though a ban had been imposed on school buses being used to ferry AAP supporters to the rally , majority of crowd was seen being carried in the buses .
Read | Ban not affected , school buses being used for ferrying crowd to AAP rally
School buses bearing the rally posters were seen in Moga . ( Ravi Kumar/HT Photo )
Some AAP supporters reached Bagha Purana for the rally on foot .
AAP leaders on the way to the rally venue . ( Ravi Kumar/HT Photo )
Meanwhile , Congress supporters showed black flags in Moga .
Congress supporters showing black flags to Kejriwal in Moga . ( Ravi Kumar/HT Photo )
Another set of around 50 Congress workers protested against Arvind Kejriwal on Ludhiana-Moga highway .
Congress workers protesting on Ludhiana-Moga highway . ( Ravi Kumar/HT Photo )
A third set of protesters protested at Ludhiana-Moga highway on Sunday .
A third set of protesters against AAP in Moga . ( Ravi Kumar/HT Photo )
Also , parallel to the AAP rally , Baghapurana Congress leadership led by former MLA Darshan Brar and his son Kamaljit Singh Brar organised a massive bike rally to show its strength in the constituency .
Read | Twitter battle erupts between AAP , SAD ahead of Moga rally
While Jarnail Singh was giving speech , a group of a dozen Akali supporters protested around 30 feet from the stage but were taken out . Jarnail from the stage called them minions .
First Published : Sep 11 , 2016 13:59 IST
Today I write my first blog post .
My wife and I finished serving our third mission together a little over a month ago . Our first two missions were a great experience . We loved each and every day together and we grew closer together . However , this last mission drove a wedge between us and The Church that can not be removed .
We left on our third mission with great experiences from our previous missions and strong testimonies . We returned from our third mission disillusioned and unbelievers .
Some backstory : My wife and I converted to the Church in the 1970 's along with our three young children . The missionaries were introduced to us by a dear neighbor . After receiving the discussions for about 2 months my wife and oldest child was baptized . I still had a number of vices that I was n't willing to give up . After seeing the good that had become of my wife and children ( the other two were later baptized ) , I joined the church 10 years later . At first it was easy . Everyone was friendly–as we were new to the ward . I quickly was called to be a secretary in the Elder 's Quorum , then First Counselor in the Elder 's Quorum .
Seven years after being baptized I was called to the High Council .
My family and I were strong in the Church . Our two sons served missions and attended BYU . We were active in a meeting and kept the commandments .
When hard times hit our area in the early 2000 's , I retired and we immediately went on a mission . A second mission followed .
When we got home from our second mission , we discovered that our ward had shrunk to less than half of its original size . The bishop had “ apostatized ” due to “ gay issues ” . Later we learned his son was guy and he supported same-sex marriage and his conscience required him to stop participation in the Church .
With little leadership left in the ward , I was called as bishop 3 months after returning home .
Two and a half weeks after being sustained as bishop my wife diagnosed with breast cancer . Six days later my oldest son was diagnosed with early-onset ALS ( the signs had been ignored for quite some time ) . I was devastated . My world had been turned upside down .
I was barely able to hold myself together . Seeing our retirement draining , I got a job at a local grocery store . Between work odd hours and caring for my wife and son , I was spending nearly 20 hours a week with church responsibilities . I promised the Lord that if He could cure my wife and ease the pain of my son and family , I would consecrate my life to Him .
Months later my wife had become a cancer survivor and my son had only experienced minimal progression in his disease . We felt blessed .
Faithful to my word , I had rededicated myself to Him ( and His Church ) . My wife and I set a go to serve our third mission together–more dedicated to The Work than we had been previously .
We were called to serve in a foreign mission office with some other minimal responsibilities . It was hell from day one . From the start it was clear that we were no more than glorified butlers and assistants to the mission president . We were asked to wash his car once a week , pick up his laundry , purchase gifts for his children 's birthdays , and on occasion use our own funds to purchase meals for his family of five .
We had entered more dedicated than ever to serve the Lord and we were only servants of our mission president .
At the same time , working in the office allowed me ( me much more than my wife ) to interact with the Area Presidency . While serving our third mission , the Area Presidency was very proactive in establishing new rules for missionaries and new baptism requirements . With each new program , rule , or General Authority visit , I became aware that business sense and strategy was being used more than the Spirit . The corporate skeleton of the Church appear to grow more visible as the religious and spiritual exteriors evaporated in our eyes . Over the short period of time we were on our third mission , we went from 100 % dedicated , three-time missionaries faithful to God and the Church to cynical agnostics that really do n't know what to do .
The horrible relationship with are mission president and the stark reality of the corporate governance of the Church was probably enough . But while we were on our mission the Church released a number of Gospel Topics on special subjects that rocked us pretty hard and nearly flipped us over .
For me , it was the essay on Race and the Priesthood . For my wife , it was the essays on polygamy which were released just before we were about to return home .
It is crazy to think how our whole world has been overturned in the last 18 months . Sometimes we do n't even know whether up is anymore . Sometimes we just utter under our breathe “ I 'm just so confused ” .
We have have n't been to church since we returned home . Nor do we expect to . We often wonder whether all our time spent on “ church things ” was a waste . I often have regrets of not being there more for my wife as she was going through chemotherapy . I thank God ( if there is a God ) that she survived . If she had not , my biggest regret would have been not having spent more time by her side . More time with her–instead of at church .
Advertisements
Hempcrete is a mixture of hemp and lime , used as a material for construction as well as insulation . It is marketed under names such as Hempcrete , Canobiote , Canosmose , and Isochanvre . Apart from insulation and putting up a house , Hempcrete can also be used for flooring , walls , roofing and more . According to experts , it is a fire-proof , water-proof and rot-proof as long as it 's above ground .
Hempcrete is easier to work with than most traditional lime mixes and acts as an insulator and moisture regulator . It lacks the brittleness of concrete and consequently does not need expansion joints . It also creates a negative carbon footprint , which makes it a very realistic replacement for concrete . It is extremely difficult to crack Hempcrete , due to the lime/hemp combo . This also means that Hempcrete structures as they are three times more resistant than regular concrete in the even of an earthquake .
“ As humidity is taken in from the external environment , the Hempcrete holds that humidity until it is ready to be released again when the climate is less humid . Since the lime is wrapped in cellulose , the lime takes a bit longer for it to fully url-2 petrify but is still incredibly strong . Over time , the lime looks to turn back to a rock , so the material becomes harder and harder until it petrifies completely . This means the wall will last thousands of years vs. 40 – 100 like normal building materials today . Another great aspect to Hempcrete is that if too much is mixed during building , you can return it to the soil as a great fertilizer. ” – Joe Martino , An expert in Hempcrete materials
Martino also explains that since lime is the binding material , builders do not have to heat up the lime as much as a supplier would need to in the industrial creation of concrete . This results in a lot of energy url-4 conservation when producing Hempcrete vs. concrete . Jumping back to the carbon aspect , Hempcrete sequesters ( hides or puts away ) carbon as it is very high in cellulose . Through its growing life cycle , it takes in large amounts of carbon , which is then built into the home or building it is being used to construct . This does not allow the carbon to be released into the atmosphere . A home can save about 20,000 lbs of carbon when being built out of Hempcrete .
Hemp itself grows to maturity within 14 weeks . This makes it cheap and sustainable , since getting the hemp hurds will not be difficult . But the big question is , if Hempcrete really does have these enormous benefits , why has our governments kept silent as we struggle to put up more houses and other building , using materials that in the end increase our bills and casts a negative effect on the environment ?
OAKLAND — A senior adviser to Mayor Libby Schaaf is challenging at-large Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan in one of the five council races on the November ballot .
The City Clerk 's Office on Tuesday released a list of qualified candidates that includes all five incumbents running to keep their seats . In all , 14 candidates are running for five seats .
Margaret “ Peggy ” Moore , who resigned from the mayor 's office on Friday to work on her own campaign , is one of the more prominent challenger names to appear on the Nov. 8 ballot . Another Kaplan opponent , businessman Bruce Quan , has ties to former Mayor Jean Quan , though they are not related .
Moore has deep Democratic ties and is an LGBT activist . She was recently the state director for Hillary Clinton 's primary campaign and held a similar position in President Barack Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign .
“ Peggy sees Oakland as dynamic and a diverse city , but there are still far too many people who are struggling to maintain affordability , ” her campaign manager , Christman Bowers , said Tuesday .
Kaplan said she is more than ready to defend her seat , pointing to her work on helping place measures regarding a police commission and renter protection on the November ballot .
Besides Moore and Quan , Oakland Cannabis Regulatory Commission Chair Matt Hummel and tax preparer and perennial council candidate Nancy Sidebotham are also running for the at-large seat . Quan , an Oakland native who has also lived in China , helped secure Chinese funding for the massive Brooklyn Basin waterfront development . He has known former Mayor Quan since college .
In North Oakland 's District 1 , probate attorney and community volunteer Kevin Corbett is challenging Councilman Dan Kalb , who is seeking a second four-year term . West Oakland 's District 3 pits council President Lynette Gibson McElhaney against Noni Session . Gibson McElhaney already has a wide financial lead with about $ 94,000 in hand . Session has not yet filed campaign finance records .
In the Fruitvale district , Viola Gonzales , the CEO of Anew America , is running against Councilman Noel Gallo .
Lastly , longtime Councilman Larry Reid faces two challengers for his East Oakland seat : Activist Nehanda Imara , and Marcie Hodge , a former Peralta Community College District board trustee who ran unsuccessfully for mayor and for the Coliseum district seat held by Desley Brooks .
Reid 's daughter , Teva Reid , had pulled papers to run for his seat when multiple heart and back surgeries left him doubtful he could continue . But Reid said he 's recovered and wants one final term to keep the Raiders and A 's in Oakland , and to see through several housing projects in his district , including the 935-home development at the former Oak Knoll Naval Hospital . His daughter will work as his campaign manager .
“ I want to make sure all those projects have a shovel in the dirt , ” said Reid , who was first elected in 1996 . He added , “ Trust me , it 's definitely my last term . ”
City Attorney Barbara Parker is running unopposed .
David DeBolt covers Oakland . Contact him at 510-208-6453 . Follow him at Twitter.com/daviddebolt .
When Milan fans think of Thiago Silva in the famous Rossoneri shirt , their minds are cast back to brighter days .
The Scudetto winning side from the 2010/11 season is a reminder of better days ; a team built to be competitive , and managed by the effective Max Allegri to an 18th Italian league title .
Thiago Silva really came into his own that season , making 33 league appearances alongside one of the best to ever play the position in Alessandro Nesta .
Flanked by Ignazio Abate and Gianluca Zambrotta , protected by Genaro Gattuso and Clarence Seeforf ; rewarded by Robinho , Alexandre Pato and of course Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Then came those famous – yet familiarly haunting – words from president Berlusconi .
“ Yes , I sold Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Thiago Silva to PSG . We will save 150 million euros in two years. ” The city went into a state of mourning . Two main compartments of the side that brought so much joy to the red half of Milano were gone , and there was the feeling that things were changing .
And things did change ; Milan are yet to win a meaningful trophy since , and this success-starved club is seeking for any way to recover the glory days and the Duomo parades . Step in Thiago Silva .
Chinese investment has ridden over the horizon and grabbed the club on its back , promising to drag it back to the top along the bumpy roads that inevitably follow . Oh , and they have a lot of money to ease the pain .
This Milan is built upon youthful exuberance , and the fact is Alessio Romagnoli needs an experienced and composed partner to develop alongside .
Gabriel Paletta has done a good job so far this season under Vincenzo Montella , but you get the feeling he is not a ‘ valued ' asset , so to speak .
Gustavo Gomez frankly does not appear ready , and it may be a couple of seasons ( or a lengthy loan spell ) before he properly adjusts to Serie A .
What about the option of say , bringing in a certain Brazilian defender who currently plays in Ligue 1 , and has experience of winning trophies year in , year out ?
Well , would you look at that ! Thiago Silva 's agent Paulo Tonietto has certainly cast out the proverbial fishing line .
“ Contract talks with PSG have been put on hold , ” Tonietto said . “ We are going to evaluate the future alongside the club , but if PSG fail to qualify for Champions League this season , we are not going to sign a new contract , that 's for sure . There are many clubs interested in signing Thiago Silva .
“ He 's in love with AC Milan . He loves the club and the city . We 've had no contact with the Italian club and Thiago Silva is still under contract with PSG , but a return to AC Milan could be possible if we do n't sign a new contract .
“ The Rossoneri have good chances to qualify for the Champions League . ”
You read it yourselves : Thiago Silva is in love with Milan .
Bringing him back on a free transfer in the summer can not be a bad move , surely ? Even if his wages are astronomical , make it a short term deal . Low risk with potential high reward .
For those who doubt Thiago Silva , here are some stats for reference . I have compared him with Diego Godin , Vincent Kompany , Leonardo Bonucci and Alex ( for a point of reference ) during the 2015/16 season .
Silva comes second on that list for interceptions with 94 , surpassed only by Godin who had 101 . Alex had 66 , while Bonucci came in at 82 and Kompany way behind due to injury .
Thiago did come out top on blocks with 20 ; Leonardo Bonucci the only player anywhere near with 13 . As far as total duels in terms of percentage won , Silva again comes top with 63 % ; Kompany at 59 % and Godin 57 % the only near company .
The PSG defender also made the least defensive errors – well to be more specific he did n't make any errors . Meanwhile , Bonucci , Godin and Alex made seven between them .
Silva also had the least yellow cards with three ; all the others were five or above . He played by far the most successful passes with over 2200 ( only his Juventus counterpart had anywhere near ) , and had 41 successful tackles , surpassed narrowly by Diego Godin .
The stats ( provided by Squawka ) are there to see in plain sight – Thiago Silva is still at the top of his game .
If there is any chance at all to bring him back then Milan 's new ownership must act . After all , he has tasted the glory days , and could be the man to lift the curse that he may just have created .
Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders toured a Brooklyn public housing project Sunday to roll out his affordable housing agenda and later drew a record crowd his campaign estimated at more than 28,000 to a rally at the borough 's Prospect Park .
“ We 're going to rebuild our inner cities in this country rather than spend billions on wars we should 've never ever gotten into , ” Sanders told thousands of supporters crammed into an open field at the Brooklyn park .
Sanders ' campaign billed the event as the largest turnout of all his campaign rallies in the U.S. , touting an attendance of 28,300 people , exceeding the 27,000 people who showed up for a rally in Manhattan 's Washington Square Park Wednesday . NYPD officials could not independently confirm Sunday 's crowd estimates of the Sanders campaign .
Sanders , a U.S . Senator from Vermont with Brooklyn roots , delivered his appeal for votes to the massive crowd ahead of Tuesday 's state primary where state polls show him trailing rival Hillary Clinton .
“ This campaign is going to win because we are talking about a rigged economy , ” Sanders said to the sea of supporters waving blue campaign signs with his name .
Sanders ' celebrity surrogates looked to galvanize support for his bid — actor Danny DeVito led the crowd in chants of “ Bernie ! Bernie ! Bernie ! ” and actor Justin Long made the pitch that “ there is no one challenging the status quo more than Bernie Sanders . ”
Hours before the 4 p.m. rally , Sanders toured the New York City Housing Authority 's Howard Houses in Brooklyn 's Brownsville neighborhood , where he was joined by Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams and New York city ccouncil members Ritchie Torres of the Bronx , and Jumaane Williams of Brooklyn , who later announced his endorsement of Sanders at the rally .
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday 's Breaking News alerts in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
“ This is the wealthiest country in the history of the world . People should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing , ” Sanders said , in a campaign news release issued after the event that was closed-off to local media .
Following the tour , Sanders ' campaign released his affordable housing agenda that looks to increase federal spending on repairing aging public housing units and expanding counseling programs for first-time homebuyers and this facing foreclosure .
Sanders ' plan calls for increasing the National Affordable Housing Trust fund to at least $ 5 billion a year “ to construct , preserve and rehabilitate at least 3.5 million affordable housing units over the next decade . ”
The plan also calls for increasing the federal minimum wage to $ 15 to help families deal with rising housing costs , and for Congress to “ reinvigorate ” funding for federal housing programs that have had their budgets cut in recent years .
“ Nobody disagrees that we need to address the deficit , but it is absurd to balance the budget on the backs of working families , the elderly , the disabled and the poor , ” Sanders said in a summary of the plan . “ We must return to pre-2010 funding levels . . . and invest more , not less , in affordable housing . ”
Sanders also called on local governments to “ demand more ” from developers who receive government subsidies , saying affordable housing units should not return to market value rents after 10 to 20 years as is often done .
“ In my state of Vermont , we require affordable housing to remain affordable permanently , ” Sanders said . “ In my view , once we subsidize rental housing , we should n't have to pay again and again simply to ‘ preserve ' it . ”
What does animal hibernation have to do with Alzheimer 's ? More than you might think . According to new research , the way that critters wake up from a long winter 's rest could help scientists devise new treatments for dementia .
Research from Leicester University have isolated a cold-activated protein , RBM3 , which helps restore brain activity of animals that are coming out of long hibernation periods . Though the protein also exists in humans , it 's been found to be missing among Alzheimer 's patients , whose brains also commonly have a reduced number of synapses .
Here 's how it works : When animals go into hibernation , their number of brain synapses decreases so as to allow them to enter a prolonged state of inactivity . Then , the cold-activated protein RBM3 rebuilds the synapses when the animal wakes up , thereby restoring normal brain activity . The research believe that a drug that mimics the effect of this protein may have the potential to restore lost brain function among individuals suffering from neurodegenerative disorders .
“ The neuroprotective pathway identified in this study could be an important step forward , '' Dr. Hugh Perry , chairman of the Medical Research Counsil 's Neurosciences and Mental Health Board , which funded the study , told the Telegraph . `` We now need to find something to reproduce the effect of brain cooling . Just as anti-inflammatory drugs are preferable to cold baths in bringing down a high temperature , we need to find drugs which can induce the effects of hibernation and hypothermia . ”
Hypothermia is known to protect the brain -- and the Leicester researchers sought to determine whether cooling the brains of Alzheimer 's patients could help prevent synaptic loss .
To test this theory , the researchers lowered the body temperatures of a group of mice with Alzheimer 's and a healthy control group to 60-64 degrees Fahrenheit ( comparable to that of a small mammal in hibernation ) for 45 minutes . When the 45 minutes were up , the RBM3 protein was activated in the healthy mice , restoring brain function as they woke up . In the mice with Alzheimer 's , the protein did not kick in .
Researchers suggest that enhancing cold-shock pathways in the brain -- without cooling the body -- could act as a protective therapy for treating neurodegenerative disorders .
`` While we do n't think body cooling is a feasible treatment for long-term , progressive conditions like Alzheimer 's disease , this research opens up the possibility of finding drugs that can have the same effect , '' Dr. Doug Brown of the Alzheimer 's Society said in a statement . `` We are very much looking forward to seeing this research taken forward to the next stage . '
It 's been nearly three years to the day since the UFC last visited the western-Canadian city of Vancouver . But this Saturday , the octagon returns to the British Columbia province for UFC 174 .
Unlike the previous two shows held in the city , fans inside Vancouver 's Rogers Arena will be treated to a championship fight with reigning 125-pound kingpin Demetrious Johnson ( 19-2-1 MMA , 7-1-1 UFC ) putting his belt on the line for the fourth time against when he meets contender Ali Bagautinov ( 13-2 MMA , 3-0 UFC ) .
That 's not all the card has to offer , though . The organization 's 16th event north of the American border also features a mix of crucial title eliminators , comeback stories , growing winning streaks and , of course , local talent trying to get a win in front of their local fans .
Johnson has already recorded some tremendous accomplishments through his title reign , and he looks to add more to his resume in Saturday 's pay-per-view headliner . For more on the resume of “ Mighty Mouse ” and the other 21 fighters are on the card , here are 60 pre-fight facts about UFC 174 .
MAIN EVENT
Johnson 's five-fight UFC winning streak is the longest active streak in the flyweight division . His five UFC flyweight victories are tied for the most in divisional history .
Johnson 's average fight time of 17:52 is the fourth longest in UFC history behind Jose Aldo ( 20:20 ) , Benson Henderson ( 19:06 ) and Frankie Edgar ( 18:05 ) .
Johnson 's 443 significant strikes landed in UFC flyweight competition are a divisional record . His 606 total strikes landed are the second most in flyweight history behind Tim Elliott ( 639 ) .
Johnson 's significant strike accuracy rate of 54.7 percent is the best of any fighter in flyweight history with at least five bouts and 350 significant strike attempts . His significant strike defense rate of 67.5 percent is also the best in divisional history .
Johnson 's knockout of Joseph Benavidez at the 2:08 mark of Round 1 at UFC on FOX 9 stands as the fastest in UFC flyweight history . The brief contest also marked the shortest bout of his UFC/WEC career .
Johnson 's 73 significant clinch strikes landed against John Dodson at UFC on FOX 6 are the second most ever landed in a single fight behind Sarah Kaufman 's 84 significant clinch strikes landed against Leslie Smith at the TUF Nations Finale .
Johnson 's submission of John Moraga at the 3:43 mark of Round 5 at UFC on FOX 8 is the latest stoppage ever recorded in a UFC fight . It was also just the sixth fifth-round finish in organizational history .
Johnson 's 12 takedowns landed against Moraga were the most ever in a UFC fight without a single failed attempt .
Johnson is one of two fighters in UFC history to record 10 or more takedowns in two separate bouts . The other is welterweight champ Georges St-Pierre .
Johnson has completed 40 takedowns in his nine UFC bantamweight and flyweight appearances , the most of any fighter competing at 135 pounds or lighter .
Johnson has earned a different fight-night bonus in his past three UFC appearances . He 's one of four fighters in history to win three different fight-night bonuses spanning across three UFC fights . Donald Cerrone , Chan Sung Jung and Wilson Gouveia are the others .
Bagautinov , who hails from the Republic of Dagestan , will become the first Russian-born fighter in UFC history to compete for a world championship .
Bagautinov 's three-fight UFC winning streak is tied for the second longest active streak in the flyweight division behind Johnson ( five ) .
Bagautinov has connected with 130 significant strikes during his UFC career , 93.8 percent of which have landed to the head or body of his opponent
CO-MAIN EVENT
Rory MacDonald ( 16-2 MMA , 7-2 UFC ) returns to fight in his home province of British Columbia for the first time since a knockout loss to Carlos Condit at UFC 115 in June 2010 .
MacDonald owns some of the best offensive and defensive wrestling statistics in the UFC welterweight division . His 57.6 percent takedown accuracy is the highest among active welterweights while his 88.4 percent takedown defense rate ranks first in UFC welterweight history and eighth-best all-time among fighters with at least five bouts and 20 attempts .
MacDonald lands 4.02 significant strikes per minute of fighting , the fifth highest rate among active UFC welterweights . “ Ares ” landed 116 significant strikes against B.J . Penn at UFC on FOX 5 and absorbed just 24 in return . His +92 significant strike differential against “ The Prodigy ' is the fifth largest ever in a UFC welterweight bout . MacDonald 's +1.64 per minute strike differential is the third highest among active welterweights .
Tyron Woodley ( 13-2 MMA , 3-1 UFC ) has earned all three of his UFC victories by stoppage due to strikes .
Woodley 's takedown defense in his past 12 bouts is 94.1 percent . He shook off all 18 of Jake Shields ' takedown attempts in their bout at UFC 161 this past year .
Woodley 's eight wins under the Strikeforce banner are tied for fourth most in the now-defunct promotion 's history .
During his time in Strikeforce , Woodley landed 202 significant strikes , and 40.1 percent of them came in the clinch , the largest clinch strike proportion among Strikeforce fighters . Through four UFC fights , Woodley 's landed 43.2 percent of his strikes from the clinch .
REMAINING MAIN CARD
Ryan Bader 's ( 16-4 MMA , 9-4 UFC ) nine UFC light heavyweight victories are tied for seventh most in divisional history behind Jon Jones ( 14 ) , Rashad Evans ( 13 ) , Chuck Liddell ( 13 ) , Lyoto Machida ( 11 ) , Forrest Griffin ( 10 ) and Matt Hamill ( 10 ) .
Bader has alternated wins and losses in his past five UFC appearances .
Bader enters the event with a 4-4 record in his past eight UFC fights . “ Darth ” has been stopped inside the distance in all four of his career defeats .
Bader 's six knockdowns landed in UFC light heavyweight competition are tied for the fifth most in divisional history behind Liddell ( 14 ) , Machida ( 11 ) , Mauricio Rua ( nine ) and Quinton Jackson ( eight ) .
Bader 's three UFC knockout victories stemming from punches landed at distance are tied for the second most in UFC light heavyweight history behind Liddell ( eight ) .
Bader out-landed Anthony Perosh , 156-11 , in total strikes over at UFC Fight Night 33 . The +145 strikes landed difference ties the third largest margin ever in a UFC light heavyweight contest .
Bader 's 71.3 percent significant strike defense rate is the highest in UFC light heavyweight history among fighters with at least five bouts and 350 opponent attempts . He absorbs just 1.50 significant strikes per minute , the third best rate among active light heavyweights .
Bader 's 23 takedowns landed in UFC light heavyweight competition are the fifth most in divisional history . He lands 3.07 takedowns per 15 minutes of fighting , the fifth highest rate in 205-pound history .
Bader is the owner of the fastest submission in UFC light heavyweight history , a 50-second tap-out of Vladimir Matyushenko at UFC on FOX 6 .
Rafael Cavalcante ( 12-4 MMA , 1-1 UFC ) has defeated he is opponent by knockout or submission in all 12 of his professional victories . Seven of those stoppages have come in Round 1 .
Cavalcante 's four knockout victories under the now-defunct Strikeforce banner are tied for the second most in history behind Cung Le ( seven ) .
Cavalcante earned the quickest submission victory due to strikes in UFC history when a knee to the body forced Igor Pokrajac to tap out at the 1:18 mark of Round 1 at UFC Fight Night 32 .
Cavalcante owns a 9:2 knockdown ratio in his past 12 UFC/Strikeforce/EliteXC contests .
Cavalcante enjoys an 80.8 percent takedown defense rate in that same 12-fight stretch . He 's stuffed 21 of his opponents ' past 26 takedown attempts .
Andrei Arlovski ( 21-10 MMA , 10-4 UFC ) , 35 , is the oldest of the 22 fighters scheduled to compete on the card .
Arlovski returns to the UFC for the first time since March 2008 . He amassed an 8-5 record during that time while fighting for eight different organizations .
Arlovski will compete in his 15th UFC heavyweight bout , the fourth most in divisional history behind Frank Mir ( 23 ) , Cheick Kongo ( 18 ) and Gabriel Gonzaga ( 17 ) .
Arlovski left the UFC with a three-fight winning streak to his name . His return makes that the third longest active winning streak in the heavyweight division behind champion Cain Velasquez ( four ) and No . 1 contender Fabricio Werdum ( four ) .
Arlovski 's 10 UFC heavyweight victories are tied for the fifth most in divisional history behind Mir ( 14 ) , Velasquez ( 11 ) , Kongo ( 11 ) and Gonzaga ( 11 ) .
Arlovski 's nine finishes overall in the UFC are tied with Velasquez for third most in heavyweight history behind Mir ( 11 ) and Gonzaga ( 11 ) .
Arlovski 's seven knockout victories in UFC heavyweight competition are tied with Junior dos Santos , Roy Nelson and Gonzaga for the second most in divisional history behind Velasquez ( nine ) .
Arlovski 's eight knockdowns landed in heavyweight competition are tied for third most in divisional history behind dos Santos ( 11 ) and Velasquez ( nine ) .
Arlovski 's significant strike defense rate of 65 percent is the third best in UFC heavyweight history behind Jon Madsen ( 81.4 percent ) and Matt Mitrione ( 66.8 percent ) .
Arlovski 's takedown defense rate of 89.5 percent during his UFC career is the highest of any fighter in heavyweight history with at least five bouts and 20 opponent attempts .
Arlovski has suffered seven of his 10 professional losses by knockout .
Brendan Schaub ( 10-3 MMA , 6-3 UFC ) has suffered all three of his career losses by first-round knockout .
Schaub became the only fighter in UFC heavyweight history to earn a D'arce choke submission victory when he submitted Mitrione with the technique at UFC 165 .
Schaub lands 85.9 percent of significant strikes to his opponent 's head , the second largest proportion of head strikes in UFC heavyweight history among fighters with at least 300 attempts behind Mark Hunt ( 87.3 percent )
Ryan Jimmo ( 19-3 MMA , 3-2 UFC ) has alternated wins and losses throughout his five-fight UFC career .
Jimmo 's seven-second knockout of Anthony Perosh at UFC 149 stands as the fastest knockout in UFC light-heavyweight history .
Ovince Saint Preux 's ( 15-5 MMA , 3-0 UFC ) three-fight UFC winning streak is tied with Fabio Maldonado for the second longest active streak in the light heavyweight division behind champion Jon Jones ( 11 ) .
Saint Preux has earned all three of his UFC victories by a different method .
Saint Preux registered just the second Von Flue choke submission victory in UFC history when he tapped out Nikita Krylov at UFC 171 . No one else had successfully finished a fight with the technique inside the octagon since namesake Jason Von Flue submitted Alex Karalexis at UFC Fight Night 3 .
Saint Preux 's submission of Krylov at the 1:29 mark of Round 1 at UFC 171 stands as the fourth fastest tap-out in UFC light-heavyweight history .
PRELIMINARY CARD
Kiichi Kunimoto ( 16-5-2 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) enters the event on a career-high five-fight MMA winning streak . The 33-year-old has suffered just one defeat in his past 13 fights overall .
Daniel Sarafian ( 8-4 MMA , 1-2 UFC ) drops to the welterweight division for the first time in his MMA career . He went 1-2 in the UFC as a middleweight .
Valerie Letourneau ( 5-3 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) has earned all of her career victories by knockout or submission . She has never won a fight that 's gone the distance .
Yves Jabouin ( 19-9 MMA , 4-3 UFC ) has not recorded a stoppage victory in his 10-fight UFC/WEC career . He last finished an opponent in November 2008 .
Jabouin has earned all four of his UFC victories by decision .
Mike Easton ( 13-4 MMA , 3-3 UFC ) enters the event on a career-worst three-fight losing streak . He dropped decisions to UFC bantamweight champion T.J. Dillashaw , Brad Pickett and Raphael Assuncao during that stretch .
Easton 's average fight time of 14:09 is the third longest in UFC bantamweight history among fighters with at least five bouts behind Takeya Mizugaki ( 14:23 ) and Chico Camus ( 14:22 ) .
Easton 's takedown defense rate of 76 percent is the third highest in UFC bantamweight history among fighters with at least five bouts and 20 opponent attempts behind Renan Barao ( 100 percent ) and Eddie Wineland ( 92 percent ) .
Kajan Johnson ( 19-10-1 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) competes in his first professional bout since October 2011 .
Roland Delorme ( 9-2 MMA , 3-1 UFC ) will fight in his home country of Canada for his fourth consecutive UFC bout .
Delorme averages 2.1 submission attempts per 15 minutes of fighting , the third highest rate in UFC bantamweight history among fighters with at least five bouts behind John Albert ( 6.1 ) and Dustin Pague ( 2.6 ) .
Michinori Tanaka ( 9-0 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) , 23 , is the youngest of the 22 fighters scheduled to compete on the card .
Jason Saggo ( 9-1 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) has earned eight of his nine career victories by submission , with all but one by some form of choke .
For more on UFC 174 , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
FightMetric research analyst and live statistics producer Michael Carroll contributed to this story . Follow him on Twitter @ MJCflipdascript .
* * * *
Check out a preview of UFC 174 :
/MANIFESTO
/ABOUT
hate5six.com is forever a one-man operation based nowhere .
This project stands for the redistribution of high-quality live music videos in as much of an anti-capitalist framework as realistically allowable . At its crux , music is the communication of ideas through rhythm and sound . The introduction of money into the equation invariably obscures that connection . In an era when the turnover rate in the community is staggeringly high , this site serves as a vehicle for preservation and posterity . Institutional memory is key in any setting , and hardcore is no exception . A band 's live performance tells a story about a particular moment in time relative to a particular audience . The intention here is to share that story with people who could not be there to experience it , both physically and temporally , or with those who have no conception of what hardcore is.Without an audience , a band is just sending acoustic vibrations into an empty room . Without a band , bodies are just standing catatonically in a room waiting for inspiration or some other activation of the senses . This interface between the two defines an impassable gap between seeing a live show in the flesh and watching a two dimensional projection of said show on a screen . They can never be equivalent , but there are ways to construct a bridge that attempts to close that gap . The retelling of these narratives in this manner is the sole mission of hate5six.com.My obsession with collecting hardcore-related things as an early teen did not involve records or shirts . I feverishly collected and traded live audio and VHS `` bootlegs '' and ROIOs ( recording of indeterminate origin ) of bands . The unique nature of each live set fascinated me : the variation in sound , the speeches , the unreplicated atmosphere all appealed to me more than simply listening to a produced record . It provided . From 2001-2003 I documented local pop-punk bands in my home scene in South Jersey as a way to teach myself the ins and outs of filmmaking and editing , as well as to be a contributing member of the community . In 2006 , the creation of accessible online video reignited my interest as it provided a viable way to disseminate my work . This project has continued to expand in numerous way since its official launch in 2008.All videos filmed and edited by hate5six.com are released to the public for free . These videos , and any portion thereof , are the sole property of hate5six.com and are not to be sold or used as trading collateral . Please contact me if you plan on using any portion of my videos for a specific project . The mission of hate5six.com has been , and will always be , to provide people with equal access to free , high-quality live music videos.The logo represents the free and open distribution of the content contained herein . The name is a play on the area code of a specific region .
Toronto Police say they have seized $ 7.3 million worth of synthetic drugs in a storage locker in the northeast end of the city , one of the largest busts in recent years .
Officers found roughly 350,000 pills in vacuum sealed bags , 75 kilograms of powder believed to be MDMA , and 11 kilograms of white crystallized powder believed to be methamphetamine , police said Wednesday .
“ It 's the largest seizure in the last few years , ” inspector Randy Franks said in a statement .
Police executed a search warrant at 4780 Sheppard Avenue East on July 13 , after getting a tip from the public .
[ np-related ]
Along with the drugs — which are being tested by Health Canada officials to determine what is contained in the pills — police discovered production equipment and scales .
“ The next phase for these drugs was distribution , ” Mr. Franks said . “ Much of it was ready to distribute . It can be sold in its raw form to someone who wants to make their own pills . ”
The major bust comes after police discovered drug labs in several Toronto apartments earlier this month , and found storage units with chemicals used to manufacture synthetic drugs .
DOVER — Members of the Bond Committee met Monday for the first time to begin deliberations on the budget with the Department of Education and the judiciary appearing before the committee .
Although Gov . John Carney is not scheduled to release his recommendations until the end of March , the Bond Committee still spend hours discussing the needs from several state agencies and branches of government .
Former Gov . Jack Markell 's capital proposal called for spending $ 555.3 million in the upcoming fiscal year , with that sum almost evenly divided between construction projects and the Department of Transportation 's budget .
Monday included brief discussions on the gasoline tax , which is currently 23 cents per gallon . Chief Justice Leo Strine urged lawmakers to increase it , and committee co-chair Sen. Dave Sokola , D-Newark , later noted the tax is lower than in surrounding states .
Gasoline tax revenue is projected to slightly decline over the next seven years . Sen. Sokola said increasing the tax for diesel fuel could not only bring in revenue but could also discourage large trucks from driving on the state 's roadways and thus better preserve infrastructure .
Attempts to raise the gasoline tax over the past three years have been unsuccessful . Sen. Sokola said he was unaware of any proposals to increase it this session .
The state is seeing growing costs in education due to an influx of students , including those with special needs . Southern New Castle County is especially booming , according to the Department of Education .
The Appoquinimink School District recently passed a referendum in December .
Gov . Markell had recommended allocating $ 38.7 million for projects in the Caesar Rodney School District , as well as $ 32.9 for Cape Henlopen School District .
Sen. Robert Marshall , D-Wilmington , asked Secretary Susan Bunting Monday about expanding use of police officers or constables in schools . The Indian River School District , which Dr. Bunting previously served as superintendent of , was an early adopter of school resource officers .
“ We can build magnificent towers and buildings for education … but if the environment for the students fails to be one for learning the n we compromise what we are attempting to deliver , ” he said . “ Those in education do an outstanding job but safety in the buildings and change in behavior habits sometimes present a challenge . ”
Later , Chief Justice Strine , for the third consecutive year , attempted to convince lawmakers to support his plan for new Family Court buildings in Kent and Sussex .
While building two new courthouses would cost $ 150 to $ 200 million , the current ones are cramped and unsafe , he insisted .
Chief Justice Strine also suggested changes may be coming to the state 's system of fines . Traffic tickets , for instance , have about $ 70 in costs unrelated to speeding attached to them .
Those fines , the chief justice told Bond Bill members , are holding back disadvantaged members of society .
“ A lot of these folks who commit some of these offenses , if they had the money to pay the fine , they would n't have done the shoplifting or whatever , ” he said .
Staff writer Matt Bittle can be reached at 741-8250 or mbittle @ newszap.com . Follow @ MatthewCBittle on Twitter .
Clayton Counts was an American musician and composer , a former DJ , and one half of the experimental band Bull of Heaven .
Early life [ edit ]
Counts was born with detached retinas in both his eyes . A series of surgeries at a young age complicated this , leaving him blind in his right eye , and weakened in his left . [ 1 ] Counts was initially located in Austin , Texas .
In the 1990s , Counts became notorious with his prank phone calls to the Austin Community Access Center , in particular Alex Jones 's show . An incident occurred - though with varying claims from both sides [ 2 ] [ 3 ] - in which Counts was involved in the assault of Jones in a parking lot with three other individuals . As a follow-up , it was claimed that Jones used FBI connections to label Counts a terrorist and claimed he possessed child pornography . Federal agents raided the FringeWare Review bookstore , headquarters of an early cyberculture magazine that Counts wrote articles for . The case was later dropped .
In 2000 , Counts relocated to Chicago . Whilst there , he met Neil Keener , who would later join Counts in the band Bull of Heaven .
DJ work [ edit ]
In the 2000s , Counts worked as a DJ to afford a living . He worked at various clubs , including Lava , Whiskey Sky , Reserve , Darkroom , the Allstate Arena , as well as performing at private functions . In July 2005 , Counts was again involved in an incident - this time the alleged battery of a bouncer at the Lava club . Much like the Alex Jones incident in 2000 , there are two sides to this story ; [ 4 ] Counts claims that he was told the set he was playing was `` too loud '' by club owner Brian Sarpalius ( aka Phantom 45 ) , who then subsequently interfered with and eventually unplugged Counts ' equipment prior to having him removed by a bouncer . Sarpalius claims that it was actually Counts who caused a scene , and damaged the club 's equipment . Counts allegedly discharged a can of mace at the bouncer 's feet as a warning shot , though the stories of this differ from both sides . Later in the night , Counts was arrested , and his equipment was lost for several days whilst it was in possession of another club-goer the night of the incident . Counts had been DJing at the Lava club for four years prior to Sarpalius becoming the new owner , and this incident ending his shows there . The charges against Counts were dropped after a lengthy court case .
Musical career [ edit ]
In September 2006 , Counts gained notoriety when he created a mash-up of The Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds with The Beatles ' Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , aptly titled Sgt . Petsound 's Lonely Hearts Club Band and credited to the band The Beachles . The mash-up album was created in conjunction with the 40th anniversary of Pet Sounds , and was favoured by various sites . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] This popularity reached EMI , who in turn issued Counts a cease and desist notice , [ 7 ] demanded the IP addresses of everyone who downloaded it through his blog , and attempted to sue him for upwards of $ 30 mil . [ 8 ] However , upon deletion of the album , the case was dropped . [ 9 ]
In December , Counts ' site announced his death , which was later revealed to be a hoax . [ 10 ]
In 2008 , Counts along with Neil Keener founded the band Bull of Heaven . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Their first piece , 001 : Weed Problem , was released on January 30 , 2008 . Since then , the band has released more than 300 numbered pieces , a second set of 100 pieces numbered in Roman numerals , many pieces of notable length , as well as a variety of untitled tracks , sound puzzles , and anti-music . On 21 January 2009 , Counts was featured as the cover of the Denver Post 's arts section , performing a solo piano composition . [ 14 ] In 2012 , the band 's site suffered some downtime , and has been going through various issues since . In July , they announced that a `` Series 2 '' of music would be coming . [ 15 ] In 2013 , the band announced that new material was nearing completion , and have since added new pieces to their Facebook page and Internet Archive collection . [ 16 ] As of 2014 , the band are still releasing music regularly with Counts giving an interview in February to Vice in the Netherlands [ 17 ] and the band performing at the Lemp Neighborhood Arts Center in St . Louis . [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
Discography [ edit ]
as The Beachles
with Bull of Heaven
See Bull of Heaven discography for concise discography of Bull of Heaven .
Compilation appearances [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Big events in superhero comics can often be a slog , but the upcoming Dark Nights : Metal has the potential to be something great . Reuniting the Batman creative team of Scott Snyder , Greg Capullo , Jonathan Glapion , and FCO Plascencia , Metal is a multiversal superhero epic , and some of the best issues of their Batman run embraced the genre 's inherent sense of bombast to deliver compelling blockbuster action . DC is building up to the event with two Dark Days one-shots introducing the Dark Multiverse , The Forge and The Casting , featuring an all-star creative team embracing the wide scope of DC mythology to create a strong foundation for the upcoming miniseries .
Written by Snyder and James Tynion IV with art by Andy Kubert , Jim Lee , John Romita Jr. , the Dark Days books are getting me very excited for Metal . The Forge introduced a story that includes a range of ideas including Hawkman and Hawkgirl in ancient Egypt , the return of Plastic Man , and Batman holding onto an artifact from Crisis On Infinite Earths . This exclusive preview of this week 's Dark Days : The Casting begins with Hawkman and Hawkgirl assembling Earth 's immortals at the start of the 20th Century . Andy Kubert drawing this part of the story is an inspired choice given his father Joe 's history of working with the characters , and Klaus Janson 's thick inks make the linework even more reminiscent of Joe 's art . Romita Jr. and inker Danny Miki did exceptional work with Snyder on All-Star Batman and their pages with Batman and Wonder Woman have a bold , dynamic energy . There 's some major muscle behind this event , and if Metal is as strong as these preludes it 's going to be a book to remember .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Real-life Harry Potter reveals why sharing the wizard 's name has made his life a misery
The similarities are there - right down to a scar on the forehead .
But the biggest thing they share are eleven letters spelling out two short names . Harry Potter .
And as the dark-haired young man ( the one without the glasses ) pictured here can testify : being a real-life Harry Potter is not quite as magical as it might seem .
Any other name ? The real-life Harry Potter , left , and his fictional namesake played by Daniel Radcliffe
Mr Potter has endured taunts from the public , police , phone companies and even a football referee - all because he shares a name with arguably the world 's best known wizard .
Mr Potter , who was born in 1989 , had eight peaceful years of being a schoolboy with a fairly ordinary name before JK Rowling released a book entitled Harry Potter And The Philosopher 's Stone , and everything changed .
Then Daniel Radcliffe , who at 20 is the same age as Mr Potter , brought the boy wizard to life and suddenly introducing himself as 'Harry Potter ' became something of a minefield .
Mr Potter even had to show his girlfriend his passport so she would believe him when they first met and a bus company refused to issue him with a pass because they did n't believe he was telling them the truth when he tried to sign up .
Mother Tracey Shaw , 47 , never dreamed that when she picked a name for her first child , that it would one-day be a global phenomenon .
'People used to assume that he was named after Prince Harry , and that was his nickname when he was very young - we called him Prince Harry , ' she said .
'There was no such thing as Harry Potter at the time so I did n't have a clue the name would become so famous . '
Last night Mr Potter , from Portsmouth , in Hampshire , said he wished author Rowling had never used his name for her books .
'My life has changed completely since the books were written , ' he said . 'At first I thought it might be quite a good thing to have the same name .
Daily grind : The real-life Harry Potter holds up the passport he was forced to show his girlfriend to prove his identity
'But now it is like someone has cast a bad spell on me , the reactions I get from people range from making fun to plain aggressive .
'Sometimes I wish JK Rowling had never used my name .
'People seem to forget that I was Harry Potter before the character . I was nine when the books first came out . '
It was Mrs Shaw who brought the first Harry Potter book home for her son to read . Neither she nor her son realised how it would take off .
'Whenever I was playing up at school , the teachers would make some joke about my name , which soon shut me up , ' said Mr Potter .
'After 12 years of it I could n't count the amount of times I 've heard `` You 're a wizard Harry '' . It does wear a bit thin after a while .
'And I 've heard all the puns about my wand . '
Apart from the joke , Mr Potter has a far more humdrum life than his fictional counterpart from Hogwarts School of Wizardry .
He works in the more mundane surroundings of Lloyds TSB .
Namesake : J K Rowling 's character has brought misery to the real Harry Potter
Mr Potter said : 'When I got my job in the bank , they could n't believe that I was telling the truth on my application form .
' I 'm the only person in the building who does n't have to use my full name when I 'm talking on the phone .
'Beginning a phone conversation with the mention of my name is never a good start - it distracts people too much . '
And while the young stars of the film series have snapped up a string of multi-million properties , Mr Potter will be happy when he and girlfriend Philippa Hall , 18 , manage to buy their first house together .
The young man , does however , share one key feature with his namesake , a scar on his forehead .
Film Harry gained his in a battle with arch enemy evil Lord Voldemort . Mr Potter ran into a lamppost aged 15 .
The seven Harry Potter novels shot British author JK Rowling to stardom , with his adventures being snapped up by 400million eager fans .
Since the books were released they have spawned blockbuster films and spin-off merchandise , making the brand worth an estimated £15billion .
But the mega-money made by the wizard with the same name as him , provides little comfort to Harry .
Harry Potter claims it 's 'like someone cast a bad spell ' to have the same name as the fictional wizard
He said : 'No one ever believes that I 'm telling the truth about my name . I had to show my girlfriend my passport , my bank card , and my driving licence to convince her that I was n't lying .
'Even getting my season ticket for Portsmouth FC was a bit of a pain - I 'm a massive football fan , but I had problems at the ticket office .
'First they did n't believe that my name was genuine , and when I convinced them , they thought it was hilarious . It 's never-ending .
' I play a lot of football as well in a local league , and the match reports are always full of puns - 'Harry Potter cast a spell on the opposition and that kind of thing . '
Rowling has told how 'Harry ' was her favourite boy 's name , so if her daughter had been a son she would have been called 'Harry Rowling ' .
Questioned about the choice Rowling has said in the past : 'Then I would have had to choose a different name for `` Harry '' in the books , because it would have been too cruel to name him after my own son . `` Potter '' was the surname of a family who used to live near me when I was seven years old and I always liked the name , so I borrowed it . '
This is part of a series of articles about creative online subversion , # HackYourFuture , on Dazed Digital . A different guest-editor will discuss a different discipline everyday . This is part of online art organisation Rhizome 's Heather Corcoran 's comment on artists , hacking and action . As part of today 's # HackYourFuture Art Takeover Rhizome 's Heather Corcoran selected the artist Jonas Lund 's downloadable crowd-reactive project :
We See In Every Direction is a new project from Swedish net artist Jonas Lund based in Amsterdam . Playful and interactive , the software-based artwork allows its users to surf the internet together in one browser , fighting for control of directional responsibility , much like the TV remote . With no limit as to number of participants , users are only visible to the others by their cursors flitting like flies across the window .
The result is a chaotic web experience , as participants constantly change URLs , talk to each other in search bars and frantically try to click on things before the browser is pulled somewhere new . To experience it is like being at a party where everybody talks over each other , yet something is understood in the noise .
We See In Every Direction , like a lot of Lund 's work , attempts to create a collaborative experience on the internet . The first critical review of the artwork was collectively written using the programme itself . In the days after launching , users discussed the merits of the work within the address and search bars . It was a fitting place for discourse .
There are two defences available to Const . James Forcillo on the charge of second-degree murder , Superior Court Justice Edward Then said Tuesday as he continued his instructions to the jury on the law they must use in their deliberations . It is not disputed that Forcillo fired nine shots at 18-year-old Sammy Yatim in two separate volleys as the teen was on a stopped , empty streetcar holding a switchblade in July 2013 .
Toronto police Const . James Forcillo arrives at court Jan. 18 . Forcillo faces charges in the shooting death of Sammy Yatim . ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Yatim collapsed after being fatally wounded by three bullets in the first volley . He was struck five times in his lower body in the second round of shots fired five-and-a-half seconds later . Forcillo has pleaded not guilty to charges of second-degree murder and attempted murder . The murder charge pertains to the shots fired in the first volley , the attempted murder charge to the second volley .
Article Continued Below
The first defence outlined by Then is whether Forcillo had reasonable grounds to believe lethal force was necessary to protect himself or someone else from death or grievous bodily harm , as set out in section 25 ( 3 ) of the Criminal Code . The jury will have to consider what a reasonable police officer would do in the same circumstances , bearing in mind the training Forcillo received , his three-year experience as a police officer with one gunpoint arrest and his physical attributes , Then said . The second defence is whether Forcillo acted in self-defence , as per section 34 of the Criminal Code . In considering self-defence the jury will need to answer three questions , Then told the jury . 1 . Did Officer Forcillo believe on reasonable grounds that force was being used or threatened against him or another person ?
2 . Did Officer Forcillo shoot Mr. Yatim for the purpose of defending himself or another person from the use or threat of force ? 3 . Was Officer Forcillo 's conduct reasonable in the circumstances ?
Article Continued Below
Justice Then has told the jury that Forcillo was not aware of events that had happened prior to his confrontation with Yatim , and that only Forcillo 's state of mind — not Yatim 's — is relevant to their deliberations . The defence has argued Forcillo believed Yatim was going to attack him with a knife when he fired , and that he used lethal force to save himself and others from death or serious bodily harm . Forcillo said his belief came from Yatim 's aggressive body language — that he was unafraid , had a clenched jaw and took a deep breath as if preparing to “ fight to the end ” before moving forward . The Crown has said it was not self-defence or self-preservation that motivated Forcillo to shoot Yatim , but anger that the teen violated the ultimatum he set : you take one step in this direction and I 'll shoot . The Crown argued that while Yatim was holding a knife , his behaviour as captured on the video was mocking not threatening . They have argued Forcillo manufactured his testimony about Yatim 's threatening appearance and behaviour and that it is not corroborated by the video evidence . Though the jury was instructed to consider all the evidence they heard , Then listed certain factors for the jury to consider in both defences including that Yatim had taken a “ moderate to moderately-high ” amount of ecstasy , what alternatives option to lethal force were available to Forcillo , and whether there was a threat posed by Yatim and if it was imminent . Then told the jury that the Crown must prove both these defences do not apply in this case beyond a reasonable doubt . If the jury accepts one or both of the defences or have reasonable doubt , they must find Forcillo not guilty , Then said . If the jury reject both defences they can go on to consider whether Forcillo 's actions meet the criteria for second-degree murder , Then said . Forcillo 's lawyer has conceded that Forcillo knew that by shooting Yatim with hollow point bullets at close range he was likely to cause death or bodily harm . However , because Forcillo testified he did not consider whether the shots he fired were going to kill Yatim , Then said the jury would still have to determine whether he had the intent required for murder . If the jury finds that Forcillo did not have the intent for murder because he acted impulsively or without thinking of the consequences , the jury could find him guilty of manslaughter , Then said . Then will spend Tuesday afternoon instructing the jury on the defences available to the charge of attempted murder : justification , self-defence and mistake of fact . The jury is expected to begin deliberations this week .
Juve on Pogba and Giovinco
By Football Italia staff
Beppe Marotta denied knowledge of Sebastian Giovinco 's Toronto FC move and said Paul Pogba is “ resisting ” big offers .
The general manager spoke to Sky Sport Italia ahead of tonight 's Serie A match against Verona .
“ We are accustomed to putting together a squad during the summer . We are not in any emergency situation , so there 's no need to sign anyone in January .
“ Of course if a good opportunity was to present itself , then we would take it , but at the moment I do n't see any . ”
There are strong reports in Canada that Giovinco has already agreed a contract with Toronto FC for June , when he 'll be a free agent .
“ We are not aware of these negotiations , either officially or off the record . ”
This week Pogba 's agent said Juventus would struggle to keep hold of him for long and Marotta confessed there is some truth to that .
“ A positive transfer strategy also means not bowing down to the proposals of huge clubs . Pogba is sought-after , but he has resisted and will try to resist . Our intention is to buy important players and not sell them .
“ As of today there is nothing to suggest Pogba will go to another club , but we can not compete with the wages that are being proposed . We have certain financial goalposts .
“ Paris Saint-Germain ? No , there has n't been any contact . ”
Nvidia passed on its hardware being used in the PlayStation 4 due to the `` opportunity cost . ''
PlayStation 4 : not powered by Nvidia .
`` I 'm sure there was a negotiation that went on , '' Tony Tamasi , Senior VP of content and technology at Nvidia told GameSpot , `` and we came to the conclusion that we did n't want to do the business at the price those guys were willing to pay . ''
`` Having been through the original Xbox and PS3 , we understand the economics of [ console development ] and the tradeoffs . ''
Announced by Sony earlier this month , the upcoming PS4 is powered by rival chip-maker AMD . The company is also strongly rumoured to be behind the hardware of the next Xbox , but Nvidia does not appear to be troubled by the loss .
`` We 're building a whole bunch of stuff , '' continued Tamasi , `` and we had to look at console business as an opportunity cost . If we say , did a console , what other piece of our business would we put on hold to chase after that ? ''
`` In the end , you only have so many engineers and so much capability , and if you 're going to go off and do chips for Sony or Microsoft , then that 's probably a chip that you 're not doing for some other portion of your business . And at least in the case of Sony and Nvidia , in terms of PS4 , AMD has the business and Nvidia does n't . We 'll see how that plays out from a business perspective I guess . It 's clearly not a technology thing . ''
AMD will be hoping that its PS4 business pays off , having recently fallen on hard times . Earlier this week it sold its Austin-based HQ for $ 164 million to raise cash , while a leading analyst called it `` un-investable '' following an operating loss of $ 131 million in its quarterly earnings report .
In Nvidia 's latest earnings call , the company posted a profit of $ 174 million .
← Find out everything we know about the PS4
Just days after word emerged that the billionaire Koch brothers will spend nearly a billion dollars to elect conservatives in the 2016 elections , Charles Koch sent a top adviser to Washington to urge Republicans to work with Democrats on a key issue : criminal-justice reform .
Justice reform is not a cause for which the Kochs are normally in the news . The billionaire brothers are known for their lavish giving to conservative candidates and causes , for which they are celebrated on the right and reviled by the left . But for more than a decade , the Kochs have quietly pumped several million dollars into efforts to fix a criminal-justice system that many on both sides of the aisle believe is broken .
Last month , Charles Koch co-authored an op-ed for Politico decrying the “ overcriminalization of America. ” Now the Kochs are teaming up with some unlikely allies on the left in hopes of rectifying the problem . And their presence in the emerging bipartisan coalition for justice reform underscores the issue 's rare—perhaps unique—status as a cause that has united liberals and conservatives in an era of bitter partisanship .
“ There 's just so much movement here , ” Mark Holden , senior vice president and general counsel at Koch Industries , tells TIME . “ It 's sweeping in a lot of unusual , non-traditional allies , and I think it 's a good thing . ”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Holden was standing on Wednesday under the glittering chandeliers and Corinthian columns of a caucus room in the Russell Senate building , where he had just wrapped up a prison-reform discussion organized by The Constitution Project . The event offered the rare tableau where a bipartisan group of activists gathered in Washington to agree on policy , rather than fling accusations .
The motley panel included liberal and conservative senators and congressmen , activists and commentators , who warmly complimented one another 's leadership . Holden was seated next to Van Jones , a former Obama environmental adviser who once accused the Kochs of running a “ plantation. ” The oddball pair seemed bemused at the strange alliance . “ Dogs and cats sleeping together , ” Holden joked .
It 's easy to see why the issue attracts both sides . The U.S. has the highest rate of incarceration of any industrialized country in the world ( second overall , behind the tiny Seychelles ) . It has 2.2 million total inmates—more than any other nation , and an increase of 500 % over the past three decades . There are some 4,500 federal criminal laws on the books . More than half of the federal prison population consists of nonviolent drug offenders .
“ Conservatives and liberals , Democrats and Republicans alike , have come to the conclusion that the system that has developed over the course of the last few decades in this country is n't working , ” said David Keene , a longtime conservative activist . “ We 've come to the conclusion that we have to work together . ”
Activists on the left have long been vocal opponents of the justice system 's failings , which disproportionately affect minority groups and the poor . But their right-leaning counterparts have also fought hard to combat the pipeline to prison , for reasons ranging from the big-government bloat to the waste of taxpayer dollars to the dehumanizing conditions that strip individual liberties .
“ Most people assume that conservatives are motivated to reform by economics , ” says Pat Nolan , the director of the Center for Criminal Justice Reform at the American Conservation Union Foundation . “ My experience is not that . It 's the moral issues…There 's no form of government domination greater than imprisonment . ”
Holden has been interested in criminal justice since his days working as a jail guard in his hometown of Worcester , Mass . He was in high school and college at the time , and some of the inmates were former classmates . He witnessed the ways the system can suck people in . “ These were the kids who were always in trouble , ” Holden recalls . “ I 've always kind of been around these issues . ”
The Kochs ' commitment in criminal-justice reform dates to the mid-1990s , when the company became embroiled in a court case related to alleged environmental crimes at a a refinery in Corpus Christi , Tex . In 2001 , a subsidiary of the company pleaded guilty to concealing environmental violations at the refinery ; a multitude of other charges were dropped , but the company paid a $ 20 million fine to settle the matter . The owners believed they had been victimized by overzealous prosecutors and unclear statutes . “ Our view was if we , a large company with many resources , were treated this way , what 's happening to the average American ? ” Holden says .
The Kochs began donating money to the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers ( NACDL ) to combat prosecutorial abuses . “ Once we got involved , ” says Holden , “ we could n't stop. ” Since 2004 , the Kochs have made annual donations ( in the “ significant six figures , ” according to Holden ) to the NACDL . The money is designed to address a broad range of justice issues , from mandatory minimums for drug crimes to the right to competent representation and sentencing disparities for the disadvantaged .
Last month , Holden and Koch laid out a five-point reform plan to change the criminal justice system . It includes ensuring that indigent defendants receive adequate legal counsel , reducing criminal liabilities for inadvertent violations , and restoring rights to youthful and non-violent offenders to help them re-enter the job market after their release . Such beliefs have led the Kochs to team up with liberal organizations like the American Civil Liberties Union to combat issues like harsh sentencing and Sixth Amendment rights . “ It 's very , very rare where we have a moment that the stars have aligned in this way , ” said Jones .
Progress looks possible at the federal level . Several justice-reform bills have been introduced in Congress . They 're often the product of strange partnerships : one Senate effort , which would adjust mandatory sentencing guidelines , was sponsored by Dick Durbin of Illinois , a leading liberal , and Utah Senator Mike Lee , a Tea Party darling . Another sweeping Senate bill , introduced by Kentucky Republican Rand Paul and New Jersey Democrat Cory Booker , would seal and expunge juvenile records for nonviolent offenders and restrict the use of solitary confinement . But so far the legislation has languished .
The Kochs have the power to change that . Their clout on the right could help sway more conservatives to support criminal justice efforts . Most of the likely 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls have supported some kind of criminal-justice reforms . Given the Kochs ' commitment to the issue , candidates might be wise to make issues like curbing the prison population a larger campaign theme .
Holden says the Kochs wo n't make criminal justice a political litmus test , in the way that they have focused attention on issues like health-care reform or environmental regulations . At the same time , “ to the extent that there are candidates that are working on these issues we care about , ” Holden says , “ we 're probably going to want to support candidates who are in favor of helping people , helping the disadvantaged with their policies . ”
Compared to their spending on elections , the money the Kochs are funneling toward justice reform is modest . Their network plans to fork out nearly $ 900 million in advance of the 2016 election , according to reports—nearly as much as Barack Obama and Mitt Romney corralled in 2016 to support their campaigns . And Holden says there are no plans at the moment to increase the financial support for justice reform or form a new nonprofit devoted to the issue , although he would n't rule it out . “ It depends on what the opportunities are . If we see coalitions building and real change coming , and it 's consistent with our values and beliefs , ” Holden says , “ we 'll be all over it . We do n't necessarily start out saying we 're going to spend this much this year . ”
And the momentum is building . “ It 's not a left-right issue , ” Holden says . “ It 's all about what 's right for the country . There 's so much that everyone fights about , and there 's a commonality here . ”
Write to Alex Altman at alex_altman @ timemagazine.com .
Keith Olbermann has recently made public his grievances with media bias on Trump , but do n't get too excited because his nutty argument is that the liberal press is not going far enough in exposing “ the worst set of crimes in American history . ”
Olbermann began his regular GQ web show , on June 27 , in the way you would expect a wildly discredited left-wing mouthpiece would , by asking why “ this quote , `` President , '' unquote , has not yet been removed and arrested. ” After calling for the removal of the democratically elected head of state because of unproven allegations , Olbermann saw it fit to call Trump a “ treasonous megalomaniac , ” seemingly oblivious to the irony .
Reaching his full liberal stride , Olbermann , at this point almost unable to contain his anger , proclaimed :
The nation , which should be in the streets holding a general strike fighting to restore the rule of law that is dissolving in front of its eyes is instead utterly divided or distracted or both . Republican legislators wholly owned by corporations are dismantling the already porous health care net in order to fund tax breaks for the wealthiest and greediest bastards among us .
Sensing that there were still a few people left in the country that he had not yet insulted , Olbermann went on to say this :
The President 's sycophantic base is happy because , while a few of them may have noticed this society is still hitting them in the head , they look with perverse joy at the reality that this society is now hitting women and minorities harder .
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Olbermann also went after the Democrats in this tirade , speaking specifically on their need not ease up on what he calls `` the Russia thing . '' When you think he 's finally let what at this point had become uncontrollable anger loose on the media , he doubled back on the presidency :
Media is obsessed not with the lies of a president who is gifted only at lying , and news conferences by his lying spokespeople that contain no news , no truth , no reality , no morality , which is spun by cretinous deceivers who make the farcical propaganda of the infamous Iraqi Baghdad Bob looked like the revealed word .
Finally , speaking of the media , he attacked them on how they focus too much on ratings , but then made a sharp left turn saying how they should instead concentrate on “ how the lack of truths from the White House press room will impact whether their children live in freedom or slavery ! ”
Welcome back all you loyal readers . As Tobias Fuhnke once said , “ There are dozens of us. ” Well I appreciate all dozens of you . I wo n't waste too much time up here tonight . I 'd rather just jump into this incredibly exciting episode , and write way more about it than any of you could possibly need to read .
That 's it for tonight . I 'll send you all packing with one last list of five . These are the five people that I think have the best chance to win the game . And yes , this is in order of most likely to succeed . Something tells me this is a woman 's season to win . See you Sunday !
Congratulations to anti-Fed , libertarian Congressman Ron Paul , who just won the first `` primary '' of the 2012 election !
Well , technically it was n't a primary , it was a straw poll held at CPAC , the huge conservative convention that 's been going on the last few days .
In the straw poll , Paul easily whipped second-place finisher Mitt Romney -- the former PE chief and liberal Massachusetts governor , who 's trying to ride Scott Brown 's coattails to a second chance at his party 's Presidential nomination .
Of course , this was a narrow field -- only CPAC attendees were eligible for the vote ( no Sarah Palin this year ) -- and only 25 % of attendees voted . But still !
Meanwhile , the 2012 re-election is in full swing on the Democratic side . Already there 's chatter about someone from the left trying to primary Barack Obama , and on this morning 's Chris Matthews show , he even asked whether Obama is 100 % running for re-election ( frankly that seems too absurd to contemplate , though it makes for good TV ) .
Here we go .
Posted : October 26 , 2015 by Jovi Umawing
Last updated : March 30 , 2016
Buying and selling things online are just two of the many activities Internet users are fond of doing . For some , they shop for clothes , bags , shoes , jewelries , and books ; for others , they shop for mint condition to used electronics both big and small , such as laptops , tablets , and mobile phones .
Among these , the greater risk of privacy obviously falls on handheld devices . In fact , a recent study shows that some second-hand devices being sold on eBay , Amazon , and Gazelle.com contain residual data ( emails , text and instant messages , call logs , and photos ) from their previous owners .
Blancco Technology Group and Kroll Ontrack , a known mobile diagnostics provider and risk consulting firm , respectively , are behind this study , and they recently released their results in a whitepaper entitled “ Privacy for Sale ” .
Interested readers of this blog can download the paper from their website ; however , they are required to register with their email address , name , and country .
Permanent file deletion has been a recurring topic among electronics aficionados . Believe it or not , attempts at deleting files using common methods may sometimes be unsuccessful .
So in the spirit of National Cybersecurity Awareness Month , we have focused on how users can properly remove personal files from mobile devices .
We consulted with one of our experts on mobile security , Senior Malware Intelligence Analyst Armando Orozco , regarding this matter .
When attempting to ‘ wipe ' a mobile device , Orozco advised that users may want to take a similar approach as they would a PC . This means that they not just delete the data but also try to scramble and overwrite as much as possible . He gives our readers these steps to follow :
Backup . Users may first want to back-up all the data you want to save from that device . One can use cloud backup software , a PC , or one or more external drives if necessary .
Encrypt . If user data is not encrypted and the device has that option available , encrypt all data on the device . Encrypting the data helps scramble the data as it 's seen on the device making it difficult to recover .
Reset . Do an initial factory reset of the device using the built-in tool made available by the OS .
Fake . Simply deleting the data does n't make it disappear . It still resides on the drive/disk/chip and zeroing out the device is n't practical , in most cases . Users may want to create some fake data that will help overwrite some of existing data , making it harder for anyone to stitch old data together . After resetting the device , create some fake data like contacts , non-cognizable pictures ( with geolocation turned off ) and a video or two . Do not sign in to any accounts , setup Wi-Fi , or create any other identifying data anymore .
Reset . Do a second factory reset of the device .
Repeat . Do step 3 , 4 , and 5 again , if needed ( or if the user is extra paranoid ) .
Remember . Do n't forget to remove the SIM and any external memory cards from the device .
It 's a bit of an involved process to help secure and remove one 's data , but it 's time well spent .
Jovi Umawing
× BREAKING : Reports of shooting at Lacey area high school
UPDATE > > Shooter in custody , no one reportedly hurt
LACEY , Wash. — Emergency dispatchers confirmed they had received reports of a shooting at North Thurston High School in Lacey Monday morning .
Little was known about the possible shooting at 7:30 a.m. North Thurston Schools tweeted at 7:50 that a shooter was apprehended by staff , and reportedly nobody was hurt .
Shooter apprehended by staff . Reportedly nobody hurt . School will be dismissed after police finish sweeping school . School messenger coming — N. Thurston Schools ( @ NTPSnews ) April 27 , 2015
Multiple students tweeted about the incident . An unidentified student spoke with Q13 FOX News reporter Tom Yazwinski and said that when she arrived at school , she saw people running out . People screamed “ shooting , ” and the girl drove off , the student said .
Shooting at Thurston … http : //t.co/jTz1LSAzPK—
darnay k ( @ darnaaay ) April 27 , 2015
North Thurston High School is located at 600 Sleater Kinney Road near the border of Olympia and Lacey .
This story is breaking and will be updated shortly .
Beedi tycoon Mohammed Nisham ran over a guard with his Hummer SUV in Kerala in January
A Kerala billionaire imprisoned for ramming his SUV into a security guard was allowed by policemen to lunch with family and friends at a hotel after a scheduled court hearing was postponed by a few hours in Thrissur on Tuesday . The cops escorting him had joined his party . Five of them have been suspended.In court , the policemen were informed that the hearing for beedi tycoon Muhammed Nisham had been postponed and were directed to take him to the nearest police station . Instead , the cops allowed him to have lunch in a special room of a hotel , without handcuffs . Mr Nisham spent two hours in the hotel , talking to his family members , according to top police officials from Kannur.CCTV footage of Mr Nisham 's time in the hotel has been handed over to investigators looking into the suspension of the five police personnel.In January , Mr Nisham drove his Hummer straight into a guard , who was reportedly late by a few seconds to let him through the entrance to his gated neighbourhood in Thrissur . Mr Nisham then allegedly got out of the car and used an iron rod to hit the man , who died later in hospital.Mr Nisham 's lawyers have said the murder was not pre-meditated and was an accident.In addition to a vastly profitable tobacco business , Mr Nisham owns property businesses in the Middle East . Two years ago , his nine-year-old son was filmed while driving their Ferrari in their neighbourhood , resulting in a police case after the video was uploaded on YouTube by Mr Nisham and his wife .
In this Thursday , March 7 , 2013 file photo , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the company 's headquarters in Menlo Park , Calif. Facebook wants to get more of the world 's more than 7 billion people online through a partnership with some of the world 's largest mobile technology companies . Facebook Inc. announced a partnership called Internet.org . Jeff Chiu
Facebook wants to get more of the world 's more than 7 billion people — all of them , actually — online through a partnership with some of the world 's largest mobile technology companies .
Facebook Inc. announced a partnership called Internet.org on Wednesday . In addition to the world 's biggest online social network , the group also includes Korean electronics giant Samsung , Finnish handset maker Nokia and wireless chipmaker Qualcomm Inc .
Facebook said the group 's goal is to `` make Internet access available to the two-thirds of the world who are not yet connected '' — about 5 billion people .
The group 's plans include developing cheaper smartphones and tools that would reduce the amount of data required to run apps . For Facebook , the move would certainly add more users to its current 1.15 billion , but CEO Mark Zuckerberg paints it as something bigger .
`` For nine years , we 've been on a mission to connect the world . We now connect more than 1 billion people , but to connect the next 5 billion we must solve a much bigger problem : the vast majority of people do n't have access to the internet , '' Zuckerberg wrote on his Facebook page along with a paper titled `` Is Connectivity A Human Right ? ''
He points out that the people who already use Facebook `` have way more money than the rest of the world combined . '' That means it may `` not actually be pro ? table for us to serve the next few billion people for a very long time , if ever . But we believe everyone deserves to be connected . ''
Javier Olivan , vice president of growth and analytics at Facebook , said the move continues what the company has already been doing to get more people online . This includes `` Facebook For Every Phone , '' an app that launched in 2011 to let people with simple , non-smartphones use Facebook .
Wireless equipment company Ericsson , Web browser developer Opera Software and MediaTek , another wireless semiconductor company , are also founding members of Internet.org .
Google Inc. , which is not a part of the Internet.org effort , launched a similar undertaking earlier this year with the goal of getting everyone on Earth online . Called Project Loon , the project launched Internet-beaming antennas abroad giant helium balloons into the stratosphere .
Every share makes Black Voice louder ! Share To
`` If I 'm not putting myself in the position to really effect change then what am I doing ? Hopefully somewhere I have the opportunity to change someone 's mind '' , she said .
Renata Phillip , a 36-year-old woman , had been a teacher for 11 years before she decided to become a police officer . She made her decision in the thick of the growing concern over police brutality after numerous deaths of Black men at the hands of officers in the recent years .
Phillip grew up in an upper-middle-class neighborhood which consists of mostly whites , 30 miles east of Los Angeles . She was never motivated by race , but that is her major motivation now as she nears completion of her training to become a deputy of the L.A. County 's sheriff . She hopes to wipe away the perception a lot of people have of police officers . “ If I can have a positive experience with someone and maybe help them change their mind , why not ? ” she said .
Asia Hardy , a Black 26-year-old , who also joined the police a year ago , works as a probation officer in one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in Los Angeles . She had few words of advice for Phillip and what she could expect on the streets . “ I get called a sellout sometimes , ” she said . Some will tell her : “ Why are you doing the white man 's job ? ” However , others see her as a shining light . “ They 'll say , ‘ I 'm glad you 're out here representing us , ' ” she said . “ Or you get the little girl pointing at you and saying , ‘ Look , Mommy , there 's a girl cop . ' Things like that make my day . I want that little girl to know she can grow up and be a cop if she wants to . ”
Phillip , the former teacher at Ganesha High School in Pomona , made her decision to join the police after she found herself helping her students with problems outside the classroom on numerous occasions . She found it fulfilling and she enjoyed it . One of her students was suffering from depression after losing a friend to gang violence . He started to cause problems in the class and ventured into using drugs . Phillip offered as much help as she could by building a rapport with the student and gaining his trust . After some time , he opened up about his problems ; Phillip helped him move to another school and that helped him to recover from the trauma he went through .
When Phillips told her parents about the decision she made , her mother cried because she was concerned about the safety of her daughter , because she believes the job of a police officer is dangerous . After praying about it and seeing how passionate her daughter was about law enforcement , her mother said she 's now fully on board . “ I 'm just really proud of her and I just really want her to be safe , ” she said .
The courage and commitment this Black woman shows is really something to admire . In a society where police brutality on Blacks is rampant , she has decided to take a stand and help to make it a better place . We hope to have more decent Black people in law enforcement , so as to curb the growing number of cases of police brutality on Blacks .
Ensure to visit this page for all exclusive news and updates . Kindly SHARE this article on any social media of your choice .
The Income Tax Appellate Tribunal ( ITAT ) order on NDTV has stated that in the year 2009 , the Ministry of Corporate Affairs was hands in gloves with the owners of NDTV in hiding financial information of the foreign shell companies floated and used for money laundering of Rs 642 crores .
The ITAT held Dr Prannoy Roy personally responsible in tax evasion and laundering of 642 crore of rupees .
The order states that NDTV and its promoters laundered 1,100 crore of black money during 2007-08 to 2009-10 out of which finding of black money to the tune of 642.54 crore and its laundering has been confirmed by the ITAT
“ The ITAT confirmed the finding of the income Tax Department that Prannoy Roy made conscious attempt to hide financial details of foreign paper subsidiary companies of NDTV by not attaching audited profit loss account , balance sheet and annual report of these foreign shell companies along with annual report of NDTV , ” ITAT order read .
The ITAT further holds the view that Dr Roy , before making an application to Ministry of Corporate Affairs on May 8 , 2009 , seeking an exemption to the NDTV for not making disclosure of financials of foreign companies misinformed shareholders and other regulatory authorities on April 30 , 2009 , that Ministry of Corporate Affairs has already granted the exemption to NDTV .
“ In the nutshell , Dr Roy was sure that MCA will grant such exemption even before approaching the ministry , ” the order read .
The tribunal also observed , `` It is for other regulatory and supervisory agencies to get alarmed with such an act . In view of these glaring facts , we do not have any hesitation to say that the conduct of the assesse shows that they never had intention to disclose the details of its subsidiary companies and financial transactions to its stakeholders and to regulatory authorities including Income Tax Authorities . ”
In a new op-ed for the Cincinnati Enquirer , House Speaker John Boehner argues that the Affordable Care Act should be on the table for cuts in a deficit reduction deal .
He writes :
The president 's health care law adds a massive , expensive , unworkable government program at a time when our national debt already exceeds the size of our country 's entire economy . We ca n't afford it , and we ca n't afford to leave it intact . That 's why I 've been clear that the law has to stay on the table as both parties discuss ways to solve our nation 's massive debt challenge .
The Ohio Republican also promises to use his House majority to go after Obamacare through the oversight process , mentioning recent efforts by the Ways and Means Committee to probe whether the administration is using taxpayer funds inappropriately when it comes to the health care law .
By Mark Kennedy
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Stephen Harper , whose government has been promising greater civility in the House of Commons , on Monday missed the first question period of the new Parliament .
Mr. Harper was visiting the flood-devastated Richelieu Valley region of Quebec in the morning and was not in the House in time for the beginning of the daily grilling from opposition parties in question period .
In Quebec , Mr. Harper pledged financial aid to help the province pay for flood mitigation efforts , and also promised to fast-track employment insurance for area residents .
But the Official opposition was n't impressed by his absence from the House .
“ On the first day of work , people expect you to show up , ” said NDP caucus whip Chris Charlton .
“ If you want to restore Canadians ' confidence in Parliament , then the leadership has to come from the top . ”
Related Harper pledges funding for Quebec flood repair
She said NDP leader Jack Layton has made a commitment to improve the decorum and improve civility in the Commons , and that “ it 's incumbent upon the prime minister to do his part in that as well . ”
Asked if she thinks the opposition parties were being snubbed by Mr. Harper , she said the real focus should be on what it means for Canadians .
“ Frankly , I think it 's more about what does it say about respect for Canadians who need to have their issues heard in Parliament . ”
She said question period is “ about accountability , it 's about holding the government to account on behalf of Canadians . ”
Mr. Harper 's trip to the flooded region in Quebec was his first since the disaster struck about 50 days ago .
The prime minister has faced criticism for not going earlier . He travelled to Manitoba to survey the flood damage there , and to Alberta to see forest fire damage after a blaze destroyed much of the community of Slave Lake .
In Quebec — where his party dropped from 11 seats to just five in the May 2 election — he did not personally travel to witness the flood damage . Instead , Defence Minister Peter MacKay and Industry Minister Christian Paradis , the senior Quebec minister , went to the region .
“ He had 50 days to go to St-Jean-Richelieu , ” Ms. Charlton said .
“ He found time to go to Slave Lake . He found time to go to Winnipeg . And he should have found time , frankly , to go to Richelieu before today . ”
Mr. Layton , whose party swept 59 seats in Quebec in the election , has travelled to the Richelieu region to meet with local officials and residents .
The TV images of him , wearing rubber boots as he walked through the high waters , have stood in stark contrast to Mr. Harper 's absence .
On Sunday , the prime minister 's office announced that Mr. Harper would visit the region
By Roberta Rosenthal Kwall
Kosher products made the news at least twice so far this year . First , the Orthodox Union gave its blessing to the medical marijuana products made by Vireo Health of New York . Then the Good Shepherd Poultry Ranch in Kansas announced plans to ship 1,500 of its healthy and genetically pure bred chickens to a rabbinically-supervised slaughterhouse in upstate New York . For the first time since the advent of factory farming more than fifty years ago , kosher heritage poultry will be available for commercial sale .
I suspect that the reaction among Jews to these two announcements was generally very different . Even those Jews somewhat familiar with the Jewish dietary laws probably were somewhat puzzled by the Vireo Health development . Many Jews probably did not realize that the capsules and all other manufactured forms of cannabis must be certified kosher according to the letter of the dietary laws . On the other hand , the need for chickens to be ritually slaughtered still is well-known among many Jews . And I would not be surprised if the news about the upcoming availability of ethically produced and certified kosher chickens was warmly received by most Jews , even those who do not keep kosher .
Across American generally , there has been a huge surge of interest in organic and sustainable eating , and in the ethical treatment of animals . But Judaism 's concern for animals is not new – it dates to the Torah . The Jewish Initiative for Animals builds on this foundation by educating Jews about humane eating and the problems with factory farming .
These themes should resonate with all Jews , not just those who strictly adhere to the dietary laws . The proprietor of the Good Shepherd ranch , Frank Reese Jr. , is Catholic but recently learned of some Jewish lineage on his mother 's side . He says he loves that his animals “ are going to people who respect their food , and who realize that what they choose to eat affects creation for the next generation . ”
This intelligent framing of kashrut should serve as a wake-up call for the majority of Jewish Americans who do not keep kosher . According to the 2013 Pew Report , although 94 percent of American Jews say they are proud to be Jewish , only 22 percent say they keep a kosher home . Keeping kosher is mandated by Jewish law , which covers not only ritualistic practices but also virtually all aspects of human behavior including ethics , sex , and even the order in which one puts on and ties shoes .
A major problem is that for the vast majority of American Jews , including many who say they believe in God , is that the concept of Jewish law as binding authority simply does not resonate . I co-directed a center for Jewish Law and Jewish Studies at my university for six years and the most common question I received , even from somewhat knowledgeable Jews , was “ why is Jewish law binding today ? ” This question is not surprising given that we live in a society infused by autonomy and customization . The prevalence of “ cafeteria Judaism ” is part of what frustrates so many Jewish professionals in their search for how to promote a greater interest in Judaism among their constituencies .
In my conversations with Jews from a variety of backgrounds and levels of education , I began to notice a shift in understanding when I replaced the off-putting language of “ Jewish law ” with the more comfortable and familiar language of “ Jewish tradition. ” The language of “ law ” suggests iron-clad rules and consequences for disobedience that are foreign to all but the most observant Jews . But “ tradition ” connotes positive associations and the desire for transmission .
Those Jews who are proud to be Jewish and desire to transmit this pride and sense of peoplehood to their children and grandchildren need to consider their obligation to the Jewish tradition , even if they do not feel bound to observe the law in the same way as Jews who would not consume medical marijuana without a kosher certification . This concept of having an obligation to preserve the tradition can also help Jewish educators instill a sense of accountability to maintain the fundamentals of the tradition that have shaped and molded the Jewish people throughout the millennia . As Frank Reese well knows , the dietary laws are a core element of this tradition .
Kosher practice means different things to different people . Some Jews just buy kosher meat but do not keep two sets of dishes or otherwise separate meat from dairy ; some Jews buy only foods that are certified as kosher while others read ingredients on food labels and avoid those products that contain blatantly non-kosher items . Some Jews keep kosher homes but for wine , despite the tradition 's requirement that wine be certified kosher . Also , there are more than a few Jews who keep a kosher home to some extent but are more liberal in their practices when eating outside their homes .
These liberal variations ought not be seen as a negative . I see this diversity as a way to open the door for more Jews to begin thinking seriously about their obligation to perpetuate the Jewish tradition and how adhering to some aspects of kashrut fit within this obligation .
Jews who are proud to be Jewish , and who want to instill this pride in the next generation , must address the reality that the Jewish tradition can only survive if Jews embrace those elements of the tradition , such as kashrut , that make it uniquely Jewish . Although the majority of Jews may never be concerned with whether medical marijuana is kosher , the news from Good Shepherd Poultry Ranch provides a welcome reminder of why keeping kosher is an important means of expressing one 's Jewish identity .
Roberta Rosenthal Kwall is the Raymond P. Niro Professor at DePaul University College of Law . She is the author of “ The Myth of the Cultural Jew : Culture and Law in Jewish Tradition ” ( Oxford University Press , 2015 ) and is a 2016 fellow of the Public Voices Fellowship of The Oped Project .
The record is an important milestone for Jeffrey Katzenberg 's Shanghai-based Oriental DreamWorks venture , which spared no expense in animating the film in both English and Chinese .
DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg 's recent prediction that Kung Fu Panda 3 would become the biggest animated film ever at the Chinese box office rang true over the weekend .
As of Sunday morning , the pic had earned $ 144.2 million , sweeping past previous record-holder Monkey King : Hero is Back to claim China 's all-time animation crown , according to data from 20th Century Fox , which is distributing the film stateside .
According to data from Beijing-based box office monitor Ent Group , Kung Fu Panda 3 had pulled in 975 million Chinese yuan ( $ 149 million ) by the end of Sunday . Monkey King : Hero is Back , directed by first-timer Tian Xiaopeng on a budget of just $ 16 million , came out of nowhere to gross 956 million Chinese yuan ( about $ 144 million at current exchange rates ) last summer . In North America , KFP3 has grossed $ 128.5 million .
The record is an important milestone for Katzenberg and DWA . Kung Fu Panda 3 is the first film from the studio 's burgeoning Shanghai-based venture , Oriental DreamWorks , which was established in 2012 in partnership with two state-backed Chinese companies with a combined investment of $ 350 million in cash and intellectual capital .
On an earnings call last week , Katzenberg said the budding Chinese studio is on a path to becoming `` a leading [ content ] provider in China . '' After some initial challenges , Oriental DreamWorks is now in a `` very , very enviable and valuable position , '' he said .
Oriental DreamWorks leveraged its Chinese resources to create an innovative dual-language English and Mandarin release for Kung Fu Panda 3 . Unlike typical local-language animated releases , which involve simple overdubbing of dialogue , Kung Fu Panda 3 characters ' mouths and body language were animated twice to match the nuances of both languages . In the lead-up to the film 's release , Katzenberg predicted that many Chinese filmgoers would see the movie twice out of curiosity about the differences between versions .
Oriental DreamWorks has n't released a box-office breakdown on the performance of the two versions in China , but the studio says it is pleased with how the experiment paid off .
`` We are especially excited by the warm reception of our Mandarin version of the movie , '' Oriental DreamWorks CEO James Fong told The Hollywood Reporter in an email .
`` Kung Fun Panda 3 also gives our studio the confidence to continue to develop and produce our own slate of original content , which we will share in the near future , '' he said , adding : `` For Oriental DreamWorks , the best is yet to come . ''
The Kung Fu Panda franchise has closely tracked the historic growth of the Chinese theatrical market , which is expected to surpass North America next year as the world 's largest . The first film grossed $ 26 million in 2008 and the second earned an estimated $ 92 million in 2011 — and each installment has reached a record high for animation in the country .
Although Kung Fu Panda 3 has been overshadowed during the latter half of its run by local titles such as The Mermaid — the Stephen Chow blockbuster has pulled in an astonishing $ 480 million since its release at the start of Chinese New Year in early February — the former pic has continued kicking , adding modest but steady daily earnings . And it can be expected to continue adding to its animation record : Late last week , the film received permission from Chinese regulators to extend its run by an additional 30 days .
Carolyn Kaster/AP Photo
The wedding bells will chime in the 106-year-old Washington National Cathedral as Rev . Gary Hall affirmed that , effective immediately , same-sex weddings may be celebrated at the Cathedral of the Episcopal Church located in the northwest quadrant of Washington D.C .
The National Cathedral has welcomed hundreds of thousands of visitors and held both celebrations and funerals for U.S. presidents past .
In August 2012 , the church approved the ceremonial use of a rite adapted from an existing blessing ceremony to acknowledge same-sex marriage . The Episcopal Church will be among the first to recognize marriage for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender couples .
Get more pure politics at ABCNews.com/Politics and a lighter take on the news at OTUSNews.com
`` For more than 30 years , the Episcopal Church has prayed and studied to discern the evidence of God 's blessing in the lives of same-sex couples , '' Rev . Gary Hall of the National Cathedral said . `` We enthusiastically affirm each person as a beloved child of God-and doing so means including the full participation of gays and lesbians in the life of this spiritual home for the nation . ''
The District of Columbia and Maryland ( as well as eight other states ) have adopted the legality of civil marriage for same-sex couples . The Rt . Rev . Mariann Edgar Budde , whose Episcopal Diocese of Washington includes D.C. as well as four counties in Maryland , decided this December to follow suit expanding the sacrament of marriage to same-sex couples in her diocese as well .
But the decision to institute the same-sex rite at the Washington National Cathedral was ultimately made by Hall who serves as the Cathedral 's dean .
`` In my 35 years of ordained ministry , some of the most personally inspiring work I have witnessed has been among gay and lesbian communities where I have served . ''
Hall continued , `` I consider it a great honor to lead this Cathedral as it takes another historic step toward greater equality-and I am pleased that this step follows the results made clear in this past November 's election , when three states voted to allow same-sex marriage . ''
The same-sex weddings that will be conducted at the Cathedral will fulfill the same role as Christian marriages . Eligibility to marry in the National Cathedral follows the protocol of the Christian faith .
At least one of the members in the couple must have been baptized and the couple must be active , contributing members of the congregation unless otherwise specified by the dean .
File this under “ eh , may not happen , but it 's interesting . ”
Evan Grant of the Dallas Morning News reports that the Rays have “ checked in ” with the Rangers regarding a possible trade for Jurickson Profar .
The Rays need a second baseman now that Logan Forsythe has been traded . Their most obvious move is to move Brad Miller to second base and replace him with one of the several passable but unexciting first base options left on the market . They could nab Profar , however , who is most suited to second . Meanwhile , the Rangers have been rumored to be close to signing Mike Napoli for some time to cover their 1B job , which Profar is currently slated to share in a platoon while subbing elsewhere around the diamond . Napoli in Texas and Profar in Tampa Bay makes a lot of sense .
No matter what happens , it 'd be interesting to see Profar get a whole season in the bigs at a set position . The once top prospect missed the entire 2014 and 2015 seasons with shoulder injuries , but came back in the middle of 2016 and hit quite well for the Rangers for two months before falling off late in the year . Was it fatigue or was he merely exposed as a not-so-great hitter ? Someone is going to find out this year . It 'll be interesting to see who takes the gamble .
This post brought to you by the “ Society for Those Who Were Sorta Fixated on Profar for a Couple of Years and Who Have a Hard Time Letting Prospects Go . ”
Follow @ craigcalcaterra
By Richard McCarty
Last year , the Service Employees International Union spent over $ 5 million trying to get a ballot measure passed that would have imposed a huge tax hike on businesses in Oregon . Measure 97 would have increased taxes on businesses ' gross sales , not their profits , by $ 3 billion each year .
According to the state 's nonpartisan Legislative Revenue Office , the tax hike would have cost jobs and would have been regressive impacting less-affluent residents more heavily than the affluent . Because the corporate tax hike would have likely been passed on to customers in the form of higher costs for food , clothing , medicine , and utilities , among other things , the measure would have created a hidden sales tax . If approved , the measure would have increased state revenues by approximately 25 % ; this massive tax hike would have been the largest in the state 's history .
Unsurprisingly , the measure was opposed by many businesses , both large and small , trade associations , chambers of commerce , and the Wall Street Journal . Some of the largest newspapers in the state also opposed it . One of these papers , the Corvallis Gazette-Times wrote , “ We recommend a ‘ no ' vote on this poorly conceived measure , which will end up costing Oregon consumers. ” Fortunately , Measure 97 was soundly defeated at the polls last November 59 % -41 % with 34 of the state 's 36 counties opposing it .
Rather than accept that Oregonians just are n't interested in enacting a hidden sales tax , SEIU continued its efforts to hike corporate taxes . This time , SEIU tried to pressure the state legislature to impose the tax hike .
After failing to reach a consensus on new transportation funding in 2015 , Oregon legislators tried again this past legislative session . ( Eventually , they passed legislation hiking taxes and fees ; these tax and fee increases are expected to raise over $ 5 billion dollars over the next decade to fund transportation improvements , which will provide jobs for unionized construction workers . ) SEIU claimed to support this legislation ; but , late in the legislative session , SEIU threatened to submit the legislation to voters and try to get voters to overturn it — if legislators would n't cave and also impose SEIU 's corporate tax .
Even Gov . Kate Brown , a Democrat who supported SEIU 's tax-hiking ballot measure last year , disagreed with SEIU 's ploy . In reference to SEIU 's threats , Brown stated , “ I do not support those tactics. ” She went on to say that “ she is ‘ opposed to this type of strategy ' in this instance and described it as ‘ cutting off your nose to spite your face . ' ” Brown 's opposition to SEIU 's tactics is all the more surprising given the fact that one SEIU local was her second largest contributor in last year 's election .
Why was SEIU so bent on hiking corporate taxes , in spite of the costs to consumers , workers , and business owners ? Because their union bosses want more money for the government , more government workers , more SEIU members , and more money from dues . And in its quest for money and power , SEIU clearly does n't care how many people oppose its tax on businesses and consumers .
In the end , SEIU 's threats failed to sway legislators , and SEIU backed down agreeing not to try to get voters to scuttle the transportation funding plan . Maybe SEIU should leave the legislating to the legislators , stop wasting its members ' dues money on political games , and focus instead on representing its members . After all , Oregon legislators have demonstrated that they are perfectly capable of hiking taxes ; they do n't need any more ideas from SEIU on how to soak taxpayers .
Richard McCarty is Director of Research for the Americans for Limited Government Foundation
