SAN FRANCISCO — Airbnb on Monday announced a cash infusion of up to $ 200 million that will help it roll out Airbnb-branded apartments — buildings designed from the ground-up for home-sharing — in cities across the country .
There 's already one 324-unit building in the works in Kissimmee , Florida , and Airbnb 's developer partner plans to open at least three more by the end of 2018 . Silicon Valley residents eventually may see one in their community . While Airbnb has said the project first will target communities in the Southeastern U.S. , the Bay Area is “ obviously a great potential area , ” said Chris Lehane , Airbnb 's global head of policy and public affairs .
“ This is going to be part of the future of housing , not only in Florida , but also across the country , ” Lehane said Monday during a conference call with reporters
Real estate investor Brookfield Property Partners is contributing up to $ 200 million to the new apartments — which will be called “ Niido Powered by Airbnb ” — including $ 20 million already allotted to the Florida project under construction . That building is slated to open next year .
The apartments will be built by Miami-based developer Newgard Development Group , which will fund construction and retain ownership of the buildings .
Tenants who move into the new apartments will have permission to rent their homes on Airbnb for up to 180 days per year , as long as they give their landlord a portion of the revenue they make . The apartments also will be designed to make life easy both for home-sharing hosts and guests — with features such as keyless entry , shared common spaces and a “ master host ” at each property who can assist with checking guests in and cleaning . The package comes with a new Airbnb-integrated app that tenants can use to manage their short-term rentals .
The idea is to allow tenants to earn extra cash , helping them afford their rent . Many millennials — the demographic most likely to use Airbnb — struggle to pay rent both in the Bay Area and beyond . Across the U.S. , 46 percent of millennials who rent their homes are “ rent burdened , ” meaning they spend more than 30 percent of their income on rent , Lehane said .
Last month Airbnb also launched a program that gives tenants in certain San Francisco apartments the green light to rent their places on the short-term rental website . As part of this new pilot program , tenants in five buildings owned by Veritas Investments will turn over a portion of their Airbnb proceeds to their landlord — the percentage varies depending on the landlord .
“ Many millennials struggle to afford the high cost of housing , ” Lehane said . “ Airbnb is not the solution , but I do think we 're part of a broader solution . ”
For now , many renters who choose to use Airbnb to help make ends meet do so behind their landlords ' backs .
“ 99.99 % of leases do not allow for subletting right now , ” said Sean Conway , CEO of San Francisco-based property management startup Pillow , which is managing the Veritas Airbnb rentals . “ These are leases that were put in place decades ago , before Airbnb was around . ”
That 's created a “ wild west ” culture where liability and security issues are rampant , Conway said . To combat those problems , Conway hopes landlords soon will grant permission for short-term rentals , and craft accompanying rules , as standard in their leases .
San Francisco tries to prevent tenants from listing their homes on Airbnb without their landlord 's approval . Airbnb hosts must register with the city , and when they do , Airbnb sends their landlord a courtesy note advising them that their tenant has applied for a short-term rental permit . San Jose has no such registry , but Airbnb 's website warns San Jose hosts to read their lease and check with their landlord before listing their home . Oakland has yet to legalize Airbnb and other short-term rentals at all — the city started the process in January with a public workshop on the issue , but the effort has stalled .
Airbnb has caused plenty of problems between landlords and tenants in the past . Massive apartment landlord Apartment Investment & Management Co. ( AIMCO ) sued Airbnb earlier this year , complaining its tenants violated their leases by renting out their apartments on the site . And some landlords have responded to unauthorized home-sharing by terminating the offending tenant 's lease . Related Articles Looking for a home in Silicon Valley ? Better make $ 255,000
For whites only : Shocking language found in property docs throughout Bay Area
Century-old Bay Area family estate could fetch record price
Oakland 's 2nd annual Black Joy Parade celebrates energy , creativity , excellence
Opinion : California has rare opportunity to make housing progress
But Airbnb and landlords are starting to make nice , as projects such as Veritas and Niido show . Airbnb now has 13,000 units eligible for short-term rentals as part of its “ Airbnb Friendly Buildings ” initiative — a program through which tenants and landlords share the proceeds from Airbnb rentals .
“ We're…seeing growing support from the housing industry , ” Lehane said , “ who see home-sharing as a powerful way to attract new tenants . ”
Some years back , in 2006 , the late director Aaron Russo put together a piece he entitled , “ From Freedom to Fascism. ” The core question Mr. Russo set out to answer in his film centered on the legality of the federal income tax . I remember when I first viewed his work that my primary response was astonishment at how groomed we have been to accept the government 's confiscation of our private wealth without even considering on what legal grounds the federal government has to seize a portion of the wages that we make via our own labor , and for that matter , even before we gain possession of that wealth ourselves . The film is somewhat controversial and of course has its critics , but it really makes you think . So much so that I incorporated it into my college course curriculum — I wanted to get my students to share their thoughts with me regarding their opinion of Mr. Russo 's views on the matter .
Fundamentally , what we earn through our labor is our private property . The Fifth Amendment to the Constitution outlines the requirements for eminent domain , stating that “ nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation. ” While this has traditionally been applied to tangible property , should it not also apply to the most fundamental property right there is – the right to keep what one earns through one 's own labor ?
Let 's look at the definition of slavery : There are various descriptions in a myriad of dictionaries , but the bottom line is , a slave is someone who is not in control of the value of their own labor . In other words , slaves were subjected to the confiscation of the value of their labor , against their will , by someone other than themselves , for the use of others . Is this not what happens when our government , through threat of law or violence against us , forces us to turn over to the government the value of our labor “ for public use ? ” It appears that the seizure of what we earn by working violates not only the Fifth Amendment , but also the due process clauses of the 5th and 14th Amendments as well . We are required to turn over our own money , before we even see it , without just compensation and without the right to successfully prevent the government from this forced seizure of private property . Thus the coining ( no pun intended ) of the moniker , “ tax slave . ”
We are viewed by our government as sources of revenue to be used at the whims of said government . What , you say , how else will the government raise money for the military , “ entitlements , ” roads , schools and other basic services ? Prior to the 16th Amendment , which was passed into law in 1913 , there was no income tax , and yet our country grew in wealth and technology more in just over a century after its founding than any civilization in the history of the world . Russo points out that our roads are paid for through fuel taxes and our schools are funded by property taxes – assuming they are n't misappropriated for other purposes by the stewards of our wealth . The contention is that our income taxes go mainly to pay the interest on the overwhelming debt that our “ representatives ” have amassed over the course of many decades .
Russo also contends that the 16th Amendment was never properly ratified , that it was summarily shoved through into law during the dead of night at Christmastime by corrupt politicians ( sound familiar ) ?
What makes us so subservient to a hostile government that we willingly allow a system whereby our money can be seized ? And the waste and abuse of that money , earned on the backs of taxpayers , is beyond mind-boggling . If a private bank or investment firm or anyone else that was a steward of your hard-earned dollars mismanaged those precious funds the way that our government does , you can bet there would be severe criminal and civil ramifications .
It 's not unusual for my students to be skeptical about at least some portions of Mr. Russo 's piece . I honestly have not authenticated every portion of it . But if you can carve out a couple of hours to watch it , I recommend that you do . If nothing else , it definitely will make you think .
By Ted Sherman and Mark Mueller
In a grim day of reckoning at the state 's largest newspaper , the owners of The Star-Ledger today said they were eliminating the jobs of approximately 167 people , including 25 percent of the newsroom .
The sweeping job loss was part of a plan announced last week in an effort to greatly reduce costs and combine resources by consolidating the operations of The Star-Ledger , along with its sister publications in New Jersey and its online partner , NJ.com , which also announced cutbacks today .
The Star-Ledger , which has won three Pulitzer Prizes and several national awards , currently has 750 employees , of which approximately 500 are non unionized . None of the cuts announced today will affect unionized personnel , who are covered under existing labor contracts .
The cuts will mean the loss of 40 of the 156 reporters , editors , photographers and support staff in The Star-Ledger newsroom , which had already seen a parade of people leaving in recent weeks over concerns about the paper 's future and the continuing fiscal pressures affecting newspapers across the country . One of those leaving voluntarily had been slated to be cut .
The newsroom is not unionized .
Elsewhere at the Newark-based paper , where whole offices now stand vacant , attesting to tremendous loss of personnel through buyouts and earlier layoffs , 127 more are losing their jobs across all departments .
The cuts were not unexpected , with the announcement last week of the creation of a new media company—NJ Advance Media—which is to provide content , advertising and marketing services to all the newspapers owned by Advance Publications in New Jersey and Pennsylvania . Sales and marketing functions of the new company will launch in June , with content operations to begin in September , according to executives .
More job eliminations were announced at NJ.com , which serves as the online home of the New Jersey Advance Publications newspapers and had hired its own staff of reporters , some in beats already covered by The Star-Ledger .
Officials last week said by consolidating services and eliminating positions—including a combined newsroom staff in the new company—they expected to see significant savings at a time of great upheaval for the newspaper industry , which has struggled to remain profitable as advertising dollars migrated to the internet or evaporated outright in the recent recession .
Despite the consolidations , all four of the daily newspapers—The Star-Ledger , The Times of Trenton , The South Jersey Times and The Express-Times of Easton , Pa.—will continue to publish seven days a week , the executives said .
The Star-Ledger remains New Jersey 's largest daily newspaper , with a print circulation of 167,600 and 265,500 on Sunday , not including digital circulation , which boosts that to 285,200 daily and 369,700 , based on audited numbers for the six-month period ending September 2013 .
Industry analysts say newspapers across the country , hit hard by the digital age , have been experiencing a steady decline in readership and dramatic declines in ad revenues , with many large public newspaper companies reducing their work forces by 30 percent to 42 percent since 2006 .
Other Advance-owned newspapers around the country , including the New Orleans Times-Picayune , the Cleveland Plain Dealer , and the Oregonian , have already experienced severe job losses , and in some cases reduced the frequency of publication or home delivery , as the company has pursued an aggressive “ click-based ” digital strategy , questioned by critics , aimed at driving traffic to its websites in hopes of generating revenues .
Company officials say The Star-Ledger was on track to lose $ 19 million this year . Advance Publications , owned by the Newhouse family , is privately held and does not publicly disclose earnings .
The Star-Ledger , which once had a job security pledge for its non-union employees , has already gone through a round of layoffs—eliminating 34 jobs , including 18 full-timers in the newsroom last year . The owners of the paper then threatened to shut it down without significant concessions from its production unions , which ultimately ratified new four-year contracts and agreed to buyout packages for at least 55 workers .
The paper has seen its news gathering staff drop significantly over the past five years , from a high of 350 , through buyouts and attrition . In 2008 , Advance Publications , citing millions in losses , threatened to sell the newspaper if it could not win union concessions and persuade a large number of non-union , full-time workers to take buyouts . Ultimately , 304 people agreed to buyouts , including 151 in the newsroom .
Even as the staff was reduced , though , the paper continued to win national prizes and was voted newspaper of the year by the New Jersey Press Association .
Those being let go will not necessarily leave immediately . In packets that were being handed out this morning , those being told their jobs were being eliminated were offered severance packages if they agreed to stay with the newspaper until NJ Advance Media , new media company being formed , is up and running .
Star-Ledger employees receiving offer letters of jobs with the new company in some cases were being given different positions or titles , some at lower pay . They will have a week to decide to accept the offer , the offer letters said .
NJ Advance Media 's main newsroom is expected to open in September just outside Metropark in Woodbridge . The Star-Ledger and other affected newspapers will retain a smaller number of news and production employees .
NJ.com President Matt Kraner will serve as president of NJ Advance Media . The Star-Ledger 's editor , Kevin Whitmer , will serve as editor and vice president of content at NJ Advance Media . Lamar Graham , now NJ.com 's chief content officer , will serve as a vice president of audience development . Barb Chodos , currently NJ.com 's general manager , and Steve Alessi , a vice president of sales for The Star-Ledger and NJ.com will both serve as vice presidents of sales for the new media company .
RELATED COVERAGE
• Amid changing media landscape , Star-Ledger , NJ.com and affiliates form new company
• Star-Ledger announces layoffs of 34 employees , including 18 newsroom staff
• Star-Ledger unions ratify new 4-year contracts , agree to buyouts
A Chhattisgarh farmer , believed to be schizophrenic , stunned a team of doctors who found 5.9 kg of metallic objects in his stomach .
Three keys , 431 coins , 196 iron pellets and 17 small bolts were removed from 26-year-old Kamleshwar Singh 's tummy in a three-hour operation in the state 's Korba district on Sunday .
The coins , bolts Kamleshwar Singh consumed . The coins , bolts Kamleshwar Singh consumed .
Let alone the doctors , even the parents and relatives of Singh were shocked when they were told he had swallowed so many iron objects .
Bhojram Dewangan , the director of Shreesti Institute of Medical Science and Research Centre , said : `` The patient had been consuming small iron objects for the last nine months . He visited us complaining of intolerable abdominal pain . After sonography and X-ray tests , the doctors carried out the major surgery . ''
`` We will keep him under observation for a few days . His condition appears stable , '' Dewangan added .
Before the operation , the doctors had prescribed pain killers to Singh for his regular pains , but they only gave him temporary relief . Citing weakness , he had even stopped going to his farm .
The doctors said the diagnostic tests had only shown opaque foreign bodies in the stomach .
Dr L.N . Yadav , who led the team that operated upon Singh , said : `` All the iron objects were lying at the base of his stomach . When we started the surgery , we thought we would find a few items . But as we progressed , we were amazed to find such a huge number of coins and pellets . ''
He added that Singh was lucky nothing had passed into his intestines . `` Signs of chronic ulceration were apparent in the stomach , '' he said .
Singh , surprisingly , did not reveal why he `` ate '' so much `` iron '' . His wife was much concerned .
`` My husband complained of frequent stomach ache and spent sleepless night in the past four weeks . But he kept us in the dark about swallowing iron objects . He stopped going to the field citing weakness and was even unable to have his regular meals , '' she said .
According to health experts , Singh seems to be suffering from Pica ( disorder ) . `` The disorder is largely psychiatric , in which the patient has an appetite for non-nutritional substance , such as hair , chalk or glass , '' senior surgeon Dr A.R . Dalla , who was former chairman of the Chhattisgarh Red Cross Society , said .
But even he added that `` consuming iron objects in such large numbers is bewildering '' .
The Toronto Maple Leafs are reportedly going to be adding some toughness to their roster . This hockey “ opinionist ” says : “ look inward ” .
Toronto native Rich Clune just scored the game seven series-winning goal to send the Marlies to the AHL Eastern Conference finals . Now is as good a time as any to sing his praises…
“ Cluner ” has become a favourite amongst his teammates , known for for his character , his humour , and his willingness to play whatever role is asked of him . That respect and admiration has spilled over to the fans , his coaches and the media as well , and the tough-as-nails energy winger is proving to be more than just a scrapper .
Watching Clune throughout the series versus the Albany Devils , it was clear that he had bought in to Marlies coach Sheldon Keefe 's message of sticking to their structure and not getting goaded into retaliation . His discipline and commitment to playing whistle-to-whistle was noticeable . That he could be found on the ice in the final minutes of a tied game-seven in the playoffs – on a very skilled and deep roster – speaks plenty about the kind of faith coach Keefe has in his veteran warrior . He told reporters after the game : “ He 's worked extremely hard for us through this series and I thought he was as good a player as he had in Game six , and he earns the right to be on the ice late in the game like that…he was in the right spot doing what the coaches ask and that 's what he does all the time and he got rewarded for it in a huge moment so really happy for him ” .
Clune , 29 , signed a one-year , two-way deal with the Toronto Maple Leafs late last October , after previously being signed by the Marlies to an AHL contract . He played 19 NHL games this past season and contributed four assists while racking up 22 minutes in penalties . In the AHL playoffs , he has a goal and two assists across 10 games . The scrappy 5'10 winger may seem a little undersized for the role of shift disturber , but he 's also a very solid 216 pounds and can handle himself rather well at the NHL level . He also sees to it that liberties taken against the talented crop of youngsters are kept to a minimum , without losing control . It 's for these reasons that he actually may warrant consideration for an extension beyond the AHL playoffs .
The Toronto Maple Leafs of 2016-17 will be one of the most skilled incarnations of the club that Leaf fans have seen during this millennium . It will also be the youngest , featuring young guns like William Nylander and quite possibly others such as Kasperi Kapanen , Connor Brown , Mitch Marner , and most likely , Auston Matthews . While not exactly kids , Zach Hyman and Nikita Soshnikov also have a very real shot at cracking the NHL roster in the Fall , and will continue to attract the ire of the opposition with their dynamic , in-your-grill game . Having a teammate with whom they have history and chemistry watching their back makes a lot of sense .
Leafs management has intimated that they will be looking to sign some toughness to keep the opposition honest , which begs the obvious question : who better than the teammate these young prospects already have rapport with , and in trust in ?
Clune has toiled alongside the Marlies ' best and brightest for most of the past season , as well as during the current playoffs . He has proven that he has put his troubles with addiction behind him and can play a committed , team-first brand of puck that does n't hurt the cause or leave the group short-handed due to a lack of discipline . While as rugged as they come , the mixed-martial arts aficionado is also smart enough to appreciate the advantages of playing whistle-to-whistle .
Attempting to over-spend for a Milan Lucic-type during the off-season may appeal to fans of hockey 's more pugilistic elements , but where is the actual logic in tying up millions per season for a player who will be primarily charged with the task of reinforcing that “ safe place to play ” that Leafs coach Mike Babcock has talked about ?
A long-term deal for an established , NHL-calibre veteran tough-guy sounds sorta like a step back , does n't it ? In this era where fighting is at an all-time low , all the Leafs need in terms of “ toughness ” is a player like Clune who is n't at all afraid to come to the aid of his teammates , while showing he can play within the framework of what the coaching staff demands of him . Clune does just that .
He is well-acquainted with the franchises ' players at both the AHL and NHL levels and has earned the chance to contribute going forward . He is well-regarded , highly-motivated , clearly coachable , and a team-first type who the young guys like and trust . If the Maple Leafs want someone to play “ big brother ” to the young guns coming up through the system , It behooves them to consider keeping it in the family by offering Clune a reasonable extension ; perhaps a one-year “ show-me ” contract in which the player has the opportunity to showcase his assets , much the same way they have done previously with the likes of Shawn Matthias , among others . The player is motivated to prove he has value going forward , either with the current club , or to others , while the familiarity he provides likely makes the transition to the NHL a little less daunting for Clune 's present teammates , soon to be making their way through the NHL jungle .
He 's never going to put up big numbers in the NHL , but the journeyman winger represents the kind of stability that is consistent with the messages MLSE is broadcasting across the organization , being that hard work is rewarded , and that Toronto is a safe hockey environment in which to ply your craft .
It is conceivable that Rich Clune 's service to the Maple Leafs organization may continue beyond these AHL playoffs . He 's certainly earned a look .
Main Photo :
In Isaac Asimov 's short story “ The Bicentennial Man , ” the legendary science fiction author imagines a robot who takes the name Andrew Martin . Andrew dreams of becoming human , as he moves from wearing clothes to having a digestive system implanted to , at the story 's end , having his robotic brain altered so it will decay and die just like a human one . He lives 200 years , as the title suggests , yet even that is a voluntary shortening of his potential lifespan if he had remained mechanical .
But even when a robot is made of nuts and bolts and wires , that does n't mean its parts wo n't naturally degrade as time passes . Scientists , however , may have figured out a way to give robots the gift of longevity that could someday rival Andrew Martin 's , thanks to a self-healing material that also borrows a little something from how the human body works . These organic-inspired automatons are known as soft robots .
“ Soft robots exist in several applications like grippers , crawling robots , soft robot arms for endoscopy , ” study coauthor Bram Vanderborght , an engineer at Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Brussels , tells Inverse .
As described in Science Robotics , he and his colleagues in Belgium built and tested an array of what are known as soft robots . Any damage sustained by these robots is repaired on its own , without any lasting “ scars ” or sensitivity left over from the damage . The material could finally make such soft robots practical enough for industry to begin seriously developing these kinds of objects in the real world for practical purposes .
What exactly could a soft , squishy robot do ? Think about the same sort of limitations the human body has when it comes to wiggling its way into small nooks and crannies , dangerous environments with delicate walls and floors and ceilings , moving through paths that might require a bit of shapeshifting , and even interacting safely with people .
“ A robot needs to be over dimensioned ( and hence made heavier ) to withstand exceptional loads , ” he says . “ Moreover , often a robot is very complex and difficult to repair . Soft robots are especially susceptible to sharp objects . With this research , we made a first step to introduce self-healing materials in soft robotics , which we think will start a whole new research field of self-healing robotics . ”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
The different robots the team constructed included a soft pneumatic ( operated by air ) robotic gripper , and hand and artificial muscles out of self-healing elastomers .
The major obstacle , however , is just that — a soft robot is weaker and less durable because of what its made of . “ Softness and flexibility also imply an increased vulnerability to all kinds of sharp objects and edges found in the uncertain environments in which these robots will function , which is also valid for soft organisms , as a matter of fact , ” says Vanderborght .
The Belgian team , observing that soft robots are as delicate as living organisms , decided to find a solution inspired by life itself — hence the self-healing material . The group constructed three different objects : a robotic gripper , a hand , and a pneumatic artificial muscle — all using a material that was able to heal itself from damage in just 20 to 40 minutes of time .
Healing was induced through exposure of heat at about 80 degrees Celsius — enough to break the molecular bonds of the polymer and allow the material to seal the cut at both the macroscopic and microscopic levels once it cooled to room temperature . Each robot could perform its tasks as well as it could before damage and healing .
Repair efficiency , the researchers found , was about 98 to 99 percent . Moreover , the material could be dissolved in chloroform and repurposed into a different shape or object , paving the way for recycling soft-robots made of this material .
But the applications of this material do n't just stop at robots . “ Robotics is one field , ” says Vanderborght , but the new material can “ extend also to other machines and home devices and provide self-healing properties. ” Beyond just practical tasks , the material could facilitate “ a new kind of trust in robots , knowing that their functional performance is not dependent — as it is now — on the human detection and repair of possible damages , which requires constant attentiveness or regular revisions . ”
While the results are a boon for soft robotics itself , they are also a sign that engineers continue to use inspiration from the organic world to find solutions to problems in the artificial one . Self-healing robots are just another step toward self-actualizing ones . Sooner or later , a real Andrew Martin might well arrive .
The Mavericks got off to a slow start on Wednesday night , falling behind by double figures in just six minutes . If this was the only time it had happened , there 's any number of excuses that could be used : the early 6 p.m. start , the customary boos that rained down on Dirk prior to the game , or just dead legs from playing the night before .
But the poor play to start was not an anomaly but a part of a trend that has recently developed for Dallas , a trend that is shooting the team in the foot . The same trend that had the Lakers score 31 in the first quarter and had the Knicks up 29-17 at the end of the first 12 minutes .
This is a recent trend . The Mavericks have outscored opponents 27.5 to 26.5 in the first quarter this season , most of it with Samuel Dalembert in the lineup . With Sammy D , the Mavericks outscore opponents by 7.8 per 48 minutes . Throw DeJuan Blair into the mix , and it 's just 4.5 per 48 .
Now , the lineup becomes even more skewed with Shawn Marion missing time . He 's the thread that holds this mediocre defense from falling into the bottom ten in the league and he 's the spark plug that can leak out for a fast break dunk to start a 10-0 run .
( That paragraph made me sad . Please come back soon , Shawn . )
Until he returns , the Mavericks are going to have to rely on outscoring opponents to pick up wins . Digging themselves an early hole simply wo n't do the trick .
The solution : free Sarge James .
The 28-year-old center can usually be found at the end of the Mavericks bench , in uniform but not playing basketball ( kind of sums up his whole career , in fact ) . He 's too old to be considered a prospect and too raw to work his way into the second unit , but he is good at two things : being energetic and playing some defense .
Elevate him into the starting lineup , where his inexperience and lack of offense is masked by the other veteran starters . Move DeJuan Blair back to the bench , where his offensive rebounding and scoring makes a bigger impact , instead of exposing his flaws every night against the best starting big men in the league .
James still is n't going to play a huge role -- six minutes to start the first and the third quarters -- but his energy should help those slow starts and his shot blocking will be a welcome addition to break up that layup line that a Monta/Jose backcourt inevitably causes .
And this is n't unprecedented -- starting last January in a game against Phoenix , Sarge joined the starting rotation for a 13-game stretch . The Mavericks went 7-6 , but James averaged 14.2 minutes a game , averaging 3.8 points on 58 % shooting , 3.9 rebounds and 1.3 blocks . Even better -- the Mavericks allowed 102.2 points per 100 possession while he was on the court , 1.8 points fewer than their 2012-13 season average .
Perhaps his best performance was a 15 minute stint where he scored four points , grabbed six rebounds and added up seven blocks . Would n't you know , it was a road game in New Orleans against Anthony Davis & Co .
The Mavericks won that game 104-100 .
I 'm no head coach , nor would I claim to know better than Rick Carlisle . Maybe Sarge is n't busting his ass in practice like he should be or something -- but knowing what we know of him , I doubt that . Until then , I 'm on team # FreeSargeJames . You should be , too .
So the leech whose salary as Attorney General of the United States we pay , who is , in effect , our employee — even our servant , if you swallow Leviathan 's claptrap about public service — reviled us as `` a nation of cowards '' last week . Try calling your boss a yellow belly and see what that does for the old working relationship . Yet Public Servant Eric Holder not only delivered this insult in his `` Remarks '' for the `` Department of Justice [ DOJ ] African American History Month Program , '' he expects our deferential agreement .
And what makes us cowards ? Have we defended the torture of helpless prisoners , as has Holder 's DOJ ? Or the armed kidnapping of a terrified , 6-year-old refugee fleeing Castro 's hell ? Have we preyed on folks who prefer reefer to rum , ginning up crises and calling for longer terms of imprisonment to curry favor with voters ? Have we kicked the down and dying Second Amendment in the hopes of advancing our career with the Democratic Party ? No . We 're jellyfish because we do n't shareholder 's obsession with skin-color .
And yet the hypocrite alleging our racism lives in a glass house . `` We still speak too much of u2018them ' , '' Holder confesses , `` and not u2018us . ' '' Actually , regardless of how politicians like the AG `` speak '' about their fellowmen , the rest of us likely do n't much notice the Creator 's rainbow of hues , except as a descriptive : when asking the rector about a parishioner I do n't know , I might say , `` The elderly black lady who sits in the first few pews and always wears a red hat . '' Holder can laze about the office we buy him and `` speak of u2018them ' '' ; the rest of us are too busy working and paying taxes for such tawdriness .
Holder 's `` Remarks '' are a vacuous yet horrifying blend of platitudes , pap , megalomania , and threats . Here 's a federal official lusting not only to know our thoughts and emotions but to compel their conformity with his : `` Through its work and through its example this Department of Justice , as long as I am here , must — and will — lead the nation to the u2018new birth of freedom ' so long ago promised by our greatest President . [ Yo , Barack : I smell disloyalty in the ranks . ] This is our duty and our solemn obligation . '' Funny : the DOJ 's `` Mission Statement '' is about as unconstitutional as they come , but even it does n't mention any such `` duty . ''
Despite their inanity , Holder cleverly phrases his `` Remarks . '' He appears to accuse all ethnicities of refusing to `` talk enough with each other about race '' : his is an equal-opportunity condemnation . But he knows that we know who 's really at fault for this `` truly sad '' and `` continuing problem . ''
Ironically , as Holder bloviated about the DOJ 's `` duty and…solemn obligation '' to force his fetish on the rest of us , one of New York City 's biggest buffoons seemed determined to spoof the whole topic . Al Sharpton pitched yet another fit , this time over a political cartoon in the New York Post : two cops stand over a `` violent '' chimpanzee they shot and killed in Connecticut after it mauled a woman ; one cop tells the other , `` They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . ''
Al spies a reference here to Barack Obama . Hmmm . Either Al 's illiterate or he has an unhealthy fixation with the charlatan in the White House . How else to account for reading the president into this caption since Congress writes legislation and the bill in question originated with the last Administration ? ( Come to think of it , the previous Thief-in-Chief did bear a striking simian resemblance… ) But Al 's made a career of ignoring picayune things like facts . Clearly , this cartoon calls Obama a monkey — “ troubling at best , '' Al roared , `` given the historic racist attacks of African-Americans as being synonymous with monkeys. ” He manufactured enough dudgeon to hurl himself and 200 protestors at the Post 's offices .
Alas , the besieged Post apologized . But Al does n't want apologies . He wants power . Like many `` civil rights activists , '' he 's a failed candidate who ca n't satisfy his lust to boss us at the ballot box . Ergo , he rabble-rouses , which lets him boss his foolish followers and the companies they bully instead . He denounced the Post 's mea culpa with all the bluster and intimidation we 've come to expect from such churls : `` The New York Post statement will be discussed by all of the leadership of the various groups that have mobilized and we will respond to it at the rally at 5 p.m. [ Friday ] outside of the New York Post . … we will make a collective decision on how to proceed . … Let us remember that Mr. [ Rupert ] Murdoch [ the Post 's publisher ] got a waiver from the FCC so he could own two radio , two television stations and a newspaper in this town . We will ask the FCC to review that waiver . '' Hard to believe a goon this heavy-handed has n't managed to win even one of his five political campaigns .
Demagogues as fraudulent and malicious as Al immediately jumped on his band-wagon . `` To compare the nation 's first African-American commander-in-chief to a dead chimpanzee is nothing short of racist drivel , '' huffed Barbara Ciara , president of the National Association of Black Journalists . Barb is doubtless an expert on racist drivel , as the white , Hispanic , and Asian journalists unwelcome in her organization could testify .
No racial hustling is complete without Spike Lee . `` This is not the end , ” he growled at Friday 's demonstration . “ It 's not just black folks . It 's an insult to everybody. ” Oh , come on , Spike . The only insult is coming from you et Al , and it 's aimed at our intelligence . Obama has a great many crimes to his credit , but get over it : he did n't write the bail-out bill . So the cartoon 's chimp refers to the Congressional cretins who did , OK ?
Nor could the governor of New York resist adding his two cents , even if they jangled incoherently . “ They [ sic — presumably the Post ? ] do feed a kind off a negative and stereotypical way that people think , '' David Patterson babbled , `` but I think if it 's enough that people are raising this issue , I hope they would clarify it . In a situation like this where an economic downturn has shown in the past that it does lead to a lot of unnecessary and stereotypical characterizations , an explanation is in order. ” You betcha ; in fact , maybe someone could explain Dave 's meaning . Then the governor revealed what 's driving him and no doubt many of the Post 's other enemies : “ I 'm trying to be fair to the New York Post , who [ sic ] has never been very fair to me . ''
The Post understands the game being played : it noted in its apology that `` there are some in the media and in public life who have had differences with The Post in the past — and they see the incident as an opportunity for payback . '' Al can thank the fierce competition over subscribers in a town with multiple daily newspapers for the extensive and sympathetic ink he 's garnering . While he uses his followers as pawns in his struggle for power , Murdoch 's competitors use him .
Meanwhile , if the cartoon offends anyone , it oughta be the chimps . What slander , to compare even the most violent primate on his worst day with the thugs and warmongers in Congress . Where 's PETA when you need them ?
The Best of Becky Akers
Here are a few more process details from this huge fight scene I 've been drawing . Inking 's been a little difficult because it is hard to keep track of where exactly one character ends and where another begins . What seemed like a perfectly clear pencil line at the time of penciling , turns out to be a vague scribble when I return with the pen and ink .
As I said before , I 'm trying to get as many characters in as possible , and I keep getting reminded of characters that I 'd forgotten ( Bill and Ted ! ) or characters that I did n't forget , but if you 're going to draw a battle royale , and your main goal is to get as many awesome characters and people in as possible , how could they not be in there ( PRINCE ! ) .
And I also realized I 'd been a little remiss and forgot to show some anthologies that I 've been involved in .
There 's this book , that 's all about teaching or being taught , so if you 've ever been a teacher or a student or anybody 's ever taught you anything or you ever taught anybody else anything or if you were anybody else 's teaching or if teaching you anybody 's students , or if you ever slept with one of your college professors ... this book is for you . It can be picked up from Ninth Art Press
Then there is this super super sweet anthology about Werewolves I did a story about an all monster battle of the bands for . This is the final issue of the series and I 'm so happy to be in it . You can pick it and all the other issues up here
And if you 're not feeling like picking anything up ... well , I guess you could grumble about the things that people do to their pets
And if you 're not feeling like looking at some super sweet links because it 's just too much effort , I give you : DUCKTOOF !
Drawn by my buddy Kevin Cline .
And this morning I was riding the escalator out of the T , and I looked down and there was this guy riding the lower escalator air drumming to his headphones , which put a smile on my face , and then a second later ... '' What have I become ... now that I 'm alone ? '' this song lyric pops in my head . But what 's the song ?
`` What have I become ... now that I 'm alone ? ''
`` What have I become ... now that I 'm alone ? ''
`` What have I become ... now that I 'm alone ? ''
God damn it ! What is it ? ? ?
`` What have I become ... now that I 'm alone ? ''
On Friday , radio host Rob Schilling revealed the audio of a stunning 911 call placed by one “ Ann , Downey , ” apparently a passenger in the car driven by 20-year-old Elizabeth Daly as Virginia law enforcement from the Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control ( ABC ) surrounded the car . Daly was arrested on April 11 , 2013 , after she was surrounded by ABC agents who suspected that she had bought alcohol illegally due to her age . In fact , she had bought bottled water and cookie dough . While the officers surrounded the car , the passengers called 911 .
The audio of the call is shocking . The women on the call begin crying “ oh my God ” and “ what should we do , ” asking for help from the 911 dispatcher . Daly later said that she feared the ABC officers wanted to break the windows of the car , and Daly left the scene of the incident at the behest of the 911 operator . She stopped once the 911 operator told her to do so after ascertaining the identity of the people surrounding the car .
The 911 operator speaks with one of the agents on the phone , and the agent says that everyone showed their badges , and that the driver “ pulled up and tried to run over people. ” All charges against Daly have been voluntarily withdrawn . No apology has been issued to Daly or her passenger .
Davis , who won an Oscar for her role in `` The Accidental Tourist , '' was introduced to archery by watching the 1996 Atlanta Olympics on television . She was impressed by Justin Huish , the 21-year-old Californian who won two gold medals .
'' I was fascinated by how he shot arrows across the street at home and through his garage , '' she said . '' It was kind of cool . He made it sound like fun , and that inspired me eventually to look into it . I met Justin at the beginning of 1997 . He hooked me up with his coach that spring and I started taking lessons .
'' I started competing in tournaments after the first six months . My first tournament was in Tucson . I do n't remember how I did . Unless you go in with the intention of winning , it 's just seeing how well you can do . And how good was I going to do ? I thought it was tremendous fun . Everybody was so welcoming and encouraging and supportive .
'' I had one problem there . I tried to figure out when to go to the bathroom . I thought I had picked the right time , but I did n't and I missed a chance to shoot against the No . 1 archer . She felt so bad that she went to the judge and said , 'This is her first tournament . Can she shoot ? ' They let me . ''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Now , Davis said , she is practicing five hours a day , six days a week , shooting 300 arrows a day .
'' I guess I just got hooked , '' she said . '' It 's really fun to try to see how good you can get , and I do n't know how good that is . I have n't maxed out . I have n't peaked . I 'm trying to get better . The last movie I made , I had them set up a target on an empty stage and I shot arrows between movie shots . ''
She knows her chances to make the Olympic team are slim . Only the top eight in the semifinal trials will qualify for the final trials Sept. 4 to 5 in Chula Vista , Calif. , and those finals will produce the three female Olympians and one alternate .
Her competitors have enjoyed her presence . '' She is totally accepted , '' said Christine McCartney , the National Archery Association 's program director . '' She is a competent archer who knows what she is doing , and the others have a lot of respect and regard for her . ''
The others are also grateful that Davis will bring attention to what is considered a second-tier Olympic sport . And Davis says she is grateful for what archery is doing for her .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
'' You learn a lot about yourself , '' she said . '' You 're spending a lot of time alone with yourself practicing . You get to know yourself , how calm you can be , how long you can focus . You have to be very self-motivated . You have to have faith in yourself and believe in your abilities . It was an area I had never delved into . ''
However , she is not giving up one career for another . '' I 'm between movies now , '' she said . '' I have to keep making movies . I have yet to make a lot of money from archery . ''
With her archery skills , how about a Robin Hood movie ?
'' It would n't matter , '' she said . '' You can fake stuff in movies . I played fake baseball in ' A League of Their Own . ' After the movie came out , I got an invitation from people organizing an all-star baseball game . They said , 'You can obviously play . ' I said : 'You 're going to throw a 94-mile-an-hour fastball at me ? No , thanks . ' It would have been a massacre . ''
Since we do n't have much more than velocity readings from Japan , it can be difficult to rely on anything but scouting reports when evaluating pitchers coming over from Nippon Professional Baseball . And now that 27-year-old Kenta Maeda is once again rumored to be coming to America through the posting system , we 're once again left wondering how to place him in context .
We have his Japanese strikeout and walk rates , which we can compare to recent postings to find comparable countrymen . We also have his velocity readings and a general sense of the quality of his pitches that we can use to compare him to pitchers beyond just ones that have come from Japan . We even have one game of PITCHf/x data to help us look at the movement of his pitches .
And the few comparable players we produce might be the best we can do from out here in the public sphere .
The easiest thing to do is call up the stats for recent pitchers that have come over from Japan . The yearly stats there jump around fairly erratically — in the last six years , the league ERA has been as high as 4.13 and as low as 2.86 ! — so we should index them to league average :
Recent NPB SPs in the Three Years Before They Left Japan Age 3yr ERA 3yr K % 3yr BB % 3yr IP 3yr ERA- 3yr K % + 3yr BB % + Kenta Maeda 27 2.26 21.9 % 5.4 % 189 62 121 66 Masahiro Tanaka 25 1.44 24.9 % 3.3 % 204 45 139 42 Yu Darvish 25 1.64 27.8 % 5.4 % 205 46 156 74 Hisashi Iwakuma 31 2.87 14.3 % 4.9 % 163 80 80 67 Kei Igawa 27 3.50 23.3 % 6.7 % 194 86 122 93 Daisuke Matsuzaka 26 2.40 25.2 % 5.7 % 182 59 132 79 Kaz Ishii 28 3.48 26.4 % 10.9 % 164 88 152 132 Kenshin Kawakami 34 2.81 22.4 % 4.3 % 166 75 124 60 Hiroki Kuroda 33 2.87 18.5 % 4.5 % 194 74 100 62 SOURCE : Baseball-Reference.com ERA- = player ERA / league ERA * 100
K % and BB % + = player stat / league stat * 100
3yr IP = average IP over last three years in Japan
In a strange twist of fate , Maeda is basically the average posted pitcher . He 's the closest to the sample average across the indexed ERA , strikeout and walk rates at least . But it 's unclear what that means , since something like half of the pitchers who came before were relative busts .
But what also becomes clear is that Maeda is not the best of the group . Masahiro Tanaka , Yu Darvish , Daisuke Matsuzaka and even Kaz Ishii and Kei Igawa struck out more batters than Maeda . Maeda has nice control , but Tanaka was better and Kenshin Kawakami , Hiroki Kuroda , and Hisashi Iwakuma were comparable . By ERA- , Tanaka and Darvish were clearly better . Maeda might be most like Kawakami other than the age factor .
Another way that Kawakami and Maeda are slightly similar is their reliance on the slider . Maeda 's best secondary is a slider , and his next-best is probably also his slider ( he varies the velocity and shape ) . Against righties this year , Maeda was almost 95 % fastball/slider according to some observers .
But there is some hope , provided by one game that Maeda played in San Francisco for the World Baseball Classic . There were PITCHf/x cameras in the park that day , so we have some numbers for him , however limited . Let 's put his velocity and movement numbers from that start up against league average for a right-hander , for context .
Kenta Maeda 's 2013 WBC Start , In MLB Context Pitch Type Count Freq Velo ( mph ) pfx HMov ( in . ) pfx VMov ( in . ) Velo Pfx Hmov PFx Vmov Four-Seam 27 34 % 90.7 -2.8 8.6 16 21 28 Sinker 9 11 % 89.5 -7.2 3.8 20 14 79 Change 10 13 % 82.7 -7.9 0.7 37 59 96 Slider 23 29 % 80.7 6.6 2.7 15 96 26 Curve 11 14 % 71.6 6.4 -10.4 5 65 98 SOURCE : BrooksBaseball.net The last three columns are percentile ranks in baseball , minimum 500 four-seamers , 400 sinkers , or 100 secondary pitches . For example , 16 = 16th percentile , or worse than 84 % of the league .
In this context , the velocity is terrible . There 's no other way to say it . Average his pitches , and he 's in the 20th percentile . He 'll need all that movement and command to make it work on this side of the pond .
It is nice to see , however , that he has some elite movement numbers . Only nine right-handers have more horizontal movement on their sliders than Maeda showed that day in 2013 , and the pitch looks a little bit like Sergio Romo 's slider by the numbers , if a few inches short of being the super-frisbee that the longtime Giant has thrown . The numbers are thrown off a bit by the fact that Maeda throws both a slider and a traditional cutter , but that could be an asset here in America . That 's one of the rarest pairings in baseball .
And the changeup ! Among starters , only Felix Hernandez , Williams Perez , and Aaron Nola showed more drop on their changeups . Aaron Nola 's changeup is the closest in overall movement and velocity , and it got above-average whiffs and grounders last year in a decent sample . Given that movement is more important than velocity , and Maeda 's change has great movement , it 's fair to believe in that the Japanese righty has two good secondary pitches .
That name , Aaron Nola , might provide us an interesting comp . Nola does not have great velocity . If he 'd thrown more fastballs , he 'd have been in the 15th percentile for four-seamer velocity , as well . His changeup ( 83.2 mph , -7.9 Pfx_x , .3 Pfx_z ) is almost a straight match for Maeda 's ( 82.7mph , -7.9 Pfx_x , .7 PFx_z ) . While Nola 's big curveball is faster and probably better than Maeda 's , Maeda has those two sliders that could function as something of an equivalent .
Coming up with a Nola comp — which sounds much better than the Young Kawakami one we had going — does n't help us a ton because of Nola 's stature in baseball . He has n't pitched 80 innings or signed a free agent contract , so neither his production so far nor his salaries can really guide us well . Nola does look like a major league pitcher , though , and he was once the 39th-best prospect by Baseball America .
That kind of pitching prospect could have as much as $ 19 million of surplus value , though , so if you believe you can save as much as that off of Maeda 's true value in the posting system , you 'd be interested .
And maybe there 's a chance that Maeda 's better than that one game he pitched in 2013 . The owner of NPB Tracker , Patrick Newman , was in the park that day . “ He was n't throwing strikes that day and did n't look like himself , ” Newman remembered . And , as you can see from his velocity data for the years that are on record , Maeda has been trending up . “ I 've seen some 94s up in the zone , ” Newman relayed , and that lines up with what Ben Badler said last year .
In this clip , you can see plenty of 92s and 93s , as well as both versions of his slider in action . It 's not without swings and misses , but it is against the Netherlands team , which swings and misses a decent amount .
Who knows if he 'll post at all . Despite the rumors , there are n't a lot of reasons for the Hiroshima Carp to post him . The new rules limit the potential income from posting to $ 20 million .
The Carp will get Maeda at a reduced cost due to their arbitration system , and the value he provides above and beyond a free agent acquisition defrays some of the value of that posting fee . Star pitchers can get as much as $ 6 million on the market , and Maeda will make about $ 3 million next year in their arbitration structure . That means that , over the next two years , as much as $ 5-6 million of the posting fee value goes away when you account for Maeda 's surplus value in Japan .
The Carp have also been improving — they were above .500 for the first time since 1996 in 2014 , and have consolidated some nice young talent and lured former stud Hiroki Kuroda back onto the roster . Since the Carp have have n't won a title since 1984 , and last won a pennant in 1991 , any improvement is important to the fan base . They are the team farthest removed from a league championship in Japanese baseball . They may want to hold on to their young ace .
Still , if Maeda posts , there 's enough upside there to get interested . Getting a 27-year-old right-hander who might be as good as Aaron Nola without paying full price should get more than a few teams the table . And if he does come over , we 'll all enjoy watching him warm up .
Until a couple of weeks ago , I did n't really know much about Virtual Reality ( VR ) at all , beyond the idea that there are headsets out there . However , the last couple of weeks , virtual reality seems to have featured pretty heavily .
First , our lab group has a weekly meeting where we alternate talking about science with talking about our personal hobbies . One of the guys in the team gave a presentation on his virtual reality gaming set up . Man , this was intense . He has permanently sectioned off part of his lounge to act as his gaming space – a 4×3 m grid ( roughly 14×10 ft ) . It involves a complex set up of cameras strung from his ceiling , and then the headset . He walked us through the pros and cons of a tethered headset vs untethered , the different types of handheld controllers and gloves , dealing with the screen door effect , the role of pixel size and a million other factors . I was surprised to find you can only play for an hour or so before the mask becomes unbearably sweaty . He showed us around a couple of his games . It seemed interesting but a little like the games were designed to showcase the technology rather than just use it as a function . A bit like some of the 3D movies that have extravagant swooping scenes .
Next , I was invited to attend a Medical Technology conference , where a whole session was dedicated to the use of VR in a medical setting . VR has had a really positive effect on preparing children for MRI by showing them what the experience will be like . Someone asked if the kids can use VR as a distraction during an MRI , but of course metal headsets and giant magnets do n't mix well . Another use of the technology is for people who have had spinal cord injuries . A home type environment is created and they use a specially built controller , similar to one found on a motorized wheelchair , to navigate around . The idea is that this technology will help the transition from hospital to home . There were some unexpected side effects of this system . Nearly all users reported vomiting or feeling nauseous . It turns out the sliding motion of the wheelchair in the VR is very disorienting and causes motion sickness . The signals from your eyes are giving opposite information to the systems used to balance your body . So clearly there is a way to go in improving the technology for this use .
So it 's rather fitting that the most recent book I 've finished reading is Virtual Heaven by Taylor Kole ( published 30 Nov 2017 , 465 pages ) . This book explores the development of a virtual reality system . The main protagonist , Alex Cutler , is a programmer and later becomes an owner of this system called the Lobby . It 's a virtual reality world accessed by jacking in , in a style very reminiscent of The Matrix . There 's even a wee reference to Neo in there . Once in the virtual world , the person loses any limitations they have on Earth . At first this is just a single access point , basically a place for rich people to spend their holidays , but over time it is globalized . Problems start when a visitor dies whilst visiting the Lobby , but remains alive inside the Lobby . This news leaks to the public with devastating consequences .
What I really enjoyed about this book was seeing the development of the Lobby over time . New worlds to visit were added as the book progressed , and the function of the Lobby grew . Through the characters , the author explores some of the morality issues associated with the technology , and the possibility of it becoming an addiction , even before the complication of it becoming a “ virtual heaven ” . The conflict between the characters on how to overcome the issue of the death in the Lobby seemed completely believable , as did the government intervention . I do n't want to give too much away , but I was rather surprised by the turn of events in the last couple of chapters , and safe to say , I did n't see it ending the way it did .
It will be interesting to see how virtual reality technology develops over the next couple of years , and whether it makes the jump from being predominately a gaming tool to something with much wider use .
What are your thoughts on where Virtual Reality is headed ?
Advertisements
VIDEO : Crews rescue man who drove into low crossing in Cedar Park Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Video
CEDAR PARK , Texas ( KXAN ) -- A man had to be rescued after he drove into a low water crossing in Cedar Park , where flood gauges showed the water running more than 3 feet over the road .
KXAN Photojournalist Marc Suarez was at the scene shooting video of the crossing near Peggy Garner Park when the man attempted to cross the water-filled road . Suarez then called 911 to report the man 's truck had been carried off the roadway .
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Water was running more than three feet over the water
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Water was running more than three feet over the water
`` I got out , and was asking one of the ladies ; she said the guy went to drive through it in front of her of house , '' said Christopher Miller . `` She said , 'What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Are you crazy ? ' And he said , 'Yeah , yeah . ' I do n't know why he would try to drive through it ; it is at least , 35-foot wide of water . ''
Rescuers were able to pull the man to safety .
It is a Class B misdemeanor in Texas to drive around a barricade at a flooded road . If caught , you may be arrested , have your car impounded , spend up to 180 days in jail and/or be fined up to $ 2,000 . You may also be charged for the cost of your rescue .
Every year , the world 's Earth and space scientists converge on San Francisco for the fall American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) meeting . Around 25,000 scientists attended this year , most of whom do research relevant to climate change . I 've just returned from the conference , at which I was struck by the quality and quantity of fascinating research and people .
Great humans , under attack
I had the pleasure of meeting with dozens of climate scientists , and they were without exception kind , brilliant , fascinating people with a passion for learning how the Earth 's climate functions and how humans are changing it . It was a stark contrast from the way the climate science community is often portrayed – as frauds , conspiring to falsify data as part of the greatest hoax ever perpetrated .
These claims have been made by several American political representatives , including Senator James Inhofe , Congressman Lamar Smith , and Senator ( and leading Republican presidential candidate ) Ted Cruz . Recent comments made by Smith and Cruz attacking climate scientists and misrepresenting their data were referenced in at least three talks at the conference .
Climate scientists are understandably unhappy with the way their and their data and research are being misrepresented by these politicians . These types of distortions have led to countless personal attacks on climate scientists . I spent time with Michael Mann , Raymond Bradley , and Malcolm Hughes , who were attacked because they published groundbreaking research reconstructing past temperatures that resulted in the ‘ hockey stick ' that certain parties found politically inconvenient . Mann and Bradley have written books documenting their journeys in navigating these attacks .
I also learned that the Climate Science Legal Defense Fund was called upon to help 40 members of the climate science community last year . While this organization provides critical help to scientists who are being subjected to senseless legal attacks , it 's help that should n't be needed in the first place . My colleague John Mashey was forced to enlist the help of the legal defense fund , and struck a chord with me when he said ,
I 'm not a climate scientist . I grew up on a farm with a respect for science , and it pisses me off to see climate scientists being attacked just because they 're doing important research whose answers some people really dislike .
Fascinating research and implications
Among the talks I attended was one by Sarah Myhre , who published important research about extreme oxygen loss in oceans during past climate change events . The paper received significant media attention , and when Myhre expressed personal concern about the implications of her research for her son 's generation , she received institutional pushback . Myhre talked about the importance of scientists having the option to make these types of personal connections , and for their institutions to support them , especially in the case of young researchers without job security .
Many of the scientific talks I attended addressed the current unprecedented California drought . Jay Famiglietti of NASA noted that because California produces so much food , the lack of water in the state is really a national and even a global problem . Richard Seager 's team estimated that global warming has intensified the California drought by about 20 % , while another study suggested the warming contribution could be closer to 50 % . Research led by Ivana Cvijanovic found that declining Arctic sea ice leads to high pressure ridges off the coast of California like the one that 's been pushing storm systems around the state – another way human-caused climate change could be exacerbating the California drought .
Several talks also dealt with the short-term slowdown in global surface warming , which Kevin Trenberth and Thomas Karl agreed has likely ended , with 2014 and 2015 breaking heat records , and the Met Office predicting 2016 will break once again . The experts agreed that during the slowdown , global warming merely shifted more heat from the atmosphere to the oceans , and that “ pause ” and “ hiatus ” are inaccurate descriptions that unfortunately seeped into the scientific literature from the contrarian media .
Zeke Hausfather presented his research in collaboration with Kevin Cowtan and others , which showed that climate models predicted global warming even more accurately than previously thought . In a second talk , Hausfather presented his findings on the viability of natural gas to act as a “ bridge fuel ” during the transition from coal to near-zero carbon energy sources . He found that while replacing coal with natural gas would make it easier to stay below 3°C warming from pre-industrial temperatures , it would also make it harder to stay below the 2°C target . Ultimately if coal can be replaced by near-zero carbon energy in less than 12 years , replacing it with natural gas in the near-term would do more harm than good .
Reprehensible attacks
That was just a tiny sample of the fascinating research presented last week . The most important point to take from the AGU conference is this : climate scientists are good , smart people who are just trying to learn about the many nuances of the Earth 's climate . Attacking these brilliant people because their research has some inconvenient policy implications is reprehensible , and our society should not tolerate it .
According to new research , the oldest horned dinosaur ever found in North America lived around 107 million years ago , in what is now southern Montana .
The most famous of the herbivorous , beaked dinosaurs classified as ceratopsians—and better known as horned dinosaurs—was Triceratops . Known for its three horns and the bony frill on the back of its neck , Triceratops lived during the last several million years of the Cretaceous Period , which ended some 65 million years ago , and is the most common dinosaur recovered from the uppermost Cretaceous deposits in western North America . Before the latest discovery , the earliest known horned dinosaur found in North America was Zuniceratops , which lived some 90 million years ago .
Paleontologist Scott Madsen of the Utah Geological Survey uncovered the rock containing the new ceratopsian fossil during a 1997 expedition to Montana funded by the National Geographic Society . Madsen initially thought it was another dinosaur , a Zephyrosaurus , but after he extracted the fossil from the rock he quickly realized it was a ceratopsian . This was a stunning find , as up until that point paleontologists had found only a scattering of teeth , bones and a tail belonging to early horned North American dinosaurs .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The skull and lower jaw of Aquilops
According to a report published this week in the journal PLOS ONE , paleontologists have dubbed the new species Aquilops americanus . Though it lacks the prominent horn and bony neck frill of Triceratops , the newly identified dinosaur sports other features unique to horned dinosaurs—most notably , a strongly hooked , toothless beak , called a rostral bone . Most likely used to crop the flowering plants and other vegetation that made up its diet , the beak gives the dinosaur 's skull the appearance of an eagle ; the name “ Aquilops ” means eagle-face in Latin . The skull , which measures 3.3 inches ( 8.4 centimeters ) long , also features a large cavity over the cheek region , as well as cheek spikes that might have been merely ornamental , or might have served as a type of defense mechanism .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
To their surprise , the study 's authors found that Aquilops americanus appears much more closely related to Asian ceratopsian species such as Archaeoceratops oshimai and Leptoceratops gracilis than to other previously discovered North American ones . “ In most features , it 's virtually identical to them , ” lead researcher Andrew Farke of the Raymond M. Alf Museum of Paleontology in Claremont , California , told LiveScience . “ And that 's cool because it adds support for this idea that , around 110 million years ago or so , there was a big influx of animals from Asia into North America. ” At the time , Asia and North America were further away from each other than they are today , but scientists believe a land bridge might have connected the two continents , enabling the horned dinosaurs to migrate between them .
Using comparisons with similar ceratopsians from Asia , paleontologists estimate that Aquilops was no more than 2 feet ( 0.6 meters ) long and weighed about 3 pounds , 8 ounces ( 1.6 kilograms ) , about as much as a cat or a large rabbit . By comparison , Triceratops weighed up to 4,000 times more . Judging from the skull bones , the study 's authors determined this particular dinosaur was an adolescent , but they believe an adult Aquilops would n't have gotten much bigger . According to their analysis , Aquilops probably hid among bushes and other vegetation to escape predators like Deinonychus , a close relative of Velociraptor .
Though paleontologists hope the discovery of the oldest known North American horned dinosaur will help them reconstruct the early evolution of ceratopsians , they do n't expect to find many other fossils to guide them on this path . Scientists have combed over the rock unit where the Aquilops fossil was found , known as the Cloverly Formation . While they have turned up multiple fossils belonging to other dinosaurs , such as Tenontosaurus and Deinonychus , no others belonging to the earliest horned dinosaurs have surfaced , suggesting that—as Farke told National Geographic—Aquilops americanus may have been “ a fairly marginal player at the fringes of the ecosystem . ”
CLOSE Metro Council passes a measure to help make Louisville more attractive to Google Fiber and other fiber providers . Scott Utterback/The CJ
Buy Photo President David Yates presides over the Louisville Metro Council meeting Thursday night . Feb. 11 , 2016 ( Photo : Scott Utterback/The Courier-Journal ) Buy Photo
In a decision compared to the advent of electricity and the telephone , Metro Council ignored pressure from two major U.S. telecommunication companies and approved a pair of measures that supporters believe will bring Louisville residents faster online speeds .
By a 23-0 vote Thursday evening , members backed an ordinance that gives ultra-fast Internet service providers such as Google Fiber easier access to city rights-of-way , or in this case utility poles .
`` This will help business locate here and grow here , ” said Councilman Bill Hollander , who sponsored the legislation .
“ It will create jobs , ” he added . “ It will retain and attract our young people and make Louisville broadband ready . ”
The measure allows high-speed providers to install the new equipment and possibly move other companies ' equipment that are already on the pole .
Mayor Greg Fischer echoed those sentiments , saying in a statement late Thursday that it lays the groundwork for expanding gigabit services by Google Fiber and other providers . It 's a move the mayor and other supporters say could improve Internet speeds by as much as twenty-fold for downloading material , streaming movies , gaming and other activities .
“ Tonight 's vote puts Louisville one step closer toward becoming a Google Fiber city , ” he said .
Several residents carrying `` Fiber Friendly '' signs packed City Hall cheering others who spoke in favor of the idea . But the proposal was vehemently opposed by Time Warner Cable and AT & T .
In separate letters this week , the mayor 's office and council members were told the measure would jeopardize current companies ' service to customers and questioned if the city had authority to regulate the needed infrastructure .
`` The ordinance is simply unworkable , '' said Gardner Gillespie , an attorney who is representing Time Warner . `` It does not provide any meaningful way for TWC to know what changes have been made to its existing facilities or to assure any damage is promptly cured . ''
AT & T added the plan violates their union agreements with workers on who has a right to install or alter their equipment but members said they believe allowing for an easier installation process will result in more jobs for those type of workers .
The city estimates AT & T owns between 25 to 40 percent of the city 's utility poles .
`` Governing is sometimes the art of compromise , '' Hood Harris , Kentucky AT & T president , told members before Thursday 's meeting . `` We 've offered some language that would protect our contract provisions while still allowing this passage . ''
The AT & T amendment would have given current utility pole owners or user 60 days before the installation to object . Hollander and other city officials said that change would have undercut accessibility efforts .
Instead the council made changes worked out by Fischer administration officials and Hollander 's office that do require any high-speed Internet service provider to alert the pole owners and current users about their installation within 30 days .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
That company will also be responsible for any costs associated with needed fixes or damages to current pole users ' equipment .
Time Warner said the city is overstepping its authority and that the Kentucky Public Service Commission has jurisdiction over the rates , terms and conditions applicable to pole attachments .
Andrew Melnykovych , a spokesman for the commission said in an interview Thursday that the current language could put the ordinance in conflict with state law .
`` The state legislature in Kentucky statute has granted the PSC exclusive jurisdiction over rates and services of the utility companies , '' he said . `` And that extends to pole attachments . ''
Hollander and other members , however , said they are confident these changes are consistent with state regulations .
Tech consultant Dannie Gregoire , who spoke before the council , said Louisville has long been at a disadvantage because most of the utility poles needed by Internet service providers were already owned by existing companies , mainly LG & E , who have historically opposed sharing that space .
`` It 's something that has been a blocking point for Internet providers of all sizes , '' said Gregoire , co-founder of IgLou Internet Services Inc. , an early Internet service provider that made its debut in 1987 .
`` Many of the cities Google first contacted were cities that owned the rights-of-way and owned the poles , '' he added . `` It 's a very different environment here in the Louisville metropolitan area . ''
The other part of the plan passed by council was a resolution that allows a high-speed Internet provider to make one franchise agreement — negotiated by metro government — rather than separate deals with more than 80 suburban cities within Jefferson County . That measure was approved by an unanimous vote .
`` This makes things go smoother . And again , this is not an exclusive policy for Google Fiber , '' said Chris Levendos , the company 's director of networking deployment and operations . `` This is a policy for anyone to come to Louisville and make an investment . ''
Reporter Phillip M. Bailey can be reached at ( 502 ) 582-4475 or pbaile @ courier-journal.com
Read or Share this story : http : //cjky.it/1TfBlVp
First-day criminal recidivism
Ignacio Munyo , Martín Rossi
Sadly , a large number of crimes are committed by ex-prisoners on their first day of release . This column presents evidence showing that on any given day the number of inmates released from incarceration significantly affects the number of offences committed on that day . ‘ First-day recidivism ' can be eliminated by an increase in the gratuity provided to prisoners at the time of their release . It 's much cheaper than any other option .
Criminal recidivism – where a criminal reoffends - of former prisoners is a widespread phenomenon . Recidivism rates are close to 60 % in the US , ithe Netherlands , England and Wales , and in Uruguay , to mention a few examples . Evidence indicates most criminal recidivism occurs within the first year after release ( Langan and Levin 2002 ) .
In a recent paper published we provide a novel approach to studying criminal recidivism , focussing on recidivism during the first day of freedom , what we name ‘ first-day recidivism ' .
Committing a crime on your first day of freedom
Using a unique database on crime and releases from Montevideo , Uruguay , we find the number of inmates released on a given day significantly affects the number of offences committed on that day , and we interpret this result as evidence of first-day recidivism .
The dynamics of the relationship between crime and releases shows that inmate releases increase crime on the very day of the release but have no effect on crime in subsequent days .
This finding points to some special first-day effect and suggests that release policies focusing on preventing first-day recidivism might be effective in reducing crime . We find that an increase in the gratuity at release – money given to ex-prisoners – produces a significant decrease in first-day recidivism , a decrease that is not compensated by an increase in crime in the following days . The fact that increasing the stipend given to prisoners upon release reduces the propensity of released prisoners to engage in criminal behaviour is both novel and important from a policy perspective .
First-day recidivism
Our paper contributes to the literature on criminal recidivism . The criminology literature defines criminal recidivism as a time interval between two events ( Maltz 1984 ) – a release event ( usually from incarceration ) and a failure event ( re-arrest or reconviction ) . Here , we focus on the estimation of re-offences instead of following the usual procedure of using records on re-arrest or re-conviction , allowing in this way the inclusion of a large pool of offences usually omitted in standard statistics . Harrendorf , Heiskanen , and Malby ( 2010 ) consider more than 100 countries in the United Nations ' International Statistics on Crime and Justice and report high levels of attrition between the commitment of a crime and the arrest or conviction of the offender ( 50 % of offenders are arrested and 19 % are convicted ) . In Uruguay only 25 % of the police-recorded offences are prosecuted .
We present evidence that an increase of one reported crime for every four inmates released . To the best of our knowledge , we provide the first estimates on the magnitude of the re-offence rate during the very day prisoners are released .
The impact of increasing the gratuity at release
Having established evidence on first-day criminal recidivism , we ask whether it is possible to prevent it . To do so , we explore the impact of an exogenous increase in the gratuity at release on first-day recidivism . On September 2010 the gratuity at release was multiplied by three and a quarter , thus relaxing the first-day cash constraint faced by released prisoners and allowing us to explore the impact that this policy had on first-day recidivism . The increase in the gratuity at released is indeed important – according to official statistics , it was 20 % more than the amount of money needed to purchase a basic daily food basket . The first-day crime was reduced to zero after this policy .
The liquidity-constraint hypothesis
We further explore the reasons underlying first-day recidivism . We report that first-day recidivism is observed for crimes that have a financial motivation ( property crimes such as thefts and robberies ) and not for other types of offences ( non-property crimes such as assaults and domestic violence ) , findings consistent with a rational framework in which offenders have liquidity constraints , as in Jacob , Lefgren , and Moretti ( 2007 ) .
The liquidity-constraint hypothesis implies that first-day recidivism only affects property crime . And it does . Another implication of the liquidity-constraint hypothesis is that first-day recidivism should affect more those released prisoners that are more constraint , such as the young and the single . This is also exactly what we find .
Our work also contributes to a recent discussion on release policies . Release policies have received little attention in the economics literature , an omission that is unfortunate considering that , only in the US , approximately six hundred thousand prisoners are released every year ( BJS 2002 ) , and an important share of crime is committed by the newly released ( Raphael and Stoll 2004 ) . Rossi , Berk , and Lenihan ( 1980 ) and Mallar and Thornton ( 1978 ) analyse a randomised experiment in which unemployment benefits were extended to individuals immediately upon release from prison . They find significantly fewer re-arrest for property crimes within the year . Berk , Lenihan , and Rossi ( 1980 ) analyse two related experiments and report that modest transfer payments reduce recidivism in the twelve-month period following release from prison .
Conclusions
Our research sheds new light on the behaviour of criminals . We find the number of inmates released on any given day significantly affects the number of offences committed that day , thus providing the first empirical evidence of first-day criminal recidivism . We explore potential underlying reasons to our findings and provide evidence that first-day recidivism can be eliminated by an increase in the gratuity provided to prisoners at the time of their release .
Even though the increase in the gratuity at release causes a huge reduction in crime at individual level , the reduction of aggregate crime ( in a city with 1.5 million inhabitants ) is only 0.8 % .
However , our results have important policy implications by highlighting the importance of the amount of the gratuity at release when designing anti-crime policies . A simple cost-benefit analysis shows that increasing the gratuity at release is a very efficient policy – it costs 200 times less than the average amount of money spent by the public and private sector in Uruguay to avoid a property crime .
References
BJS ( 2002 ) , Key facts at a glance , Bureau of Justice Statistics , U.S. Department of Justice .
Harrendorf , Stefan , Markku Heiskanen , and Steven Malby ( 2010 ) , “ International Statistics on Crime and Justice ” , United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime .
Jacob , Brian , Lars Lefgren , and Enrico Moretti ( 2007 ) , “ The Dynamics of Criminal Behavior : Evidence from Weather Shocks '' , Journal of Human Resources 42 ( 3 ) , 489-527 .
Langan , Patrick and David Levin ( 2002 ) , “ Recidivism of Prisoners Released in 1994 ” , Bureau of Justice Statistics : Special Report , June , NCJ 193427 .
Mallar , Charles and Craig Thornton ( 1978 ) , “ Transitional Aid for Released Prisoners : Evidence from the Life Experiment ” , Journal of Human Resources 13 ( 2 ) , 208-236 .
Maltz , Michael ( 1984 ) , Recidivism , Academic Press , New York .
Munyo , Ignacio and Martin Rossi ( 2015 ) , “ First-Day Criminal Recidivism ” , Journal of Public Economics 124 , 81-90 .
Raphael , Steven and Michael Stoll ( 2004 ) , “ The Effect of Prison Releases on Regional Crime Ratesm , ” In Gale , W and J Rothenberg Pack ( eds . ) , The Brookings-Wharton Papers on Urban Economics Affairs , Volume 5 , The Brookings Institution : Washington , D.C .
Rossi , Peter , Richard Berk , and Kenneth Lenihan ( 1980 ) , Money , Work , and Crime : Some Experimental Results , New York : Academic Press .
Good evening . This is Travis Bailey , and welcome to the Evening News .
We 'll start with the ongoing crisis in Luanda . The clashes between rioters and security forces started one week ago , after the depletion of the stocks of flour and vegetables in stores . There is still no plan to replenish these stocks , as the food situation in the sub-equatorial Africa remains grave . The lack of rain during the last crop season is pointed out as the main reason behind this situation .
Meanwhile , at least twelve people are believed to have died during the latest clashes , bringing the week 's total to almost one hundred deaths . There were also thousands of detainees made during the week , although it is known that most of them were released within hours due to the lack of accommodations .
Mayor Joaquim Marinho stated that strongest measures will be put in place to curb the riots , while his cabinet works on a way to bring in more food . The oceanic habitat Elation , which was moving along the African West Coast , offered to give some of its food supplies to the people of Luanda in order to help lessen the crisis .
Similar food riots have been happening in Lisbon , Riyadh , Rada and Jakarta , but the deadlock in Angola is seen as the most serious .
This situation comes at a time when a breakthrough was announced regarding food production . The arrival of more stocks of phosphor and deuterium from the mining colonies in Europa , along with the blueprints for more efficient fusion-powered hydroponic farms , has allowed researchers to duplicate the output of food production during tests . There is also the hope that new genetically engineered plants may be best suited to fully use the advantages of this technology , probably even replacing the previous strands , which have been showing high death rates on certain regions of the globe .
Now on to other news .
North America was hit today by another series of destructive tornado storms . Unconfirmed reports state that some farms in the Midwest were severely damaged . This comes as a blow to the American government 's plan for repopulating the region . Even so , the current President , Amanda House , has declared that these projects will continue , and they will indeed use technology developed for the colonization of Europa , as promised earlier this week . At the same time , the American universities , along with their peers from the rest of the world , keep working on the development of reliable methods of climate control , although specialists insist that any possible breakthrough is still decades away , at best .
In South America , Argentine miners outbound to Europa became stranded on the ground when one of the two Chrysaor space planes assigned to the region suffered a malfunction as it was about to take off . This leaves the continent without a space plane , given that the other one is currently being overhauled . Japan has offered to send its own Chrysaor to alleviate the situation , and is currently waiting for a decision from Buenos Aires .
The United Earth Council has also approved today a multi-billion dollar project to intervene in the Amazonian Pampa , in order to regrow the jungle that existed there just a few decades ago . The multi-staged program will be developed during the next ten years , and there is hope that within that timeframe parts of the once vast Amazonian Jungle may be restored . This project also intends to use genetic databanks to revive extinct species , although this aspect is contested by some critics .
In Europe the construction of the new neighborhoods in Attica-Athens to house the growing population has been halted once again . The works ' administrators reported that there is a lack of the materials needed to build the necessary infrastructure , and the dwindling quotas of raw materials caused by the lack of productivity in the colonies of Europa is pointed to as the main cause for the fiasco . Proponents of continuing the works stated that similar situations existed during the reconstruction of Tunis and Rangoon , and that the downgrade of the living standards brought by disregarding certain infrastructures turned out to be not as grave as feared .
Still in Europe , the famous movie stars Artyom Gurevich and Zoe Potez , considered the most powerful couple in the entertainment industry , are going to divorce . The representatives from either side refused to advance details , but a hypothesis circulating in the tabloids pointed towards “ ideological divisions ” . It should be noted that Gurevich is an advocate of the Europan Glacial cult , and has been quite vocal about any attacks towards it , including recent comments from his wife .
In North Africa , the Berber Revolt keeps spreading , and reports of the fighting on the Nile Front suggest the local supporters of the revolt may be using MAVs . Government officials have declared such fears as “ unsubstantiated ” .
Violent clashes between pro-Indian and pro-Chinese militias keep occurring in the Himalayan region . Officials from both governments insist they have nothing to do with the incidents and that both governments are cooperating in the exploration of the Jovian System . Nevertheless , the UEC has issued an official statement in which it requests both countries to restrain from supporting the militias and work on ending the violence .
Meanwhile , the shores of Southeast Asia are still being hit by heavy rains . The largest cities have been suffering with the disruption of public transportation and blackouts . All flights to the region have been cancelled for the time being . Deeper inland , many traditional farmlands are reported to have been destroyed , which is causing grave concerns to the local governments .
A legal victory was gained by the Australian industrial magnates , when the evaluation of the current labor law , which was changed seven years ago , declared that it was indeed legal to hire people as young as fourteen years old for the recycling industry . The CEOs of these companies issued a joint statement in which they congratulate themselves for the victory , and also defend their practices , deeming them important both to protect the resources our planet as left , as well as a practical way for the underprivileged families to improve their earnings .
In the Pacific , the government of Tuvalu , which is currently exiled in Seoul , Korea , has officially dropped any attempts to save the small island nation , which has been mostly taken over by the rising sea levels . Efforts to artificially expand and rise the islands , which consumed the few resources Tuvalu had left , were mostly ruined by the constant tropical storms . Most of the population is now applying to go to Europa .
For now , this was Travis Bailey for the Evening News . Have a good night .
The four marijuana dispensaries raided by federal authorities in Washington state this week were all targets of previous federal raids .
Seattle Cross , Tacoma Cross , Key Peninsula Cross and Bayside Collective — formerly Lacey Cross — were among about 20 medical marijuana storefronts raided by the Drug Enforcement Administration in November 2011 .
The DEA has provided little information about the four searches conducted Wednesday , but an employee at Bayside Collective told The Associated Press she was informed by agents that the raids were part of a two-year investigation .
A search warrant affidavit filed in support of the earlier searches said there was evidence that the medical dispensaries were fronts for commercial drug dealing . No federal criminal charges immediately resulted from the 2011 searches of those four shops .
Washington voters legalized adult possession of marijuana last fall , but it remains illegal under federal law . The state 's medical marijuana law does not allow for storefront dispensaries , but many have been tolerated by law enforcement .
Story highlights Environmentalists get rare win to keep Obama-era regulation
Rollback of rule aimed to lessen regulations on natural gas producers
Washington ( CNN ) In a rare win for environmentalists since President Donald Trump took office , the Senate defeated Wednesday an attempted GOP-led rollback of an Obama-era methane gas rule .
The rule , which was finalized under President Barack Obama in November , would require oil and gas companies to actively plug leaks of natural gas while scaling back their practice of intentionally venting or burning the gas in order to extract more profitable crude oil .
The drilling industry , however , supported Republicans ' efforts to overturn the rule , saying it would undo the costly regulation , which is viewed as a threat to jobs and operations .
As the clock ticked down toward the final hours that the Senate could use the Congressional Review Act with a simple majority -- the deadline is Thursday -- Republicans failed in a procedural vote to turn back the Bureau of Land Management regulation .
In the end , three Republicans crossed the aisle to side with Democrats , handing Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell a rare legislative defeat by just one vote , 49-51 .
Read More
If you 've ever wished you could display your YouTube playlists , ahem , publicly , then your wait is over . The Cyclops Snapback Cap is here to bring media consumption into the 21st century–by strapping an LCD screen to the front of a baseball cap and allowing you to stream media from your phone .
The prospect of streaming that Game of Thrones episode for friends and family on a 960×640 screen atop your face may indeed be alluring . But we could n't help but imagine hooking this thing up to Google Glass , and showing the world what you 're actually seeing–as you 're seeing it . Call it real-time vicarious living . Or call it stupid . Either way , it 's hard to avoid the idea that we 're all becoming walking digital billboards .
The Snapback Cap revolution will be funded by an upcoming Indiegogo , so check out their selection of sick cap styling concepts for which tier of awesome you 'd like to fund . As long as you do n't snap up all the leather-and-wood caps before I get to them–because dibs .
Kristen Shilton TSN Toronto Maple Leafs Reporter Follow|Archive
TORONTO – It 's a well-worn cliché for young hockey players to marvel at the learning curve new levels of the sport present . For Martins Dzierkals , just stepping into the Maple Leafs organization as a draftee was an education in itself .
Selected 68th overall by the Leafs in 2015 , Dzierkals is attending his third development camp with Toronto this week . Starting out at 18 , Dzierkals thought he knew it all – until the Leafs curriculum blew him away .
“ Three years ago , I [ was with ] coaches I had had for a long time and I thought ‘ they ca n't show [ me ] anything new , right ? ' Dzierkals said after camp practice on Sunday . “ [ But ] here , it 's completely new work , completely new hockey and there 's so much to learn about still . I opened up a new world here . ”
In the place where he was once a fresh-faced newcomer , Dzierkals is sporting stubble as one of the longer-tenured prospects returning to camp . While lamenting how some of the close friends he 's come up through the ranks with are gone – namely Dymtro Timashov and Andreas Johnsson , who both skated with the Marlies last year – Dzierkals is grateful for the dozen or so coaches surrounding him at all times this week , working towards a singular goal .
“ I saw ten new faces I 've never seen before , and they 're all here to help , ” he said . “ Everyone has their thoughts about the game , new styles . They 're here to try to help you right . I remember myself three years ago coming here [ from Latvia ] , I did n't know anything about North American hockey and I was a young guy . Now I feel a little more confident , little more sure about myself . ”
Having experienced a good deal of personal growth , Dzierkals is also ready to forge ahead . For the last two seasons , he 's played with the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League , operating at a better than point-per-game pace in each campaign ( 67 points in 59 games in 2015-16 ; 49 points in 47 games last year ) . He parlayed that success into a roster spot for Latvia at last winter 's World Junior Championship , playing through a left ankle injury suffered in late November that forced him to miss time .
Even though Dzierkals tallied just one goal over six games in the tournament , it was a milestone he 'll never forget .
“ I played in the [ Air Canada Centre ] , scored a goal . It was my dream to score a goal there , ” he said . [ World Juniors ] was the best . One of the best tournaments I ever had in my life . Unfortunately it did n't end up well for my country [ Latvia finished in last place ] , but we 're going to [ learn from that ] experience . ”
So is Dzierkals . At 20 years old , the winger could return to the CHL for a final overage season in the fall , but he already has his sights trained higher than that .
“ I want to play here . Right now my goal would be [ Toronto ] Marlies and Leafs , ” he said . “ I 'm focused on showing myself as best I can and to learn a lot of stuff here and see how things turn out in the future . ”
That means proving to the Leafs he can take their instruction and actually apply it . Dzierkals thinks the game quickly on the ice , and has high-end passing and stickhandling skills that have helped him be an impactful scoring forward in major junior . But to make a jump up successfully , he has to add a few more tools to his repertoire​ .
“ I remember from last year , they said I 'd have to improve my play in front of the net area , ” Dzierkals said . “ I 'm a small player [ 5-foot-11 , 173 pounds ] and small players do n't usually go there but in pro hockey , the goals are n't going to come easily so that 's what I was trying to work on , in front of the net battles and in the corners . ”
Dzierkals is already showing improvement in that area at camp . He 's been a standout among the forwards in battle drills the first three days , showing a relentlessness that was n't as evident 12 months ago . But whether he 's capable of advancing to the AHL next season or if there 's a spot for him available is n't the biggest challenge in Dzierkals ' path . As of Sunday 's camp sessions , he has n't yet been signed to an entry-level deal , and Toronto is already at 48 of their allotted 50 contracts for next season with decisions still to be made for the Leafs ' roster .
Dzierkals knows he ca n't control that ; what he can do is keep trying to stand out in Toronto 's crowded prospect field . And Dzierkals has more than just goals and assists as a professional to aspire to . With only one Latvian-born player currently in the NHL – Buffalo Sabres forward Zemgus Girgensons – Dzierkals knows what a big deal it would be for him to help raise that number , whatever it takes .
“ In my country hockey is the biggest thing , number one sport in the country , ” he said . “ Every player is a star there . Every kid since childhood wants to play in the NHL .
“ Whatever [ the Leafs ] ' coach is going to tell me to do , [ I 'll do ] . I 'm going to work hard and wherever they put me , I 'm going to do my best to try and help the team . ”
As the Japanese government intensifies its crackdown versus demonstrators blocking construction of a new Pentagon base on Okinawa , the United States Marine Corps has waded into the fray with a series of accusations against activists - followed by the arrest of two peace campaigners .
Between January and February , three senior USMC officials accused anti-base campaigners of `` hate speech '' , `` mob rule '' and `` faking injuries '' while on February 22 , base security guards seized two demonstrators - only to see them released the next day .
Senior USMC officials ' accusations
1 . Robert Eldridge , Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff of Government and External Affairs for the USMC
On January 8 , Robert Eldridge , a former university professor , appeared on a Japanese neo-nationalist TV network where he branded Okinawan demonstrations `` hate speech '' .
Eldridge on Channel Sakura , Jan. 8
Eldridge made the comments in Japanese during a show on the Okinawa branch of Channel Sakura . While discussing what he called the unpleasant experiences encountered by some Americans on Okinawa , he explained to the presenter , `` As you know , near Futenma there are people ( committing ) many kinds of hate speech . ''
Eldridge 's comments apparently targeted residents engaged in demonstrations against the unpopular Marine Corps installation in Ginowan City , a base that the US has pledged to close since 1996 .
Channel Sakura , which styles itself a Japanese culture channel , is infamous for its glorification of Japan 's role in World War II and for airing shows that deny the Japanese military forced Korean women into sexual slavery . In 2007 , its founder , Mizushima Satoru , directed the movie `` The Truth About Nanjing , '' which labeled the 1937-38 massacre - in which , according to Japanese and international historians , tens of thousands of Chinese were killed - a fabrication .
Eldridge also appeared on Channel Sakura last September .
Further suggesting close ties between the USMC and the Japanese neo-nationalist network , last December , a Channel Sakura TV host appeared on the Pentagon 's own AFN radio show . Eldridge was also on the same program .
Channel Sakura TV host and Eldridge on AFN Okinawa .
Neither United States Forces Japan nor Eldridge responded to requests to confirm who had authorized the appearance on Channel Sakura .
Further escalating tensions , on February 9 , Eldridge posted a series of comments on the website of The Japan Times accusing Okinawan demonstrators of `` mob rule '' and claiming there had been `` many physical attacks on Americans '' by protestors .
Sato Manabu , a professor of political science at Okinawa International University , criticized Eldridge 's comments . `` When the weak protest against the strong , that does not constitute 'hate speech ' - no matter how painful the truth sounds to the ears of the U.S. military . By appearing on such a TV network , the USMC is ruining the little good will Okinawa people hold toward it . ''
2 . Captain Caleb D. Eames , Deputy Public Affairs Officer for the Marine Corps Installations Pacific
On January 22 , Captain Caleb D. Eames , Deputy Public Affairs Officer for the Marine Corps Installations Pacific , likened demonstrators injured in clashes with the authorities to play-acting professional footballers - claiming that `` the attempt to appear injured is laughable when you see it in person . ''
Eames singled out for criticism what he described as demonstrators `` lying on the road , holding onto a moving vehicle , and being dragged by their own choice , then claiming that they were scraped while in a peace protest . ''
In a January 22 email , Eames also accused Henoko demonstrators of `` jabbing American employees with sticks '' and `` yelling English profanity and curse words '' at his children .
Contacted to provide an opportunity to clarify his accusations , Eames replied that he had intended his comments to refer to demonstrators outside MCAS Futenma - not Henoko ; however he failed to elaborate on the faked injuries or assaults which he alleges took place . Nor did he retract his comment that the injuries to demonstrators were `` laughable '' .
Eames claimed that his original comments were `` simply sharing personal observations about situations I have experienced and viewed around Futenma , not Henoko . '' He added , that they were not `` an official statement representing official views of the Marine Corps or any other organization . ''
Eames 's comments were reported on the front pages of both Okinawan daily newspapers , the mainland Asahi Shimbun and the nightly TV news . On February 26 , demonstrators staged a protest outside the U.S. consulate on Okinawa in which they called Eames 's comments `` discriminatory '' and `` unforgivable '' .
U.S. consulate demonstrators ' Feb. 26 demands
On February 14 , Ryukyu Shimpo rebuked USMC officials in an editorial titled , US Marine Corps officials ' insulting remarks : It is time to leave .
Okinawans were particularly angered by Eames 's suggestion that their injuries were `` laughable . ''
According to Nago City 's US Base Affairs Section , between last November and February 4 , 12 demonstrators were injured in confrontations with the police and Coast Guard - 5 of which were taken to hospital by ambulance . Injuries verified by Nago City include a man whose rib was broken when he was shoved in the chest by a member of the Coast Guard on January 16 and a 49 year-old man injured by the riot police on January 23 who was left with injuries to his hand requiring a month to recover .
Japanese Coast Guard monitoring media at Henoko
On Henoko Bay , the government has established a temporary exclusion zone marked with orange buoys and enforced by dozens of Coast Guard speedboats . Members of the Coast Guard immediately board any vessels entering the zone and , in the case of canoes , they forcibly drag their occupants onto government boats .
During one such incident last September - available to view here - a member of the Coast Guard is seen grabbing a canoeist by his throat and screaming into his face . The treatment left the demonstrator with injuries to his neck which required two weeks recovery time .
`` The Japanese constitution allows us the right to peaceful protest . But ( the Coast Guard ) grabbed the young man and started screaming in his face . We worried he was going to kill him , '' Miyagi Chie , the resident who took the video told The Japan Times .
The Coast Guard has repeatedly targeted members of the media attempting to film its confrontations with demonstrators . Last month , the Coast Guard dragged a boat carrying journalists from the area . Then on January 20 , a Coast Guard member seized documentary film-maker Kageyama Asako in a leg-lock and apparently tried to seize her camera .
Although the incident was caught on film by local media , the Coast Guard issued a statement in which it explained its member was merely attempting to pass Kageyama on his way to the back of the boat . It later accused the Okinawan media of incorrect reporting of the matter .
On February 2 , the Coast Guard introduced a new - and potentially lethal - tactic . According to reports verified by Nago City , after detaining 8 canoeists in shallow coastal waters , the Coast Guard took them more than four kilometres from land where it released them - forcing them to paddle back to the shore . It repeated the tactic on February 3 , capturing 19 canoeists then releasing them into rough seas 4 kilometres from shore .
Henoko on the edge
Given this well-documented catalogue of Coast Guard and Marine provocations and injuries , accusations of fakery infuriated many protesters and Okinawan citizens .
`` Almost everyday , demonstrators are being injured on land and sea . Bloodied heads and broken bones . These are not the kind of injuries people can fake , '' said Shimabukuro Fumiko , 85 .
Shimabukuro : `` Come and call me a liar to my face . ''
On November 20 last year , Shimabukuro - a survivor of the Battle of Okinawa - was knocked unconscious while attempting to block a construction truck entering the new base site . According to Shimabukuro and others on the scene , as she was holding the side mirror of the stationary vehicle , three riot police officers tightly encircled her , unpeeled her fingers and then , in a tactic which demonstrators say is common , they simultaneously stepped back causing Shimabukuro to fall to the ground .
Knocked out , Shimabukuro was rushed to a local hospital and she says the injury has left her unable to sleep or stand without pain .
After hearing Eames 's accusations , Shimabukuro threw down the gauntlet to the USMC .
`` Before you say we Okinawans are pretending to be injured , come to Henoko and see conditions with your own eyes . If you want to call me a liar then please come here and say it to my face . ''
3 . Major Tim Kao , Camp Commander of the Northern Training Area
The Yanbaru jungles in northern Okinawa are one of the most biodiverse areas in Japan and they provide the island with the majority of its drinking water . The Yanbaru also hosts the USMC Northern Training Area ( NTA ) where , since the 1950s , the Marines have been conducting jungle war games - and , in the 1960s , tests of Agent Orange .
Since 2007 , residents of Takae district in Higashi village ( bordering the NTA ) , have been attempting to block construction of Pentagon helipads which they believe will endanger their community .
According to reports in the Okinawa media , on February 5 , Major Tim Kao , Camp Commander of the NTA , accused demonstrators of being paid to be there .
Apparently , he also criticized Governor Onaga Takeshi as being supported by the island 's communist party .
Kao made the comments in an interview with a visiting research student from Stockholm University .
Disparaging comments by U.S. officials on Okinawa are nothing new - for example , in 2010 , Kevin Maher , a State Department official in charge of Japanese affairs , reportedly criticized Okinawans for being `` masters of manipulation and extortion . '' However , what appears different this time is the lack of apology or censure from these men 's superior officers .
This suggests two things : the Japanese government has exerted no pressure for an apology from the U.S. military because , in all likelihood , it condones their comments . Secondly , the U.S. military in Japan - and in particular the USMC - is becoming impatient with , what they feel , is the lenient approach taken by Japanese authorities towards peaceful demonstrators .
This impatience came to a head on February 22 .
Tactical arrests on February 22
For the past 18 years , Okinawans have maintained a sit-in demonstration on the shore of Henoko Bay ; since last summer they have also built tents and held daily protests outside the gates of Camp Schwab . The largest of these demonstrations gather more than 2000 people - and even on weekdays , 100 or more people regularly attend .
Yamashiro Hiroji , the director of the Okinawa Peace Movement Center , is the most prominent figure in these demonstrations outside Camp Schwab . On site 24-hours a day , he leads chants , songs and organises food for the elderly demonstrators .
At around 9am on February 22 , Yamashiro was arrested by base security guards . Claiming he had trespassed onto the base , they dragged him by his feet into the installation and accused him of breaking the Special Measures Concerning Criminal Cases Act .
Witnesses , however , say he had been pulled over the base 's border demarcation line by the guards - or at worst , he had stepped a couple of paces over the boundary .
Yamashiro - and one more demonstrator - were kept on the base for 4 hours before being driven to Nago City 's police station .
Both men were released on February 23 .
Upon being set free , Yamashiro told the assembled crowd of supporters , `` I believe they arrested us just to annoy the opponents of the bases . ''
Such arrests of Japanese citizens by base security guards is unprecedented on Okinawa - and many are questioning upon whose orders the arrests were made .
On February 24 , Asahi Shimbun reported ,
A senior official of the Okinawa headquarters of the Japan Garrison Forces Labor Union , an organization consisting of Japanese working at U.S. bases , said the U.S. military likely instructed the security guards in advance to detain protesters if they crossed the yellow line .
`` It is impossible for guards to detain people based on their own judgment , '' the official said .
The newspaper also quoted the demonstrators ' lawyers who said : `` It was an arrest targeting the leader of the movement against the relocation ( of the Futenma base ) . The action , aimed at intimidating the opposing group , was extremely unfair . ''
Conclusion
Prior to these recent developments , the U.S. military on Okinawa had attempted to distance itself from construction of the new base . For instance , it repeatedly referred to it as a Japanese government project and military officials have refused to comment on Tokyo brutality against demonstrators - dismissing such violence as a domestic policing matter .
However these latest moves suggest that certain elements within the U.S. military are pressing for a more aggressive approach . What has prompted such a shift is not yet clear - but what is certain is that these moves have sharply escalated tensions between the military and the Okinawan communities which host more than half of U.S. forces in Japan .
Governor Onaga Takeshi , Nago Mayor Inamine Susumu , and , according to polls , 80 % of Okinawans are against construction of the new U.S. base .
Very likely , Pentagon accusations and arrests will only serve to strengthen this solidarity .
Parts of this article were originally published in The Japan Times in `` Injuries to Okinawa anti-base protesters 'laughable , ' says U.S. military spokesman '' ( Feb 9 ) and `` In appearance on far-right TV , U.S. official calls Okinawa base protests 'hate speech ' '' ( Feb 16 ) .
Jon Mitchell is a Welsh journalist based in Japan . He is the author of Tsuiseki : Okinawa no Karehazai ( Chasing Agent Orange on Okinawa ) ( Koubunken 2014 ) and a visiting researcher at the International Peace Research Institute of Meiji Gakuin University , Tokyo . Mitchell is an Asia-Pacific Journal contributing editor .
Asia-Pacific Journal articles on related themes include :
Herbert P. Bix , Remembering the Konoe Memorial : the Battle of Okinawa and Its Aftermath
C. Douglas Lummis , Okinawa : State of Emergency
C. Douglas Lummis , The Bus to Henoko : Riot Police and Okinawan Citizens Face-off over New Marine Base
An Amber Alert was issued for 16-year-old Kirsten Fritch ( left ) Tuesday after her mother and mother 's daughter were found dead in a Baytown home . Baytown police arrested 21-year-old Jesse Dobbs ( right ) in connection with the killings .
Three days after a statewide Amber Alert was issued for a missing Texas teen , police say they have found her body .
Baytown police said the body of 16-year-old Kristen Fritch was found on Thursday in a wooded area behind a bar in Texas City , which is about 25 miles from Baytown .
Fritch was reported missing Tuesday after her mother , Cynthia Morris , 37 , and her 13-year-old sister , Breanna Pavilicek , were found shot to death in their Baytown home .
Fritch 's 21-year-old boyfriend , Jesse Dobbs , who is a person of interest in the shootings , was taken into custody at a bar in Texas City on Monday . Police say he abducted Fritch .
Surveillance video shows officers barge into the bar , struggle with Dobbs , then fall to the ground before arresting him .
Dobbs was transported to Galveston County jail and charged with resisting arrest . Police said they will also be seeking murder charges against him . His bond has been set at $ 50,000 .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
A new breakthrough in disease and drug research may have the potential to wipe out the proteins in our cells that are triggers for illnesses such as cancer and Huntington 's .
Scientists from the University of Dundee in Scotland are calling their new discovery the “ kiss of death ” for those harmful proteins .
Prof. Alessio Ciulli , whose lab contributed over five years of work to this discovery , told Global News that it was a “ complete game changer in drug discovery . ”
READ MORE : Radioactive cancer-killing ‘ smart ' drugs being developed at University of Saskatchewan
Ciulli explained that previous efforts in his field have looked at blocking those “ bad proteins , ” but the new findings have discovered a method to completely destroy them .
The team of researchers focused on a type of small molecule called PROTAC ( proteolysis-targeting chimeric molecules ) . For the first time , they designed a PROTAC structure that bound the bad proteins to neutralizing agents , kick-starting a process of degradation .
“ Crucially what we 've found is that it 's not enough for a neutralizing protein to sit close to the bad protein , ” said Ciulli . “ Instead it has to make direct contact ; it has to kiss it . Not just a little peck , but really a Gone With the Wind embrace . ”
What 's promising about their molecule design is that it 's similar to the design of drug compounds in shape and size , which is an encouraging development to tackle proteins which were once regarded as “ undruggable . ”
“ We 're still far from having this kind of molecules as actual drugs , there 's still a long road ahead of us , but we 're en route . We 're on the right path , ” he said .
Ciulli said the most probable application for this discovery would be for disease treatment and cures , rather than prevention .
READ MORE : Scientists are pushing to genetically modify babies to avoid diseases
“ Many cancers just are n't curable with current therapeutic approaches for lots of sorts of different reasons . We believe that this new approach of wiping out these bad proteins from the cell , eradicating them completely , will provide potentially new cures for this disease for which there is no cure at the moment . ”
Their findings were published in the journal Nature Chemical Biology .
5 experienced artists at Pixar have announced that they 'll be forming a studio called Steel Wool Games . Made up of Joshua Qualrieria , Jason Topolski , Andrew Dayton , Jonathon Hoffman and Sequoia Blankenship , the team has worked on films such as Toy Story , Brave and The Incredibles , with their total time at Pixar adding up to a whopping 60 years .
Steel Wool Games will develop their titles when they 're not working for Pixar , with the studio already preparing for the complete loss of sleep that this will cause them . The team have been quick to stress that Steel Wool is in no way affiliated with Pixar , with the game development taking place after hours .
The studio is already at work on their first game , which will be titled Flyhunter . Dayton commented that Flyhunter and other games produced by Steel Wool will utilise a “ Grimsical ” style , with worlds that are funny and whimsical at first glance but harbour gritty undertones .
Flyhunter has been signed up with publisher Ripstone , who in the past have released hit indie games such as Really Big Sky and Cosmic Cleanup . The publisher is predominately known for Playstation titles , but as of yet there 's no confirmation as to which platforms Flyhunter will be released on .
At the moment there is n't much else known about Flyhunter , although the game 's official site does hint that the hero will be able to use a plasma forged flyswatter as a weapon . Some of the concept art also indicates that the player will control a miniature character with grass towering over them in a vein similar to A Bugs Life .
Flyhunter is currently slated for release in the summer of 2013 .
Until we begin seeing each other as our flesh and blood neighbors with names and not through the archetypical lenses of media , the political violence will only heighten .
As Jon Ossoff left the stage in defeat for the sixth congressional district runoff race last Tuesday , he said , “ Darkness has crept across this planet. ” Call it metaphor or call it spiritual , it 's not the scientific secularism the Left claims to represent . In fact , it represents a resurgent spiritual posture with distinct articles of theology . One of the loci theologici of this theology is its initiation sacrament , its baptism of blood if you will : political violence .
It begins , as we see in Ossoff 's words , with the view that world as it exists in its totality is under the rule of dark powers . This is classic Gnosticism . The esoteric language of the historic Gnostic myth sounds arcane to the modern ear , but the psycho-spiritual mechanisms going on are resurgent , and until we grasp Gnosticism 's various traits and characteristics ( which you can get a fuller reading of here ) , we will not fully understand our era .
Note , for instance , the Manichaeism ( an ancient Gnostic variant ) of the leftist imagination . The world of the past is a realm of darkness and ignorance , generating systems and institutions like marriage , gender constructs , bordered nations , rationalism , individualism , federalism , capitalism , language , and so on . Stooges of this dark world order are the un-woke .
Meantime , for the woke ( a truly Gnostic term ) they envision a place of purity and light , where borders , gender distinctions , marriage definitions , distinctions between personal property , and rational meanings in language all dissolve . ( The discerning will note it 's the darkness that blurs distinctions and the light which exposes them . )
When they win , the Left becomes Hermetical . Hermeticism , which was popular in the Renaissance after a Neoplatonism revival , was optimistic Gnosticism , proposing man can take the reins of the world 's dark overlord and run the world for good . This is the “ long march through the institutions ” approach , and with the actual success of this approach since the 1960s . the Left was content to sit back while “ History ” did its thing .
The Left Thinks Their Despair Justifies Violence
Now that the Left has lost , and keeps losing , another dynamic is taking over . It 's not one of surfing History into the future , but of lashing out at phantom threats under the delusion that it 's self-defense . It 's logical within the Gnostic framework : “ I do violence to defend myself against the oppression of the current system and its supporters. ” The obvious example of this is the recent shooting in Alexandria , Virginia . But consider some other high-profile examples and pay attention to the language .
After the University of California-Berkeley erupted in leftist violence , the Daily Californian ran five editorials under the banner of “ Violence as self-defense. ” Nisa Dang wrote , “ To people with platforms who decide when a protest should and should not be violent : You speak from a place of immense privilege . As I recently wrote in a tirade against this brand of idiocy , asking people to maintain peaceful dialogue with those who legitimately do not think their lives matter is a violent act . ”
Then there 's Kathy Griffin and her odd justification for mock-beheading President Trump : “ I 've dealt with older white guys trying to keep me down my whole life , my whole career . ”
Now we hear from Huffpost 's La Sha on the death of Otto Warmbier at the hands of North Korean torturers : “ The hopeless fear Warmbier is now experiencing is my daily reality living in a country where white men like him are willfully oblivious to my suffering even as they are complicit in maintaining the power structures which ensure their supremacy at my expense . ”
Or consider the mocking reaction you get from leftists on the rising suicide rate among middle-aged white males . Bill Maher is typical : “ It 's hard out there for a wimp , and that 's why tonight I 'd like to remind white people of something very important they may have forgotten , you 're white , cheer the f-ck up . ”
In each of these examples , the author or speaker has lost touch with basic human decency , caught up in a psycho-spiritual drama where the world is imprisoned by dark forces operating through entities , including people , deserving of destruction . Why ? Because the salvation of humanity requires it .
This all reminded me of my favorite quote I discovered while researching for my book , “ Gnostic America , ” where Donna Minkowitz claims she had sadistic lesbian sex ( even calling such sex a gnosis ) as a rebellion against marriage norms . On these terms we get insight into the Left 's regard of abortion as a sacred act : it 's a bloody political revolution against traditional systems of oppression created by reproductive biology in cahoots with traditional culture .
The fact that Minkowitz made her reflections on rough sex after attending a religious right charismatic event—and seeing a similar spirit there as she saw in the gay rights movement—only underscores the total permeation of a certain , iconoclastic spirit in the American soul . And that spirit is Gnostic .
The Phantasmic Roots of Gnostic Iconoclasm
Gnosticism 's iconoclastic streak throughout history is apropos . Iconoclasm literally means “ to break images. ” Images , in their original Greek progeny , are phantasmic , as in , they are something mentally or psychologically induced taking projected form . Of course , for the Gnostic , what is mentally or psychologically induced is the only sort of reality that matters .
Here 's the kicker . As I become woke to my imprisonment in the external , dark world order , reality transfers from the outside to the inside . My engagement with reality evolves from a posture of reception to a posture of projection . Where before I might see a particular human being as a unique , independent entity sharing a humanity with me—Christians call that my “ neighbor ” —now I project onto him my newly “ woke ” imaging . Everything outside of me now becomes a projection of internal phantasms , characters , and symbols in my own psycho-drama .
The bottom line is that , once woke , you see the world in symbolic , iconic idioms , icons deserving destruction . Thus iconoclasm . A simple shop in an inner city becomes a symbol of the system of capitalistic oppression , deserving of riotous destruction . A police officer becomes a symbol of white privilege , justly murdered in an effort to break free from oppression .
A soldier becomes a symbol of American colonialism , rightly spit upon . Donald Trump symbolizes the patriarchy keeping women down . Republicans become symbols of all that is evil , the archons ruling the world , who will keep us all in chains unless destroyed . Language must be deconstructed , by violent legal fiat if need be . As icons of a hopelessly corrupt world oppressing me , it all must be iconoclastically broken . Violence is salvific .
It 's Only Going to Get Worse
So long as we are a media-saturated culture , it 's not likely things are going to get better . Media by its very nature works in the realm of the phantasmic , manipulating archetypes and narratives . Every story has to have a hero and a villain , and in the gnostic psycho-drama , representatives of traditions and long-standing systems or institutions—like capitalism , republicanism , federalism , the rule of law , individualism , marriage , family , and faith—are the villains keeping the hero from his journey of authentic self-realization .
The Left is no longer dealing with passive Christians , but with a new , irreligious rightist element that will fight back .
Exhibit A : just about every movie ever made . Exhibit B : the mainstream media 's framing of news and events . It 's the gnostic psycho-drama that haunts the American soul , a truly American religion .
Until we pass through this gnostic moment , and begin seeing each other as our flesh and blood neighbors with names and not through the phantasmic and archetypical lenses of Facebook , the mainstream media , pop music , and any number of other media , the violence will only heighten . This is true on the Left as well as on the Right . The Left should know that they 're no longer dealing with right-wing , passive Christians , but with a new , irreligious rightist element that will fight back . Have fun with that .
Over the last several decades our society has made the wager that we can disconnect from a religion whose central message is that God traversed the gulf between spirit and flesh , becoming our flesh-and-blood neighbor , making our neighbor an object of love , and miraculously creating a community of human beings transcending race and nationality .
But as that same religion has warned us , madness lies the way of that disconnect . Madness , and also violence .
Share . Sony boasts a huge userbase , but who are these players ? Sony boasts a huge userbase , but who are these players ?
There are 19 million PlayStation Home users , according to Sony . My question is simple -- who the hell are they ?
Four years ago , I went to my first GDC and my first Sony keynote speech . There , the company debuted a new game called LittleBigPlanet and promoted the social feature known as PlayStation Home . LittleBigPlanet went on to be a mega-success and spawn this year 's sequel . PlayStation Home got delayed a bunch , found its way to every PS3 , and has been quietly moving along ever since .
Today , Sony debuted PlayStation Home Client version 1.5 . It 's a tool for developers to make better games in Home -- real-time multiplayer , improvements to the physics engine , and better graphics . You know , typical GDC stuff that does n't matter much to the average player now but will when developers make games with the tools . The game that showed this off was Sodium 2 , a free-to-play racer that looks a bit like WipEout and puts your Home avatar in the cockpit .
Still , the interesting stuff came when PlayStation Home Director Jack Buser began talking numbers . Since launch , more than 19 million people around the world have logged into Home and the average session is now 70 minutes long . There are more than 230 games in Home and more than 8,000 virtual items on the Home marketplace .
How many people play Buzz in Home ?
Without a doubt , all of that sounds impressive , but I could n't help but question it . I play a lot of PlayStation 3 and I have a full friends list , but I never see people playing Home . Clearly , I was n't the only one wondering about these figures . People started asking questions , and Buser said the 19 million refers to the people who have registered and entered the world -- those users could be like me that have played once and never touched the thing after that . Someone asked for the average number of users on a day-to-day basis , and Buser said Home shares that information with developers but could n't divulge that number to us .
Then , Buser said something that caught my attention : PlayStation Home users are `` the most engaged , most active users on the PS3 . '' Could that be the case ? I 'm on the PS3 daily , and I do n't use Home . I have a full friends list , and I never see people on it using Home .
WHO Is THESE HOME PLAYERS ?
I do n't know , so I Tweeted and posted on My IGN looking for people who do and do n't use PlayStation Home . Now , I have 24,000 My IGN followers and 11,000 Twitter followers . I got about 40 email responses in two hours . In short , these responses are not statistically significant . However , if you 're following me on one of these social networks , I 'd think it 's pretty safe to assume you 're into video games and an `` engaged '' user .
So , what did my respondents have to say about Home ...
YES , I USE HOME
`` I use PlayStation home at least once a week . I use it to hang out with friends who my parents do n't allow me to see in real life since they live too far for them to take me there . ''
- Geoff Shapiro
`` I use PlayStation Home quite frequently , whenever an upcoming game comes out and there is promotional content in Home for it , I use it , especially if using the home service leads to me receiving something in the actual game , like Killzone did . ''
- Koal McMillan
`` Do I use PlayStation Home ? Use might be a strong word . I go on PlayStation Home from time to time , usually just to check out what is new and cool . I do n't `` use it '' per se . I think Home is a great idea with somewhat untapped potential . Long load and download times are certainly a barrier to entry , not to mention a UI which I feel is somewhat clumsy . ''
- Phillip Costiagn
`` I still log in to Home maybe once a week . It 's always interesting to me to roam around and feel like I 'm part of a larger community . It can be fun to mess with people and have really strange conversations with strangers . The experience as a whole has also grown exponentially since it launched . For those who dismissed it early , I 'd say it 's worth revisiting . ''
-Sean O'Brien
`` When I 'm there , I have things to do and people to talk to , but the main issue is I have no real reason to go in , screw around , and most importantly keep coming back -- and the longer I 'm away the less interest I have going back . That and I 'm too busy playing games . ''
-Ahmadu Gidado
NO , I DO N'T USE HOME
`` I have been on it a few times . I do n't really like it , and uninstalled it over a year ago . It does n't really do anything for me in the sense that it 's just a place where people walk around following all the girls , say stupid things and dance around . I liked playing chess with someone , but it 's not my idea of a good time ... I 'd rather just play my PS3 and not go around social networking with a bunch of random people . ''
- Graham Waldrop
`` In my opinion , there really is nothing that Home offers that is new and/or unique . If I want a social network , I have Facebook and Twitter . If I want trailers on upcoming games , I have IGN ... Do n't get me wrong , I like what Home is trying to do in the aspect of social gaming , but there really is n't anything in Home that I ca n't find better implemented somewhere else . ''
- Sam Howard
`` I have never used Home . Nothing about what I 've seen in demos or heard from other users made it sound in any way desirable . There have been a few times when I clicked on it in the XMB out of boredom , but as soon as it said it needed to install software , my curiosity was overruled . ''
- Pete Thomas
`` The PlayStation Home theater is a pretty awesome idea , and it works very well . The games that they give you to play like flash game are very good idea but are not all that fun usually , and let 's be honest , without Trophies ? Come on . ''
- Kyle Leppek
`` The simple , to the point reason about why I do n't use PlayStation Home is because I find the entire application cumbersome and slow . Loading times are ATROCIOUS . Why not just have a giant chat room ? Why do I have to have avatars running about everywhere ? ''
- Adam Roy
Are you a Home user ?
HOW DO YOU IMPROVE HOME ?
`` I think that you should be able to hook up a digital PSone to your TV in your apartment and invite people over -- you then can play online multiplayer with anyone in your apartment on any PSone game you bought from the PS store . ''
- Josh Hughes
`` I want the game launching that was promised and the Trophy rooms . Yes , there are some games ( i.e . Warhawk ) that use the game launch function , but not enough . And where is the Trophy display room that was promised ? I want to be able to display my Trophies proudly in a room for all to see ! ''
- Phillip Costiagn
`` I could be persuaded to get back into it , but the fact that it is something you have to run separately is a big reason for my disinterest . I would likely use it , and maybe enjoy it if it was replacing the cross media bar . ''
- Stephen Haberman
`` It might sound weird but the only way I see Home ever being viable , is if they replace the XMB with it . When you turn on your PS3 , it 'll take you to your apartment where you could check messages on the laptop , go to your TV to play the game ... etc . As it is , Home is little more than a shallow marketing tool void of any true relevance . ''
- Justin Raney
`` If I had a wishlist : Virtual rooms for games where you can see DLCs , forums , etc . Use of your trophies ( ie , VIP area in game rooms if you achieved platinum ) . Integration with social media ; for example facebook ( and more than just post I 'm here ) ''
- Chris Venantius
Did n't see my call for PlayStation Home input ? Sounds off in the comments below . Do you use Home ? Why or why not ?
In the last 20+ years of the Cowboys failing to win a Super Bowl we 've seen a lot of heartbreak , and the way this season ended is another chapter in that book . The Seattle contest was a game the Cowboys could have easily won but they completely whiffed on offense .
This is a team that is best run through the offense 's ability to control the clock and scoreboard . However , in many games , it was a very young defense that did their jobs while waiting for the offense to pick up the slack . That slack was not picked up last Sunday and now the Cowboys will miss the postseason for the fifth time in the Jason Garrett era .
Personally , I 'm not behind the idea of firing the head coach unless who 's taking over far exceeds who is leaving . In any case , whether or not you believe Garrett needs to get the ax , Jerry Jones has pretty much thwarted that idea .
One coach who should be sitting on a pretty warm chair is the offensive coordinator , Scott Linehan . People tend to believe that Garrett has the power to reclaim the playcalling duties but we 've been told he trusts his staff . If we 're to believe that Garrett relies heavily upon his lieutenants then Linehan has failed his head coach this season .
We can discuss the fact that the Cowboys were without Ezekiel Elliott for six games or how poor he was at pass protection after his short layoff but that redzone playcalling trumps all . That series of plays on that drive will go down as the absolute worst two minutes of the season :
-First and goal at the SEA-3 : Dak Prescott from the gun gets one yard
-Second and goal at the SEA-2 : Holding on Jason Witten , 10-yards .
-Second and goal at the SEA-12 : Prescott is sacked for -11 yards .
-Thirds and goal at the SEA-23 : Prescott passes to Witten for seven yards .
-Fourth and goal from SEA-16 : Dan Bailey wide right and misses 34-yard FG attempt .
As a frustrated spectator of this game , I could n't help but tweet the following :
The # Cowboys have lived their 2017 season in one game ... — ✭Michael Sisemore✭ ( @ MrSisemore ) December 25 , 2017
There are a lot of truths we 're going to be discussing about this team in the offseason , including players that did n't play well , but those five plays were an indictment on a stubborn coaching staff . For that , it 's completely warranted for fans to be calling for change .
Ezekiel Elliott had 15 carries for 73 yards in the first half alone . That 's 4.86 yards per carry , the Seahawks defense did n't stop him , his offensive coordinator did . He finished the game with 24 carries for 97 yards , how do you explain nine touches in the second half ? It 's the same as the Packers game where Linehan called a pass on second down that ended up leaving too much time on the board for Aaron Rodgers . This offense gets too cute at times and it comes back to bite them squarely in the backside .
Linehan 's offensive reputation in this league is impressive on it 's own but time after time he overthinks things . There is no need to stop your own strength , let the other team dare to stop it . Ezekiel Elliott was taking pressure off the offense without the best left tackle in football and Linehan abandoned his best player in the second half when they needed him most .
The Cowboys dominated in time of possession by nearly six minutes , had six more first downs , were better on third downs , had more passing yards , more rushing yards , but walked away with four field goals . Russell Wilson failed to get to 100 passing yards while his running game got a measly 76 yards on 30 attempts , about 2.5 yards per carry . They gifted Seattle 142 yards in penalties and three turnovers which inevitably decided this game .
Once again , Linehan started getting pass happy and that 's when the offense started stalling . They have seemingly forgotten how to establish their identity and stick to it . When they have done so , they win games . When they do n't sustain that rhythm , they lose .
They were fifth in total yards in 2016 with 376.1 per game , they 're now sitting at 14th with 334 per game . The passing numbers this season are awful as they 've dipped to 197.9 passing yards per game , that 's 25th in the league . They 've also scored 73 points less than last season in the process . For the first time since Garrett has been the coach , he 's watched four instances in which his team was n't competitive this season . That Broncos game looks worse by the minute , does n't it ?
We do n't need to rehash how much this team has been outscored by in the second halves of games or that they were beaten 70-22 over a three week period . No aspect of this team has looked worse this season than the offense that could n't be stopped a year ago . Though I tend to blame poor personnel most of the time , without question the playcalling has routinely let the players down . Just ask Dak Prescott , who at one time looked to be primed to crush his numbers from a season ago , but now has some out there calling him a one-year wonder .
The offense has taken a huge step backwards and though the head coach shares blame , he 's declared safe . That means this will fall at the feet of Scott Linehan , who deserves plenty of credit for the latest Cowboys ' meltdown .
Bill Shorten accuses Tony Abbott of politicising terror laws
Updated
Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has accused the Prime Minister of seeking to politicise the process for bringing in anti-terrorism laws .
Tony Abbott wrote to Mr Shorten last month calling on Labor to pass proposed data retention laws by the middle of next month .
The laws would force telecommunications companies to store data about their customers ' phone and internet use for two years .
Mr Shorten 's office has released a letter he wrote to Mr Abbott on February 9 saying Labor supports the bill being dealt with quickly , but only once a committee looking into it has finished its work .
`` I am disappointed that recent media briefing has sought to politicise the development and consideration of anti-terrorism legislation , '' Mr Shorten wrote .
`` This is at odds with a responsible and bipartisan approach to such important issues . ''
Mr Shorten said the committee has been informed of a number of concerns about the bill that should be dealt with , including how much keeping the data would cost and its impact on press freedom .
The Opposition Leader said he also wanted to know what kind of data would be kept .
`` We should be able to work these issues through but it is important in a democracy that we get the balance right , '' Mr Shorten said today .
Mr Abbott today hinted at a national security crackdown in the wake of the deadly Sydney siege , warning Australia would not let `` bad people play us for mugs '' .
He will make a security statement next Monday and he is also soon to release a joint review by both the NSW and Commonwealth governments into the Lindt cafe siege , which left two hostages and the gunman dead .
In a video message at the weekend , Mr Abbott said people who might be a threat to Australia had been getting the benefit of the doubt for too long .
`` There 's been the benefit of the doubt at our borders , the benefit of the doubt for residency , the benefit of the doubt for citizenship and the benefit of the doubt at Centrelink , '' he said .
`` And in the courts , there has been bail , when clearly there should have been jail . ''
Mr Shorten called on Mr Abbott to explain what the problems are and how he plans to fix them .
`` He has said there is softness in the system , well that 's alarming , '' he said .
`` I think Tony Abbott needs to come clear about where he thinks the softness is and then what we will do is work with him to make sure Australians are safe , that 's our record . ''
Topics : abbott-tony , terrorism , federal-government , bill-shorten , government-and-politics , immigration , defence-and-national-security , australia , nsw , sydney-2000
First posted
The more Jimmer Fredette weighed his options , the more he had one place in mind where he hoped to continue his professional career : Westchester .
“ We felt at this point the Westchester Knicks would be the best landing spot , ” Fredette said during a media conference call on Monday afternoon , when he detailed the latest chapter of his basketball odyssey .
On Saturday , the Knicks ' NBA Development League affiliate chose the former BYU star with the No . 2 pick in the 2015 NBA D-League Draft . That came 10 days after Fredette was waived by the Spurs , his fourth NBA team in five years .
He said on Monday that upon his release , he mulled over offers from several organizations — including teams overseas — with his agent , Jeff Austin . They eyed Westchester for several reasons :
1 ) It allows Fredette to remain close to an NBA franchise . It 's no coincidence that the New York Knicks , who play 40 minutes downtown , have 14 players on their 15-man roster . Fredette saw an opportunity to try to land that final spot .
He said the triangle offense , which Westchester also runs , suits his game : “ They do n't really get caught up on who 's a point guard , who 's a shooting guard . They just have guards out there who can score , that can handle the ball , that can shoot and you have to be a smart basketball player in order to run it . ”
2 ) It represents a homecoming of sorts . Fredette is from Glens Falls , N.Y. , about a three-hour drive upstate . He grew up watching Knicks games on MSG Network during the era of Allan Houston , the assistant GM for New York and head GM for Westchester .
The appeal of returning to the Empire State was an added bonus for Fredette , who said his family would make the trip to the Westchester County Center to watch his games . There 's no better place to try to rediscover the form that made him a star at Glens Falls High School ; he even pointed out that two of his best career NBA games came at Madison Square Garden , where he 's averaged 13.0 points ( 63 % FG , 53 % 3FG ) in 21.3 minutes over four career games .
3 ) He 's a great fit for the NBA D-League 's free-flowing style . NBA D-League teams averaged 102.0 possessions per 48 minutes , 109.4 points and 26.1 three-point attempts per game last season , compared to the NBA 's averages of 93.9 possessions , 100.0 points and 22.4 three-point attempts .
That should be music to Fredette 's ears . “ That 's a big part of it , being able to get in here . I 've heard it 's high tempo , a lot of possessions , lots of threes . Being in the D-League , I might be able to get into a rhythm and start shooting the ball well and get some confidence and get some reps . I 'm excited about that . ”
While Fredette has his sights set on Manhattan , he will be auditioning for all 30 NBA teams ; NBADL players whose rights are not owned by NBA teams sign contracts with the NBA D-League itself and are thus free agents .
Danny Green , Gerald Green and Hassan Whiteside are among the players who have taken this route , landed Call-Ups and turned their careers around . Fredette hopes to be next .
“ Sometimes it 's about finding the right situation at the right time in this league , ” he said . “ I have n't been able to find a spot to find a long-term contract . That happens in this league to lots and lots of guys and I 'm aware of that . Sometimes you go through some things to find the right situation . Hopefully that 'll be here . ”
Oil markets have been tetchy of late , seeing sharp upticks on the back of the Israel-Palestine conflict . But oil bulls are watching the wrong war . Forget Arab-Israeli antics , it 's the continuing deterioration in Syria and the prospect of regional quagmire , that poses far greater threats to Middle East oil supplies .
The lazy assumption that the Assad regime would go the same way as other Arab Nationalist Republics and fall under the weight of its own military contradictions simply has n't happened . Despite widespread territorial losses to the opposition ‘ Free Syrian Army ' , Assad 's hold on Damascus remains strong ; his grip on the Syrian military , even stronger . Neither side can win - and neither side is willing to lose - let alone negotiate to end the 19 month long conflict . With stalemate likely to ensue , it comes as no surprise that Syria increasingly resembles a medieval battleground for regional influence , rather than an internal dispute for Syrian 's to work out .
On one side , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Libya all want Assad gone , providing splintered opposition groups with cash and arms to keep pressure on Damascas . Egypt is hedging its bets by doing the ‘ diplomacy thing ' ; while Iran ( and a deeply pernicious Russia ) , continues to directly support the Assad regime . In what 's become a fully-fledged battle for the Levant , Saudi Arabia and Qatar are more than happy to spin the conflict into a Sunni-Shia issue , directly pitting Gulf Monarchies against the regional influence of Iran . Salafist Islamist foot soldiers are doing most of the internecine fighting . And true enough , a sectarian angle is certainly in play , but it should n't be overhyped from Tehran 's perspective . Theocracy is ‘ nice ' , but power politics holds the Iran-Syria relationship together with the Ba'ath party . Syria has become the ‘ swing state ' where regional ascendancy will be won or lost across the Middle East . No one is in any doubt of that geopolitical fact .
As brutal as the indirect battles have been ( the UN places the death toll at over 30,000 people and 1.3 million displaced ) , no one can really take the upper hand . The Arab League is never going to stage a direct invasion , any more than a sanction stricken Iran is going to make any drastic move before its own presidential elections are out the way in June 2013 . The Israelis will moan about chemical weapons stockpiles in Syria , but they 'd hardly want to open a ‘ war ' on two ( or more ) fronts . That 's while America and Europe are going to sit this one out , exhausted from Iraq , Afghanistan and Libya . That does n't leave much , other than the one state that stands to lose most from the Syrian imbroglio : Turkey .
Turkey was supposed to be ‘ the way of the future ' for post-revolutionary Arab states , but Syria 's demise has given Ankara a ‘ bad neighbourhood ' problem . As long as Assad stays in power , President Erdoğan 's plans for economic integration with its southern Arab neighbours will not only be a non-starter , Ankara could end up with a failed state along its southern border . Instability will spread into Lebanon and Iraq , not to mentioned renewed vigour of the Kurdish campaign in Turkey as a direct result of Syrian military withdrawal along its border . Simply put , protracted war in Syria is a core concern to Turkish sovereignty .
Take a look at the energy map , and things get markedly worse . As President Assad ironically picked up , Turkey was always going to be the vital regional energy hub , linking up energy trade across the ‘ Four Seas ' spanning the Black Sea , the Mediterranean , Persian Gulf / Arabian Sea , and the Caspian . It was the transit key to getting hydrocarbons out of the Caspian via the Caucuses ; unlocking Iraqi potential to feed multiple markets ; bringing Iranian supplies towards Europe ; and even offering Russia gas outlets towards the Pacific Basin . But for this ‘ energy continuum ' to work , Turkey not only needs to be internally secure , it needs to be on good terms with all the states involved . The current state of play in Damascus makes that structurally impossible . Scorched earth equals stranded energy . Everyone loses out .
How long this unedifying game goes on remains to be seen . But given NATO has agreed to place Patriot missiles on Turkey 's southern border , gives us an idea of the stakes involved . That 's principally as a defensive measure against Syrian mortars , but if things continue to take a turn for the worse , how long Turkey keeps its powder dry and troops at bay , is anyone 's guess . No one wants to open Pandora 's Box by invading Syria , but Turkey may eventually be left with no choice . Not if it wants to be a beneficiary of Levantine regional power , rather than a perennial casualty , as events in Palestine and far more importantly , Syria , currently attest . That 's the real Middle East crisis oil markets need to be watching right now : Damascus , Damascus , Damascus…
The hitherto untold story of Bank of Bombay , one of the forebears of the State Bank of India , has been finally chronicled through rare documents and photographs at a newly opened heritage gallery at BKC
Chief general manager Deepankar Bose at the gallery . Pic/Pradeep Dhivar
Article By Kusumita Das | Mumbai
It 's not often that a commercial bank has looked beyond mundane money matters . But , a bank that has clocked no less than 200 years is no commonplace bank . The history of the State Bank of India is deeply embedded in the history of the country 's freedom struggle , the reason why , in the year 1975 , the bank commissioned renowned economist , professor Amiya Kumar Bagchi to document its story . That culminated into four volumes of books and eventually , the renowned State Bank archive in Kolkata , besides heritage galleries in Nagpur , Mumbai , Pune and Goa . However , the recently opened heritage gallery in Mumbai , at the BKC head office , is not like any of its predecessors .
An account-opening statement of RD Tata at the New Bank of Bombay , 1899 . Pic/Pradeep Dhivar
Called ‘ Down Memory Lane ' this one is dedicated to the history of the Bank of Bombay , one of the most “ interesting and adventurous ” forebears of State Bank of India , according to Abhik Ray , the brains behind the gallery .
A page from Act III of 1840 for the incorporation of a Bank for Bombay . Pic/Pradeep Dhivar
Covering the period from 1840 to 1920 , this space is home to some of the rarest displays excavated from the folds of history . We see pages from the bank prospectus , bank opening notices , advertisements , pages from old rule books , first legal tenders , notices of the bank being shut for Parsi New Year and the marriage of Prince of Wales ( among other occasions ) , shareholders ' list besides a collection of archival photos from that period . Among the special draws is an account opening statement of RD Tata , with the New Bank of Bombay , dated 1899 . The gallery traces the history of the bank from inception to the time it shut during the American Civil War , its resurrection as the New Bank of Bombay and its amalgamation as an all-India bank when it got nationalised as SBI in 1955 .
The emblem for the Bank of Bombay . Pic/Pradeep Dhivar
“ As a semi-government bank that was set up in 1840 , its main purpose was to stabilise the rates of interest and mobilise credit for the East India Company government in Bombay . A remarkable trait of this bank was how it operated in times of distress , raising loans during wars and famines . It stood its ground in a difficult business environment , and successfully financed manufacturing businesses , like the cotton mills for instance . Also , many of its customers were Indians , something that was not the case for its sister concerns — the Bank of Madras and Bank of Bengal . There were Indians on the board of directors , who were eminent industrialists . They would back Indian employees and borrowers , ” says Ray , who has authored two coffee-table books on the history of SBI and is in the process of penning the fifth volume of SBI 's history . The former SBI deputy general manager ( history ) , who has worked closely with Bagchi to document the bank 's history , tells us that Bank of Bombay was the first bank to have a pension fund in place , and have retirement benefits for its Indian employees as well .
A reason why the story of this bank was harder to trace back , says Ray , is because all documents from the period between 1840 and 1867 were destroyed , when the bank had collapsed . “ It was a deliberate ploy on the part of miscreants to hide their misdeeds . But , thankfully , some records and exchanges of communication with the government of Bombay , notices and so on , were available in the Maharashtra State Archives . What you see in the gallery is mostly retrieved from there , ” Ray tells us in a telephonic interview from Kolkata . What makes this bank even more intriguing is how its story ran parallel to India 's nationalist movement . “ Many individuals on the board were eminent nationalists , ” Ray says . “ Dinshaw Edulji Wacha , one of the directors , joined the freedom movement and was one of the founders of the Indian National Congress , as was Pherozeshah Mehta , a customer of Bank of Bombay . When the Imperial Bank of India ( which later transformed into SBI ) was formed in 1921 , Wacha was made director of the central board and he was the first to demand the Indianisation of the banking service . ”
There are two digitised stands in the gallery that allow visitors to read the history in detail , besides an audio-visual clip giving an overview of the story , in four parts . As he takes us through the gallery , chief general manager , Deepankar Bose tells us , “ We do n't know much about the history of the Bank of Bombay . The thought was to create a gallery which tells that story . Of all the presidency banks , this one is the most charismatic . This is the only bank that went out of business for seven years ( 1867-1874 ) , and people do n't know about it . And , this is again the bank which started the financing of industry . This story is very different from that of its counterparts . ”
While the gallery is open to public , by appointment only , most footfalls are from its staff . “ The young staff members , especially , are not aware that the bank has such a rich history , interconnected with the freedom struggle and industrialisation . When they see something like this , they connect with the organisation better . That 's why we create these heritage galleries . And history is always full of learning , ” Bose signs off .
For anyone in the Conservative Party who believed that the DUP would be pliable lobby-fodder to keep them in power , the events of Saturday evening provided a warning .
With Theresa May under mounting internal pressure after her disastrous election result , on Saturday the government 's chief whip flew to Belfast for talks with senior DUP figures in a bid to hastily tie down the details of an agreement which will give the Tories a Commons majority .
At 7.30pm on Saturday , Downing Street issued a statement which said “ we can confirm that the DUP have agreed to the principles of an outline agreement to support the Conservative government on a confidence and supply basis ” .
Just four and a half hours later , a midnight DUP statement said that although “ the talks so far have been positive ” , the discussions “ will continue next week to work on the details and to reach agreement on arrangements for the new Parliament ” – effectively saying that agreement had not been reached .
Within an hour , Downing Street issued a second statement saying that talks are ongoing and that the details would emerge “ as and when ” they were finalised .
In relation to the first government statement , Sky News Ireland correspondent David Blevins reported that Downing Street had “ issued the wrong statement in error ” . That comment was retweeted by the DUP Twitter account . If that is correct , it may seem entirely reasonable for the DUP to clarify what exactly was going on .
However , in the context of what Downing Street had said , the error appears to have been minor . The fact that the DUP so quickly jumped in to point out the mistake – fully aware of the consequences for a weakened Theresa May – will no doubt alarm a prime minister who was already reeling from being shorn of her two key advisers .
The government was not claiming that the DUP had agreed to enter coalition with the Tories , something which would require a detailed agreement , such as that between David Cameron and Nick Clegg in 2010 .
Rather , the government statement claimed an understanding of “ the principles ” of “ an outline ” agreement which would involve confidence ( joining with the Tories to vote down votes of no confidence ) and supply ( passing the budget ) .
In fact , the DUP has already explicitly said that it would support the Tories in the event of a hung Parliament , out of a loathing of Jeremy Corbyn over his links to republicanism and an ideological opposition to large swathes of his manifesto .
The very least which that support could involve would be a confidence and supply arrangement .
The DUP are experienced negotiators and ruthless exponents of Aneurin Bevan 's dictum that politics is a blood sport . They will be entirely aware of the implications of Saturday night 's statement for an already weakened prime minister .
Many senior DUP figures admire not only Mrs May 's forthright unionism but her brand of One Nation Conservatism and her move away from some of the stridently individualistic Thatcherite rhetoric . Therefore , if she can survive the DUP will be very comfortable doing business with her .
But if Arlene Foster , Nigel Dodds and their small circle of advisers calculates that Mrs May is too wounded to lead a credible government , the DUP will not be shy about making that explicit .
In fact , on election night Mrs Foster said of Mrs May : “ I think it will be difficult for her to survive . ”
As the lead party in the devolved Stormont Executive for the last decade , the DUP has experience of how awkward junior partners in a coalition can be .
This is not a party which is likely to be sated by a few million pounds for Northern Ireland . It will extract a high price – and not just in financial terms .
Additional Trigger Warning : the title of this article may nonetheless be offensive to some users , despite the warning ( or because of it ) .
Disclaimer : there simply is no way to avoid offense because the trigger warning itself is offensive . Any time a person is warned of potential triggers , the assumption is that the person being warned is somehow easily offended and weaker than the superior person who is giving the warning . Mentioning this obvious fact may itself be a trigger . In extreme cases , or perhaps even in regular cases , adverse reactions may ensue . Any talk at all triggers may be triggering .
Mansplaining Alert : The above disclaimer has been overly described by a white male guest author at this website who is not aware that most people already know the above ( or simply will never be able to understand and learn it ) . The views of this gentleman may not actually reflect him or others being smart or not being smart , but he thinks he 's smart . It is not the intention of the writer to imply that the readers are not smart ( or at least there is plausible deniability ) .
Fairness Doctrine Notice : prior to publishing this article , we requested a black female reader who wished to inject the following alternative view . “ Oh come on . You think that dumb trigger warning is really needed ? This website is stupid and I 'm blocking it from my browser . ”
Fairness Disclaimer : there is no actual rule to require fairness , and fairness may not actually be achieved . Specified demographic viewpoints may not pertain to all members of the demographic . But we tried .
ARTICLE CONTENTS — without further ado , here are the contents of this article :
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dogs as a pig fell in the mud . This is a breaking story . Stay tuned here for updates after the next trigger warning .
The consumer group U.S . Right to Know is calling for improved transparency and public disclosure of industry funding for and coordination with public university professors .
Email communications obtained by U.S . Right to Know through state Freedom of Information Act requests show extensive collaboration between agrichemical industry giant Monsanto Co. and University of Illinois food science Professor Emeritus Bruce Chassy on projects to promote GMO crops .
The emails disclose that Monsanto , the leading developer of GMOs , was making financial contributions to the university for Chassy 's use over the same period that Monsanto or Monsanto-affiliated public relations operatives were providing Chassy pro-GMO content and/or editing for presentations , papers and videos .
The emails also reveal that Monsanto and a public relations operative helped Chassy set up a nonprofit group and website called Academics Review to criticize individuals , organizations and others who raise questions about the health or environmental risks of GMOs .
In one example , Chassy co-authored a series of articles that argue GMO labeling is a “ disaster in waiting ” — with no disclosure of his collaboration with GMO developer Monsanto .
U.S . Right to Know called on Congress to require disclosure of food and agrichemical industry payments to universities and professors , just as pharmaceutical and medical device companies are required to disclose payments to physicians and teaching hospitals under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act .
“ Professors should n't be able to lobby or do PR for agrichemical companies while representing themselves as independent , and they should have to disclose any money they receive from those companies , ” said Gary Ruskin , co-director of U.S . Right to Know . “ Congress should expand the Physician Payments Sunshine Act to require disclosure of payments from food and agrichemical companies to professors and universities . ”
Other documents obtained by U.S . Right to Know show similar collaboration with other U.S. academics , including University of Florida Professor Kevin Folta .
Folta received an unrestricted $ 25,000 grant from Monsanto and told Monsanto he would “ write whatever you like . ”
Sign up for Olympics Headlines . Get the Boston Globe 's most recent Olympics Headlines delivered direct to your inbox every morning .
Aly Raisman is angry .
The six-time Olympic medalist and Needham native recently revealed that Larry Nassar , the former doctor for the US national gymnastics team , had sexually abused her .
Now , Raisman wants to speak out about it to protect younger athletes coming up , while trying to influence change in the power structure of USA Gymnastics .
“ I 'm really upset because I care a lot when I see these young girls that come up to me , and they ask for pictures or autographs , whatever it is , I just . . . I ca n't . . . every time I look at them , every time I see them smiling , I just think , ‘ I just want to create change so that they never , ever have to go through this , ' `` Raisman said in a “ 60 Minutes '' interview that aired Sunday .
Advertisement
In the interview , Raisman talked about when the abuse first happened , why she did not first recognize Nassar 's treatment as sexual assault , and why she is pushing for a culture change .
“ I was in denial . I was like , ‘ I do n't even know what to think . ' You do n't want to let yourself believe but , I am . . . I am . . . I am a victim of sexual abuse , '' she said . “ Like , it 's really not an easy thing to let yourself believe that . ''
Raisman is now among the more than 130 women who have made similar claims about Nassar , who worked with USA Gymnastics for more than two decades . Many of the athletes who have accused Nassar of sexual assault say his treatment for hip and back pain included him inserting a gloveless hand into their vagina , according to “ 60 Minutes . ''
Raisman , now 23 , did not go into graphic detail about what Nassar did to her , but said Nassar first treated her when she was 15 . She said she trusted Nassar and that she was “ really innocent . ''
“ I did n't know anything differently , '' she said . “ We were told he is the best doctor . He 's the United States Olympic doctor and the USA Gymnastics doctor , and we were very lucky we were able to see him . ''
Advertisement
Raisman described Nassar 's behavior — buying her presents or other knick-knacks , giving her sweets — as an effort to gain her trust while seemingly attempting to normalize the assaults and make her question herself if ever asked about it . In 2015 , an investigator working for USA Gymnastics approached Raisman about Nassar . But she said it was n't until after she spoke with the investigator that she began to realize Nassar 's treatment was not normal .
“ I want people to know just because someone is nice to you and just because everyone is saying they 're the best person , it does not make it OK for them to ever make you uncomfortable , '' she said . “ Ever . ''
Buy Tickets
Raisman said she hopes that athletes speaking out , including teammate McKayla Maroney , will force change in a system and culture that allowed it to happen for years — other than just replacing Steve Penny , the ex-president of USA Gymnastics , with Kerry J. Perry . Raisman pointed out that when critics question why athletes took so long to speak out , the conversation is framed incorrectly and should be refocused on the perpetrator .
“ Why not look at what about the culture ? '' she said . “ What did USA Gymnastics do , and Larry Nassar do , to manipulate these girls so much that they are so afraid to speak up ? ''
Lynn Raisman , Aly 's mother , told “ 60 Minutes '' that the biggest thing she wants other parents to take away from the piece is that “ predators are n't just strangers . ''
“ They can be highly educated , '' she said . “ They can be very well-respected in the community . It could be a family member , it could be a family friend . ''
Advertisement
Meanwhile , Raisman said she 's still sorting through everything she has been through — and will continue to do so .
“ I think it 's important for people to know too I 'm still trying to put the pieces together today , '' she said . “ It impacts you for the rest of your life . ''
Is Soda Addiction a New Problem ?
I 've written before about the dangers of soft drink addiction… which sounds like it could even be a joke . How many times have you heard someone refer to themselves as a “ cokeaholic ” ? The truth is , soda addiction is no laughing matter . The chemicals in soft drinks are not only habit forming , but highly addictive . And that 's exactly what the big soda companies want . Let 's take a deeper look at some of the negative health effects of sodaBack in 2002 , Dr. Judith Valentine , Ph.D described the problem with soda in her article “ Soft Drinks : America 's Other Drinking Problem . ”
“ Huge increases in soft drink consumption have not happened by chance — they are due to intense marketing efforts by soft drink corporations . Coca-Cola , for example , has set the goal of raising consumption of its products in the US by at least 25 percent per year . The adult market is stagnant so kids are the target… Influencing elementary school students is very important to soft drink marketers. ” “ Since the 1960 's the industry has increased the single-serving size from a standard 6-½-ounce bottle to a 20-ounce bottle . At movie theaters and at 7-Eleven stores the most popular size is now the 64-ounce ‘ Double Gulp . ' ” “ According to the National Soft Drink Association ( NSDA ) , consumption of soft drinks is now over 600 12-ounce servings ( 12 oz . ) per person per year . Since 1978 , soda consumption in the US has tripled for boys and doubled for girls . Young males age 12-29 are the biggest consumers at over 160 gallons per year — that 's almost 2 quarts per day . At these levels , the calories from soft drinks contribute as much as 10 percent of the total daily caloric intake ... ”
So you decide to be responsible and limit the amount of soda your family consumes . Well , big soda has ways to deal with troublemakers like you . They 've taken steps to cut you out of the equation and peddle their product directly to your kids , ensuring they get the full effect - addiction and all - at a young age .
How to Sell Soda to Children
“ Soft drink companies spend billions on advertising . Much of these marketing efforts aimed at children through playgrounds , toys , cartoons , movies , videos , charities and amusement parks ; and through contests , sweepstakes , games and clubs via television , radio , magazines and the internet . Their efforts have paid off . ”
Have you noticed your kids ' school has more soda machines than yours did when you were a kid ? There 's a reason for that , and it 's ugly – the major soft drink companies are targeting schools . Since the 1990 's , most schools in the United States have had to deal with painful budget cuts . They must decide between slashing programs or selling out to marketing campaigns . It 's common for schools to have exclusive contracts with major soda companies that does n't include healthy alternatives to soda , like coconut water .
“ In 1998 the Center for Science in the Public Interest ( CSPI ) warned the public that soft drink companies were beginning to infiltrate our schools and kid clubs . For example , they reported that Coca-Cola paid the Boys & Girls Clubs of America $ 60 million to market its brand exclusively in over 2000 facilities . Fast food companies selling soft drinks now run ads on Channel One , the commercial television network with programming shown in classrooms almost every day to eight million middle , junior and high school students . In 1993 , District 11 in Colorado Springs became the first public school district in the US to place ads for Burger King in its hallways and on the sides of its school buses . Later , the school district signed a 10-year deal with Coca-Cola , bringing in $ 11 million during the life of the contract . This arrangement was later imitated all over Colorado . The contracts specify annual sales quotas with the result that school administrators encourage students to drink sodas , even in the classrooms . ”
Consequences of These Decisions
As you may guess , allowing children unrestricted access to liquid candy is not without health consequences .
“ We as practitioners and advocates of a healthy lifestyle recognize that consuming even as little as one or two sodas per day is undeniably connected to a myriad of pathologies . The most common health risks are obesity , diabetes and other blood sugar disorders , tooth decay , osteoporosis and bone fractures , nutritional deficiencies , heart disease , food addictions and eating disorders , neurotransmitter dysfunction from chemical sweeteners , and neurological and adrenal disorders from excessive caffeine . ”
And that 's not all . Forty-four grams of high fructose corn syrup per serving is bad , but “ sugar-free ” diet soda is even worse . Diet soda usually contains the artificial sweetener aspartame . Aspartame is a dangerous chemical and neurotoxin that metabolizes into formaldehyde and , in my opinion , is one of the worst artificial sweeteners on the market .
What Can Be Done ?
If pushers of liquid candy and hazardous chemicals have already infiltrated our schools , what options do we have ? Dr. Valentine explains :
“ One good idea comes from the Philippines , a country where malnutrition is an ominous health threat . A recently devised plan there would allow citizens to cash in on the country 's ‘ junk food diet ' by taxing every liter bottle of carbonated soft drink sold . If the US taxed soft drink sales , the new income stream generated could then be distributed to declining school budgets . Is this not a better idea than forcing our schools to sell their souls to soft drink companies under the titanic sink of fiscal degradation ? ”
What do you think ? Leave a comment below and share your thoughts .
References ( 1 ) Valentine , Judith , PhD , CAN , CNC . “ Soft Drinks : America 's Other Drinking Problem . '' WestonAPrice . Weston A Price . 26 May 2002 . Web . 1 Feb 2015 .
†Results may vary . Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor . Global Healing Center does not dispense medical advice , prescribe , or diagnose illness . The views and nutritional advice expressed by Global Healing Center are not intended to be a substitute for conventional medical service . If you have a severe medical condition or health concern , see your physician .
Last night , we wrote about another developer thoroughly bashing the app store for its inane approval policies . This time it was well known developer Joe Stump , who had an important bug-fix for his company 's game Chess Wars sit in App Store limbo for six weeks . Finally , this morning an Apple representative named Richard called Stump to inform him why Chess Wars was being rejected after the six week wait : the bubbles in its chat rooms are too shiny , and Apple has trademarked that bubbly design . Yes , the App Store has reached a new low .
Upon hearing this , Stump says he specifically asked the Apple representative to confirm that these bubbles were in fact trademarked , to which the representative responded , “ Yes ” . The representative said Stump needed to make the bubbles “ less shiny ” and also helpfully suggested that he make the bubbles square , just to be sure .
Of course , there are numerous other apps that have used this glossy chat appearance , including Facebook and Tweetie , a very popular Twitter client . The difference in This is that they include small thumbnails of user photos , which Chess Wars does n't have . Stump asked the Apple representative if including small photos in the interface would solve the problem by helping to differentiate it from Apple 's native SMS app , but the Apple representative said that it was the bubbles themselves that are the issue . Which means that Apple is either being remarkably inconsistent in its approval policies ( which would be nothing new ) , or they 're about to launch a crusade to eliminate these glossy bubbles from any application that dares use them .
Five Places : sci-fi safari FIVE PLACES
Trona Pinnacles , near Trona , Calif. Trona Pinnacles , near Trona , Calif. Photo : Spud Hilton , The Chronicle Photo : Spud Hilton , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Five Places : sci-fi safari 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
For every phenomenon and force in the universe that we can explain , there seem to be a dozen others that we ca n't - which , of course , does n't stop armies of writers , movie directors , TV networks and pseudo-religious cults from speculating about what could be . From 17th century tales of sea monsters to Flash Gordon serials to `` Avatar '' on Blu-ray , science fiction is so ingrained in the culture , you ca n't help but wonder when the jet packs and transporters will be delivered . The biggest mystery ( other than why the Sci-Fi Channel is now the incredibly dopey `` Syfy '' ) might be where to find great icons of science fiction in the West . Wonder no more .
{ utriangle } 1 . Trona Pinnacles , Trona
Good camera work can make places seem otherworldly , but the pinnacles are just naturally bizarre . Hundreds of tufa towers of calcium carbonate ( some 14 stories tall ) grew in the middle of a now-missing alkali lake near Death Valley . The formations have provided eerie settings for `` Planet of the Apes , '' `` Star Trek V '' and `` Lost in Space . '' Five miles off Highway 178 on a dirt road , about 2 miles south of Searles Valley ( San Bernardino County ) . www.blm.gov ( search for `` Trona '' ) .
2 . Dark Carnival Bookstore , Berkeley
For more than 30 years , this self-acclaimed `` bookstore of the imagination '' has been dispensing all manner of science fiction ( as well as fantasy fiction ) , and it offers a large collection of signed editions , including copies by Ray Bradbury and Isaac Asimov . 3086 Claremont Ave. , Berkeley ( not Oakland ) , ( 510 ) 654-7323 , www.darkcarnival.com .
3 . Lathrop Tower Mart , Lathrop
This convenience market off Interstate 5 is n't all that extraordinary - soft drinks , gas , restroom - with the possible exception that there 's a crashed UFO poking through the roof . The not-so-flying saucer , about 30 feet in diameter , can be seen from both sides , although there 's little in the way of explanation inside the store . Probably best to take away the message : Do n't drink and fly at the speed of light . 192 Lathrop Road , Lathrop ( San Joaquin County ) , ( 209 ) 858-4998 .
{ utriangle } 4 . Extraterrestrial Highway , Rachel , Nev .
Thanks to its proximity to Area 51 , and claims of UFO sightings , this stretch of State Route 375 has been dubbed the Extraterrestrial Highway - by the state of Nevada ( the speed limit is Warp 7 ) . The Little A'Le'Inn in tiny Rachel milks this for all it 's worth , with photo tours near Area 51 and seasonal alien festivals . ( If abducted , ask the aliens if you can be dropped off somewhere less remote . ) Rachel is 2 1/2 hours north of Las Vegas . ( 775 ) 729-2515 , www.littlealeinn.com .
{ utriangle } 5 . Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame , Seattle
The name is pretty explanatory , although the museum shares billing and space with the Experience Music Project . Among the goodies in the permanent exhibitions : a `` Star Wars '' light-saber , Captain Kirk 's command chair , storyboards from `` Blade Runner '' and `` the greatest spaceships of science fiction '' in an orbital space dock . 325 Fifth Ave. N. , Seattle , ( 206 ) 770-2700 , www.empsfm.org .
MUSKEGON , Mich. — Ten-year-old Dallas Johnson could n't wait for Inauguration Day .
He had followed the presidential campaign for months , and was thrilled when he woke up the morning after the election and learned that Donald Trump had won .
“ I like that he 's honest and says what 's on his mind , ” Dallas said about the President .
His parents rewarded that enthusiasm by ordering “ Make America Great Again ” caps for Dallas and his older brother , and they arrived a few days after Christmas .
Dallas wore his new hat a few times after that , but waited to wear it to school . He wanted to display it on the day President Trump took the oath of office .
“ Whenever I said he 's our president , my mom would say he 's the president-elect , ” said Dallas , a fifth-grader at Lincoln Park Elementary in the Mona Shores school district . “ I said I was just waiting for Jan. 20 , when he 's actually the president , so I can say that . ”
He was pumped up when the big day arrived .
“ When I dropped him off at school , I said you 'll probably be watching the inauguration today , and he was so excited , ” said his mother , Dee Johnson . “ He was like a kid waiting for Christmas . ”
But Inauguration Day did n't go the way Dallas had hoped . He learned the hard way how ugly people can be about political disagreements , even in elementary school .
His first disappointment came when he asked his teacher if the class could watch the inauguration , and was told there would n't be time for that .
He also encountered harassment from a number of classmates before school , during recess and at lunch .
A lot of kids did n't like his hat , and were n't shy about letting him know it .
“ During recess some kids said stuff about ( President Trump ) and would take my cap off , ” Dallas said . “ They were saying ‘ Trump is gay , Trump is whacked , and take that hat off . ' One kid took it off and ran away with it . One of my friends told me , ‘ You 're not wearing that hat to basketball practice . ' ”
By the end of the day Dallas ' mood had turned pretty sour . He did n't get to watch the inauguration , and the treatment he received from his classmates left him feeling “ pretty teed off . ”
“ I did n't like it that they did all that , ” he said . “ I was mad . ”
His mother noticed his mood right away when she picked him up from school .
“ When he got in the car , I said ‘ What 's wrong buddy ? ' ” Dee Johnson said . “ He said people kept taking his hat . He was kind of chocked up . He said the kids kept saying President Trump was gay , dumb and stupid . I asked if the class had watched the inauguration , and he said ‘ no . '
“ I was upset . When we got home I wrote ( a Facebook post ) because my heart hurt for him . Here he was , excited about the guy he had watched go through the election and win . He was so excited , then he was crushed . ”
But Dallas is not the type of kid who stays down for long .
His mood started to rebound that evening , when he went with his father , Yosef Johnson , to play basketball at a local gym . They went to the basement and noticed a man who was boxing and wearing a Trump shirt .
“ I said , ‘ What a coincidence , I 'm wearing my Trump hat , ” Dallas said . “ He said he had to get a picture of us . ”
The man , who was a total stranger , had a photo taken of him and Dallas together , and later sent a copy to Yosef Johnson .
“ Later on ( Dallas ' father ) went over and told the guy what kind of day Dallas had , and thanked him , ” Dee Johnson said .
On Saturday , after his team 's morning basketball game , Dallas got to watch a recording of President Trump 's inauguration .
“ He wanted to watch it at midnight on Friday , when I got home from work , but I told him to go to bed , we 'll watch it tomorrow , ” his mother said .
The following Monday , with his pride fully restored , Dallas decided to wear his hat to school once again .
“ It was up to him , ” his mother said . “ I just said , ‘ It seems to upset you when this stuff happens , so if you do n't want to wear it , that 's fine . ' ”
“ I said ‘ I 'm wearing my hat , whether they like it or not , ' ” Dallas said .
Dallas talked to his teacher on Monday and told him what had happened with his classmates .
“ I told him we have freedom of speech , ” Dallas said . “ He said they have freedom of speech , too , and I said yes , but they should do it in a respectful way . ”
As it turns out , Dallas is going to get the chance to show off his “ Make American Great Again ” cap in a special way at school .
Price tries to reassure on health care ; Dems not buying it
Health and Human Services Secretary-designate , Rep. Tom Price , R-Ga. , pauses while testifying on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , Jan. 18 , 2017 , at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee . ( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Offering reassurances , President-elect Donald Trump 's pick for health secretary said Wednesday the new administration wo n't “ pull the rug out ” from those covered by “ Obamacare. ” Democrats were unimpressed , noting a lack of specifics .
Rep. Tom Price , R-Ga. , also told the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee that Trump is “ absolutely not ” planning to launch an overhaul of Medicare as he tries to revamp coverage under President Barack Obama 's signature health care law . He acknowledged that high prescription drug costs are a problem , but did not endorse the idea of government directly negotiating prices .
Throughout the nearly four-hour hearing , Democrats peppered Price with questions about his stock trades . The sometimes confusing exchanges involved different transactions under distinct circumstances . Price , who has signed a government ethics agreement to sell his stock , was clearly annoyed by the suggestion that he profited from his official position . “ I 'm offended by that insinuation , ” he told Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander , R-Tenn. , lauded Price 's performance , but ranking Democrat Patty Murray of Washington said she remains deeply concerned . No Democrats offered support for the 62-year-old nominee , an orthopedic surgeon-turned-legislator .
Price said he wants to reopen a bipartisan dialogue on health care centered on practical solutions .
“ One of my goals in this entire debate is to lower the temperature , ” said Price , speaking in even , measured tones . “ People need to know that no rug is going to be pulled out from under them . ”
Alexander said he took that to mean that the Trump administration will be careful , and not attempt to repeal the 2010 health care law without a replacement ready to go . The Affordable Care Act is providing coverage to about 20 million people , and government as well as private experts say repealing without a concrete substitute would make millions uninsured and spike premiums .
But Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Va. , Hillary Clinton 's running mate , said , “ I do n't think ‘ lowering the temperature ' is consistent with rushing ” to repeal and replace . Trump has promised to unveil his plan when Price is confirmed .
With coverage for millions at stake , Price faced pointed questions about Trump 's evolving stance on health care . Trump campaigned on repealing Obama 's law , but at times he 's sounded more like a liberal . For example , he made recent comments about providing insurance for everyone and taking on the drug companies .
In an interview aired Wednesday on Fox News Channel , Trump said his approach would offer coverage through private insurers for people who can not afford it .
“ Nobody is going to be dying on the streets with a President Trump , ” he said . He said his plan would “ probably ” turn Medicaid over to the states in the form of block grants to cover low-income people . Democrats reminded Price that approach could lock in big cuts .
Price represents Atlanta 's northern suburbs and until recently led the House Budget Committee . A budget hawk and a social conservative , he drafted his own plan to replace Obama 's health law . It would have saved taxpayers money but covered fewer people , according to an outside analysis .
Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , pressed Price on whether Trump intends to keep promises repeatedly made during the presidential campaign not to cut Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid .
“ I have no reason to believe he 's changed his position , ” Price said . He expressed support for some provisions of the Obama health law , including allowing young adults to remain on parental coverage , protecting people with pre-existing medical conditions , and closing the Medicare prescription drug coverage gap .
Questioned by Sen. Tammy Baldwin , D-Wis. , Price acknowledged there are “ certain areas where drug price increases seem to have little basis in rational actions . ”
But pressed on whether he would support Trump 's call for Medicare to negotiate with drug companies , Price tried to sidestep . If confirmed , Trump would be his boss , Price said , but he also suggested the idea of negotiations needs further study . He was supportive of requiring drugmakers to provide more public information about how they set prices .
Democrats also challenged Price on his extensive stock portfolio . His investments have prompted questions about potential conflicts of interest and calls for a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of possible insider trading .
Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , suggested Price got a special deal in the purchase of stock in an Australian drug company , Innate Immunotherapeutics . But Price insisted other investors also had the same option .
“ I think our job is to avoid the appearance of conflict , ” Franken chastised . “ And you have not done that . ”
Republicans bristled at such questions .
“ To question whether you are honest is insulting , ” Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky. , told Price .
HELP is one of two Senate committees that will hold hearings on Price . The Finance Committee , which actually votes on reporting the nomination to the Senate floor , will conduct a hearing next week .
CHEYENNE , Wyo . – Handing a major victory to environmentalists , a court cast doubt Friday on a longstanding U.S. government argument that blocking federal coal leasing wo n't affect climate change because the coal could simply be mined elsewhere .
Environmentalists have been trying for years to block federal coal leases on climate-change grounds with limited success . The ruling by the 10th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals will require the U.S. Bureau of Land Management to provide more data to support its argument that coal makes no net contribution to climate change after it 's burned in power plants . The BLM oversees leasing of vast Western tracts that supply much of the nation 's coal .
“ This is big . And we 're certainly going to be wielding this and using it to confront other mining approvals both in the Powder River Basin and beyond , ” said Jeremy Nichols with WildEarth Guardians .
The Sierra Club and WildEarth Guardians sued to block four leases that would allow mining to continue at the Black Thunder and North Antelope Rochelle mine , the two biggest in the U.S. by production . Both are in the Powder River Basin , where vast , open-pit mines supply around 40 percent of the nation 's coal .
In analyzing the leases , the BLM found that burning the coal deposits would result in 382 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually , or about 6 percent of the U.S. total in 2008 .
But the BLM argued that because utilities could simply get their coal from mines that do n't lease federal deposits , blocking the leases would have no net effect on climate change .
The appeals court was n't persuaded , ruling that the BLM did n't provide sufficient data to back up that argument . It told a lower court to seek more analysis from the agency .
In the meantime , mining will continue at three of the contested leases the BLM sold to Peabody Energy and Arch Coal , the St. Louis-based companies that own the two mines . A fourth contested lease near Black Thunder has n't sold yet .
BLM officials did n't immediately return a message seeking comment . Wyoming Gov . Matt Mead , a staunch supporter of the coal industry , said he was disappointed in the ruling but pleased that mining could continue .
Wyoming Mining Association Director Travis Deti also called the ruling disappointing .
Wyoming 's coal industry has rebounded somewhat since competition from cheaper natural gas made 2016 its worst year in decades . Around 500 miners were laid off in the state 's coal patch , and the state continues to face an inability to build new schools , which are funded by coal leasing .
“ Wyoming can continue to cling to the past or get out ahead of these changes by producing the clean power that consumers are demanding , ” said Sierra Club Wyoming Director Connie Wilbert in a release .
With Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump unprecedentedly unpopular—55 percent of voters view her unfavorably , and 70 percent hold a negative opinion of him—third parties see a chance to make a real dent in this presidential election .
And the third party in the best position to do so ? The only one likely to be on the ballot in all 50 states ? The one having its most optimistic week ever ? It 's the party of those socially liberal yet fiscally conservative Libertarians . Sure , as Full Frontal 's Samantha Bee notes , most Americans agree with only every other thing Libertarians say . Sure , as Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson acknowledges , some Libertarians are “ wonderful people ” and others are “ just batshit crazy. ” Sure , the runner-up for the party 's presidential nod , Austin Petersen , has proclaimed that like most Libertarians he just wants “ to live in a world where gay married couples can protect their marijuana fields with fully automatic machine guns . ”
But it 's time to take the Libertarian Party seriously . The ticket boasts the combined experience of two former two-term Republican governors—Johnson of New Mexico and his vice presidential pick , William Weld of Massachusetts . A growing number of GOPers have said they 're either voting Libertarian this time or at least , like former presidential nominee Mitt Romney , they say they 're considering it .
And Johnson is currently hovering above 10 percent in the polls—that 's more than enough to swing the election . The new CBS Poll has Johnson at 11 percent , with only 7 percent separating presumptive Democratic nominee Clinton and presumptive Republican nominee Trump . The new Bloomberg Poll has Johnson at 9 percent , less than the 12 percent separating Clinton and Trump . And the latest poll by Fox News has Johnson at 12 percent , far more than the 3 percent spread between Hillary and The Donald .
If these figures were to hold , it would mark more than a 1,000 percent increase over the Libertarian Party 's previous high of 1 percent , which it attained in 2012 with Johnson , again , heading the ticket . And the media are starting to take note : CNN will host a primetime town hall featuring Johnson and Weld on June 22 .
“ They 're a strange combination , ” says Terri Bimes , assistant director of research at UC Berkeley 's Institute of Governmental Studies . “ Their motto is ‘ keep the government out of my pocket and out of my bedroom . ' So on some issues , like abortion rights , marriage equality , global non-intervention and legalization of marijuana , they 're to the left of Clinton . On others , like minimizing the imprint of government on the economy and the culture—some purists do n't even think we should have driving tests—they 're to the right of Trump . So they could end up taking votes from both sides . ”
And it would n't take much to swing the election , one way or the other .
“ Let 's say they only get 5 percent , ” said election stat wizard Nate Silver of fivethirtyeight.com in a recent podcast . “ That could still be larger than the margin separating Clinton from Trump . If they take 3 percent from Trump and 2 percent from Clinton , that leaves only a 1 percent swing . And a 1 percent swing could really matter . ”
But predicting which side they would hurt more is a risky business .
“ In 1980 , most people assumed that when liberal Republican John Anderson ran as an independent , he would hurt Reagan , ” says Bimes . “ But post-election analysis showed that he actually hurt Carter more by giving anti-Reagan Republicans a place to cast their votes instead of having to vote for Carter . ”
“ He comes across like an under­dog , with a little bit of the grass-rootsy , granola-eating feel that Demo­crats like . Besides , both Liber­tar­i­ans and Repub­li­cans are quite white , as are San­ders sup­port­ers . ”
One reason pundits are taking Johnson and Weld seriously this year is that the deadline for qualifying for the ballot has already passed in several states , including vote-rich Texas . That inability to get on some state ballots is likely to severely handicap other third parties , such as Peace and Freedom or the Greens . But the Libertarians have already qualified in 32 states , including Texas , and are on track to qualify in all 50 for the third straight presidential election cycle .
“ But even if they do n't , they could still make a big difference , ” Bimes says . “ Ralph Nader was n't on the ballot in all 50 in 2000 , but he did get on the ballot in Florida , where he got 97,000 votes that probably would have gone to Gore . If Gore had gotten those votes he would have won the state outright , and there would have been no need for a recount , no hanging chads , and no Bush vs. Gore . ”
Although conventional wisdom and current polling indicate that the Libertarians will pull more votes from Trump than Clinton , Silver notes that Johnson will attract some Democratic voters .
“ I think Johnson will have some appeal to disaffected Sanders voters because of his position on gay marriage and money in politics , ” he has said . “ He comes across like an underdog , with a little bit of the grass-rootsy , granola-eating feel that Democrats like . Besides , both Libertarians and Republicans are quite white , as are Sanders supporters . ”
Johnson and Weld say their goal is to rise to 15 percent in the polls by the fall , which would earn them a spot in the presidential and vice presidential debates . But even a 5 percent showing would trigger public financing for their campaign—a real boost at a time when the Democrats and Republicans are eschewing public money in favor of their own fund-raising efforts ( disregarding the irony of a party that scorns government intervention choosing to accept public funds instead of going the private route ) .
The Libertarian Party was founded in 1972 , nominating John Hospers and Tonie Nathan for president and vice president . They got one electoral vote from a “ faithless elector ” ( the term for someone who votes for a candidate he/she was n't pledged to ) from Virginia named Roger MacBride , who was pledged to Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew but voted for Hospers and Nathan instead . Hospers was the first openly gay man to run for president , and Nathan became the first woman to get an electoral vote . Four years later , rogue delegate MacBride became the party 's presidential nominee himself .
The party 's official slogan was “ There ai n't no such thing as a free lunch ” ( which party devotees abbreviated to the geeky acronym “ TANSTAAFL ” ) , a phrase taken from Robert Heinlein 's sci-fi novel The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress , known as “ the manifesto of the Libertarian revolution. ” Today , the official slogan is “ The Party of Principle . ”
In the 1990s several state Libertarian parties adopted the Liberty Penguin as their official mascot , while other state parties adopted the Liberty Porcupine , which is also the symbol of the Free State Project—a movement to recruit at least 20,000 Libertarians to move to New Hampshire in order to make the state a stronghold for Libertarian ideas . Every year for the past 13 years , New Hampshire 's White Mountains have been the site of the Porcupine Freedom Festival ( aka “ PorcFest ” ) .
In 1980 the party nominated Ed Clark of California for president and David Koch—yes , one of the Koch brothers—for vice president . Koch 's money enabled the campaign to be self-funded that year , and the ticket racked up 921,128 votes , or 1.6 percent .
“ There are different wings of the party , ” Silver has explained . “ Johnson is a true-blue Libertarian , liberal on the social issues and conservative on the economic issues . Then there 's the Rand Paul wing , which is a little bit more conspiratorial , and then there 's the rich a-hole wing . ”
But , he added , he does n't include the Koch brothers in that last category . “ The Kochs are fairly true-blue Libertarians . ”
At this year 's Libertarian convention , Johnson beat four other contenders for the nomination , including Petersen as well as John McAfee , founder of the eponymous anti-virus software company , who assured the convention that humans will soon be replaced by artificial intelligence ; Marc Allan Feldman , who never voted until he was 50 ; and Darryl Perry , who accepts campaign donations only in the form of Bitcoins or precious metals , had his nominating speech delivered by an “ erotic services provider ” named Starchild , and said 5-year-old children should have the legal right to inject heroin without adult supervision .
But Silver thinks the party is trying to reach out beyond its fringes by nominating Johnson and Weld , who both enjoyed success and great popularity during their gubernatorial terms . In fact , he calls the Libertarians “ the most pragmatic of the three parties so far . ”
The Libertarians are part of a long tradition of third parties going back to 1832 , when the first third party , the Anti-Masonic Party , was formed . ( Its main contribution to history was holding the first political convention . )
“ It was so much easier for third parties to take on the major parties back then , ” says Bimes . “ Look at the Republicans . They nominated their first presidential candidate , John C. Fremont , in 1856 . He lost , but four years later they gained control of both the White House and Congress . ”
Why ?
“ For one thing , the parties printed their own ballots , ” she says . “ We did n't even have secret voting until the 1890s , and that 's when you start to get states controlling the ballots . “
Despite their rela­tive lack of elec­toral success , third parties can boast one thing : They often pro­duce the most color­ful can­di­dates .
Third parties have always had a potential impact as spoilers . In 1912 ex-President Teddy Roosevelt—running on the Progressive , or Bull Moose , ticket—turned on his old party and got more popular and electoral votes than the Republican incumbent , William Howard Taft . But the split in the Republican ranks enabled the Democrat , Woodrow Wilson , to win an overwhelming majority of the electoral votes despite winning barely more than 40 percent of the popular vote .
Something similar happened in 1992 , when independent Ross Perot took enough votes away from the incumbent Republican , George H.W . Bush , to enable Democrat Bill Clinton to win the Electoral College despite winning a only a plurality of the popular votes .
“ The major difference is that in the 19th century third parties tended to be organized around issues , and despite losing the election , those issues were often adopted by one of the major parties . In 1880 and 1892 the Populist Party nominee , James Weaver , ran on a free silver platform . He lost both times , but free silver became part of the Democratic Party 's platform in 1896 , ” says Bimes . “ But in the 20th century third parties have become vehicles for personalities , such as George Wallace in 1968 or Ross Perot in 1992 , and their influence on policy has been minimal . ”
Despite their relative lack of electoral success , third parties can boast one thing : They often produce the most colorful candidates , including comedian Roseanne Barr ( Peace and Freedom 2012 ) , Black Panther and pants designer Eldridge Cleaver ( Peace and Freedom 1968 ; not to be confused with comedian Dick Gregory , who ran that same year on the Freedom and Peace ticket ) , feminist pioneer Victoria Woodhull ( Equal Rights Party 1872 ) and former presidents Martin Van Buren ( Free Soil Party 1848 ) and Millard Fillmore , who anticipated Donald Trump by 160 years as the nominee in 1856 of the anti-immigrant ( especially anti–Irish Catholic ) American Party , popularly known as the Know-Nothings because party members were instructed to say , “ I know nothing ” when questioned by the police .
But undoubtedly the most colorful of all were labor leader Eugene V. Debs and Glen Taylor . When Debs ran for president on the Socialist ticket in 1920 , he was serving a 10-year sentence at the federal penitentiary in Atlanta for urging young men to resist the draft during World War I . His campaign slogan : “ Prisoner 9653 for President . ”
Taylor , an ultra-liberal senator from Idaho who was nominated by the Progressive Party for vice president in 1948 , did n't give an acceptance speech . Instead , he brought his wife and kids up on stage , where they all serenaded the delegates with a four-part barbershop quartet rendition of the popular ditty “ I Love You As I Never Loved Before . ”
Taylor and his running mate , former Vice President Henry Wallace , got enough votes in New York and Michigan to throw those two states to Republican Thomas E. Dewey . At the same time , another third party , the States Rights Party , headed by arch-segregationist Strom Thurmond of South Carolina , took several states in the South . But Democrat Harry Truman won anyway .
“ Imagine how well Truman would have done without those third party challenges on either side , ” said Bimes .
As for Taylor , he eventually moved to Millbrae , California , and began manufacturing a new toupee design modeled after the hairpiece he created for himself 20 years before . “ I ran three times without it and lost , and I finally realized that the voters do n't have much use for bald politicians , ” he explained . “ I ran the fourth time with it and won . ”
Within two years , the Taylor Topper , as it was called , had become the best-selling toupee in America . The company , now known as Taylormade Hair Replacement , is still going strong in Millbrae today . Donald Trump might want to look into it .
Economist and Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz speaks during an interview with Reuters in New York , September 18 , 2006 . REUTERS/Mike Segar
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and the government of President George W. Bush were to blame for the U.S. financial crisis , Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz said in a magazine interview .
“ This man ( Greenspan ) has unfortunately made a lot of mistakes , ” said former World Bank chief economist Stiglitz , according to a preview of the interview to be published on Monday in profil magazine .
“ His first one was to support all the tax cuts which were introduced under Bush — they did n't stimulate the economy very much ... This task was then transferred more towards monetary policy , though then ( Greenspan ) created a flood of credits with low interest rates , ” Stiglitz was quoted as saying .
Earlier in April , Greenspan said in an interview with CNBC television that the U.S. economy was in recession and defended his chairmanship of the U.S. central bank against charges that his policy missteps had laid the groundwork for the crisis .
He said decisions during his charge had been rationally constructed based on evidence at the time .
Stiglitz said Bush 's government was also to blame .
“ I reproach them , that the economy was not as resilient as it could have been due to the ongoing tax cuts and the huge costs incurred by the war in Iraq , ” he was quoted as saying .
He said it was a myth that Europe could decouple itself from the United States .
“ Especially the weak dollar will continue to hit the European economy hard , because it will make it much harder to export , ” he said .
( CNN ) They say `` Virginia is for Lovers , '' but the state this year promises to be home to an all-out fight for its 13 electoral votes .
The Commonwealth had voted for the Republican candidate in 10 consecutive presidential elections dating back to 1968 . That is until then-Sen. Barack Obama turned the state blue in 2008 , beating Arizona Sen. John McCain by more than 6 points . He held the state in 2012 , but his margin -- over former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney -- shrank to just under 4 points .
Recent polls here show a tight race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump with a shade less than three months to go until Election Day . And recent electoral history is replete with examples of races that ended up being a lot closer than polls indicated .
Virginia is key to both campaigns in their quests to win the necessary 270 Electoral College votes . But while Clinton has several paths to an Electoral College victory , a Trump loss in the Commonwealth could seriously complicate his quest for the White House .
`` Virginia is n't one of the top five states in terms of size . It 's not Ohio , it 's not Florida , but it ai n't small either . Those 13 electoral votes could have made the difference in a lot of American presidential elections , '' said Jeremy Mayer , an associate professor at the Schar School of Policy and Government at Virginia 's George Mason University , who says growth in the state has shifted its electoral makeup .
`` Virginia is changing , '' he added . `` So you have the Appalachian and the Tidewater regions , which still lean Republican , but this growing behemoth of Northern Virginia that is trending blue , blue , blue and has more people and more money . ''
Clinton is hoping to paint the entire state blue again this year , but supporters acknowledge that could be a challenge .
`` We 're still a purple state , '' said Susan Swecker , chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Virginia , who is working closely with the Clinton campaign and wants to make sure potential supporters do not get complacent about the race in the face of bad headlines for GOP nominee Trump . `` He is not fit to run our country , but we have to keep reminding people of that . We have to remind our own base of that , because we hear every day , 'Oh there 's no way he can win . ' We have to remind people that you never know what 's going to happen and it 's our job not to let up on the gas , get our base out and take nothing for granted . ''
To help persuade voters , the Clinton campaign and its allies have spent some $ 4.9 million on TV ads in the state since June 7 , while the National Rifle Association has spent $ 260,775 on behalf of Trump , according to CMAG , an organization tracking campaign advertising spending . Trump 's campaign has n't spent any money on the airwaves .
Obama 's double wins were made possible by a strong , neighborhood-based ground game and by Virginia 's changing demographics . Whites make up about 70 percent of Virginia 's roughly 8.3 million people , according to the latest Census estimates , up slightly from 2010 . But the African-American population has also inched up half-a-percentage point in that time to almost 20 percent . Asians now make up 6.5 percent of the population -- a percentage-point higher than in 2010 -- while Hispanics account for 9 percent of the state , up just over a percentage point .
JUST WATCHED Mapping out states key for Clinton , Trump to hit 270 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mapping out states key for Clinton , Trump to hit 270 02:25
The Clinton team has had staff in Virginia since April and has 28 field offices -- with several more opening soon . Much of its focus will be on turning out voters in populous Northern Virginia counties near Washington -- places like Loudoun , Fairfax and Prince William counties -- an area with a large college-educated population that has grown more diverse in recent years .
They are also aiming to turn out voters in areas with large military populations like Norfolk and even Virginia Beach , a city that went for Romney in 2012 but that Swecker believes could be ripe for a Democratic pick-up this time around . She believes Trump 's recent days-long feud with the Gold Star Khan family , and his belittling last summer of former prisoner-of-war McCain , have provided openings .
`` Those kinds of remarks are the types of things that do n't sit well with Virginians , '' she said .
The Clinton campaign is also hoping to get a boost from tapping Sen. Tim Kaine for the ticket . Kaine , a popular former governor and ex-lieutenant governor who was also mayor of Richmond , speaks fluent Spanish .
Obama 's popularity could also help Clinton put together the winning coalition that sent him to the White House twice : Younger people , college-educated voters , suburban women and minorities . The president plans to campaign extensively for Clinton and his poll numbers are on the rise -- the latest CNN/ORC poll put him at 52 percent , the highest since before his second inauguration , in 2013.‎
Other top surrogates like former President Bill Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden will also likely help Clinton rev up the Democratic base .
Trump has said he plans to campaign hard in Virginia , telling a crowd in Ashburn last week : `` We are going to be here so much you 're going to be so sick of me . You 're going to say , 'please keep him out of here , we 'll vote for you , but please keep him out . ' ''
JUST WATCHED Puerto Ricans in Florida could pick the next president Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Puerto Ricans in Florida could pick the next president 02:53
Much as it is relying on outside groups to promote Trump on the airwaves , the real estate mogul 's campaign is leaning heavily on the Republican National Committee for its get-out-the vote efforts and the group has been on the ground in the state since the beginning of 2015 . They now have some 40 paid staffers working with hundreds of volunteers to connect with Republican voters -- particularly in Southwest Virginia , the Shenandoah Valley and Southside Virginia along the North Carolina border .
`` We are working right now with our volunteers to identify as many Republicans as we can and then as we move forward in the campaign that 'll become persuasion , motivation and get out the vote , '' said Garren Shipley , the Virginia communications director for the RNC . `` What we 're doing is trying to make sure we get every single vote from every single corner of the Commonwealth . ''
RNC teams are also adopting what they see as some of the `` best practices '' of Obama 's two successful campaigns here , dividing Virginia into 111 neighborhood areas they are calling `` turfs '' in order to better connect with voters . That means this year , the person knocking on the doors of potential GOP voters is more likely to be their friend or their neighbor , rather than a stranger dispatched from some distant headquarters -- an approach seen as more persuasive .
`` The more we have this campaign driven by local issues and local people and give local volunteers ownership of the campaign , we think we 're gon na do much better , ‎ '' Shipley said .
Shipley added the RNC is also targeting what they see as minorities who could vote Republican and has printed fliers in Chinese , Vietnamese and Korean ‎to introduce the party to Asians .
County to watch
Both sides plan to hotly contest Loudoun County .
Once solidly-Republican , the large , increasingly diverse suburban an exurban county voted for Obama , twice making it a top target .
`` I 'm going to vote for Hillary , because I think the other guy is a little crazy , '' said Randy Coppersmith , a longtime Democrat from Loudoun County . `` I think competency is important . She has a lot of experience , she knows what she 's doing . ''
Coppersmith said Clinton 's selection of Kaine as her running mate will help her .
But Trump has won support from Lynn Lake , who owns a small business in downtown Leesburg . She likes Trump `` because he basically says things like it is . I feel you can trust him more than Hillary . ''
The RNC 's Shipley calls Loudoun a `` bellwether '' county to watch closely .
`` I think we 're in good shape in Loudoun County and I think even if it does not swing specifically red , it is going to deliver such a close margin for the Democrats that it 's essentially taken out of play , '' he said .
One wild card in the battle for Virginia is the Libertarian candidacy of Gary Johnson , who Mayer expects to do very well nationally , capturing as much as 7 percent of the vote .
`` In most Virginia elections , when the Libertarian party gets above 2 , 3 percent , that is really bad news for the Republicans and I expect that to be true in November , '' he said.‎
While there is still time for a candidate to notch a significant lead , the race is likely to remain close -- and unpredictable here -- until the end .
And as the calendar winds down , the fight is sure to heat up as the candidates go head to head in three debates in the fall . One recent college graduate from Loudoun County is looking forward to those match-ups to help him make up his mind .
`` I think it will help some undecided voters come to a conclusion on who they think the better candidate is to run this country , said Camron Saeidi . `` I 'll be watching them to see how the candidates distinguish themselves from each other . ''
By Jessianne Wright EBS Contributor
BOZEMAN – Nighttime summer skies in Big Sky country are a stargazer 's paradise and in an effort to highlight the Yellowstone area 's night skies , Yellowstone National Park will offer astronomy programs throughout the summer . This programming , offered in cooperation with the Museum of the Rockies and known as Stars Over Yellowstone , is designed to help park visitors find and locate constellations , share stories , and view celestial objects through the lens of a telescope .
On select evenings in June and July , the National Park Service will offer thematic educational astronomy classes in the Madison Amphitheater , and topics include cosmic updates , water and life , touring the night sky and preparation for the August total solar eclipse . Each course will be followed by a night sky observation session at the Madison Information Station parking lot , weather permitting . Evening educational sessions begin at 9:30 p.m. and observation begins at 10:30 p.m. on June 16 and 17 and July 21 and 22 . The Park Service will also host observation sessions of the sun on June 17 and July 22 at 12 p.m. at the Old Faithful Visitor Education Center .
While the NPS astronomy programming is held on select days during the summer , park visitors can gaze at the sky each and every night on their own . According to Yellowstone National Park spokesman Jonathan Shafer , there are just a few simple tips that beginners need to know .
The first , Shafer said , is being aware of light pollution . “ Here in Yellowstone , there are fewer artificial lights than you might find in a big city , but the [ lights ] we have can still have a significant impact on dark sky experiences. ” Shafer added that natural light can impact star observation , and it can be helpful to check what time the moon will rise and set , and time stargazing for moonless periods .
“ Visitors should allow their eyes to adjust to the darkness by keeping all lights turned off after they pick a spot to stargaze , ” Shafer added . “ Far more stars are visible when your eyes get used to the darkness . ”
While difficult to predict , cloud and smoke conditions can drastically impact star visibility as well .
The best stargazing can be done at large , empty areas in the park , well away from developed areas , where views of the sky will be unobstructed . Several locations that are easily accessible and recommended by Shafer include the open area beneath National Park Mountain behind the Junior Ranger Station at Madison Junction ; Swan Lake Flats , about 6 miles south of Mammoth Hot Springs on the road toward Norris Geyser Basin ; Hayden Valley between Canyon Village and Lake Village ; or along the shores of Yellowstone Lake away from Fishing Bridge or Lake Village .
Another way to see the sky is to embark on moonlight hikes . “ Full moon viewings of geysers and other thermal features will help visitors avoid daytime crowds and see the park in a new light , ” Shafer said . “ Be ready for nighttime chills , though . Yellowstone 's nighttime temperatures can dip below freezing in any month of the year . ”
“ It is important for visitors to park legally in pull-outs or parking lots , ” Shafer added . “ Never stop in the middle of the road . A bear does n't care if you 're stargazing , so visitors should carry bear spray on walks at night . ”
“ If conditions allow , visitors who stargaze will be rewarded with spectacular views of the park 's ‘ other half ' in the skies above , ” Shafer said .
To learn more about night skies in our National Parks , visit nps.gov/subjects/nightskies .
I first started watching this program somewhere in the Second Season during its initial run on the SyFy Channel at the urging of my wife , who had been an avid viewer since day one . I had seen the Pilot when it was first broadcast , but never watched with regularity ( at the time I was working a lot of overtime on Friday nights ) . I did come away from the Pilot very impressed by what appeared to be a great premise , excellent special effects , and potentially some great characters . Eventually my Friday evening schedule cleared up and once I started watching a couple of episodes I was completely hooked .
There is a definite 4 year story arc here ; most of the episodes do tie together as the later seasons demonstrate . I wo n't elaborate on all the details of the program , mainly because there are many reviews here that do just that . What I will discuss is the quality of the box set that A & E has released , and has done an outstanding job of packaging and remastering the episodes . I had collected the old ADV releases over the years , and they did a good job of reproducing very good audio and video for the most part . What this set has done is go WAY beyond anything that has been on DVD previously . I do n't know if this is the case , but it certainly looks as if A & E did a complete makeover on the video and audio on this set , and it is nothing short of SPECTACULAR .
Some quick notes about this wonderful package :
VIDEO : These episodes are presented in their original aspect ratios of 4:3 for Seasons 1-3 and 1:78:1 Anamorphic Widescreen for Season 4 . Do not be misled by other reviewers who claim that the final season of the show ( which was indeed the only one filmed in widescreen ) is not in its proper format . The quality of the video is STUNNING : details of all levels of color jump out at you , and the detail in close-ups and special effects are truly amazing . ( A note here : I watched this on an Oppo BD-83 Blu Ray player which upscales standard DVDs to 1080i ) . The video is so good , I would swear I was watching a Blu Ray at times ; THAT 's how good it is . It is a remarkable improvement from the ADV releases of a few years ago ( which up until the release of this set , were fetching a hefty price on eBay ) . I truly was stunned at the video ... I do n't think this show ever looked this good .
AUDIO : One word : phenomenal . The 5.1 mix totally immerses you in the story . All speakers and the sub-woofer are used perfectly and to to any extremes . The ADV releases had a very good 5.1 soundtrack , but the new A & E version has absolutely jaw dropping audio . Yes , it is THAT good .
PACKAGING : 5 `` sets '' of DVDs gathered in one glossy box keeping them all together . Each Season has its own `` set '' with the final set being reserved for a number of special features ( `` making of '' documentaries , mostly ) . The other Special Features as promised in the description of the set here , are scattered throughout the various discs . I wish the glossy box was a bit more sturdy and easier to access the sets ( do you open from the left or right ? you decide ) . A minor quibble though compared to the overall satisfaction I 've gotten so far from this new A & E release .
BOTTOM LINE : `` Farscape '' is truly an incredible show with excellent writing and some fine acting throughout its 4 year run . It would have been nice to have the final 3 hour installment `` The Peacekeeper Wars '' ( which somewhat neatly ties up and concludes the series ) included in the box , but rights issues prevented that from happening . You can certainly buy it separately on Amazon ( and you REALLY must do so in order to see the conclusion of the show ) and keep it next to this on your shelf . Speaking of which , the amount of shelf space saved with this package compared to the original 2 disc ADV volumes is incredible . Even if you own every ADV release like I do , this set is more than worth getting . The video and audio are markedly improved ( even though it is never mentioned that the episodes are remastered , one look and you will be able to tell in an instant ) ; and it truly does make a HUGE difference compared with the original ADV releases . The aforementioned amount of shelf space saved is indeed a plus .
Overall , 5 stars for the quality of the show , and this incredible new release with remastered video and audio . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
Along with fir trees wrapped in strings of red and candy canes stuffed in long red stockings , toy trains are timeless images associated with Christmas .
Earlier this year , a store specializing in those opened in the city . It 's Penn Train & Hobby at 12-14 N. Centre St. , Pottsville , in the former Klingaman 's Office Supply Store .
“ You can stop in if you need something for Christmas ideas , ” Cathy Klingaman , Hometown , one of the managers , said .
She and her husband , the other store manager , Charles L. “ Chuck ” Klingaman , own and run the business .
“ We have Lionel . We have O-gauge , HO-scale and N-gauge , ” Cathy said as she walked the aisles .
Meanwhile , Chuck was in one of the store 's display windows switching on the HO-scale train display there .
Since 1992 , the business was Klingaman 's Office Supply Store . Toy trains have always been in stock at Klingaman 's , but at Penn Train & Hobby , they 're the main attraction .
The store also sells remote-controlled vehicles , model rockets , model cars and greeting cards .
History
Chuck said growing up , his family had a train set .
“ It was an American Flyer , ” he said .
His father , the late William K. Klingaman Sr. , founded Klingaman 's Office Supply in Tamaqua in 1950 . It used to be on the 100 block of West Broad Street .
“ I think the very first location was on Broad Street where the school district has their building now , ” he said , referring to the building at 138 W. Broad St. , Tamaqua .
In 1972 , the sons of William K. Klingaman Sr. — William K. Klingaman Jr. , Chuck and Wayne W. Klingaman , all of Tamaqua — took over the business .
In 1979 , Klingaman 's Inc. bought the property at 124 E. Broad St. , Tamaqua . And in 1981 , Klingaman 's Inc. bought the property next door at 128 E. Broad St. , according to the online Schuylkill Parcel Locator .
Klingaman 's still owns those properties today .
On Sept. 5 , 1991 , Klingaman 's Inc. bought the three-story building at 12-14 N. Centre St. , Pottsville , from Steven D. and Marjorie H. Cotler for $ 65,000 . Klingaman 's opened Klingaman 's Office Supply Store in 1992 .
“ It 's looking pretty neat . It looks like a castle , ” Cathy said .
These days , the upper floors are used for storage .
Chuck said he was the manager of Klingaman 's store in Pottsville .
In July 2009 , his brother , William K. Klingaman Jr. , died .
In 2015 , W.B . Mason Co. Inc. took over Klingaman 's business . Wayne W. Klingaman became a salesman for W.B . Mason at the Klingaman 's location in Tamaqua .
“ W.B . Mason leases the building from us in Tamaqua , ” Chuck said .
Earlier this year , Chuck and his wife , Cathy , formed Penn Train and Hobby LLC . On July 12 , Penn Train and Hobby LLC bought the Pottsville location from Klingaman 's Inc. for $ 32,500 , according to the deed .
Toys
Chuck , 69 , considered retiring last year .
“ I 'm semi-retired , ” he said .
“ But he can come here and play with the trains , ” his wife said .
All merchandise related to toy trains from the Klingaman 's store in Tamaqua was moved into the store in Pottsville , Chuck said .
“ And it was a good idea . Klingaman 's had a reputation of selling trains , and we had the stock here , ” his wife said .
“ We 've always had train stuff but not to this extent . We expanded , maybe four times or five times more than it was , ” Chuck said .
In stock are also train sets based on popular characters like “ Harry Potter ” and “ Thomas the Tank Engine. ” There are also shelves filled with small-scale plastic buildings , vehicles and people hobbyists can use to build up the scenery bordering the tracks of their toy trains .
If someone is new to toy trains sets , Chuck has advice : “ If they had a lot of room , then they can go into O-gauge . If they did n't have a lot of room , but they wanted a lot of materials , sets and so on , I 'd go into HO . And if I had a minimum amount of room , I would go to N-gauge . ”
“ Or you can buy a set . In a set you get the transformer and the track . Otherwise you have to buy piecemeal and it 's going to cost more , ” his wife said .
The store also has a collection of toy model car kits , including products to tickle fans of nostalgia .
They include vehicles made popular by the TV shows “ Starsky & Hutch ” and “ Miami Vice ” and movies including “ Ghostbusters ( 1984 ) ” and the “ Star Wars ” series .
“ There 's very few people that sell plastic model kits these days . A lot of them went out of business , ” he said .
In stock this week were model kits made by AMT , MPC and Revell .
“ Revell is probably the most famous one , ” he said .
The store is usually open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays . But people interested in visiting the store should call the store at 570-628-5927 to check if the hours that week have changed .
For smartphone users , the outside world fades away as they tap and swipe . A new study in the journal Pediatrics shows that when are on their mobile devices , their kids also fade into the background .
Boston Medical Center researchers went undercover spy-style at fast food restaurants observing parent-child interactions while parents were on their smartphones or mobile tablets .
Of the 55 families observed , 40 of them were engrossed in their mobile devices , according to the study . Close to a third of parents used their devices during the entire meal . Close to three quarters used their device at least once during the meal .
Some of the children in the study sat and ate silently , but the majority of kids were restless or acted up to pull their parents away from the mobile device . Some kids sang songs like “ Jingle bells , Batman smells. ” One child tried to lift his mother 's head up from the device , only to have his hands shoved away .
The essence of the study is that when on a smartphone or tablet , parents are ignoring their kids and having negative interactions with them .
So what should parents do ? Give up mobile devices ? Of course not , we do n't go back . The technology is useful , entertaining , alluring , and addictive .
At any given moment it might seem like a juicy tweet , a work email , or a is more interesting at mealtime than hearing about homework complaints or a new Dora the Explorer episode from your kids . However , when you piece it all together , a life spent with a smartphone is going to be a lot emptier than a life spent bonding with children .
As a parent and former psychotherapist , I try to work around technology issues like this by designating certain times as undivided attention times . During meals if you feel like you must check the smartphone , let your kids know that you 're going to be doing this before and after the meal . Then put the device down .
Children grow up fast . When they do , parents will have more time to spend with their technological devices . If the bond parents formed with their children is weak and interrupted because of technology , they are going to be seeing a lot more of their smartphones as the connection with their kids will fade into the background .
By Peter Bowes
BBC News , Palmdale , California
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement The US space agency Nasa has unveiled a powerful new tool in its quest to unravel the mysteries of the Universe . The Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy is a modified Boeing 747-SP aircraft known as Sofia . Developed in partnership with the German Aerospace Centre , DLR , the 'plane is the only flying astronomical observatory in the world . It carries a 2.7m telescope , and offers astronomers a unique opportunity to explore the cosmos . It can identify objects that emit radiation at infrared wavelengths , which are not visible to the human eye . Window on the Universe For years , astronomers have been looking forward to the day when they could carry out their work beyond the obscuring water vapour of the Earth 's atmosphere . Airborne astronomy started in the 1960s when the planetary scientist Dr Gerard Kuiper pointed a 30cm telescope out of the window of a plane .
This is one of the airborne machines that truly defies the imagination
John Carter
Sofia aircraft project manager
Between 1974 and 1995 , Nasa operated a telescope from a military cargo plane . But Sofia is a major step forward . The aircraft flies at up to 45,000 feet ( 13,716m ) . The high altitude means it is above 99 % of the water vapour that absorbs most infrared radiation from space . In effect , it opens a window to the Universe that was previously obliterated from view , and allows observations to be made that are impossible with Earth-bound telescopes . Sofia is based at Nasa 's Dryden Aircraft Operations Facility on the outskirts of California 's high desert . `` People have been working on this project for well over a decade , '' says Bob Meyer , Sofia programme manager . `` There are some folks here that have dedicated half of their careers to getting Sofia flying , and we are on the cusp now of the first science flights . It really is exciting . '' Open view The 40,000-pound ( 18,181kg ) telescope assembly is housed behind a huge cavity door in the side of the jetliner . `` It is open to the atmosphere , '' explains Mr Meyer . `` There is nothing obscuring the view of the telescope itself ; and on the cabin side of the bulkhead , the scientists can ride along in a shirt sleeve or airline type environment and make the astronomical measurements with science instruments that are installed on the telescope . '' Nasa is completing the test flight stage of the project . The first science flights are due to take place next winter . Sofia 's telescope will investigate how stars and planetary systems form The goal is eventually to fly 100-150 nights a year , for the next two decades . Each flight will have 15-20 people on board , and will cost $ 100,000- $ 150,000 ( £65,000-£97,000 ) . Flights will last about nine hours . Sofia will explore the Universe in minute detail . It will investigate molecular clouds to find out how stars and planetary systems form . Evidence will be sought that can help astronomers understand the origin of life by studying complex biogenic molecules . Scientists hope to learn how galaxies evolve with time by studying the dust and gas within them . Sofia will also make measurements associated with comets and their characteristic tails . There is a long-held theory that comets , colliding with Earth millions of years ago , may have brought water and other raw materials that made life on our planet possible . `` I find this particularly fascinating , '' says Mr Meyer . `` Comets glow as they get nearer to the Sun , and most of the other infrared observatories that are in orbit are n't able to turn and look at comets when they 're that close to the Sun . `` Sofia will be able to do that . So we 'll actually be able to measure and look at the tails of comets and actually measure the chemical constituents . '' Californian dreaming John Carter , Sofia aircraft project manager says : `` This is a once in a lifetime project . `` It 's an incredible engineering feat . This is one of the airborne machines that truly defies the imagination . '' Sofia will operate , primarily , from Southern California . But the aircraft will fly from other locations around the world as required by the scientists and in response to astronomical events . `` It 's hard to know exactly what Sofia is going to contribute to the science of the formation of the Universe and our own Solar System , '' says Mr Meyer . `` But I am sure it will make significant findings that will really contribute to the overall knowledge and understanding of how we got here and where we 're going . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to Draw with Chocolate
I love to draw .
I also love Chocolate .
A LOT !
So the other day I decided to combine the two . “ Chocolate and drawing ? This should be interesting ” , I thought . 🙂
Let 's draw !
What you need : Melted Chocolate , squeeze bottle ( or ziplock bag ) , cookie sheet and wax paper
Place melted Chocolate in a squeeze bottle like I have here . You can also use a ziplock bag and cut the tip off one corner . The ziplock bag is probably better since you do n't have to clean it afterwards .
Shake the Chocolate to the tip and draw !
Let the creative juices flow . The possibilities are endless ! It 's SOOOO much fun too ! Once finished , place in the refrigerator for 10 minutes to set . Remove from the wax paper…
and enjoy your Chocolate drawings… a la mode ! 🙂
This was incredibly good , by the way . My husband and daughter absolutely loved it ! And , heaven forbid , you have any Chocolate drawings remaining , you can carefully stack them and put them in a ziplock bag and store in the refrigerator for a few days . If they last that long ! HA ! 🙂
As always , ENJOY !
Wonder Woman has been dropped as the United Nations ' `` honorary ambassador '' for the empowerment of women and girls barely a month after she was announced .
Tomorrow : Wonder Woman relinquishes role as U.N. honorary ambassador — AP Planner ( @ AP_Planner ) December 15 , 2016
A petition drive called for her removal on the grounds that she 's not `` culturally encompassing '' and that she 's too `` overtly sexualized . '' Further , the petition argued that a real , non-fictional woman should be heeding this role , not a comic book character . Nearly 45,000 people signed this petition .
The United Nations denies that the petition has any role in Wonder Woman 's abrupt retirement , but acknowledges that there was controversy over her selection .
“ Some people voiced a concern that they did n't feel it was appropriate for a fictional character to be representing women and girls , ” Mr. Brez said on Tuesday . In response to those complaints , he said , the organization had tried to emphasize “ the real-life wonder women , real-life women and girls ” who would be affected by the campaign , which was meant to promote gender equity worldwide as part of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals .
Wonder Woman will step down from her ambassadorship on Friday .
LITTLE ROCK , AR - Little Rock Police put three men behind bars following a home invasion at gunpoint where two children were present .
According to a victim 's statement he did n't know any of the men who barged into his home on Sunday night armed with a rifle .
Devin Bone and Johnathon Epperson were arrested during a traffic stop near the home .
Bradford Henderson turned himself in to police later that night after running from the vehicle . They 're all facing multiple counts of aggravated robbery and theft .
Officers say an AK-47 and revolver were found in the vehicle . And according to police reports the suspects used the rifle to get inside the Reck Road home after knocking on the door .
Victims say the robbers took two flat screen TV 's , a game console and one victim 's shoes . A witness outside the home ran to the neighbor 's house to report the robbery .
`` Based on victim statements the suspects were unknown to him . That 's one of those things that everybody gets tense and worried about it and we can say we captured all three suspects involved , '' says Lt. Sidney Allen .
Henderson and Epperson have bonded out of jail . Bone is being held for parole and was also arrested for firearm possession , failure to appear and a misdemeanor warrant .
Despite the presence of the guns police say no one was hurt in the incident and the property was returned to the home .
Police do n't believe these suspects are connected to any other home invasions .
SPRINGFIELD — A Hampden Superior Court judge 's ruling has thrown out all the evidence in a drug and gun arrest of Holyoke resident Juan Pacheco by Massachusetts State Police .
Judge Edward J. McDonough Jr. wrote in the case of Pacheco , `` because the officers ' discovery of the drugs , loaded firearm , cash and other contraband in the vehicle occurred during a search that resulted from the pretextual stop and the unlawful interrogation and seizure of defendant , this evidence must be suppressed . ''
The evidence included a .45 caliber gun and ammunition , 368 bags of suspected heroin , and approximately 102 grams of cocaine .
There will be a status conference on the case against Pacheco , 29 , of Holyoke , who is represented by Nikolas Andreopoulos , on Dec. 17 .
At that time , the prosecution will report whether it will appeal McDonough 's decision or not . If there is no appeal , the case will be dismissed .
Judge C. Jeffrey Kinder on Thursday allowed Pacheco 's request to have the $ 5,000 cash bail he had posted returned , and he is now released on his own recognizance .
The charges against Pacheco are trafficking cocaine , possession of oxycodone with intent to distribute , possession of heroin with intent to distribute , possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , violation of a drug free school zone , carrying a firearm without a license , carrying a loaded firearm , having a firearm during a felony and having an electric stun gun .
Pacheco 's address as listed in court records is 23 Hamilton St. in Holyoke .
At the time of Pacheco 's arrest on Feb. 21 , State Police sent out a press release about it including a photo of the evidence seized .
McDonough made the ruling Wednesday after previously hearing evidence on the motion to suppress . In the 20-page ruling , McDonough reviewed evidence from the hearing . The following material is from the judge 's ruling :
State Trooper Felipe Martinez pulled over a white GMC Yukon SUV for traffic violations – unlit license plate lights and excessively tinted windows .
Martinez had been on patrol in an unmarked cruiser on Hamilton Street in Holyoke as part of the Community Action Team working with Holyoke police to `` saturate high crime areas . ''
Martinez said the license plate was a `` Choose Life '' special series plate , and that caught his attention `` because he had learned that drivers engaged in criminal activity would use special series plates to project ' a veil of innocence . ' ``
After running the plate he learned the Yukon belonged to Pacheco , who he knew .
When he pulled the vehicle over a crowd was gathering , and Martinez radioed for backup .
When Martinez went to the front of the Yukon , he noticed a strong odor of air freshener and saw a number of air fresheners throughout the car .
That heightened his suspicion `` because it was his experience that drug dealers use the air fresheners in order to mask the smell of illegal drugs from officers and police dogs performing a sniff search . ''
Martinez had called Holyoke officer Martin Welch on his cell phone because he had worked with Welch , a canine officer .
A test of the windows by Martinez with a light meter showed a reading of 15 % – below the 35 % mandated by law .
Martinez said he asked if there were any drugs or guns in the car , and Pacheco said , `` No , never , you can check . ''
Martinez said he wanted to check the vehicle , and had Pacheco get out of the car .
Welch walked his dog , Ryker , around the Yukon , and the dog alerted at a gap at the driver side door .
Based on the results of the drug sniff , officers searched the car for drugs . There they located the drugs , gun and stun gun . Once the gun was found , Pacheco was placed in handcuffs and arrested .
The defense 's private investigator , Louis Gordon , inspected the Yukon six days after it was impounded and found the rear license plate lights to be working , which he photographed . He removed the bulbs and the filaments were intact . He saw the bulbs were not new as they had a blackish color .
Gordon testified he was a forensic investigator and did n't have scientific or automotive credentials .
`` Nevertheless , at a minimum , Gordon 's credible testimony that both plate lights were working perfectly well just days after the stop detracts considerably from the reliability of Trooper Martinez 's testimony on the evening of February 21st . I am not convinced by a preponderance of the evidence that the license plate lights were not working or that Martinez 's belief to that effect was reasonably based , '' McDonough wrote .
McDonough wrote he also remained `` unconvinced that Martinez was able to fairly determine that defendant was operating a vehicle with excessively dark tinted windows . ''
The judge said even though the suspicion was confirmed , he questioned Martinez 's ability to perceive excessive tint on a dark night while in a moving vehicle .
Judge 's decision in Juan Pacheco case
UPDATE – June 19 , 2014 : * * * ( Spoke with a co-worker of mine yesterday , and immediately thought of this old post… ) * * *
Had a conversation recently with a dear friend of mine about the existence of God .
To make it simple : I believe , he does n't .
We 've had several ( okay , more than several ) conversations about God , religion , creation , etc. , over the years , and we 've thus far continued to agree to disagree . These conversations are always couched with respect , in part because we 're good friends . As an interesting side note , you should also know that we 're relatively in-sync with many of our ‘ big ' beliefs , …save this one .
So when I saw the video ( at the bottom of this post ) a couple years back , I shared it with him . He says he tried its suggestion for 2 days , did n't “ feel ” anything , and gave up . And that 's that , …so far .
Now before you get the idea that I 'm trying to actively Evangelize my buddy , well , …sorta , I guess . As I see it , I 'm merely questioning his beliefs and allowing him to question mine . Heck , I do this with ANY topic where we disagree . Discussion makes you sharper , and I can certainly use all the help there that I can get .
Plus , I know I 'm right .
And do n't we OWE it to ourselves ( AND to our friends , AND to God ) to have the discussion ? I certainly think so . What 's more , you may be surprised by just how many others feel the same way , …and why :
“ ….Penn Gillette , an avowed atheist , said much the same thing about a man who gave him a Bible after one of Penn & Teller 's performances :
“ I 've always said that I do n't respect people who do n't proselytize . I do n't respect that at all . If you believe that there is a heaven and hell and that people could be going to hell or not getting eternal life or whatever , and you think that , well , it 's not really worth telling them this because it would make it socially awkward…
How much do you have to hate somebody to not proselytize ? How much do you have to hate somebody to believe that everlasting life is possible and not tell them that ?
I mean , if I believed beyond a shadow of a doubt that a truck was coming at you and you did n't believe it , but that truck was bearing down on you , there 's a certain point where I tackle you .
And this is more important than that. ” … ”
My ultimate point is , as a reminder to me and for everyone else , too : relax . Chill out when someone asks you a question about one of your deeply held beliefs . It could be religious , or political , or governmental , but whatever it is , ….do n't be defensive .
Relax…. , and talk about it . I 'll betcha ' everyone will learn something .
Some folks do like to insult , chide , and snipe in an effort to tear down your belief on subject “ X ” . I like to refer to such people as ‘ creeps ' .
But if it 's a friend , that 's probably not the case . And if it 's me , or someone like me , then they believe with all their heart that they 're right , and they do n't want to see you “ run over by a truck ” .
Enjoy the video . And if you are n't a follower , wadda ' ya ' have to lose ? C'mon , give it a shot .
Do n't make me tackle you .
1 .
The cakes are just sweet enough , and have a light , fluffy crumb - the perfect vehicle for rich chocolate buttercream .
A dd just a spoonful of 80 proof or above .
Notes for flaming strawberries :
Any alcohol below 80 proof will not ignite well . I used 80 proof which makes a small blue flame . Note : some have had trouble getting 80 proof to ignite - lots of people are recommending Bacardi 151 as a fail-safe .
You can add a little sugar to the inside of the strawberry to sweeten things up . However , the flame seems to last longer without the addition of sugar .
Make sure to use a liquor that you like . Vodka is a good choice if you want very little flavor .
Alcohol evaporates , so light the strawberry soon after you spoon the liquor in .
Room temperature alcohol ignites better than refrigerated .
Do I have to say it ? Probably not , but my conscience will not let me go without . Do not attempt to eat a flaming strawberry . It has a relatively short burn time , lasting about 30 seconds to 1 minute . So , enjoy but be careful . Use your noodle .
Chocolate Cupcakes with Flaming Strawberries
link Chocolate Cupcakes with Flaming Strawberries By Heather Baird Friday , January 14 , 2011 Friday , January 14 , 2011 Chocolate Cupcakes with Flaming Strawberries Recipe ByPublished :
Call me easily amused , but these little torch-topped cupcakes delight me . Besides being a cute novelty item for a party , I think they would add a little drama to the end of a romantic meal . I 've been looking for something different to serve for Valentine 's dessert , and this isdifferent . The strawberries are hollowed out and filled with a bit of liquor , then ignited with a match.For the cake portion , I chose a One Bowl Chocolate Cupcake recipe becauseit 's quickit is easy , andit fits my prerequisite for a light ending on date night.I should say , a light ending provided you do n't eat too many . Which is really , easy to do . Shaina made a margarita version of this on Babble Food . You can find the link HERE , along with some additional tips on getting the alcohol to ignite.Yield : About 20 cupcakes3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder1 1/2 cups all purpose flour1 1/2 cups sugar1 1/2 tsp baking soda3/4 tsp baking powder3/4 tsp salt2 eggs3/4 cup hot water3/4 cup heavy cream3 tbsp canola or other vegetable oil2 tsp vanilla extractPreheat oven to 350 degrees.Line muffin tin with cupcake papers and set aside.Sift together cocoa , flour , sugar , baking soda , baking powder and salt into a large bowl . Add eggs , water , heavy cream , oil and vanilla . Mix with a hand held mixer until smooth.Divide batter among muffin cups , filling each half full . Bake for 20 minutes . Let cool before frosting.2 sticks softened butter4 cups confectioners ' sugar4 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder , siftedIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment , cream together sugar , cocoa and butter ; beginning on low speed then increase to high . Beat until fluffy and lightened in color . Transfer mixture to a piping bag fitted with a decorative tip . Frost cupcakes.18-24 Strawberries - you 'll need as many as you have cupcakesVodka , rum , or your choice of liquor 80 proof or higher ( use Bacardi 151 for fail-proof results ) .Hollow the strawberries carefully . If you pierce the side of the strawberry accidentally , start with a new one . Since you 'll be setting the liquor aflame , it is important that the strawberry isSet one strawberry atop each frosted cupcake . Fill strawberries with liquor just before lighting ( see tips ) . If you need to light them all at once , ( say , for a party ) use a turkey baster to quickly fill all the strawberries and a grill lighter in lieu of matches .
American billionaire Warren Buffett pledged years ago to donate almost all of his vast wealth to charity .
And one project that could benefit : the fight against concentrated poverty .
“ The American dream has been very real for millions and millions of people over the years , ” Buffett said . “ But there 's been an American nightmare that has accompanied that . ”
Buffett said he thinks the Earned Income Tax Credit is one of the best ways to level the playing field for lower-income families . And Buffett , the nation 's second-richest man , said he hopes income inequality will be an issue in the race for president .
He points out that since the first Forbes 400 list was put out in the 1980 's , the aggregate wealth of the people on it , like himself , has increased by 2,300 percent .
At the same time , the income of the bottom quintile of Americans has increased by less than one percent .
“ Clearly , there 's something out of whack , ” Buffett told NewsHour . “ I would like to hear any candidate say they felt about that and what they intended to do about it . It 's got to be a big issue . ”
Chasing the Dream : Poverty and Opportunity in America is a multi-platform public media initiative that provid​es a deeper understanding of the impact of poverty on American society . Major funding for this initiative is provided by The JPB Foundation . Additional funding is provided by Ford Foundation and the Annie E. Casey Foundation.​
Creed frontman Scott Stapp , whose Grammy-winning band once led the Billboard album charts and played to sold out crowds in the late 90s , posted a Facebook video on Wednesday revealing shocking details about his current living situation .
“ Right now I 'm living in a Holiday Inn , by the grace of God , because there 's been a couple of weeks I had to live in my truck , ” he said in the new video . “ I had no money , not even for gas or food . I went two days without eating because I had no money and ended up in an emergency room . ”
The former rock star said that a personal audit revealed that money had been stolen and royalty payments had not come through .
“ When someone can have all their money taken out of their bank account and no one 's held responsible , when someone can get targeted by the IRS because of a clerical error , when someone can get completely slandered and lies made up about them and post it all over the Internet and there are no consequences for those people , there 's a problem . There 's definitely a problem . This is not the country that I grew up believing in . This is not the America that I want for my children and their future . ”
Stapp also denied taking drugs or alcohol in the video , saying “ I 'm sober as can be . Once the rumors started coming out I began getting blood and urine tests once a week just in case someone called me to the carpet on it , I can prove it . ”
Creed , who have sold over 28 million albums worldwide , are currently on hiatus after a brief reunion tour in 2012 .
Watch the video below :
A Knox County woman faces several charges after being arrested Wednesday at Walmart in Laurel County .
Heather McQueen , 31 , of Gray is charged with theft , third-degree criminal trespassing , public intoxication , possession of a controlled substance and possession of prescription controlled substances not in proper container .
Laurel Sheriff 's Deputy Kevin Berry arrested McQueen at approximately 2:24 p.m. after she was detained by Walmart 's loss prevention team , according to a news release . Loss prevention said McQueen was seen concealing “ multiple items while in the self checkout lane . ”
Berry conducted an investigation and noticed McQueen appeared to be under the influence . Pills were found that she did not have a prescription for , the release said . Berry also learned that McQueen signed a trespass notice Dec. 26 , 2012 , agreeing to not return to the premises .
McQueen was being held in the Laurel County jail .
This 1953 Muntz Jet is in very rough shape with rot throughout much of the body and floors , and is also sold without a title–note “ flood , water damage ” in eBay 's info box . There is n't much to the ad 's description , but the car is believed to be largely complete with boxes of trim parts stored inside and an unidentified V8 underhood–originally it would have been fitted with a Cadillac or Lincoln unit . It 's a big project , but the car does deserve restoration , being one of around only 400 built . Find it here on eBay in Post Falls , Idaho for $ 10,500 OBO .
Rot is most prominent at the car 's lower corners , each fender having rusted through , and more is present on the rockers and hood . Left over body filler and several shades of primer hint at attempted prior repairs , and it appears that the left rear fender may also wear a crease from collision . Fortunately it looks like most exterior hardware is present including the bumpers , windshield and top frames , as well as two sets of fender skirts .
Some surface corrosion is visible inside , but the more aggressive floor rust is hard to spot , mostly thanks to all the clutter . Gauges are displayed in a box along with their cluster , but most other parts seem to be scattered about rather randomly . Seats have obviously been removed to accommodate bumpers , radiator , fuel tank , etc. , but there 's no word on whether they 're included .
Jets ' motivation varied between Cadillac and Lincoln V8 's , and the ad is unclear about which we 're looking at here . Regardless , the motor is obviously missing a few important things , and there 's no word on whether it still turns or if it 's original to this car .
Restoration will be certainly a big job , but Jet values are strong according to Hagerty , with # 4 examples trading for ~ $ 56k , and pristine # 1 cars worth more than 100 grand more . This one is a long way off from there , but there still could be a big upside at this buy-in .
This summer I spent many hours playing Minecraft , but I was n't building my own creations , nor was I fighting off monsters in dungeons . I was babysitting . You see , a friend 's daughter was spending the summer at her mother 's house , a place she did not want to be . Her father added her onto his Minecraft server so that she would have something to do during her Summer stay . I immediately saw the value of spending quality time with the child , something I had n't been able to do for years since I live across the country from them . What resulted was a very interesting couple of weeks filled with adventure , learning , and growth for both Sarah * and me .
Unlike other games , Minecraft uniquely allows a child to connect with an experience that they know well – playing with blocks – and combines it with an open virtual environment where the rules are what you make of them . The result is a very powerful teaching tool for those that take advantage of it . Knowing that children crave company and learning , I did what I could to spend time with my young friend , and together we played the day away building villages , hunting monsters and adventuring across a virtual landscape . After this playtime with her ended , I was able to sit and think about all we learned playing Minecraft together , and how that relates to larger life lessons .
Respect
Respect is not one of those words that you can easily define to a ten-year-old . It 's a complex concept . When we normally tell a child to be respectful , we mean be polite , and usually equate such behavior with pleases and thank yous . In the world of Minecraft , playing on a multiplayer server , there are all sorts of ways in which to transform this abstract idea into concrete terms .
Respect in Minecraft terms comes into play whenever you interact with someone else 's structures or items . In a multiplayer world where you can not lock up your belongings , or even your house , there is a huge amount of trust involved when playing with another person . Children do not easily understand the concept of “ not mine. ” They quickly get the idea of “ mine , not yours , ” and will immediately jump on you for any action that threatens their belongings . But with an open system like Minecraft , the biggest tool you can have in teaching the idea of respect of someone else 's ownership is the use of the sign . Labeling a chest might seem like a simple idea , but it was this single tool that enabled me to quickly define boundaries between what was mine and what was hers . Sarah quickly picked up on this concept and from that point on labeled every chest , building , or area that she considered hers .
Sarah quickly learned the “ not mine ” concept , and also learned to start asking when she could enter someone else 's space . She had learned to respect the property of others , even though it was a virtual space made up only of pixels and time .
Fair Play
The idea of fair play is closely connected to the respect of the other , but mostly deals with how we interact with others . In Minecraft this usually manifests in barter agreements . If I take something from your chest , I put something back . If you spend your time helping me on my project , then I help you with yours the next time we play . Because the world of the child is so small , it tends to also be self-centered . I want to do what I enjoy , and only what I enjoy . Playing Minecraft with Sarah I was able to show her basic barter agreements , and how that improves our relationships with others . I always asked before I used her items , and always replaced them when I did . I always discussed my plans for a building project and asked for her help with tasks I knew she could accomplish . If she asked to have plants I had in my farming plot , I taught her how to replant and keep the cycle of growth going .
It was n't long before Sarah was splitting her time between helping me with my projects and working on her own . Sometimes this meant setting off to search for wolves to tame , other times this meant finishing a structure one of us had started . While she still wanted to do those things she enjoyed most , Sarah had also learned the value of helping others , and the joy you get from helping someone accomplish what they want to do .
Morality
Morality in Minecraft manifests in how you respond to the modding and/or manipulation of the physics of the world . Once Sarah had discovered the wonderful world of Minecraft Youtube videos , she plunged full bore into waving her magic op wand around , spawning mobs and items at will . This is something you ca n't do in real life , so it provides a unique opportunity to teach about the limits we should place on our own power . There is a huge difference between “ ca n't ” and “ should n't , ” but rather than belabor that point , I led by example . I never told her she should n't do something , I merely said – when discussing the subject of spawning for instance — that I found it more fun to do things on my own . I set up adventures , where we went out in search of creatures , mining digs where we hunted for rare gems beneath the earth , and building sites where we created home bases from our own hands .
I have always believed that when you cheat at a game where you make the rules you only cheat yourself . Solitaire is a great example of this , and I see Minecraft as an extension of this rule . It was n't long before Sarah was building things for herself despite her ability to spawn anything at will . She had learned “ should n't ” to the point where she was equating spawning with cheating by the end of our playtime together . She had learned that just because you can do something , it does n't mean you should – and I was amazingly proud of her for coming to that conclusion on her own .
What 's thrilling here is the real world application of lessons learned playing games like Minecraft . The world is just similar enough to our own to inform natural correlations . Yes , I can theoretically walk into someone 's home and take their things , but that 's disrespectful . It 's not that I should n't do it because I would get caught , it 's that I should n't do it because it violates the trust of the other . If I cheat on something as simple as a test , I am in fact cheating myself out of the learning experience required to pass the test on my own . If I help others with what they need instead of always expecting to do what I want , I will build relationships that will help make my life a more fulfilling one . In short , Minecraft can and does teach us to be better people . I watched it happen myself — saw respect flourish and moral judgments coalesce — and all because I decided to babysit in Minecraft .
Amanda Orneck , a guest poster here today at The Minecraft Sandbox , is Editor-and-Chief of Game Geex and writes on how Minecraft can make you a better person .
* Name has been changed
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Story highlights Australia named the world 's happiest industrialized nation , according to the OECD
Survey takes into account satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housing
Sweden took second place , while Canada was placed third
The United States came sixth in the survey , with the UK in 10th position
Australia has been revealed as the world 's happiest industrialized nation for the third year running , based on criteria including satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housing , a survey released Tuesday has found
The so-called `` lucky country '' beat Sweden and Canada to take the top spot in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development 's ( OECD ) Better Life Index .
The country which comes out on top can be found here , if all criteria are weighted evenly .
Australia has remained largely immune from the global financial crisis , with its economy growing on average 3.5 % over the last 20 years to 2012 , according to the CIA Factbook .
The economy of the natural resource-rich nation has been buoyed by strong demand from Asia and China , while its robust financial sector has helped combat the global downturn .
Such growth is in stark contrast to recessions which have gripped Europe and the U.S. since the financial crisis exploded in 2007 .
JUST WATCHED Zakaria : Can money buy happiness ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Zakaria : Can money buy happiness ? 01:10
JUST WATCHED The Happiest countries in the world Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The Happiest countries in the world 03:11
JUST WATCHED Get Real ! The happiest age in life is ... Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Get Real ! The happiest age in life is ... 01:55
Australia 's employment levels , at 73 % of those aged 15 to 64 , are above the OECD average of 66 % . Average household disposable income sits at $ 28,884 , more than the OECD average of $ 23,047 and despite Australians working an average 83 hours less a year .
Life expectancy , at 82 years , is two years higher than the OECD average of 80 years and satisfaction , at 84 % , is higher than the 80 % global average .
In its report , the OECD said Australians felt `` a strong sense of community and high levels of civic participation , '' with 94 % of people feeling like they knew someone to rely on should they need help .
Sweden came second in the survey , with the same life expectancy as Australia but a lower disposable income of $ 26,242 . Employment for those aged between 15 and 64 , sits at 74 % , and in general , Swedes are `` more satisfied with their lives than the OECD average , '' the survey found .
According to the report , 85 % of people said they had more positive experiences on an average day , such as pride and enjoyment , than negatives ones such as pain or boredom .
Canada was ranked third , with 72 % of those aged between 15 and 64 employed , and an average household disposable income of $ 28,194 .
The OECD found the country has a strong sense of community but `` only moderate levels '' of civic participation .
All three top countries all had a considerable gap between the rich and the poor , however , with the top 20 % of the population earning between four and six times as much as the bottom 20 % .
The other countries to make it into the top ten of the Better Life index were , in order : Norway , Switzerland , U.S. , Denmark , Netherlands , Iceland , and the United Kingdom .
Retail figures for the last three months of 2014 show sales growth of 4.22 % - the biggest quarterly gain recorded in the Irish retail sector since 2007 .
According to the Retail Excellence Ireland survey , most sectors recorded strong gains with the jewellery sector being the outstanding performer , recording a 15 % increase compared to the same three months in 2013 .
Some of this was put down to spending by both Asian tourists coming to Ireland to shop , and growth in demand for branded fashion goods .
Other strong areas of growth was in the fashion and footwear sectors , but the worst performing sectors were photo and pharmacy , which shrank by a further 35 % in the three month period .
The survey showed that menswear was the most productive area in fashion , with sales gains of 8.81 % .
Footwear increased by nearly 5 % after good weather in the previous three month period meant winter shoes were not selling very well .
`` While the quarter proved productive , it is important to note that much of the sales gains were at the cost of margin , with November and specifically Black Friday witnessing aggressive discounting activity , '' Retail Excellence Ireland 's deputy chief executive Seán Murphy said .
Thanks to Jack Stavrou for taking my photo ! It 's the best license photo I 've ever had !
Let me tell you a story .
Last week , I went to the DMV to get a new license , since mine was expiring soon . As usual , it was staffed entirely by sloths , so I never actually made it to the front of the line before closing time . It was annoying to say the least .
Went back a few days later . Same experience . Did n't get my license .
Finally went back yesterday , and surprise ! There were now some Koalas working there too ! It was a moment of pure bliss when I realized I would n't have to waste an entire afternoon standing in line .
Thank you so much to CosmicPudding and all those other genius ' who hired the koalas and helped me get my license ! I 've heard that you can also see them about getting Semi-official ZPD badges , and even train tickets ( which is nice after having to walk home from the DMV twice ) .
Check out the new and improved DMV here !
When Americans cast their ballots for the next president this November , they will not only select the next commander in chief and primary enforcer of the law , they will help select a new Supreme Court justice and countless other lower court judges .
Selecting judges is not an ancillary responsibility—it is a central and critical duty , with long-lasting effects .
Selecting judges is not an ancillary responsibility—it is a central and critical duty , with long-lasting effects . Indeed , half of the current Supreme Court justices were appointed more than 20 years ago . The next president 's choices will have a big impact on the judiciary . He or she will nominate at least one ( but possibly several ) Supreme Court justice and roughly one-third of federal district court and appeals court judges .
The judiciary is often an overlooked third branch of government . Yet the judges who populate its ranks wield tremendous power to decide cases that affect the daily lives of millions of Americans .
It was not always this way—the Founders believed that the judiciary would be the “ least dangerous ” branch . Over time , however , the judiciary has transformed itself into a policymaking body that wields wide-ranging power over virtually every aspect of life , such as Americans ' ability to own a gun , make campaign donations to political candidates , and own a home free from government interference , among many others .
Judges do not simply appear out of thin air . They are put on the federal bench by the presidents who nominate them and the senators who confirm them . The first step in curbing the judiciary 's excesses is for the president to nominate and the Senate to confirm individuals with a proper understanding of the limited role of the judiciary .
The judiciary has transformed itself into a policymaking body that wields wide-ranging power over virtually every aspect of life .
Thus , the president should nominate individuals whose records demonstrate that they will apply the Constitution and laws according to their original public meaning . Likewise , senators should rigorously question nominees about their judicial philosophy and examine their records , and then vote to confirm only those nominees who understand the proper role a judge should play in our society .
If the president and Senate are able to do so , the result will be a federal judiciary filled with good judges who are committed to faithfully applying the Constitution and laws and are not outcome-oriented .
When the president and Senate have failed to do so , we end up with bad judges—those who interject subjective policy preferences into the law , strain the text to achieve desired ends , and read new rights into the Constitution that are not grounded in the text . The stakes have never been higher , and it is essential that the next president appoint good judges .
To learn more about the proper role of judges in our government , the road to confirmation for those nominated to be judges , and close cases in which a single Supreme Court justice made the difference in cases of incredible significance , check out The Heritage Foundation 's new booklet “ Supreme Consequences : How a President 's Bad Judicial Appointments Threaten Your Liberty . ”
Aug 2 , 2017 Altcoins • News • 1
Russia 's President , Vladimir Putin , has signed a new law that puts a ban on all VPN services in the country as of November 1st , 2017 . The law could prevent Russians from accessing content that portrays Vladimir Putin in a negative light . This is particularly important , given Russia 's presidential elections are coming up in March of next year .
The Russian president also went on to sign another bill into law requiring chat applications to identify users through their phone numbers . Whether it 's Whatsapp or Viber , no application will be able to bypass this requirement if they wish to continue operating in the country . The law goes into effect starting January 1st , 2018 .
Possible Solutions using Blockchain & Digital Currencies
In the cryptocurrency world , we prefer to maintain our anonymity . With the above regulations in place , staying anonymous would be more difficult for Russians . Following blockchain projects and cryptocurrencies can potentially help Russians reclaim their online freedom .
1.Mysterium ( MYST ) – Currently building a VPN that ANYONE can use to connect securely and anonymously to the internet . Users who share their excess bandwidth to the network will be rewarded with MYST tokens . By using the secure Ethereum blockchain technology , you no longer have to share your private data with large VPN providers , which could be banned or event controlled by the government . Learn more about Mysterium by reading their whitepaper .
2.KoreCoin ( KORE ) – An Anonymous and an untraceable way to make phone calls . Having PRIVATE conversations and video calls is possible with this digital currency . KoreCoin provides peace of mind to users looking for confidentiality within their conversations . Likewise , KORE will also release an effective PoBA ( Proof of Burn ) feature powered by the blockchain network .
3.DigitalNote ( XDN ) – A decentralized privacy protected blockchain that allows sending instant , untraceable , and encrypted messages . The XDN network empowers individuals to control their own finances and information with no censorship and surveillance from government officials . Learn more about DigitalNote by reading their whitepaper .
For some countries , governments restricting valuable information from its citizens only benefits the ones in power . Being constantly online we are slowly losing our privacy . This may not be a problem for you right now like it is in China and Russia , but whose to say that your country is not next in passing legislation to take away your privileges ? We see this as a unique opportunity for blockchain start-ups to provide innovative solutions in the space while protecting your privacy and identity .
You may also like to read : Boxing Champion Mayweather Predicts Making A Fortune with Cryptocurrencies
Sharing is Caring
Disclaimer : CryptoCanucks.com is not intended to provide tax , legal or investment advice , and nothing on CryptoCanucks.com should be construed as an offer to sell , a solicitation of an offer to buy , or a recommendation for any asset by CryptoCanucks.com or any third party . You alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment , asset or strategy , or any other product or service , is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation . You should consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific legal or tax situation .
LOS ANGELES , CA - OCTOBER 05 : Thousands of immigration advocates gather for a National Day of Dignity and Respect march on October 5 , 2013 in Los Angeles , California . Thousands of people in more than 150 events nationwide demonstrated in favor of comprehensive immigration reform . ( Photo by John Moore/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON -- California Gov . Jerry Brown ( D ) signed a bill on Saturday limiting the state 's cooperation with federal immigration authorities , a rebuke of a major Obama administration enforcement policy that has led to record deportations from the state .
As the Congress stalls on immigration reform , action continues in the states , and advocates and politicians in California hope they can serve as an example of how to do it right .
“ While Washington waffles on immigration , California 's forging ahead , ” Brown said in a press release after signing the legislation into law . `` I 'm not waiting . ”
The new California law , known as the Trust Act , limits the state 's cooperation with Secure Communities , a federal program that allows the Department of Homeland Security to access fingerprints taken by local police , to screen detained individuals for immigration status and to request that law enforcement agencies hold them if they 're found to be undocumented .
Democratic Assemblymember Tom Ammiano , the top sponsor of the Trust Act , said before Brown 's signature that he hopes state actions like California 's will put more pressure on Congress , rather than drawing attention to the legislative fights there .
`` It makes it all the more important that California be on the lead on this , '' he said . `` If we get the governor 's signature , it will be really a benchmark . It will be one of the first states that has gone on record about this program . ... And hopefully , it will signal to D.C. that they need to start moving . ''
Advocates have been pushing for the Trust Act for years , and finally succeeded in getting the bill to limit Secure Communities past both houses in 2012 .
But Brown vetoed last year 's version of the legislation , calling the bill “ fatally flawed. ” Brown faulted the earlier version of the Trust Act for barring the state from detaining individuals on behalf of Immigration and Customs Enforcement even when they were charged with or convicted of significant crimes , including offenses involving child abuse , drug trafficking and gang activity . This year 's version of the Trust Act addressed those concerns by making the list of crimes classified as serious offenses more extensive .
Former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who recently because president of the University of California system , shifted on the Trust Act and urged Brown earlier this week to support it -- even though the Secure Communities expanded across the country under her watch .
California is n't the typical state on immigration . Nearly 20 years ago , it passed a ballot initiative to crack down on undocumented immigrants . The state became Democratic-leaning not long after , a shift in part attributed to anger from the growing Latino community about the harsh law . The state is now about 38 percent Latino , according to the most recent Census data , compared to the roughly 17 percent of the population made up by Latinos nationwide . California is also among the most immigrant-friendly states in the country . The legislature passed a bill last month to allow undocumented immigrants to obtain driver 's licenses , following steps taken by 10 other states .
Yet California is n't the only state or locality that has at least attempted to limit the scope of Secure Communities . Massachusetts , New York , Illinois and the District of Columbia either attempted to opt-out of the program or passed laws instructing law enforcement to ignore orders to hold individuals . But no area was exempted from the program -- Secure Communities is now implemented nationwide , in 3,181 jurisdictions .
ICE spokeswoman Gillian Christensen previously declined to comment on the California legislation while it was pending , but said the agency has made identifying and removing criminal offenders its `` highest priority '' and has implemented reforms toward that end . ICE did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Saturday .
Supporters of the Trust Act say Secure Communities makes immigrant communities fearful of police and less likely to report crime , in case in doing so they reveal their undocumented status and get into trouble .
`` This is more a law enforcement issue than an immigration issue , '' Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D-Calif. ) , who has criticized Secure Communities , recently told HuffPost in an interview . `` What this will do for law enforcement in California is that it will ensure that immigrants collaborate with law enforcement . ''
Maria del Carmen Sánchez , 45 , knows the fear of getting slapped with an ICE hold .
Police arrested her last year after a minor traffic accident . Sánchez , who speaks limited English , says she was driving her neighbor to jury duty . But based on statements from English-speaking witnesses , police suspected that a man had been driving the car instead . When her son tried to bail her out of jail , he found that ICE had requested local authorities to keep her detained because she is undocumented .
“ It was a really bad experience , ” Sánchez told HuffPost in Spanish . “ My kids suffered . I suffered . That was my fear , that they would separate me from my children . I kept thinking , ‘ What 's going to happen ? ' They need me . I need them . ”
The City of Torrance , in California , dropped the criminal charges against Sánchez in September . But she remains in deportation proceedings .
Secure Communities -- or S-Comm , as its opponents refer to it -- is n't designed to ensnare people without criminal records who get into fender benders . Despite reforms aimed at limiting holds for non-serious offenders , a report released Tuesday by Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University found that plenty of people were held even when it was against ICE policy to do so .
The program is also expensive when used on a broader basis , beyond serious criminals . Requests to detain are supposed to last 48 hours at most , but law enforcement officials sometimes keep people longer , according to reports . A report from Justice Strategies in August 2012 found that Los Angeles County was spending more than $ 26 million a year to hold undocumented immigrants who it would otherwise release if it were n't for ICE requests to hold them . Justice Strategies estimated that California taxpayers were spending $ 65 million each year to hold immigrants for ICE .
National groups opposed to comprehensive immigration reform , such as the Federation for American Immigration Reform , a national group against legalization for undocumented immigrants , urged supporters to contact California lawmakers and ask them to oppose the Trust Act . `` This bill would undermine public safety in my community and impede the federal government 's ability to enforce immigration law , '' the group 's suggested script read .
But advocates of the bill said it is a major step forward toward broader immigration reform in the U.S. , and applauded its passage .
Name : Jack Roosevelt Robinson
Nickname : Jackie
Induction year : 1991
Born ( date , year , place ) : January 31 , 1919 in Cairo , Georgia
Died ( date , year , place ) : October 24 , 1972 in Stamford , Connecticut
Primary Position : Second Base
Bats : Right
Throws : Right
Years Played : 1946 to 1956
Teams Played : Montreal Royals , Brooklyn Dodgers
Prior to breaking Major League Baseball 's colour barrier in 1947 , Jackie Robinson starred at second base for the Montreal Royals , a Brooklyn Dodgers farm team , in 1946 . It 's widely believed that Dodgers GM Branch Rickey stationed Robinson in Montreal to ease his young prospect into integrated baseball . Playing his home games in a city with a reputation for racial tolerance would provide Robinson with relative tranquility for half the schedule . On the field , Robinson excelled , leading the International League in batting average , walks and runs , and spurring the Royals to their first Junior World Series triumph .
When the Royals clinched the championship at Delorimier Stadium , the fans chanted Robinson 's name and hoisted him on their shoulders . Tears of jubilation spilled from the baseball pioneer 's eyes . He had endured a lot that season . Racism was palpable in International League cities like Syracuse and Baltimore , but the taunts had intensified in Louisville , the city Montreal opposed in the Junior World Series .
After the celebration appeared over , Robinson emerged from the clubhouse , only to have adoring fans chase him down the street , wanting to touch their hero one last time . The scene inspired Pittsburgh Courier correspondent , Sam Maltin , to write , “ It was the first time that a white mob chased a black man down the street , not out of hate , but because of love. ” Moved by the affection of Montrealers after the Junior World Series triumph , Robinson remarked , “ This is the city for me . This is paradise. ” These words have been immortalized on a statue of Robinson that still stands outside of Montreal 's Olympic Stadium . Jackie was elected to Cooperstown on January 23 , 1962 and Inducted on July 23 , 1962
Career Major League Statistics
G AB R H D T HR RBI TB BB SO SB OBP SLG AVG 1382 4877 947 1518 273 54 137 734 2310 740 291 197 .409 .474 .311
To view season by season MLB statistics click HERE .
LOS ANGELES — Retired San Diego Charger and NFL Pro Bowl linebacker Shawne Merriman , 29 , was rushed to a hospital Sunday night after overdosing on alcohol and drugs at a Hollywood club , sources told the Los Angeles Times .
Merriman overdosed on a combination of alcohol and an unspecified drug , unidentified sources with knowledge of the case told the Los Angeles Times . The sources said Merriman was expected to recover .
Merriman was taken from The Colony nightclub in the 1700 block of N. Cahuenga Boulevard to Cedars Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 p.m. , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the incident .
Merriman — nicknamed “ Lights Out ” in high school after he rendered four opposing players unconscious — announced his retirement from the NFL in March . He was drafted 12th overall by the Chargers in the 2005 NFL Draft and remained with the team until 2010 , when he was picked up by the Buffalo Bills .
He was honored as the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year in 2005 but the later part of his career was plagued with minimal play due to injuries .
Merriman announced his retirement from the National Football League in March on his website .
“ My retirement from the game I love so much and from the game that has brought me so many opportunities on and off the field has been decided with great thought for my future on and off of the field , ” Merriman wrote at the time ”
“ I retire today not because I do n't feel I can go out there and still play the game at a very high level , I am retiring because I want to retire on my own terms and leave while I know I can still physically play the game . I am stepping back to pursue other great opportunities that have been afforded me . ”
Read more at latimes.com .
Quick write-up this week due to my busy schedule and the short downtime between weeks .
If you want to see more , keep reading after the break . But please join the discussion at r/FantasyMLS , that 's where a lot of planning is made and last second decisions finalized . If you have questions , please stop by !
Goalkeepers :
We do n't see a point to have a non-DGW keeper this week . Even if they get scores on , it 's still possible to put up similar numbers to SGW keepers so play the doubles . That being said , we 'd stay away from Toronto . Our top pick is Bobby Shuttleworth ( 7.6 % @ $ 5.2m ) . New England still has one of the lowest totals of goals allowed on the road , and we think they have the easiest double game schedule this week .
Defenders :
Just like with Keepers , we think that DGW defenders are the way to go this week . You have at least 2 good options from New England and Colorado , and MAYBE one from Toronto . Out top 2 picks are Jose Goncalves ( 17.6 % @ $ 6.6m ) and Nathan Sturgis ( 5.5 % @ $ 4.7m ) . Goncalves is one of the defensive powerhouses this year and a good source of bonus points , Sturgis has become an excellent attacking option and could bring in some big points with goals and assists ( he 's also a nice differential ) .
Two more offensive minded defenders to check out are Chris Klute ( 14.0 % @ $ 5.3m ) and Chris Tierney ( 3.6 % @ $ 5.0m ) . Tierney has the better offensive returns because he takes corners for New England , but Klute has been getting a nice mix of offensive and defensive bonus points , and a few assists as well .
When it comes to Toronto , Steven Caldwell ( 0.6 % @ $ 4.9m ) would be your best bet ( and a true differential pick ) . He 's had some decent numbers recently and has been able to get some offensive returns . But we 're not thrilled by Toronto and you may want to look at one of the more conventional Big Players for your 5th man if you 're going to have 5 defenders this week .
Midfielders :
So you DGW midfielder options will depend on how heavy you decide to invest in defense ( which is our preferred spot ) . If you decide you want to leave an offensive spot open for a DGW player , you have two options . Lee Nguyen ( 4.2 @ $ 8.3m ) is your best options . He 's on a bit a form right now but does have some low overall numbers . Your Colorado option is Dillon Powers ( 8.4 % @ $ 6.1m ) . Power 's had a nice game last week , but all of those crosses and passes came against the struggling DC . These games might not yield attacking numbers like that .
If you 're not going to use DGW players , the typical big names guys will work here . The only problem you may have is who to sit in favor of a DG player ? Here 's our priority for who to keep : Javier Morales > Mike Magee > Le Toux > Patrice Bernier > Graham Zus > Amobi Okugo . Did that make sense ? If not , frop by r/FantasyMLS and ask !
Forwards :
And we 're at the end now . We 're actually not a big fan of many forwards this week . Federico Higuaín and Robbie Keane are two of the big names who have home games this week , so they always have a good chance for points . Thierry Henry is the best away options , but he 's been very hit or miss this season . If you are willing to take a risk on a DGW player here , you have three options Diego Fagundez ( 16.1 % @ $ 6.6m ) , Deshorm Brown ( 10.6 % @ $ 6.0m ) , and Atiba Harris ( 1.1 % @ $ 7.3m ) . All of these players are on similar levels of form . Brown might be the best option with 2 goals over the last 3 games , but they are all riskier options .
Final thoughts
• A good week for DGW defensive players
• SGW players look to have the offensive advantage
• It 'll be hard to Caparoo this week , if not impossible with good options
• A few Gold Cupl players may be coming back soon . So keep an eye out
These are our picks , if you think there should be more names on this list , please leave a comment or come to r/FantasyMLS and comment on the post . You can also leave a message on our Facebook page or you can find us on Twitter @ FantasyMLSTips . Keep checking back for more updates through the week for other positions . Good Luck !
Advertisements
An Air Canada plan landed in London without a wheel after the tyre snapped off mid air .
The incident happened shortly after take-off on the Montreal to Heathrow flight yesterday .
But the pilot only realised after being told by airport workers in Britain after landing safely , without any difficulties .
Damage to the Boeing 777-300 's suspension was also reported after landing at Heathrow .
The missing wheel was later found rooted in a fence just a few miles from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport in Montreal .
An Air Canada plane landed in London without a wheel after the tyre snapped off in mid air ( file photo )
A Heathrow worker , who wished to remain anonymous , told The Sun : ' I 've never seen anything like this in my life . There is no way the plane would have taken off in Canada without someone doing the final checks on it and they would have noticed if a wheel was missing .
'The proper checks could not have been carried out because these wheels are worth around £10,000 each and they do n't simply just fall off .
'None of the passengers knew what had happened and neither did the pilot , he was in shock when he landed and was told about the wheel .
'Heathrow and Air Canada will try and keep this to themselves but that is n't right , they should inform the public because this could have been fatal . '
The aircraft , which was due to be cleaned to provide a service back to Montreal at 1pm , was grounded and it is unlikely to be used for another three days .
A spokesman for Canada Air confirmed the incident and added that losing the wheel had 'no impact on the safe operation of the flight ' .
GameTrailers , GameFront and The Escapist Hit By Layoffs [ UPDATES ]
Original Story : Today , gaming journalism has been dealt yet another big blow . Defy Media has cut staff resulting in more than a dozen gaming journalists looking for work at the start of 2015 . And it came as a big surprise , too .
Defy Media is a digital media company that owns a variety of brands , including GameTrailers , GameFront , and The Escapist . As advertisement revenue has continued to dwindle , and gamers look to places like YouTube and Twitch for their news and discussion for gaming , these sites have had their bottom line impacted . So , management has made the decision to cut down staff to a much smaller size .
Among those let go were the following ( you can read their departure Tweets for some context ) :
Judging by tweets sent out by the crew , the cuts were sudden . Several team members have voiced their shock at the turn of events , resulting in them having to immediately look for new opportunity in a field that does n't make it easy . Others even pointed toward political tension being a motivating factor . GamerGate and the result of tension between gamers and journalists has been brought up by several staff , with one even vowing for revenge after stating that it was a much larger issue than it appeared .
The last major layoffs in the gaming industry came in late July when GameSpot let go of seven full-time staff , including veteran Ryan Mac Donald . With more competition than ever for increasingly fewer job opportunities , many have had to look elsewhere for careers . Take for example former GameSpot editor Greg Kasavin . At one point he was one of the most prolific game reviewers on the planet . Now , he 's a game developer at Supergiant Games , which have turned out the great hits Transistor and Bastion .
Also See : Massive Layoffs at GameSpot , Industry Shifts Toward Livestreaming and Video
We would like to thank these people for their work , and hope that they can find a new home .
Update : Bob Chipman from The Escapist has not been let go . We apologize greatly for the misinformation . We have removed him from the layoff list above .
Update # 2 : Josh Vanderwall has stepped in as the new Editor-In-Chief for The Escapist . You can read his post about being hired for the position here .
Groundbreaking ceremonies Thursday marked the start of a $ 45 million project that will bring 230 new apartments to downtown Mishawaka .
While it 's a big project , “ big ” is nothing new to the Indianapolis based developer at the helm . Flaherty and Collins properties is also building a 27 story apartment high rise in Indianapolis on land where the old Market Square Arena once stood .
The Mishawaka project will be on land just south of Beutter Park . “ Today we start the transformation of our downtown , ” said Mishawaka Mayor Dave Wood .
As of today , it can no longer be said that Uniroyal was the biggest thing to every happen in the area . “ 1993 is when the last building the last company who operated on this site paid taxes and operated , ” said Mayor Wood . “ They closed at that point in time , in about 1997 or so we acquired the site spent several million to clean it up . We have set unproductive ground , not generating any tax revenue , and we 've been maintaining it for many years now and today this property is productive again . ”
The long dry spell will be broken by The Mill at Iron Works Plaza—a four story apartment building so big , it 'll have its own 400 space parking garages .
The rents will range from $ 900 per month to $ 2,000 per month . Any skeptics who question who is going to live there were provided with an answer . “ It 's kind of two different groups , it 's the millennials , the young professionals and then that 'll be probably two thirds of who lives here , the other third or twenty some percent would be , we 're getting more empty nesters now , where , and I 'm an example of that , kids are gone , tired of taking care of the house , ” said David Flaherty , CEO of Flaherty and Collins properties .
The $ 45 million project will bring more than 230 new apartments to the Princess City . It 's the kind of anchor project that the mayor feels will put Mishawaka back on the map .
“ I think we will see hotels , I think we could potentially see grocery , we could potentially see new office space , ” said Mayor Wood . “ This is the start of Mishawka 's future today . ”
While construction will take 14 to 20 months , one tenant has already signed up for some first floor retail space . The “ Stacked Pickle ” is a restaurant/ bar owned by a former member of the Colts championship team .
Aston Villa have completed the signing of Barnsley defender James Bree on a four-and-a-half year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The full-back has become a regular in Barnsley 's first-team over the last two seasons , playing a big part in their run to promotion to the Sky Bet Championship .
Bree has gone on to feature 22 times in all competitions this season , moving past 50 games for the Oakwell club in the meantime .
He told Villa 's website : `` I 'm delighted to have joined Aston Villa . I 've been at Barnsley since I was young and it 's helped me develop . I will always be grateful .
`` I 'm joining a massive club and hopefully I can bring something to this team .
`` Steve Bruce was a big factor in my decision , when I met him I knew it was the right move for me .
`` The facilities are great and it 'll be nice to get going , get started and see what I can do this season for the team . ''
Tykes team-mate Conor Hourihane has also been linked with a move to Villa Park .
[ 2,789 views ]
Michigan post-hardcore act Fine Fine Titans stream their brand-new full-length .
Fine Fine Titans
Grand Rapids , Michigan-based post-hardcore bandare releasing a new full-length this month . The new record is titled , and it 's available digitally today , with physical formats set for release on November 27 through CI Records.If you 're not familiar with Fine Fine Titans , the three-piece female-fronted band was originally launched in 2010 by husband and wife , Evan and Jennifer Bartlett . In the interim , they 've drawn comparisons to The Bled and He Is Legend , and have opened for such acts as Blessthefall , Vanna , and Stray From The Path.Today , we 're happy to streamin its entirety below . Have a listen , and purchase a bundle here . Do n't forget to check out Fine Fine Titans on Facebook too .
Prehistory to 1780 : Ancient Hawaii to
Western Discovery
In this computer-made map of Oahu , the Nuuanu
landslide is seen . Debris , amounting to nearly a third
of the island , fell off the Windward side . The data
was compiled by J.R. Smith and Terri Duennebier
from underwater mapping done by the University
of Hawaii . The Pali and other sheer cliffs are not a
wall of the Koolau crater , but were produced by erosion .
Nuuanu landslide
tore Oahu apart It 's the biggest of at least 17 debris
slides off the island 's shore By John Sinton
Special to the Star-Bulletin
Ages after they were created by volcanoes , the Hawaiian Islands continue to be reshaped today from erosion by streams and ocean .
For most of this century , geologists thought erosion occurred over long periods , the result of waters cutting valleys and shaving shorelines .
But in the last few decades , we have learned that much more dramatic events have sheared away large chunks of the islands in relatively short times .
Sonar mapping around the islands reveal at least 17 offshore features caused by such events . Although relatively little detail is known , variations in internal structure suggest these features resulted from different types of landslides .
For example , deposits lying southeast of the Big Island and west of the Waianae Volcano appear to have been formed by relatively slow , intermittent slip along fault planes ; these are called slump deposits .
Others contain evidence of more catastrophic events : jumbled blocks in chaotic array deposited by relatively fast-moving debris avalanches .
The largest of these is the great Nuuanu Debris Avalanche , which swept material more than 140 miles north of Oahu and Molokai . For the last 85 miles of its journey , the avalanche traveled uphill by about 1000 feet , leaving jumbled blocks -- once part of Oahu -- scattered over more than 9000 square miles of seafloor .
Tuscaloosa Seamount , thelargest of these blocks , is a rock mass about 19 miles by 11 miles which rises more than a mile up from the surrounding seafloor . The event responsible for this debris deposit , including the seamount , removed a huge chunk of the old Koolau shield volcano in southeast Oahu .
Though its precise age is unknown , the Nuuanu Debris Avalanche did not occur until after the Koolau volcano became extinct about 1.5 million years ago .
But it also is clear that this event had split off much of Oahu before the Honolulu Volcanics -- which created Rabbit Island , the young lava flow at Makapuu Beach Park , Mokapu Peninsula on the windward side , in addition to the famous landmarks of Diamond Head , Punchbowl , and Hanauma Bay .
Those features began forming about a half-million years ago -- so the age of the Nuuanu `` event '' is 1 million years , plus or minus half-million .
Ever since the Nuuanu Debris Avalanche was recognized several decades ago , geologists have wondered about its relationship to the great Nuuanu Pali . Some speculate that the Pali is actually the fault scarp from which the landslide originated , but much evidence indicates otherwise .
For example , features like Olomana and Mokulua Islands are relatively undisturbed , indicating that the great slip plane lies further north . And recent mapping by University of Hawaii geologists has identified a large submarine cliff that probably represents Oahu 's main structural break .
Recent work has renewed interest in submarine landslides -- and raised more questions about the Nuuanu avalanche , which must have been the most catastrophic event to affect the Hawaiian Islands .
When a third of Oahu broke off and disappeared below sea level , did it happen all at once ? Was there a huge noise when the rock heaved and roared into the ocean ? Such a landslide almost surely generated a huge tsunami , though such an effect has yet to be evidenced .
Nevertheless , landslides can be the most destructive natural hazard in the Hawaiian Islands . The good news is that massive landslides are relatively infrequent : the 17 deposits identified offshore around the inhabited Hawaiian islands formed over 6 million years , or one every 350,000 years on average .
The Hilina slump along the Big Island 's southeast coast continues to form today , with the large Kamoamoa earthquake of 1975 being the last significant movement linked to its formation .
Massive landsliding is a recurring phenomenon in the history of Hawaii 's islands . And it has forever changed the way geologists view island evolution .
The numbers 3.5 inches : Distance Hawaiian tectonic plate moves west-northwest each year .
500,000 years : Average period a Hawaiian volcano is at its peak .
3,200 feet : Depth Loihi must climb before breaking the ocean 's surface , probably in 200,000 years .
100 years : Time during which geologists expect Haleakala and Hualalai to erupt .
For Immediate Release
ORLANDO — Today two-term Massachusetts governorWilliam Weld became the vice presidential nominee for the Libertarian Party at its nominating convention .
Earlier today , the delegates elected two-term New Mexico governorGary Johnson to be the party 's presidential nominee .
‘ This is the highest-profile ticket in the Libertarian Party 's history , ' said Nicholas Sarwark , Libertarian Party Chair . ‘ And it comes at a time when Americans yearn for a credible alternative to Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton . '
Weld won 441 votes on the second ballot , barely overthe required the majority of votes needed . Larry Sharpe , a trainer and coach for executives , came in second place with 409 votes .
The Libertarian , Democratic , and Republicanparties are the only politicalparties in the United States expected to be on the ballot in all fifty states this November .
Rubio wants stronger border security in immigration reform bill
The Florida Republican is working on a proposal that would give Congress , not the Obama administration , control over developing a plan .
`` The problem is people do not trust this administration and the federal government in general to do the law , '' Rubio said during a recent interview on Fox News . `` Maybe the solution is to actually have Congress write that plan for them . ''
As the legislation is now written , the Department of Homeland Security would be required to develop a plan to achieve effective control of 90 % of the border with Mexico before immigrants in the U.S. illegally would be allowed to gain permanent legal status . Rubio 's emerging alternative would shift the responsibility for creating that plan to Congress .
The Florida senator has long insisted that the bill 's border security provisions are not strong enough to win significant Republican support . He plans to introduce his proposal as the legislation moves to the Senate floor late this week or next .
WASHINGTON — Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , a key author of the bipartisan Senate immigration overhaul , is working on a proposal that would give Congress , not the Obama administration , the authority to devise a plan to bolster border security .
Democrats are likely to look skeptically on any major border security changes in the bill , a delicately negotiated compromise that strengthens immigration enforcement while providing a route to citizenship for the estimated 11 million immigrants who entered the country illegally or overstayed their visas . But Democrats are also expected to try to accommodate Rubio to retain his support .
The bill is the most ambitious proposal to revamp immigration law in a generation ; it would provide $ 4.5 billion for more drones , Border Patrol agents , fencing and other security measures on the southern border . Once a plan to control the border has been approved , immigrants could begin what for most would be a 10-year path to legal status . They would have to undergo background checks , pay fines and fees , and show they are financially stable . In 13 years , they could become citizens .
After clearing the Judiciary Committee , the bipartisan bill is headed to the full Senate . A similar measure has stalled in the House but is expected to be unveiled when lawmakers return to Washington this week .
Reopening the debate over border security is risky as any substantial changes to the bill could threaten the bipartisan agreement , which was crafted by four Democrats and four Republicans .
Additional border security amendments were approved in committee as Republicans pushed to toughen the measure . A key change was to expand the requirement for 90 % control of the southern border to all sections , rather than just those with the heaviest volume of immigrants crossing into the country illegally .
For the bill to pass the narrowly divided Senate , picking up GOP votes will be essential . No Republican beyond the four who helped write it has endorsed the measure .
Having Congress assume control of a complex border security overhaul would be a sizable undertaking , but one that speaks directly to complaints from Republican senators that the bill cedes too much authority to the executive branch . Those concerns have been an ongoing theme of tea party activists during President Obama 's administration .
At the same time , Rubio appears sensitive to Democratic objections that unrealistic border triggers would prevent immigrants from achieving legal status , and is trying to develop an acceptable approach .
Already , senators have tailored border security provisions to their liking . Sens . Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) and John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) reached a compromise that would limit drones to within several miles of the border in her state to prevent snooping on such populated areas as San Diego , while allowing a broader surveillance zone preferred by Cornyn in Texas .
Rubio has met with Border Patrol officials in recent weeks to discuss his proposal , and his staff spent the weeklong Memorial Day recess working on revisions , sometimes in consultation with other senators , aides to the senator said .
Ken Whisenhunt
Titans coach Ken Whisenhunt has no regrets about turning down the Lions last offseason .
( AP Photo )
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Detroit Lions wanted Ken Whisenhunt to be their next coach . They gassed up a plane to go get him in San Diego the day after his season ended . But that plane never took off . Whisenhunt instead chose to become coach of the Tennessee Titans . And that 's no sweat off the Lions ' back . They went 11-5 in their first season under Jim Caldwell , and if they can re-sign Ndamukong Suh , could be gearing up for another run at the playoffs . As for the Titans ? They went 2-14 last year , and seem a long way from turning that thing around . Whisenhunt is stuck in the middle of a total rebuild . He could have been at the helm of a playoff-bound franchise . But he says he has no regrets about turning away Detroit . `` It was n't difficult ( to see their success ) , '' Whisenhunt said last week at the NFL combine . `` I 'm a huge fan of Martin Mayhew and a lot of guys in that organization . There are a lot of guys on that staff . Coach Caldwell , I 'm a big fan of his , so I was excited for them and for their organization . '' It was something of a surprise when Whisenhunt rebuffed Detroit 's advances . His best years as a head coach have come with a franchise quarterback in place , while his worst have come when he had uncertainty at the position . The Lions have a franchise quarterback in Matthew Stafford . And the Titans , with Jake Locker and Charlie Whitehurst and Zach Mettenberger each starting at least five games last year , and none winning more than one game , do not . There were some who took Whisenhunt 's decision as an indictment of Stafford 's game , though he was complementary of the 26-year-old quarterback when asked about him at the combine . `` It 's hard for me to talk a lot about players that are on other teams , but from what I saw from him as an opponent -- as a guy through the league -- he 's a good football player , '' Whisenhunt said . `` He does a lot of good things . ''
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Kyle Meinke on Twitter
-- Like MLive 's Detroit Lions Facebook page
Celebrate Dutch Beer Week
A wide variety of flavors , both new age and traditional , make up the brewing community in the Netherlands . With more than 270 breweries spread throughout the country , this mix creates a distinctively unique beer community . From May 28th through June 7th , the world will celebrate this rich heritage during Dutch Beer Week , a time to learn about , enjoy , and share the unique flavors of the Netherlands .
Even if you 're not in the Netherlands , you can still share the love by unlocking this year 's “ Dutch Beer Week ( 2015 ) ” badge . Thanks to our friends at Bier & cO , this badge will be available to anyone in the world . To unlock it , simply check-in to at least three ( 3 ) different Dutch beers ( must be from a brewery in the Netherlands ) between May 28th and June 7th .
To learn more about Dutch Beer Week head over to http : //www.weekvanhetnederlandsebier.nl ( English translation here ) .
`` From doing homework to finding a job , high-speed internet access is as important as electricity to building opportunities for all of our people , '' Maya Wiley , counsel to Mayor Bill de Blasio , said in a statement . The administration plans to spend most of the $ 70 million within the first two years of the 10-year program . A total of $ 25 million is earmarked to create wireless corridors , which will deliver internet access to 20,000 low-income homes . An additional $ 7.5 million will be spent to improve existing wireless networks throughout the five boroughs , such as the Harlem free WiFi zone . New York state has also agreed to kick in $ 1.6 million to improve wireless signals in industrial areas to the benefit of some 500 businesses .
Additionally , the Mayor 's Office of Technology and Innovation has also called upon the city 's tech companies and small-scale ISPs for ideas and proposals to further provide affordable broadband to the city 's underserved residents . If you think you 've got a good idea , the deadline to submit it is June 30th , 2015 at 8PM ET .
[ Image credit : The Associated Press ]
As the current state of British politics proves , it does n't take much for the crackpots to come crawling out of the woodwork . The odd gay wedding , people with funny accents working for the NHS – it 's enough to whip up a storm of blustery outrage from our less-than-liberal countrymen .
Perhaps in social and political issues , much like in the laws of physics , for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction . No matter how confused and bewildered it might be . Now an anti-feminism party catchily called Justice For Boys & Men ( And The Women Who Love Them ) – led by former Tory consultant Mike Buchanan , who quit the party when David Cameron backed all-women parliamentary candidate shortlists – has announced that three candidates will stand at the general election .
The party 's manifesto makes for alarming reading to a bleeding-heart liberal such as myself ( particularly some choice ideas on domestic violence ) , and its website contains charming articles such as “ 13 Reasons Women Lie About Being Raped ” .
Buchanan claims that `` It 's a very well documented feminist objective of 40 years to destroy the nuclear family , '' and that feminists `` hate men '' . He says he started the party because `` the state is anti-male '' .
But it 's little wonder the party has surfaced now . The dominant voice of modern feminism – certainly in the last year – can be overwhelmingly hard-edged , apparently intent on stringing up men at every available opportunity .
Indeed , being a man has never been less popular . Lads ' mags are out , going on the pull is out , even talking frankly and honestly about our sexuality and psyches is out . ( Can you seriously imagine a male version of Lena Dunham right now ? ) We 're questioning the very fabric of our being – who we are , how we act , and what we 're doing . There ca n't be a more infinitely rhetorical question going at the moment than , “ what does it mean to be a man ? ”
All this self-reflection has led many men to question whether we are , in fact , a bit sexist . And while most of us probably are n't , in intent , we 've also realised that centuries of patriarchal conditioning might have left us one of two slightly sexist traits , whether it 's talking about who we fancy in the office , the odd glance towards someone we find attractive , or using words like “ luv ” without a second thought .
Some of us are doing our best to iron out these quirks , but it 's hard to get on board with feminism debate across the popular channels when it feels , quite frankly , like we ca n't do anything right . Admittedly , us men have been making a rod for our own backs : we 've been filmed ogling women in the street , caught trying to seduce seemingly inebriated girls , talked ignorant nonsense about rape , and subjected women to vile misogynistic online abuse .
Though it seems fair to say this does n't represent the action of all men ( or # notallmen , if you like ) , many of us prefer to just keep our heads down , afraid to speak up and enter the gender debate .
We do n't really believe that feminists are all man-hating harpies . It 's a cliché of a cliché . Perhaps it 's just the rise in social media , but the loudest voices are confrontational and critical ; this , in turn , causes a similar reaction at the other end of the spectrum who # notallmen wish to be represented by – men like Mike Buchanan , who hand out `` Lying Feminist of the Month '' awards , who make excuses for convicted rapists , and are the equal and opposite reaction to “ toxic feminism ” .
So here we have it : two extremes dominating the gender conversation , spewing bile at each other while the sensible debate over real , serious gender issues gets lost in the hysteria .
It 's not these polar opposites we should be thinking about , though . It 's the normal people in the middle , who do n't think of feminism as a weapon to bash each other with . Instead , they 're men and women who understand that a historical imbalance in society exists , one that we try to tip back by treating each other with respect and as equals , not by screaming at each other . These are the men and women who really have the power to make progress over gender issues , but they 're seldom heard .
I 've written before about the confusion over whether I could honestly call myself a feminist – and I think the answer 's probably no , because I 'm far too prone to those man-quirks , unpopular as that may be . For me , the safest way to enter the debate is to simply talk to someone close to me , such as my partner or a female friend , someone who wo n't rip me to shreds for a misplaced word when I ask what they think about a gender issue . It would be more constructive to enter those debates in the public sphere , but that 's a much too frightening a prospect – who knows what the reaction would be ?
Young America 's Foundation recently visited the campus of George Washington University and asked students if they thought assault weapons should be banned .
While students believed strongly that they should be banned , none of them seemed to be able to describe what an assault weapon actually is .
From the YAF blog :
College Students Know Nothing About the Guns They Want Banned [ VIDEO ]
Curious as to how fellow millennials would react when questioned about the proposed “ assault weapons ban , ” I took to the campus of The George Washington University to ask their opinions .
An overwhelming majority of the students I spoke with favored the ban on assault weapons , but could n't offer even the most basic definition of the term itself .
While a couple students confidently claimed , “ A lot of people do n't know how to control their use of guns , ” and “ Anything above what a shotgun would be [ … ] is just not necessary , ” they simply could n't follow up by defining the very weapons they wanted to ban .
In fact , their answers were stunningly bizarre .
Many of their attempts to answer the question hit all the tired and overused liberal talking points about “ military-style , high-capacity ” firearms . When pressed to follow her strange definition to its logical conclusion , one young woman admitted that she believed a rock “ is an assault weapon , I guess. ” A helpful vegetarian offered hunting advice , warning against using assault weapons to hunt deer noting “ you 're pretty much just making ground beef at that point . ”
Some students were more honest , like the one who sheepishly admitted , “ I do n't know anything about gun names . ”
Others did their best to keep up their expert appearance . When asked to expound on what he meant by military-style assault weapons one young man wagered it might have something to do with the color of the weapon , saying it would be “ made out of a different material , like something black , ” with “ more expressed features , like the trigger might be larger … it could have , like , those rings around the barrel . ”
The blokes at MensStylePower give some serious thought to an important question .
Us guys over MenStylePower are in serious mode today . We 're thinking deeply . We 're tossing out ( temporarily ) our fashion related style notes and delving into the male psyche . We 're putting aside fluff and pulling off the gloves . We 're toughening up and we 're asking the big question : What makes a man…a man ?
It all started after a long chat at the pub the other day , with a bloke I consider in good stead – a hardworking , self respecting young man whose initial impression on others is of quiet understated-ness . However the gloves come off pretty quickly once you get him talking over a beer .
And talk he did . The topic on the table ? Men .
What makes a man ? Who is a man 's man ? And why is it that males today are struggling with defining themselves ?
“ They 're struggling ? ” I hear you ask .
Yes . They are .
In conversations with men around the world we 're hearing as well as witnessing a cry for help .
Websites such as Psychology.com reports that we are experiencing a male identity crisis in Western Society , brought into sharp focus by the global economic downturn . First , we are seeing a significant shift in the nature of education and employment trends which will have a huge impact on male identities . Boys are seriously under-achieving in public schools in the U.S. , Canada , the U.K. and Australia , according to several recent research studies . Men now comprise barely 40 % of enrolled University and College students and graduates .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
In a post-modern world lacking clear-cut borders and distinctions , it has been difficult to know what it means to be a man and even harder to feel good about being one . The many boundaries between men and women have been blurred , and men are groping in the dark for their identity . In Australia , around one in six men suffer from depression at any given time ( Beyond Blue ) . In the States , depression reportedly affects about 6 million men each year ( The Mayo Clinic ) .
♦◊♦
Overwhelmingly , the portrayal of men and male identity in contemporary western societies is mostly negative . Men today are extensively demonised , marginalised and objectified , in a way reminiscent of what happened to women . The issue of the male identity is of crucial importance because males are falling behind in school , committing more suicides and crimes , dying younger and being treated for conditions such as ADHD more than females . There has been a rise in divorce rates where in most cases , child custody is granted to mothers . Continuous negative portrayal of men in the media , along with the feminisation of men and loss of fatherhood in society , has caused confusion and frustration in younger generation males , as they do not have a specific role model .
Back in 2005 , a study spanning the globe – 13 markets , 45 focus groups and 2,000 men , conducted by Leo Burnett Worldwide , found that men in most parts of the world are unsure of what 's expected of them in society , with half of those surveyed saying they felt their role in society was unclear .
Which means we should n't be surprised that drug addiction , alcohol or substance abuse , pornography , violent or abusive behavior , inappropriate rage , escapism , risky behavior and suicide are on the rise amongst men . It would seem that an alarming number of men are finding themselves , in one word , LOST .
The evidence is found , especially in the ‘ macho ' intense culture of Australia ( where MenStylePower resides ) , in the pubs , the watering holes , the backyards and the beaches…where men go to drown their confusion .
♦◊♦
While gruff , tough , and hard yakka Aussie men may be the auteurs du jour in Hollywood ( Russell Crowe , Sam Worthington , Hugh Jackman , Simon Baker , etc ) , the reality is that under that rough and tumble thick skin , many Australian men are floundering .
The so-called high priest of the Australian male confessional , Sam de Brito , has made a business out of giving away blokes ' deepest secrets . He pens men 's columns for Sydney and Melbourne newspapers , and runs a well-known blog called “ All Men are Liars – Except Sam de Brito ” and his book The Lost Boys , “ takes the pulse of Aussie manhood ” . In fact it does more than take a pulse . It is a fully invasive piece of investigatory surgery performed on all parts of the Australian male , most especially his ego . At the same time it stabs at woeful failings in the Australian culture to support the authentic male .
The idea behind de Brito 's work in general – including his nonfiction book No Tattoos Before You 're Thirty ( 2006 ) – is that the Australian male lives a life of duplicity…when he looks in the mirror , he never tells what he really sees .
Instead he delves into drugs , sex , driving at speed , cultural and racial attitudes , lying and cheating , loyalties and betrayals , laziness and masturbation .
In other words , he escapes becoming a man , because he does not know how to be one .
‘ The Lost Boys ' is set in a Peter Pan land where boys never grow up . Bondi 's pub-defined Bermuda Triangle to be exact : “ The Bergs , the Regis , the Rats . Three points on the map but blokes get lost in there for years. ” Full of prawns , bread and beer , with chicks of all ages on heat at closing time , these boys never want to emerge . Feeling perfectly satisfied means they never see the need to take on adult responsibilities . Their lost-ness is their identity .
The Lost Boys is narrated by Ned Jelli , an ageing boy narrator binge drinking himself further into disillusionment . He 's a big drug user and alchoholic , a porn addict , a crook footballer , a moderately successful lover in his heyday , an OK surfer , a passable intellectual in his group and now he 's going to fat .
He is a 35 year old little boy lost .
Why ?
Because no-one showed him the way .
♦◊♦
Back to my friend at the pub . Himself a quintessential Aussie male , I asked him why he seemed to , unlike many of his floundering-into-manhood mates a la Ned Jelli , had his act together , kept his cool and had a history of making solid and wise decisions ( the aforementioned man has his own business , bought a house , investing into business ventures and is highly respected by his peers , all before the age of 35 . )
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
He thought about it a little .
“ My father . ”
“ My dad – my hero – set benchmarks for me . He straightened me out when I was wrong , he counseled me on my life choices , he told me what a man of integrity looked like and he set high yet achievable expectations on me on what it took to be a man – one who was a great friend to himself – independent , risk taking , adventurous ; a loving , loyal husband to his wife ; a provider for his children ; a mate who stands for his friends , shares mutual respect and provides unconditional assistance to them , a man who takes the tough knocks in life on the chin and still keeps ticking . ”
“ He initiated me into manhood . ”
And therein lies what we , at MenStylePower , believe is the problem with manhood today .
Apart from good fathers , no-one , especially in Western Culture , is telling young boys and developing men what it takes to be a man .
De Brito himself says that “ When a culture ceases to provide specific initiatory pathways , the individual male psyche is left to initiate itself. ” In other words , many males do n't know what to do with themselves in the movement from boyhood to adulthood .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
The “ apparent ” initiation rituals – being legally able to drink in a pub , get pissed ( drunk ) royally , drive a car and have sex – simply capture the boy , and stall him to remain a boy . This is the sad , hugely important issue de Brito raises .
♦◊♦
What modern ‘ initiation ' has forgotten to do , is to instil value into men , rouse within them adventure and wild abandon , yet inspire integrity and the power of choosing to do good and living a sacrificial life within them .
Unlike modern times , most ancient and tribal cultures ( to this day ) initiated their men into manhood , ensuring boys did not wander into adulthood confused about their identity .
The Maasai culture in Kenya initiated their young men by having them face their fears and overcome great adversity to kill a lion . Other African tribes like the Meru , gathered boys of similar age together ( 10-12 years old ) in a group , circumcised them in icy river beds without pain relief , then sequestered them for 4 months at a time with the old , wise men of the village , to learn the mysterious business of becoming a man .
The truths these young men learnt were a large part of the initiatory rites that almost all men used to undergo in almost every culture in the world until recently .
♦◊♦
Lament not . Author Stephen Biddulph provides help to those of us living in the West , in his rebuilt handbook for blokes ‘ Manhood ' .
Biddulph 's definition of good man comes down to just two words . “ Backbone and heart ”
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
“ Backbone is the ability to stand firm , endure , be true to his word and sometimes put himself last , especially under circumstances of great need or stress . ”
“ Heart – the ability to be counted on , possessing compassion . ”
Biddulph then contrasts the failings of the ye olde world stoic fathers of the first half of last century , with the sensitive new age guys of recent decades and finds them both lacking – because they went too far towards either pole – too much backbone , too much heart .
Biddulph stresses the need for balance , and then for initiation . “ Initiation centers on the most pressing spiritual task of any culture – making the young wise enough , soon enough , that they may join the tribe as superb and contributory human beings . ”
He also reveals what he calls “ five awakenings , five truths ” that young men need to confront , grieve over , and eventually celebrate as ultimate liberation .
These five truths of manhood , are :
1 . You are going to die .
2 . Life is hard .
3 . You are not that important .
4 . Your life is not about you .
5 . You are not in control of the outcome .
Note that these five truths are pretty much the exact opposite of what we tell our young men today .
“ When we fail to accept these truths , we become a culture of perpetual childhood , ” writes Biddulph .
There is hope for boys wanting to become men . Initiation can not be done alone . In and of itself , it demands that you are surrounded by other men . So dude , if you 're struggling with what it means to be a man , find a man in your world that you respect and spend time with him . Initiation does n't always have to be stated , it can be absorbed via following a good example .
My pub friend gave the example of tradesmen on a building site who routinely give a ‘ hard time ' to new apprentice builders . The teasing , jockeying around and pushing them to the limits/testing their endurance , is all about toughening up soft boys into solid men . It builds bonds of strength between men , ensuring they can count on each other and themselves if and when things get rough .
♦◊♦
The men you surround yourself with will either mean you grow into a man yourself , or conversely , retreat into ‘ lost boy ' territory . Think deeper than just ‘ wine , women and song ' and seek the narrow , yet rewarding journey of becoming a man of high regard … ‘ a man for whom freedom , comradeship , a wide tolerance , and a strong sense of the innate worth of man , count for more than all the kingdoms of the world , and the glory in them . '
So what else did my pub friend have to say on what defines a man ?
His brow furrowed , his eyes went to a far away place , then he leaned in , and so did I , eager to hear one more tasty morsel of deep male wisdom .
He took a deep breath , then announced with male certainty . “ A man 's man … does n't wear scarfs . ”
A-Men .
…
—
…
Originally published at ManStylePower.com
—
Photo credits : menstylepower.com , viucsr/flickr
—
Donald Trump alienated members of his own Hispanic leadership council by ignoring their advice and instead choosing a hardline approach to immigration , which he reiterated during a speech Wednesday in Phoenix . The decision not only narrows the GOP nominee 's path to victory in November but also threatens to infringe the party 's efforts to expand its appeal over the long term .
Trump 's immigration speech signals he is charting a course to the White House that relies heavily on a loyal but narrow following and requires increased turnout among white voters . Moreover , it goes against the counsel of Republican campaign experts , polling data trends , and demographic arithmetic .
GOP strategists said that while several pieces of the policy outline may jibe with conservative thought , the candidate 's harsh tone and rhetoric , specifically on the issue of deportation , figures to repel not only Latino voters but also moderate Republicans and independents he will need to win the White House .
“ If self-deportation threw Mitt Romney 's Hispanic support from 44 percent down to 27 percent in 2012 , Lord only knows what Trump 's ‘ forced deportation ' will do to his Hispanic vote in 2016 , ” said Whit Ayres , a veteran Republican pollster .
“ He has backed himself into a corner where he needs to get 65 to 70 percent of the white vote in order to win the majority of the popular vote , ” Ayres said , alluding to a path that would take him through Rust Belt and Midwestern states , as other more diverse battlegrounds like Colorado and Virginia now lean more Democratic . “ And that is going to be exceedingly difficult as long as he continues to split evenly the white women vote . ”
Trump 's chosen path is already driving away some of his Latino advisers , several of whom either quit or were thinking about quitting the campaign on Thursday . In an August meeting with the nominee and in advance of his visit with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , some members of the council prepared an outline of principles and talking points on the issue of immigration , encouraging him to take a more compassionate and humane approach to deportation . They were thrilled with his performance in Mexico City , during which he took a statesman-like approach to the issue . Then the mood changed once he crossed back over the border for his Phoenix speech .
“ He was moving toward a reasonable , pro-business and compassionate immigration plan . Tonight he was not a Republican but a populist , modern-day Father Coughlin who demonized immigrants , ” wrote Jacob Monty , a Houston-based attorney and now former member of Trump 's Hispanic council . “ He must want to lose . He can do that without me . ”
Texas Pastor Ramiro Pena also quit the board , telling the campaign that he believed Trump 's speech cost him the election and that the Hispanic council was nothing more than a scam , according to a Politico report . Other Hispanic leaders took to the airwaves on Thursday to voice their disappointment and rescind their endorsements . “ We felt a little bit misled , ” Alfonso Aguilar of the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles , told CNN , referring to Trump 's language about deporting undocumented immigrants who have not committed a crime .
“ Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation , ” Trump said in Phoenix . `` You can not obtain legal status or become a citizen of the United States by illegally entering our country . They will have one route and one route only : to return home and apply for re-entry . ”
The consensus among prominent Hispanic supporters of Trump was that the candidate had expressed to them his support for a more compassionate approach for non-criminals , but disregarded it when he spoke Wednesday night .
Some , though , opted to stay on board and continue their support . Leaving would forfeit “ an opportunity to keep talking ” and shape Trump 's policy to one “ we believe is more humane , ” Florida Pastor Alberto Delgado told CNN .
On Thursday , however , Trump appeared unfazed , telling Laura Ingraham in a radio interview that his approach to deportation is a softening . “ We do it in a very humane way , ” he said .
In fact , Trump 's stance on deportation is at odds with that of most voters . A Fox News poll this week showed 77 percent support some system of legalization for undocumented immigrants , while just 19 percent advocate for deportation .
“ The long-term implications will be severe , because you have a new generation of young Latinos who are engaged in the process for the first time , and they have such a dark perception of Republicans based on the nominee , ” said California-based strategist Leslie Sanchez . “ We have to dissolve the false stereotypes again about the GOP and move aggressively forward with an inclusive party that cares about all Americans and is not tone-deaf . ”
Bettina Inclan , former director of Hispanic outreach for the RNC , said Trump 's tone and rhetoric when speaking about immigrants overshadows any policy prescriptions he espouses as well as his successful meeting in Mexico City .
“ This was not a speech that helped Trump expand his dwindling base and win and influence undecided voters , ” Inclan wrote . “ Trump leaves people like me , a Latina Republican , who want to expand the GOP base and win national elections , with little to work with . ”
Hillary Clinton is seizing on Trump 's immigration approach as a way to energize the Democratic base and also to perhaps appeal to independents . The campaign announced a six-figure ad buy in the red state of Arizona , where 22 percent of eligible voters are Hispanic , according to Pew .
Republican strategists point to George W. Bush garnering 44 percent of the Latino vote in 2004 as a baseline , but GOP nominees have moved farther from it in subsequent elections . The RNC prioritized the Hispanic vote in its 2012 autopsy report , many tenets of which Trump has disregarded . And some Republican strategists fear Trump 's rhetoric on immigrants might set the party back for several cycles .
“ Donald Trump is doing nationally what Pete Wilson did to California , ” said GOP strategist Al Cardenas , referring to the Republican governor 's anti-immigration push in 1994 .
“ Is it reversible ? We have n't won California since the '90s , ” said Cardenas , a former chairman of the American Conservative Union . “ Has Donald Trump done that for the party nationally ? I hope not because if he has , it will be a long time before we occupy the White House again . ”
A second Suniula has signed a pro contract but it wo n't be on US soil . Roland Suniula has penned a deal with Reggio of the Italian Eccellenza until the end of the season , heading off speculation that he would join brother Shalom at the Seattle Seawolves of Major League Rugby . A standout during the 2016 PRO Rugby season , the 30-year-old midfielder reunites with a familiar face in Ohio Aviators flanker Filippo Ferrarini . Argentine flyhalf Luciano Rodriguez is also at the club .
It 's the fourth European destination for the second of three brothers to play for the US Eagles , Andrew the oldest . Roland has previously lined up for three French clubs . Auch in the Pro D2 , then a season at Vienne followed by Chalon both of Fédérale 1 . He returned to the USA to play for the Aviators in the inaugural PRO season and has been in Columbus since as a coach with Tiger Rugby Academy .
Suniula won the last of his 17 caps for the Eagles against Canada in August of 2013 . He made his international debut four years earlier against Ireland and represented his country at the 2011 Rugby World Cup . Primarily an inside center , he also made a handful of appearances at flyhalf for the Eagles .
Reggio are currently winless in the new Eccellenza season though only three of the 18 regular season rounds have been played . Formerly the Super 10 , the Eccellenza is the top professional division in Italy with traditional heavyweight Calvisano , Viadana , and Petrarca leading the way . Italy 's two Guinness Pro 14 sides , Benetton Treviso and Zebre , are largely composed of ‘ graduates ' of the domestic competition with ‘ permit ' players often selected to bolster their squads throughout the season .
Now a lot of complete morons out there somehow think that just because I ca n't stand the Jew and stinking little Israel , that I 'm a big fat Muzzie lover .
Let me set the record straight : I ca n't stand these dirty Muslims in our lands one GD bit . Sure , I do n't have anything against them living in dune coon land , eating goat eyeballs and slurping fermented camel piss all they damn want . Just do n't expect me to be all happy about them living in our White countries ; stinking up the place with curry powder and those filthy burkas their oily broads wear — all the while making that infernal tongue clucking racket when Omar gets home from spending the whole day at the Mosque plotting Shariah law .
And it is indeed true that I 've sympathized with the Palestinians plenty ( many of whom are Christians ) . Of course , that 's mostly because I ca n't stand what the Jews back here are doing to my country — the US of A . The enemy of my enemy is my pal ( BTW : Ever since the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem visited Hitler 's Nazi Germany , solidarity with Muslims among White Gentiles really gets the paranoid Jews all bunged up ) .
Usually , I resist the temptation to call for the Jews to go live in their so-called “ Promised Land ” BS and leave us alone . That sounds easy enough . But it ai n't gon na happen since Jews are a parasitical race who need enough other Jews back here in our lands to continue the shekel sucking that allows Jewish Israel to exist in the first place . Back in 1948 , the mothers basically fooled the crap out of the Brits , anxious to see the trouble-makers move on to Israel ( Britain has since been totally screwed by non-White immigration ) .
So it 's pretty much a moot point as far as screwing up the Palestinian lands even more by calling for the Jews to move there . I must admit there is propaganda value with the conservative patriot types ( called “ Kwans ” ) , since many do have a sneaking suspicion Jews are greedy rip-off artists or lefty libtards and homos , which is indeed the case . The chicken crap Kwans just do n't want to step over the line and get called Nazis .
Recently , the pleasant folks over at the Daily Stormer website called for a twitter and “ troll ” war against this burka-wearing , Muslim woman activist named Mariam Veiszadeh living in Australia . She 's having a British woman face a magistrate and possibly go to jail for hurting her feelings on Twitter . The lousy media and idiot liberals have now turned the Muzzie accuser into a diversity action hero , instead of the WHITE woman victimized by the state for speaking her mind .
Like , WTF is this stinking foreigner even down there complaining about things in the first place , I ask ? So how come no one in the media ( including FOX ) ever asks why these Muslim are even allowed to move to our White countries , like ever ?
And I heartily endorse Daily Stormer 's tactics of in-your-face , First Amendment , pro-active PR measures against invaders of White lands and their enablers . I laughed my White tushie off with their hilarious Internet campaign against some creepy-looking Jewess politician whining about “ hate speech ” over in Great Britain ( right ) .
You ca n't say us “ haters ” do n't have a sense of humor !
There are some confused Whites who will say these kinds of efforts hurt our cause . Oh BS ! Have n't we had more than enough of playing the Mr. Nice Guy ? Gets old , does n't it ? And it gets us nowhere but fewer jobs , more taxes , fighting in their continual NWO wars and spat in the face with PC BS on a daily basis for saying the least little thing non-PC , should we be White people .
Now you may have noticed the idiot Kwans acting all worked up in a Jew-media fostered tizzy about Barry Obongo not calling it a “ War on ISLAMIC terrorism. ” It was like Obongo committed murder or something .
You see , these kinds of conundrums are bound to happen with PC . Why ? Because of the Priority One Diversity laws , created by the Marxist , Nation-Wrecking Jews and turned into glowing visions of prancing unicorns and LGBT rainbows by porridge-brained White liberals . Just as long as you 're not another “ privileged ” White person , you can do no wrong to such sheltered idiots — especially if you 're a non-White immigrant helping to invade our White lands .
This way , idiot liberals do n't have to fly all the way to foreign countries to experience the wonders of the Third World ! And this is coming from softy faggots who would n't dare take a stroll down Martin Luther King boulevard after dark .
All this PC BS necessarily extends to these desert Muslim sandniggers , of course . Just as long as they do n't hate Mother Israel too openly and own any knives longer than 4 inches , it 's all cool .
Sure , you can spit in the face of White Christian people all you damn want these days . Hell , blacks can murder us all the time — nobody ever says JACK — at least not on national TV , because the Jewish social engineers are going to be pissed about alerting too many of the Goy about our race getting victimized . That 's only for “ peeps of color , ” do n't you know ?
Plus , it should be noted that Obongo certainly sympathizes with the Muzzies , but ca n't be too open about it because it will piss off the idiot Kwans who think Israel is our bestest little buddy in the Mideast , who can do no wrong . Because of the media and the stupid ass proletariat ( meaning your next door neighbor , of course ) , no one has had the guts to stand up to the conniving Israeli Jew bastards for the last GD 50 years , at least .
Those few in politics who have said anything bad about Israel , never really get anywhere because it 's simply not reported to the general idiot population . It 's like the business with a tree crashing in the forest — does it make a sound if no one is around to hear ? Afterwards , the latest “ enemy of the Jews ” somehow finds campaign donations to his reelection getting nowhere and the poor sap never gets to “ do lunch ” again with DC big shots , or cheap Hollywood whores .
The kosher grapevine has been a powerful tool used by the dirty Jews to the max . All of DC people will know exactly what I 'm saying here .
The only reason I concentrate so much on the Jews on my site , is because I long ago recognized they were the ones actually responsible for turning White lands inside out and brainwashing weaker members of our race with diversity and equality BS .
And I know I talk about black crime here a lot too , only because it 's now blisteringly obvious that blacks in America have long blown their chance at living in a civilized Western nation with their ever-growing criminal and militant behavior . Tell me : Have n't you had it up to “ HERE ” with these brutal , spoiled black bastards ? The SOBs most definitely deserve a one way ticket back to jungle land .
Idiot Zio Media Whores
American news media is a huge traitorous joke on the White race . It 's patently obvious that it 's all been a nothing but a big Lefty and Zionist Jew operation from day-one , so much so lately that even regular folks are now finally starting to pick up on it .
So what 's the good news , Cog Man ? Well , Whites are indeed awakening in droves these days . In fact , it may be entirely too late for the Jews to do anything drastic , censorship-wise , of the Internet without making matters even worse .
That 's why you see them tip toeing around the issue , trying to find ways of silencing true free speech without it alerting people to them destroying America 's constitution .
You can easily see what they would really like is get the Muzzie terrorist angle to include all us evil pro-White activists ( us “ haters ' ) . That 's tricky without resorting to false flag ops — now dangerous since so many of us are suspicious we 're getting sold a sack of horse manure . A false flag event not done well enough , too many of us might spot the mistakes and raise hell , even with all the “ conspiracy nut ” MEMEs carefully emplaced in people 's brains . Plus , it 's hard to logically associate pro-Whites with non-White Muslim Semites and sub-Saharan Negroes invading our lands .
It 's a real hat trick for the backstabbers to pull off . I 'm quite certain they 've been war gaming the problem for a long time now .
Another huge , HUGE thing is that the hypocrisy will become increasingly obvious to the braindead — both left and right . Already , people in droves are not believing the mainstream news because the Zionist propaganda over Israel is getting so apparent . Add to that , continuous Nazi documentaries and tear-jerking holocaust movies , and you got people finally putting two-and-two together about the real rats behind it all .
To fully get the degree of manipulation you 're fed on mainstream news , just ask yourself a few easy questions while watching : Why are certain topics pretty much reported the exact same way on ALL CHANNELS ? Have n't they yammered about such-and-such terror threat long enough ? Why is Israel always called our “ strongest ally ” even if they never do JACK for us ? Why are BS stories about whale encounters in the ocean worth one lousy second of national attention ?
All of this may be a moot point , since the inevitable collapse of the FIAT dollar scam is on the horizon . The Globalist money Jews have long known that was going to happen from the start . WWIII , violent social upheavals and race wars just might be what the doctor ordered to enact Soviet style control over America — like they 've been itching to do ever since we let the backstabbing bastards in the door .
You know it 's coming , do n't you ?
— Phillip Marlowe
This kind of thing has been going on in all White countries where the NWO Globalist Jews have money control , media brainwashing and political power . Sweden , France , Germany , Denmark , Holland , Italy , Great Britain , Canada , Australia , Austria AND AMERICA . It 's now clear : The stinking GD Jews have been in a war with the White race from the very beginning !
How much more of this JEW BS are we going to take , White people ? Will you wait until they can throw you in jail for saying anything ?
Like this : Like Loading ...
( Reuters ) - New Hampshire 's Senate race is a dead heat between incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte and Governor Maggie Hassan , polls showed on Friday , with the tight contest showing the limits of the Democrat 's attempt to tie her rival to Donald Trump .
U.S . Senator Kelly Ayotte ( R-NH ) speaks at the No Labels Problem Solver Convention in Manchester , New Hampshire October 12 , 2015 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Hassan at a debate on Friday lashed out at Ayotte for having said for months that she would vote for , but not endorse , Republican presidential nominee Trump , whose White House campaign is struggling to fight off allegations about groping women .
Ayotte changed her position following last weekend 's release of a video in which Trump made lewd comments about women , saying she could not vote for him .
“ Senator Ayotte until last Saturday was willing to vote to put Donald Trump in the Situation Room with access to the nuclear codes , and that shows a very concerning lack of judgment , ” Hassan said during a debate on WGIR-AM radio .
“ I have renounced Donald Trump 's statements on many occasions ... I have clearly stated where I stand on Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . I wo n't be voting for either of them , ” Ayotte said , adding that she planned to write in a vote for Trump 's running mate , Governor Mike Pence of Indiana .
A pair of new polls released Friday and late Thursday showed the New Hampshire race tied .
A MassInc/WBUR poll conducted Monday through Wednesday showed the Republican holding the support of 46 percent of 501 likely voters to Hassan 's 45 percent . A UMass Lowell/7 News poll of 517 likely voters found a similarly close result , with Ayotte holding 45 percent support to Hassan 's 44 percent . Both gaps were well within the polls ' margins of error .
But that finding came as the UMass poll showed Clinton extending her lead in the state to a statistically significant 45 percent support ahead of Trump 's 39 percent . That poll had a 4.4 percentage point margin of error .
Clinton 's stronger lead in a four-way race , which also includes Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green party candidate Jill Stein , suggested that Hassan 's effort to tie Ayotte to Trump was proving ineffective with the state 's famously independent-minded voters .
“ Senator Ayotte is a pretty well known commodity and her personality and views are strong , ” said Neil Levesque of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics . “ You have Republicans who do n't want to vote for Trump who are going to vote for Hillary but are also going to vote for Kelly Ayotte because they want her as a check and balance on a Clinton presidency . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) — It 's an unflattering picture portrayed by the Congressional Budget Office — that trillion-dollar deficits will return in 10 years unless significant action is taken to rein in either entitlement or defense spending or lift taxes .
But behind this forecast is the assumption that interest rates will start rising by a fairly substantial manner .
The average interest rate on debt held by the public was a mere 1.8 % last year . The CBO assumes a growing U.S. economy , and growing government spending , will take the average interest rate the government pays on its debt obligations to 3.8 % in 2025 .
It 's by no means a crazy assumption . The Federal Reserve expects to get short-term interest rates at least to the 3.5 % to 4 % level by then , though the implied market assumption for interest rates in 2025 , using Eurodollar futures contracts , is 2.9 % .
But it 's worth examining the possibility that maybe — for factors as varied as bank regulatory requirements to baby-boom investment demand — rates might not go up so aggressively .
Paul Van de Water , senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , says it 's an issue being discussed in Washington circles , although he did not have his own independent forecast .
Right now , rates are n't going up at all . In spite of an economy that grew 2.4 % last year and saw a big drop in unemployment , rates remain depressed , with the 10-year yield TMUBMUSD10Y , -0.27 % holding well below 2 % .
The CBO 's rule of thumb is that for every 1 percentage point difference between what it projects and what the government actually pays on the interest on its debt , there 's a move in the deficit of $ 1.7 trillion over 10 years . ( Keeping rates exactly where they are now would yield savings north of around $ 2.3 trillion , though Van de Water says that would be an “ extreme ” assumption . )
Another way to say that is what the CBO forecasts as a $ 1.09 trillion deficit in 2025 becomes an $ 816 billion gap in a rate environment closer to the present one .
As a percentage of GDP , the budget deficit then becomes a more manageable 2.9 % , instead of the 4 % of GDP it 's forecasting now .
The CBO says that there are reasons that interest rates could be even higher than they projected . They also point out that in typical times , low rates are married with lower GDP growth — meaning that whatever savings come from less interest-rate expense is offset by worse revenues from individual and corporate taxpayers .
But that 's not the case now . In fiscal 2014 , federal revenue as a percentage of GDP reached 17.5 % , the highest level in seven years , despite low interest rates .
The man racially abused and stopped from boarding a Paris Metro train by a group of Chelsea supporters has accepted an invitation from Paris Saint-Germain to watch the Champions League last-16 first-leg clash between the two teams next week .
Souleyman Sylla will be among the crowd at the Parc des Princes next Tuesday night , one day short of the one-year anniversary of the incident that was filmed on a mobile telephone by a witness .
The French-Mauritian commuter was repeatedly pushed backwards off a carriage amid chants of “ we 're racist , we 're racist , and that 's the way we like it ” as Chelsea supporters travelled to their club 's Feb 17 , 2015 match with PSG .
Chelsea condemned the incident and five men were given football banning orders of up to five years last July . All received lifetime bans from the club .
Sylla was so traumatised he had to take six months off work and he only used the Metro for the first time since the incident last Friday . He declined an invitation from Chelsea to attend the return leg in London in March 2015 , but the open invitation remains in place .
Speaking of his client 's decision to go to this season 's first leg in Paris , Sylla 's lawyer , Jim Michel-Gabriel , said : “ Paris St Germain invited my client to be there and I think he will be there , with me . He has decided to go to the match as life must carry on .
“ Maybe the supporters of Chelsea and Paris St Germain will think about what happened . He feels okay . He goes to the doctor once a week because he thinks about what happened one year ago .
“ It was impossible for him to take the Metro . It was very hard for him . He feels better and he started ( using the Metro ) last Friday . ”
Chelsea 's ticket allocation for the match was reduced by 700 to 1,400 in response to last November 's terrorist atrocities in Paris , but the Metro incident was also a factor .
Legal proceedings relating to the case are ongoing in France , and Michel-Gabriel added : “ The case is still in justice , we do n't know yet when we will go to the courts . He thinks ' I have to take care of my family and I have to take care of myself ' . ”
Still , it brought with it some stress . Boyd knew what it would mean to ask for a trade , as the Giants ' No.1 draft pick less than 12 months earlier . He understood the club would be unhappy with him , `` because I was the one to put them in a difficult position '' . In one way , Boyd was glad he was so far away , because he has a tendency to want all the information he can get and would have been drawing conclusions after every conversation he took part in or heard about . At the same time , riding less frequent bumps was almost harder . When the Giants said they would refuse to trade him , Boyd believed them . When Pickering told him not to worry and that the deal would get done , he allowed himself to relax .
Before the trade went through , he sent messages to Giants coach Leon Cameron and chief executive David Matthews , feeling like he needed them to hear how he was feeling from him , rather than other people . `` I felt the whole time like I 'd just been a third party . My dad was dealing with them more than I had and I had never really put my own spin on it and had the chance to sit down and talk to them about what was going through my head and what I was thinking , '' he said . `` I just reassured them that I 'd taken my time and that the gravity of the situation was n't lost on me . In the end it was n't about them or the club , it was about the opportunity that was given to me . ''
There was more Boyd needed to think about . But becoming the young key forward the Bulldogs have searched so desperately for has never bothered him . It 's what he wants to be , and he has always expected more of himself than anyone else has been able to . What was difficult was having his contract become so public , even though he understood that was also inevitable . It still feels a little awkward . `` I do find it pretty hard to deal with . Mostly because it 's not exactly right , people are guessing a bit , but when the same number keeps being published , then that makes it true in everyone 's eyes and I appreciate that , '' said Boyd , who has heard all of the jokes , and been asked for loans from people he has never met before .
`` It 's like being called tall 100 times when you 're a kid ; you think , ' I have n't heard that one before . ' But I have a very good group of friends who know it does n't matter and would never talk about it , and that it would never affect me . What matters is being back home , and being around the people close to me and being lucky enough to do what every person wants , your dream job in the city you grew up in and want to live in . But it has been hard to get used to , because I think what happens is people can assume they know you and know what you 're about and what matters to you . And what I am and what matters is that I 'm a 19-year-old going into my second year who has a long way to go . ''
So far , so good . Walking into the Bulldogs has felt almost like getting started at the Giants , given all the young players at both clubs . That he knew a few of them before he got to Whitten Oval made it easier . Boyd is sharing a house with Richmond player Nick Vlastuin , seeing his dogs , spending time with people who do n't play football and `` feeling like a proper part of the family again , which is naturally a bit harder when you 're living in another city and when the chances you do get to catch up are so rushed and do n't last for very long '' .
Aston Villa are set to call time on Rémi Garde 's troubled reign as manager this week as the club begin the task of preparing for life in the Championship . Garde has cut a forlorn figure for weeks and was expected to depart in the summer but a new-look Villa board is ready to accelerate its plans and sack the Frenchman after accepting there is nothing to be gained by going through the motions until the end of the season .
Federico Fernández lifts Swansea clear of danger with win over Aston Villa Read more
Garde has won only two of his 20 Premier League games in charge since replacing Tim Sherwood at the start of November , failing to have any positive impact on a team that had only four points to their name when he took over . At the time of his unveiling Garde spoke about the positive vibe he felt after speaking to Randy Lerner and listening “ to the way he wanted to fix this bad situation ” , but his relationship with the Villa owner has unravelled .
Steve Hollis , Villa 's new chairman , chose his words carefully when asked about Garde 's future at the club 's training ground on Friday and was not prepared to give any guarantees that the former Lyon manager would be given the job of trying to win promotion from the Championship next season .
Working closely with David Bernstein and Mervyn King , two recent additions to the board , and advised by Brian Little , a former manager and player at Villa , Hollis is conducting a thorough investigation into every aspect of the club . It has not taken them long , however , to realise that Garde looks and sounds like a broken man and with relegation a formality , that it would be in everyone 's best interests to go their separate ways .
It is understood that Garde and Lerner barely communicate and things do not seem much better between the Villa manager and some of his players . Garde strayed into dangerous territory when he publicly questioned his players ' commitment last month , even if there was some substance to his comments . He has chopped and changed the team without success and the impression within the club is that players feel resentment rather than determination to prove him wrong once they have been left out .
Garde feels badly let down by the club 's failure to back him in the January transfer window , when Villa failed to make a single signing at a time when they were bottom and in desperate need of new faces . From that moment on the Frenchman felt that it was a matter of time before he would be out of a job and it is believed that he conveyed that message to Tom Fox , who resigned from his post as chief executive officer on Thursday .
Fox 's departure came 48 hours after Hendrik Almstadt left as sporting director and Garde 's imminent departure is unlikely to be the last in a cull that Hollis hopes will provide the opportunity to re-energise a club who have been fighting relegation for six successive seasons . Paddy Reilly , the director of recruitment and part of the old regime , is clinging on to his position for the moment .
Nigel Pearson is the leading candidate to replace Garde , although Villa will not be making a permanent appointment until the summer , with Kevin MacDonald and Eric Black likely to be asked to take over in a caretaker capacity until the end of the campaign .
Swansea 1-0 Aston Villa : Premier League – as it happened Read more
Although the possibility of turning to Steve Bruce has been discussed and there is respect for the fact that the Hull City manager has a track record of winning promotion from the Championship , his previous employment at Birmingham City , Villa 's bitter rivals , makes a move for him unlikely . Hollis is acutely aware that Villa supporters are angry and frustrated and the last thing the board want to do is risk antagonising that fanbase further .
Pearson , on the other hand , is out of work and keen to return to management . He demonstrated at Leicester City that he is capable of rebuilding a former Premier League club that had badly lost its way , although it is unlikely that he would be able to bring in his former assistants , Steve Walsh and Craig Shakespeare , both of whom remain with the Premier League leaders and are close to agreeing new contracts .
A new study published in Scientific Reports finds that a lower abundance of salmon in a sea noisy from vessel traffic means the whales must forage longer to find their food — stressing their already-endangered population .
Orca whales are on a path to extinction within a century unless they get a big increase of chinook salmon to eat , and significantly quieter seas in which to find their food , a new study has found .
The research , published in the journal Scientific Reports , evaluated the relative importance of known threats to the survival of southern-resident killer whales , the salmon-eating whales that frequent Puget Sound .
An international team of scientists reviewed 40 years of data and the threats of lack of food , pollutants and excessive noise under different future scenarios .
A clear finding emerged : lack of food , specifically chinook salmon , was the orcas ' biggest threat to long-term survival , so much so that a 30 percent increase in chinook above average levels is needed to recover the orca population . That increase could be cut to 15 percent if vessel noise also is reduced by half .
Otherwise , the populations will continue to decline and there is a 25 percent chance the whales will be lost within 100 years , the scientists found .
The findings reflect the unique biology of southern-resident killer whales , which insist on targeting chinook salmon for their diet , virtually to the exclusion of other prey . They also use echolocation — sound — to find their food .
Lower abundance of salmon in a sea noisy from vessel traffic means the whales must forage longer to find their food — even as chinook populations also are declining . And if they ca n't get enough to eat they burn their own fat , laden with chemicals stored in their tissue , absorbed from pollutants in the waters of the Salish Sea .
The linked nature of the threats to orcas means progress must be made on all three fronts , noted Rob Williams , an author on the paper based at Oceans Initiative in Seattle , a nonprofit scientific research firm .
The orcas already are in a 30-year population low , with just 76 animals in the J , K and L pods .
“ The very first thing we should be doing is holding the line , and not increasing threats and harms that are already there , clearly we do n't want to be adding to the problem , ” said Paul Paquet of the Raincoast Conservation Foundation in Sydney , B.C. , a lead author on the paper .
“ There is an urgency here that is not well-appreciated ; they are certainly in jeopardy , ” he said of the orcas . “ There is no doubt about that . ”
Bob Lacy , a conservation biologist with the Chicago Zoological Society , and another lead author on the paper , said the southern residents are “ just holding on ; the population is too fragile to withstand any increased threats .
“ It is not a cheerful story , but it is a wake-up call . ”
Lynne Barre , Seattle branch chief of the Protected Resources Division at NOAA Fisheries West Coast Region , said the agency is well aware of the orcas ' predicament , as their population — at the lowest numbers since the 1980s — continues to drop . They are listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act .
“ We are moving in the wrong direction , ” Barre said . The agency is looking for partners at every level — local , state , federal and across the border in Canada , to ease threats to orca survival she said .
It 's not a problem orcas might just fix on their own by turning to other prey .
While so-called transient killer whales in Canada feast on marine mammals , especially seals , the southern residents will not switch from chinook — the most calories for the hunting effort of any salmon — even when the region 's most prized fish is scarce .
“ It seems to be cultural , this is what they learned from their mothers , they live in tight family groups and it makes them unique and very special , but it might be a downfall as well , ” Barre said .
Chinook are listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act both in the Columbia River and in Puget Sound . Orcas forage for chinook at the mouth of the Columbia in the early spring and again in Puget Sound in the summer , especially on the west side of San Juan Island .
Scientists have been studying the whales ' foraging behavior and can see that vessel traffic affects it , she noted .
The agency is considering a proposed change in the critical habitat protected for the whales to include the West Coast all the way to the San Francisco Bay Area , to reflect what scientists are learning about how far the orcas travel for their food , Barre said .
Also under review is a protection zone that extends three-quarters of a mile offshore of San Juan Island from Mitchell Point in the north to Cattle Point in the south .
All motorized vessels would be excluded from the zone to give the whales a refuge from their noise .
The proposal from Orca Relief Citizens Alliance and other conservation groups , under review by NOAA since January , received more than 1,000 comments , including suggestions of new approaches to the problem .
James Unsworth , director of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife , even suggested that instead of a fixed protection zone , what is needed is a floating go-slow bubble extending 1,000 yards around every orca as it travels anywhere in Washington 's inner marine waters . Within the bubble , vessel speeds would be restricted to not more than 7 knots on the water .
That would be a big increase in the 200-yard , no-approach zone around every orca imposed by NOAA in 2011 .
Slower travel speeds help orcas by quieting vessel traffic . Some change is already underway on a voluntary basis .
The Port of Vancouver , B.C. , in a pilot program last summer , asked ships to cut their speed to 11 knots — a reduction to nearly half speed for some vessels — to reduce noise levels in a 16-mile-long area of the orcas ' prime feeding ground . More than 61 percent of ships using Haro Strait voluntarily participated .
It 's the kind of measure that perhaps could buy the whales some time and take the pressure off a population struggling to survive , Williams said .
“ This is a really small population that is teetering. ” Not because of some catastrophe , such as an oil spill , he noted , but just because of what their environment has become . “ We are looking at their daily lives . ”
It 's back to school season and everywhere kids are likely dreading it . They do n't want to leave carefree summers behind for homework and a scheduled daily routine . Meanwhile , parents are secretly rejoicing that they have a bit more time to themselves after carpool duty . But , perhaps parents and children are dreading one of the same things– school lunches . Not only are they often less than appealing , but they are also are unhealthy . There are actually a number of reasons why school lunches are n't ideal , and even if you choose to send a lunch , that does n't mean you are n't dreading doing that too . Choosing the right foods to pack and coming up with appetizing and creative ideas your kids will actually eat can be a challenge . Real food lunches can be done .
What 's For Lunch ?
Let 's start off by talking about what 's in those school lunches . You might find a 64 ingredient cafeteria chicken sandwich and a whole host of processed foods . That carton of milk on the lunch tray may contain hormones , such as rbST . The cows are injected with this genetically engineered hormone to stimulate milk production . It 's been banned in Canada , Europe , New Zealand , and Australia . The meat and poultry is likely to contain antibiotics and hormones . In fact , 80 % of all antibiotics used in the U.S. are given to livestock , not people . With the excessive use of antibiotic drugs , it 's creating bacteria resistant to treatment with antibiotics .
Moving on from meat and dairy , the rest of the lunch is likely genetically modified . GMO crops were designed to be herbicide and pesticide resistant so that the crop would survive , while the weeds and pest do not . They are heavily treated with herbicides , such as glyphosate . And glyphosate is toxic . In fact , The WHO recently declared glyphosate as probably carcinogenic . The excess use of glyphosate is leaving residue in the foods we eat and is even affecting ground water .
Those easy to pack lunchtime staples from the grocery store are a concerning option . Avoid things like Goldfish Crackers , Go-Gurt , and Lunchables at all costs . They contain a laundry list of ingredients , whose health risks do n't outweigh their convenience . With processed foods , in a packed or purchased lunch , you 'll also need to be on the lookout for MSG . This is not something we want to be feeding school children . MSG is an excitotoxin that overstimulates brain cells which can lead to brain damage , tumors , learning disorders and behavioral issues . You may have to look carefully to spot MSG on an ingredient list , as MSG is likely hidden .
If packing a lunch is an option for your family , real foods are the best way to make sure your child is eating a healthy and nutritious meal . So how can you pack a real food lunch everyday without slaving away in the kitchen all week ?
Real Food , Real Easy
You 're not alone when it comes to wanting to feed your family real food , other moms are out there packing lunches . This means there are a ton of kid tested recipes out there that you can use for your own family . Not only are there recipes , but there are great resources on how to feed your family healthy meals . The Environmental Working Group offers tips of an eco-healthy lunches that will keep nourished .
Along with tips you can find lunchbox power players from Sara Snow and The Organic Kitchen shares lunch prepping tips and meal ideas to please both mom and kids . But let 's face it , kids eat a lot of lunch , so you need a lot of ideas . Luckily 100 Days of Real Food has a full 12 weeks of real food lunch recipes to keep you full of ideas and your kids ' bellies full .
Disclosure : Bookieboo LLC is an affiliate for More Real Lunches , Real Easy ! and Real Lunches , Real Easy . This post contains affiliate links .
100 Days of Real Food has just released a new ebook , More Real Lunch , Real Easy that contains six weeks of new lunch recipes . You can purchase it starting today , August 17th , until August 31st for just $ 9 , but after that it 's gone . This two-week period also gives you the opportunity to buy the previous edition , Real Lunches , Real Easy and the new ebook together for only $ 15 .
I 've personally been a fan of Lisa and 100 Days of Real Food for years . She has unique meal plans with wholesome ingredients . They 've been great for my family , and I think you 'll find they 'll be great for yours . If you 're not sure if these ebooks are for you , then see if any of the below applies to you .
Who should buy these ebooks ?
Anyone who has been frustrated with packing their kid 's lunches .
Anyone who is fresh out of new , good ideas of what to pack .
Anyone who does n't know where to start and needs help getting organized .
Anyone who does n't want to think about what to pack or purchase , and who simply wants someone to just tell them exactly what to do !
Anyone who wants to send “ real food ” in their kids lunches – YOU !
Order your ebooks before this offer ends on August 31st .
Indian police talk to residents of Kanjia village after five women were reportedly killed for practicing witchcraft .
Villagers in a rural part of eastern India have killed five women accused of practising witchcraft , police say .
Police in the state of Jharkhand said a group of assailants dragged the women out of their huts and beat them to death at around midnight on Friday in Kanjia village , some 40 kilometres from the state capital Ranchi .
`` A group [ of villagers ] dragged the women out and beat them to death with sticks , accusing them of practising witchcraft , '' Ranchi deputy police chief Arun Kumar Singh said .
Mr Singh added that 24 villagers were arrested over the killings .
The villagers also used stones and knives after blaming the five women for bringing illness , poor crops and bad luck on the village through witchcraft , a state police spokesman said .
`` It looks like the village held a grudge against these women for a very long time , holding them responsible for ... various misfortunes , '' Jharkhand police spokesman S.N . Pradhan told news agency AFP .
`` The whole village is ganging up against the police now saying they all killed the women . ''
He said an investigation was underway .
Experts said belief in witchcraft and the occult remained widespread in some impoverished and remote areas in India , where women were sometimes accused of being witches to settle disputes or grievances .
In some cases women were stripped naked as punishment , burnt alive or driven from their homes and killed .
In July , machete-wielding villagers in the north-eastern state of Assam dismembered and beheaded a 63-year-old woman after accusing her of being a witch and casting evil spells on her village .
According to India 's National Crime Records Bureau , about 2,000 people , mostly women , were killed between 2000 and 2012 on suspicion of practising witchcraft .
Jharkhand accounted for 54 of 160 `` witch hunt '' murders in 2013 , government data showed .
Some Indian states including Jharkhand introduced special laws to try to curb crimes against people accused of witchcraft .
Jharkhand chief minister Raghubar Das condemned the latest killings in a statement on Saturday , urging society to `` ponder over it '' .
`` In the age of knowledge , this incident is sorrowful , '' he said .
AFP
Construction is well underway on what will become the world 's largest radio telescope . Once complete , the half-kilometer-wide dish will explore the origins of the Universe and scour the skies for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence .
Located in southwest China 's Guizhou Province , the Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope—aka “ FAST ” —is being constructed on a naturally formed bowl-like valley . It 's far from any town or city , so it 'll be able to achieve decent levels of “ radio silence . ”
Advertisement
The telescope 's reflector will measure 500-meters ( 1,640 feet ) in diameter and be equipped with 4,450 panels . Each panel is shaped like a triangle , with each side measuring 11 meters ( 36 feet ) long . Once complete , probably next year , it 'll be the world 's largest radio telescope , exceeding even Puerto Rica 's Arecibo Observatory , which is 300-meters ( 984 feet ) in diameter . It should be able to peer into space three times further than Aricebo .
Advertisement
Artist 's depiction of the what the completed telescope will look like .
“ A radio telescope is like a sensitive ear , listening to tell meaningful radio messages from white noise in the universe , ” noted Nan Rendong in China.org.cn . He 's the chief scientist of the FAST project with the National Astronomical Observatory at the Chinese Academy of Sciences . Rendong likened it to identifying the sound of cicadas in a thunderstorm . The big dish should be able to pick up exceedingly weak signals , allowing astronomers and SETI scientists to delve further and farther back in the Universe 's history .
“ Having a more sensitive telescope , we can receive weaker and more distant radio messages , ” noted Wu Xiangping , director-general of the Chinese Astronomical Society . “ It will help us to search for intelligent life outside of the galaxy and explore the origins of the universe . ”
Advertisement
[ China.org.cn ]
Contact the author at george @ io9.com and @ dvorsky . Top Photo : A shot of the construction site taken last year . All images by Xinhua .
Image caption There are 50 Boeing 787 Dreamliners at airlines around the world
All of Boeing 's 50 flagship 787 Dreamliners have been temporarily taken out of service amid safety concerns .
The US and European aviation agencies said planes should be grounded while safety checks are carried out on their lithium-ion batteries .
They are worried that the batteries could leak , corroding vital equipment and potentially causing fires .
Boeing said it stood by the integrity of the Dreamliner , which has been in service since October 2011 .
Grounding aircraft on this scale over safety concerns is rare . The last time the FAA ordered a general grounding of an aircraft model was in 1979 , when McDonnell Douglas DC-10s were grounded following a fatal crash .
Who owns Dreamliners ? Air India : 6
All Nippon Airways ( Japan ) : 17
Ethiopian Airlines : 4
Japan Airlines : 7
LAN Airlines ( Chile ) : 3
Lot Polish Airlines : 2
Qatar Airways : 5
United Airlines ( US ) : 6
Total : 50 Source : Boeing
A string of issues in recent weeks have raised questions about the 787 .
Dreamliners have suffered incidents including fuel leaks , a cracked cockpit window , brake problems and an electrical fire . However , it is the battery problems that have caused the most concern .
On Wednesday , an All Nippon Airways ( ANA ) flight made an emergency landing because of a battery fault and fire smoke in one of the electrical compartments .
ANA said the battery in the forward cargo hold was the same type as the one involved in a fire on a Japan Airlines Dreamliner at a US airport last week .
Image caption Safety inspectors are looking at a battery taken from an ANA Dreamliner earlier this week
Airlines complying
Later on Wednesday , the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) said that airlines must demonstrate battery safety before flights can resume .
The authority added that it had alerted the international aviation community of its airworthiness directive , so that other authorities could take parallel action to cover the fleets operating in their countries .
The European Aviation Safety Agency endorsed the directive early on Thursday .
All eight airlines currently flying Boeing 787s have grounded the planes :
All Nippon Airways and Japan Airways have grounded their combined fleet of 24 787s
United Airlines , the only US airline currently operating Dreamliners , said it would immediately comply with the FAA 's directive and would begin re-accommodating customers on alternative aircraft
Chile 's LAN announced it would suspend its three Dreamliners from service in co-ordination with the Chilean Aeronautical Authority
Indian aviation regulators ordered Air India to stop operating its 787s
Poland 's Lot Airlines , the only European airline currently flying 787s , was due to launch its 787 transatlantic service this week , but cancelled a return flight from Chicago to Warsaw on Wednesday
Qatar Airways , which currently operates five Dreamliners , said it had grounded the planes and was `` actively working with Boeing and the regulators to restore full customer confidence in the 787 ''
Ethiopian Airlines said it was taking its 787s out of service as a precautionary measure
Here in Japan , the 787 investigation is now focused on the plane 's electrical system and , in particular , its lithium-ion battery pack . Japanese investigators have begun removing the battery pack from the All Nippon Airways plane that was forced to make an emergency landing on Wednesday . They say it is deformed and discoloured , and that a large amount of liquid electrolyte had leaked from the battery on the interior of the plane 's fuselage . The electrolyte used in lithium-ion batteries is known to be flammable . The US FAA is sending a team to Japan to join the investigation . In a statement , it said such a leak `` could lead to damage to critical systems and structures , and there is the potential for fire in the electrical compartment '' . The company that makes the battery pack is GS Yuasa , Japan 's biggest battery manufacturer .
'Every necessary step '
Leithen Francis , from Aviation Week , said airlines had little choice but to take the aircraft out of service temporarily .
`` When the FAA issues an airworthiness directive , civil aviation and airlines around the world have to follow [ it ] , particularly in regards to the 787 , because it is a US-designed and developed aircraft , '' he told the BBC .
Boeing said it supported the FAA but added it was confident the 787 was safe .
Chief executive Jim McNerney said : `` We will be taking every necessary step in the coming days to assure our customers and the travelling public of the 787 's safety and to return the airplanes to service .
`` Boeing deeply regrets the impact that recent events have had on the operating schedules of our customers and the inconvenience to them and their passengers . ''
Mr Francis said the safety concerns could have an effect on airlines currently considering ordering 787s , causing them to choose rival Airbus ' A330 instead , which is a comparable aircraft and a proven product .
Lithium-ion batteries were already known to have a number of potentially serious safety drawbacks Mark Gregory , Technology correspondent , BBC News What are the battery problems ?
Companies on the order books include UK holiday firm Thomson , which was due to take delivery of Dreamliners next month , followed by British Airways and Virgin .
Thomson said Boeing had reassured the airline that it was doing everything possible to get the planes back into service .
`` We will await the outcome of the FAA investigation into the 787 Dreamliner . At this time we are still working to our original delivery dates , '' it said in a statement .
The FAA said it would work with the manufacturer and carriers on an action plan to allow the US 787 fleet to resume operations as quickly and safely as possible .
`` The in-flight Japanese battery incident followed an earlier 787 battery incident that occurred on the ground in Boston on January 7 , 2013 , '' the regulator said .
`` The AD ( airworthiness directive ) is prompted by this second incident involving a lithium-ion battery . ''
It said the battery failures resulted in the release of flammable electrolytes , heat damage , and smoke , and the cause of the failures was under investigation .
`` These conditions , if not corrected , could result in damage to critical systems and structures , and the potential for fire in the electrical compartment , '' the FAA said .
Boeing is investing heavily in the 787 Dreamliner , and needs to sell 1,100 over the next decade to break even . Together with European rival Airbus it dominates the global airliner market .
World-famous classical violinist Joshua Bell -- perennial uber-cute Cyber crush of Jen-Luc Piquant -- travels all over the world performing , and his instrument of choice is a 300-year-old Stradivarius violin called Gibson ex Huberman . The violin dates back to 1713 , when the famed Cremona violin-maker Antonio Stradivari was at the height of his prowess . It is valued at just under $ 4 million .
Intrepid acousticians all over the globe are still hot on the trail of `` Stradivari 's Secret '' : a.k.a. , just what is it about a Stradivarius violin that makes it sound so much better than your average , run-of-the-mill instrument ? It 's been a topic of feverish investigation and much hot debate for over a decade , at least , and the latest offering comes from a Minnesota radiologist named Steven Sirr , who decided to run a 1704 Stradivarius violin known as `` Betts '' through a series of CT scans . The US Library of Congress helpfully loaned him the instrument for the experiment .
Why a CT scan ? `` CT is useful in measuring wood density , size and shapes , thickness graduation and volume measurements , '' according to Sirr , not to mention providing `` detailed analysis of damage and repair . ''
A CT scan is simply a 3D version of your typical x-ray machine . Instead of just zapping an object with a single x-ray beam and recording the shadow image on special film , a CT scan features an X-ray beam that moves all around the object , taking a series of images from hundreds of different angles . A computer then compiles all those images into a single 3D image that enables an analyst to closely examine individual slices , one at a time .
That 's what Sirr did with the Betts violin , collecting over a thousand `` slices '' ( individual images from many different angles ) and then compiling them into a 3D reproduction of the instrument . This gave him a sneak peek into the violin 's inner workings . As Sirr explained :
`` I assumed the instrument was merely a wooden shell surrounding air . I was totally wrong . There was a lot of anatomy inside the violin . Just like human beings , there is a wide range of normal variation among violins . When you are looking at an instrument that is hundreds of years old , you will see wormholes and cracks that have been repaired , as well as damage from being exposed to all kinds of conditions , from floods to wars . ''
Ah , but Sirr did n't stop there ! He collaborated with two professional violin makers ( luthiers ) to recreate the perfect replica of Stradivari 's exquisite instrument . It started back in 1989 , when Sirr showed his first scans to luthier John Waddle . They spent the next 20 years scanning over 100 violins -- some common , others very rare and valuable -- as well as other stringed instruments to gain a better understanding of how they were made .
For the Betts scan , Sirr converted the CT images into stereolithographic files and fed them into something called a CNC machine . It 's used for wood-working , among other applications , since it can use those files to carve out a real-world version of the imaged object . That 's what Waddle and his partner , Steve Rossow did : they carved the front and backplates and scroll for the replica Betts violin , then assembled and varnished the new instrument by hand .
In Search of Stradivari 's Secret
Ah , but the good Dr. Sirr is not the first to use CT scanning to study Stradivarius violins . Back in 2008 , at a meeting of the Acoustics Society of America , Berend Stoel from the Leiden University Medical Center ( LUMC ) described his collaboration with a renowned luthier named Terry Borman . The two men put several Strads ( and some modern instruments , for control purposes ) into a CT scanner to study the materials properties of the wood out of which the violins had been made .
Why focus on the wood ? Well , several theories about why Strads sound so good rest upon the notion that it 's all about the wood used to make the instruments . For instance , some theorize that Stradivari used Alpine spruce that grew during a period of uncommonly cold weather , which caused the annual growth rings to be closer together , so the wood was abnormally dense .
The problem is that no two pieces of wood are exactly alike , so sculpting the wood -- delicately shaving the top and the back to get the best acoustical properties -- is critical during the violin-making process . A team of researchers from Mid Sweden University has been investigating computer models of violins for years , attempting to match in simulation that telltale Stradivari sound -- including simulating that sculpting process .
Another prevailing theory has to do with the varnish : namely , that Stradivari used an ingenious cocktail of honey , egg whites , and gum arabic from sub-Saharan trees , or perhaps salts or other chemicals . Joseph Nagyvary , a professor emeritus of biochemistry at Texas A & M University , made headlines in November 2006 when he claimed it was the chemicals used to treat the wood -- not necessarily the wood itself -- that was responsible for the unique sound of a Stradivarius violin .
Those chemicals included salts of copper , iron and chromium , all of which are excellent wood preservers but may also have altered the acoustical properties . He based his findings on studies using infrared and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy to study the chemical properties of the backboards of several violins . ( The backboard is the instrument 's largest resonant component . )
So Stoel decided to study the wood yet again , using the CT scan . See , it 's tough to study those woody properties without risking damage to this multimillion-dollar instruments . Stoel developed a computer program that non-invasively calculates lung densities in people suffering from emphysema , and adapted it to study wood densities from CT scans .
He found that while the average wood density of the classical and modern violins `` did not differ significantly , '' according to the accompanying press release , `` the differences in wood density between early and late growth were were significantly lower in the ancient violins . Since differentials in wood density impact vibrational efficiency and thereby the production of sound , it is possible that this discovery may explain the superiority of these violins . ''
Back in 2007 , I sat down for a nice long chat with George Bissinger , a physicist at East Carolina University who also studies violin acoustics . Bissinger had the big Stradivari announcement in 2007 when he presented the results from his own investigations .
Using a 3D scanning laser , he achieved what he said were the most detailed and quantitative measurements to date of the acoustic properties of the Strad violins featured in the study as they vibrate -- essentially mapping out how they vibrate to produce those heavenly tones . The measurements are so quantitative , in fact , that it 's possible to reconstruct the stiffness properties of the wood used to make the Strads , perhaps finally making it possible for modern instrument makers to replicate those unique acoustical attributes .
Bissinger is tall , slim , with cropped salt-and-pepper hair , and glasses , and while perfectly amiable , he 's not really one for casual chitchat ; he 's more the quiet , deep-thinking sort . He does n't exactly stand out in a room full of scientists -- until you get him talking about violin acoustics . Then he positively vibrates with intensity and becomes the most loquacious conversationalist on the planet .
That level of passion seems to be present in many who study Strad violins , never mind those who play them , like Joshua Bell ( although a delusional Jen-Luc Piquant swears his passion for her trumps even his love for his Strad ) . The Cremona craftsman would no doubt find this quite gratifying .
Conducting this sort of experiment with bona fide Strads is a major logistics undertaking ; Bissinger says it took him several years of careful `` networking . '' First , he had to borrow two of the world-class instruments from private collectors -- no doubt having to pry the cases from the owners ' panicked fingers on the train platform . Yes , I said `` train platform , '' as in , Amtrak . The instruments were brought to the lab by train in plain cases . Sometimes being inconspicuous is the best security in the world .
A violin organization generously footed the bill to insure the instruments for the 2-1/2 days of the experiment -- you know , just in case the scientists dropped one or accidentally destroyed their tonal purity . Bissinger also brought in three other , lesser violins of varying quality for comparison purposes .
For the experiment , he hung each of the five violins by elastic bands , then struck the wood of the top plate with a little hammer , recording and measuring the vibrational modes with the 3D laser scanner . Bissinger specifically wanted to measure the in-plane and out-plane motion : the in-plane motion is the source of much of the sound energy , and this converts into out-plane motion , which produces the rich tonal sounds we associate with fine violins .
In addition , he hired a world-class violinist to play each of the violins used in the study for an hour so , to get the feel of the instruments , and then offer his subjective ratings for each one . The musician 's subjective analysis was then compared to the objective acoustical data .
The Psycho in the Acoustics
Not surprisingly , Bissinger had a lot to say on the topic of what makes a Stradivarius violin so acoustically superior . `` The big secret about Stradivari is that there is no one secret , '' he insisted -- no elusive key or magical formula that , once discovered , will magically make it possible to reproduce the sound quality of a Stradivarius instrument over and over again on a mass scale .
Bissinger believes it can never be reduced to blind routine , because there are so many different factors that go into making a world-class instrument . It 's as much an art as it is science , '' he told me . `` You would n't ask Leonardo da Vinci to reproduce the Mona Lisa en masse , perfectly , every time . '' For Bissinger , an instrument maker is just as much of an artist as da Vinci : `` He is the bridge between the artist and the scientist , both of whom speak very different languages and have different concerns . The maker has to speak to both . ''
Certainly Stradivari was more than a simple craftsman : `` He had some kind of conceptual understanding of the science behind what he was doing , even though physics technically was n't around yet , '' said Bissinger . But he knew that doing one particular thing would have a desired effect , and he built on accumulated knowledge : each instrument was an improvement on the last , at least through Stradivari 's Golden Period .
But while Stradivari 's emphasis on geometry gave us the signature shape of a violin , Bissinger says there is little evidence this has anything to do with the famous `` Stradivari sound . '' After all , Guarveri also produced exceptional instruments and was n't nearly as fascinated by geometry .
Not every Stradivarius sounds alike , and frankly , says Bissinger , even a genuine Stradivarius violin is n't all it 's cracked up to be sometimes . The passage of time can exact a devastating toll . Many of Stradivari 's surviving instruments have deteriorated to the point where they are primarily collector 's items . Play a violin too frequently , and the parts wear down and must be replaced , altering the sound ; play it too little , and the sound deteriorates , too .
Most of the Strads still played today do not have all their original parts , although Joshua Bell prides himself on the fact that his Strad still boasts the original varnish . Still , even Bell adapts his playing to his instrument to get the sound he desires . Bissinger claims there is no `` perfect '' instrument , and Stradivari -- who devoted his life to the quest for perfection -- would probably agree .
As for the claimed acoustical superiority of the instruments , yes , they do sound lovely . However , `` There 's way too much psycho in the acoustics , '' according to Bissinger , referring to a subfield known as psychoacoustics . Basically , the very name Stradivari instills respect and awe , and this ca n't help but influence how people subjectively evaluate and/or respond to the instrument . `` The truth is , there are many very fine world-class instrument makers today , producing violins that can hold their own against the Strads , but their names do n't evoke the same awed reverence , and thus the perception is that they are not as good , '' Bissinger told me . In fact , more professional violinists play Guarveris than Strads , which have only become fashionable fairy recently .
Really , who wants mass-produced Stradivarius instruments , anyway ? It 's always been all about the craftsmanship .
Ironically , while he was still alive , Stradivari -- while hugely successful at his craft -- was not considered the best violin-maker in the world , although he certainly dominated the industry along with Amati and Guerneri . They were the Holy Triumvirate of the Golden Age of Violins , and after they died , the instrument entered into something of a acoustical Dark Age . Later instrument makers did n't share that all-consuming passion for improving the process to create ever-more-superior instruments : they just cranked out instruments the way it had always been done , with predictably pedestrian results .
Way back in 1819 , physicist Felix Savard observed , `` It is to be presumed that we have arrived at a time when the efforts of scientists and those of artists are going to unite to bring to perfection an art which for so long has been limited to blind routine . '' Here we are , almost 200 years later , still trying to map out all the details , still chasing down an elusive secret that might not even exist . Perhaps that ability to capture our imagination 300 years later is the true magic of Stradivari .
NOTE : Portions of this post first appeared on the old archived blog in July 2008 .
Deafheaven Knocks on Metro 's Door
Last Friday ( Oct. 30 ) Deafheaven played a nearly sold out show at famous Chicago music venue , the Metro . It 's taken a few days , but the ringing in my ears has finally subsided . This was the first time Deafheaven has played the Metro . While the band is no stranger to Chicago , they 've previously filled more intimate venues , like Subterranean . ( Filled them to an uncomfortable capacity , that is . ) In support of the new critically acclaimed album , New Bermuda , it was time for a bigger venue .
On tour with Deafheaven was Tribulation , and Envy . Tribulation , a swedish death metal band formed in 2005 , started the night off , mild corpse paint and all . Envy , 23 year veterans from Tokyo , slowed things down with their post-hardcore rock . What this culmination of opening bands lead up to was a show that I can honestly say just gets better every time .
Marking the thirteenth stop of their thirty North American Fall tour dates ( see dates below ) , passion for their trade , for their sound , was obviously flowing through this band . Forever embracing an intense crowd , frontman George Clarke ominously summoned the crowd to push forward numerous times . The result , if not obvious , was a movement filled , angsty pit . Surrounding it were more demure fans banging their heads in approval . And amongst this madness and intensity , guitarist Kerry McCoy , relaxed as ever , song after song .
If you were there , you know . But if you were n't , this should paint a picture of the culture that this band creates.The good news is that the tour 's not over . This was 10/30 , and after mesmerizing the U.S. , Deafheaven will head to Europe , kicking off overseas performances in March 2016 .
While you may chastise yourself for missing this show ( because you missed a good one ) , rest assured that while Deafheaven wo n't be back just yet for round II at the Metro , the lineup for the rest of the year is solid . Find out who 's coming next at the Metro right here , and when you come down , be sure to give a ‘ Hi ' to Roy . He 'll be awaiting your head nod .
Photos by Derek Georgevich .
Deafheaven North American Fall Tour Dates
You do n't have to let a rainy day spoil your fun . Next time the weather turns sour , sweeten up your day by trying these rainy day activities .
Coffee Shop
Rainy days are a great excuse to sit back , sip hot coffee , and read a new book . Instead of enjoying this relaxing ritual at home , head to a local coffee shop . These local hangouts are bustling with people , especially on a rainy day . Use the opportunity to try a new location and interact with some locals . As a bonus , many coffee shops have live music and daily events for a fun filled experience .
Looking for a Cafe near you ? Click here .
Art Museum
It 's fair to say that many artists go unappreciated . You can appreciate the arts by visiting a local art museum . Art museums are a great way to spend a few hours or even a full day . Utilize your time indoors by getting some culture , finding your favorite painting , and learning a thing or two . Art museums also feature myriad galleries with a wide range of artists and styles . Regardless of the venue , no two trips to an art museum are the same .
Find museums to visit , click here .
Exercise
A rainy day is no longer an excuse to be lazy . Nowadays , there are countless ways to get indoor exercise . You can try your hand at indoor adventure by heading to a local rock climbing gym . Or you could embrace the cold by trying out an indoor ice skating rink . Then again , you can always head to the gym and finally get to work on that six-pack . Resist the urge to take a day off and get some exercise . Your body will thank you later .
Need to locate an indoor rock climbing gym ? click here .
Paint & Sip Classes
Let your creative juices flow at a paint and sip class . This trendy activity allows you to become an artist while imbibing with your favorite wine . During these courses , you 'll follow an artist 's instruction while painting your own creation . These studios also allow you to drink wine while you unleash your inner Picasso . This is a great rainy day option whether you 're an expert or true beginner .
Check out wine events , click here .
See a Show
Rainy days can quickly devolve into Netflix binges on the couch . Instead of doing the same old thing , skip the reruns and see a show . You can always catch the newest release at a nearby theater . Looking for some laughs ? Head to a stand up comedy shows for some live comedy . These hilarious shows are a great option for a night out for when the weather is not cooperating . Then again , do n't forget about live theater . If you can find a last minute ticket , you can get a few hours of entertainment while forgetting about the crummy weather .
Ready for a laugh ? click here to find comedy shows .
Or…
you could always remember the love of puddles you may have had when you were a child and spend the day gleefully jumping , splashing , kicking up water and being carefree .
If you are still looking for ideas of what to do in your area then click here for a full list !
CHICAGO -- Bears coach John Fox inadvertently gave the ball away when he challenged in hopes of a play by running back Benny Cunningham being ruled a touchdown in the first half of Sunday 's 23-16 loss to the Green Bay Packers .
At 8:09 of the second quarter , Bears quarterback Mitchell Trubisky hit Cunningham on a short screen pass that he turned upfield for 23 yards .
Cunningham tried to score on the play but was ruled out of bounds at the 2-yard line , even though he extended his arms and hit the pylon in the front corner of the end zone with the football around the same time his foot made contact with the ground .
Fox immediately challenged the play , arguing it should have been a touchdown since the ball hit the pylon before Cunningham 's foot hit out of bounds .
Fox said following the Bears loss that he challenged the play because `` every indication we had was that he scored . ''
`` Obviously that 's a play that you 'd like to have back but that 's not how it works , '' he said .
But upon further review , officials said Cunningham lost control of the football before it made contact with the pylon , and referee Tony Corrente ruled the play a touchback and awarded the ball to Green Bay at the 20-yard line .
Corrente confirmed to a pool reporter after the game that Cunningham was ruled out of bounds at the 2 , and the call was changed after the video review to Cunningham losing the `` ball in his right hand first , probably , I 'm going to guess , 2 feet maybe short of the pylon . ''
`` We had to put together two different angles in order to see both hands losing the football , '' Corrente said . `` After he lost it the second time , it went right into the pylon . Which creates a touchback . ''
Cunningham said he thought it was a TD at first , but he agreed with the call after watching the replay .
`` Coaches go over it every week . Unless it 's fourth down , you do n't reach the ball out at the goal line , in the red zone , '' he said . `` They talk about it . I go down at the 1 , next play it 's first-and-goal and we hand the ball to Jordan ( Howard ) . It 's a touchdown . So it was a bad decision . ''
The challenge that backfired comes at a bad time for Fox , who is 12-28 since taking the Bears job in 2015 .
Atlanta ( CNN ) Rev . Raphael Warnock crouched forward in a back pew here at Ebenezer Baptist Church and wondered what could have been .
`` I 'm not afraid of Johnny Isakson , '' said Warnock of his Republican senator , at times distracted by the decades-old , muffled recordings of Martin Luther King Jr. 's sermons that echoed in this historic sanctuary . `` I 'm not interested in a symbolic candidacy . I would 've run to win . ''
A few hours later , the Democrat who is challenging Isakson instead of him , Jim Barksdale , tried to evince that same optimism speaking to a group of supporters at a Tex-Mex restaurant in Gwinnett County .
`` This is a winnable election . Do n't let anyone tell you anything else , '' said Barksdale , a 63-year-old soft-spoken investment manager and political newcomer . `` I would n't be in it if I did n't think it was winnable . ''
Barksdale , however , trails Isakson by 16 points in a Monmouth University poll released Monday , even though Donald Trump is up only 3 points ahead of Hillary Clinton . Georgia is looking increasingly like a missed opportunity for Democrats trying to win back the Senate -- and many fault Barksdale himself .
`` We were giving a godsend , I believe , with Donald Trump , '' said Barksdale supporter Leonard Ware as he waited for the candidate to speak in Gwinnett . `` If we had a stronger candidate , we could 've taken that Senate seat . ''
For national Democrats , Barksdale 's disappointing bid is part of a broader trend facing the party that came into 2016 with a favorable map of Senate races .
In Ohio , Ted Strickland has been hampered by repeated gaffes and fundraising woes that have led national Democrats to essentially abandon a once-top candidate in the homestretch . Democrats have begun to make similar moves in Florida , where Patrick Murphy -- once a young , impressive recruit poised to flip a GOP seat -- has suffered dearly for embellishing his background and given Republican opposition researchers a trove of material .
And here in Georgia , a half-dozen prominent Democrats passed on challenging Isakson , a decision that some in the party now rue .
Even with the tight presidential race , Barksdale is n't trying to capitalize on any anti-Trump sentiment in Georgia . He did n't mention the GOP presidential candidate when meeting supporters campaigning Friday and barely addressed it until CNN asked him about the top of the ticket in an interview .
That 's a far cry from the Democratic playbook that has proved to be moderately successful in other Senate races . Democrats have tortured GOP incumbents like Ron Johnson in Wisconsin and Richard Burr in North Carolina for their embrace of the nominee , and the poll numbers show it .
Part of his reticence is that Barksdale , a former Bernie Sanders-backer , says he believes there are issues where he agrees with Trump . And he predicted a slew of Barksdale-Trump voters this November .
`` It 's hard to imagine how somebody can pull the lever for Donald Trump on the Republican side -- who is so anti-the-establishment and anti-the-trade-things -- and then pull the lever for Johnny Isakson , '' Barksdale said .
African-American gap
Georgia Democrats have long seen their political viability as resting on the state 's booming minority population , and Barksdale 's campaign agrees . If he can consolidate the black vote and win 85 % of the community 's 2.1 million voters , Barksdale aides say , he can win .
The problem , revealed in a walk along this city 's historically African-American Sweet Auburn neighborhood : People do n't know who he is .
`` Black dude ? '' asked Paul Jones , a registered Democrat sitting on a ledge outside an abandoned park here , asked about the white Barksdale . `` Oh , no , I do n't know him . ''
Some here do know Isakson , and he is a revered figure in some pockets of Georgia 's middle class . At a major Republican call center in Isakson 's home base of Cobb County last week , nearly everyone calls on his behalf have some personal relationship with the two-term senator -- whether they teach his granddaughter at Sunday school or write to his personal email every few weeks .
And a trio of prominent Democrats , former US Sen. Sam Nunn , former Gov . Roy Barnes , and current US Rep. David Scott have all publicly backed Isakson , snubbing their own nominee .
Despite Trump 's struggles -- especially among independent women in the suburbs -- Isakson 's team is calm and confident , thanks primarily to the caliber of the man they are facing .
Their main concern is how much Barksdale himself plans to invest his campaign . He has invested $ 3 million so far , and he declined repeated questions about how high that total would go .
`` No question that our Democratic friends are kicking themselves , given how volatile the electorate has become , for not having recruited a candidate with a higher profile with a better set of policies and messages , '' said Heath Garrett , Isakson 's chief strategist said at their campaign office .
`` The flip is -- they have a candidate that 's willing to write a check , '' added campaign manager Trey Kilpatrick .
Man in the hat
Aside from not going after Trump , Barksdale has had other missteps that have cost him .
The list of grievances among Georgians against Barksdale is long : the time conservative radio ridiculed him for misspelling 'judgment ' on his campaign website ; his sparse public event and interview schedule , stripping him of needed exposure ; and his inability to effectively consolidate the Democratic base .
Barksdale is further to the left than the centrist Senate bid waged by Michelle Nunn in 2014 , who was thought to be a good ideological fit for Georgia despite being walloped in an open-seat contest .
His calling card -- the cotton Bailey flat caps that he wears each day -- has drawn criticism as well from Georgia power brokers .
`` I get a lot of compliments on it , '' he said . `` Everybody was worried that it would n't appeal within the , let 's call it , minority communities -- but it really does . ''
The cap has emerged as the signature emblem of Barksdale 's laggard campaign , with one soft-focus television ad featuring Georgians securing his cap over their hair ( `` Could I give you a good look here ? '' he told one grade-schooler here before revealing his balding head . ) His office in littered in cap imagery , with supporters imploring Republicans to `` send the hat '' -- not Barksdale , or as some call him more forgivingly , `` the man in the hat '' -- to the Senate .
National Republicans do n't send trackers to his events and have barely advertised against him as well .
Republicans concede that Isakson would have faced a stronger test if Atlanta mayor Kasim Reed , or rising star state Rep. Stacey Abrams , or presidential scion Jason Carter , had not so strongly resisted overtures from party leadership to run a race seen as winnable .
`` I had conversations with folks who were thoughtful about their request , and I was speedy in my response , '' said Abrams as she awaited a flight . `` I was very unequivocal about the fact that I had no interest in running for the Senate . ''
`` I thought seriously about it and I came this close to running , '' said Warnock , who said he wanted to remain at his church . `` This was not my time . ''
Several Democrats pointed to trends that explained Democrats ' candidate problems nationally -- poor showings in 2014 sapped ambition from some red-state hopefuls , while others made their decisions well before Trump 's struggles . Democrats did not land their first-choice recruit in North Carolina , and others have not lived up to the hype that came with their entrances into the race .
`` When you look at states like North Carolina , Missouri and Indiana -- which were places that no one thought were going to be competitive this time last year -- I think it speaks to the quality of the candidates that came forward , '' said DSCC spokesman Lauren Passalacqua , who would only characterize Georgia as `` another area that we think is competitive in a year when Republican have struggled . ''
Isakson , for his part , takes some credit for the Democrats ' A-team declining to challenge him . `` I 've made a lot of friends . And I try to represent all the people when I 'm in office , '' he said in an interview . `` I 'm grateful they decided to stay where their careers were . ''
Run-off in January ?
The biggest challenge for Isakson at this point is getting to 50 % -- the number he needs to avoid a run-off in January . The Monmouth poll has him at exactly that mark -- with a margin of error of 4.9 percentage points .
Isakson aides predict a runoff would cost each side more than $ 20 million , and it could become a national spectacle should control of the Senate hang in the balance .
`` If Johnny gets into a general election runoff , there will be money from all over the country that 's going to pour into Georgia , '' said Eric Tanenblatt , a longtime Republican fundraiser and power player here in the state . `` If Hillary Clinton were to win the White House , does she come down here to campaign for Barksdale ? ''
But that may be the Democrats ' best hope at this point .
`` I was not the likeliest candidate , '' Barksdale said . `` If anyone else had gotten involved that I thought I was credible , I would 've certainly let them carry the water instead of me . ''
NEW YORK — The United States said it will allow British oil giant BP to bid on new oil-drilling leases in the Gulf of Mexico due to go on sale later this year , less than two years after a devastating spill .
US offshore safety chief Michael Bromwich told lawmakers that his agency had determined that BP should not be barred from obtaining new offshore drilling leases .
Production on the available leases up for sale in December could reach 420 million barrels of oil and 2.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas , according to the Interior Department .
The explosion of BP 's Deepwater Horizon platform on April 20 , 2010 killed 11 people and caused the biggest maritime oil spill in US history .
By the time the well was capped 87 days later , 4.9 million barrels of crude had gushed out of the runaway well 5,000 feet ( 1,500 meters ) below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico . The Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation into the accident .
BP says it has so far paid out around $ 7 billion in compensation claims arising from the deadly oil spill .
Playing music is all I ever wanted to do . In 1968 , aged 17 , I quit school ( in Ontario , Canada ) and hitchhiked all over north America , busking and staying with people I met . By 1973 , I 'd made it to London and I travelled around the UK with just my guitar and the clothes on my back . I got an appointment at EMI Records and was signed to make a couple of singles . But my tracks never made the Radio 1 playlist and did n't sell . After six years , I moved back to Canada , busking again and earning enough to pay my rent .
I decided that getting a celebrity to endorse me would help people to hear my music . It had to be Muhammad Ali , one of the most famous men on Earth . I had heard his fight against Sonny Liston on the radio . I saw him refuse to fight in Vietnam and be stripped of his title . He seemed to me to be a man of fibre who would give up everything for his beliefs . So I started writing to him . For a year I sent tapes and letters but got no response . Then his office told me he was in Natchez , Mississippi , making the TV movie Freedom Road . I phoned every hotel in the area until one let slip that he was staying there , so I left a message asking for him to phone me .
Half an hour later he called me back . I could n't believe the moment had come – I had been trying him for a year . `` Please do n't hang up , '' I said . `` I want to come and play you some songs . It will take me three days on a Greyhound bus , but if I make the journey , will you listen to me play ? '' There was silence . I thought he 'd hung up . Then he said , `` OK , if you come down , I 'll listen . ''
I arrived at Ali 's hotel and was taken to his trailer on the film set which was packed full of people . I said , `` I 'm the nut who 's travelled three days to come and play you some music . '' He just said , `` What are you waiting for ? '' So I took out the guitar and played my song – a six-minute philosophical track called Child Of The Wilderness . He went crazy . He was banging his fist on the table and the whole trailer shook . `` This is great . This is fantastic . I 've discovered me a star ! ''
From that point on , I went everywhere with him . I stayed in his house in Chicago . Ali would show visitors his gifts from VIPs and African royalty . I was like his court musician and performed for guests . I saw Ali do outrageously kind things just to see the look on people 's faces . If he saw a mother with a buggy who looked poor , he would put money in the buggy , telling her not to tell anyone . As my mentor , the most important thing he taught me was that being kind is not just fun , it 's what we are in this world to do . I co-run a charity , The Kindness Offensive , with the same ethos .
He produced my album , Muhammad Ali Introduces Michel ( The First Flight Of The Gizzelda Dragon ) , in 1979 . Ali introduces me as `` the greatest singer of all time '' . We recorded a TV show where Ali spoke candidly about things , such as the first time he was kissed . When he introduced me on the show , holding my hand up like I was champion of the world , I had been part of his world for three years .
The album was meant to be released first in England . We had posters on the underground and radio adverts , but no one organised distribution and the album never appeared in the shops . Not a single record was sold . I went to London to try to sort it out , taking master copies of the album and TV show . But there was no reviving it . I was squatting in St John 's Wood , but I did n't realise the house was due to be demolished . One day I returned and wrecking balls were banging into the walls . The tapes were lost under piles of rubble . I tried to dig through it , but I was thrown off the site .
I was too embarrassed to tell Ali . He had given me everything I 'd asked for and I could n't trouble him again . It was better for me to step back . We never spoke again . I went back to busking . But I did n't know that the lead guitarist in the backing band had taken back-up copies of the TV show and album . This year , 34 years later , he posted a video online and a friend spotted it . It was astonishing to see it . I 've put the album on iTunes so people can make up their own minds . The most famous man on Earth predicted it would be a big , big hit . I 'd like to be able to see him one day and tell him he was right .
• As told to Alice Grahame
Do you have an experience to share ? Email experience @ theguardian.com
One of the most widely-discussed issues in the last week is the controversy surrounding the feminist punk band “ Pussy Riot. ” For those who were not aware , the three members of this band recently staged a protest in a Russian Orthodox church in the middle of mass . They were hoping to bring awareness to what they see as an increasingly aggressive and power-hungry President Putin . It was just announced that each member of the band has been sentenced to two years in prison on charges of “ hooliganism . ”
While their protest may have been in poor tastes , this is obviously an alarming development . It is no secret that Putin has been cracking down on opposition in Russia , and giving three young women a lengthy prison sentence for staging a protest is another sign that Russia is moving back toward its totalitarian past .
To get more information on these alarming developments in Russia , I turned to Freedom House , one of the most respected authorities on the state of freedom in the world . In their annual report they combine a number of factors to give every country a ranking of either “ free , ” “ partly free , ” or “ not free. ” In their 2012 report , Russia earned the dubious distinction of being “ not free. ” One of the most significant issues in that country is state control of the media , and Freedom House notes that “ in Russia , the state-controlled media bombarded domestic audiences with predictions of chaos and instability as a consequence of the Arab protests , with a clear message that demands for political reform in Russia would have similarly catastrophic results. ” Using the media to distort the image of the Arab Spring is alarming , but fits the trend of censorship and distortion in an increasingly state-run Russian media .
My most obvious concern here is for the people of Russia . But what about the possible impact on regional and international stability ? Some have argued that this is a positive development in that area – they claim that a stable Russian government will maintain control of their sizable nuclear arsenal and serve as a firewall against those who would push the country into conflict . While this is a valid point , it does not account for what happens after Putin . I may be in the minority on this , but recent evens should suggest that totalitarian regimes no longer have the “ shelf life ” they once did . The rise of the internet and mass-communications make it easy for opposition groups to both organize in their own country and network with those in others . This is what brought down deeply-entrenched governments in the Middle East and could very well bring down the Putin regime in Russia . Freedom House even indicated that the state-run media feared that very thing .
If Putin entrenches himself further , who will fill the power vacuum after he leaves ? What if Russia ends up like Egypt , where Mubarak has been replaced by military leaders who are reluctant to cede control to a democratically-elected government ? This would be particularly dangerous in Russia , where there are known Soviet loyalists and ultra-nationalists in the military leadership . This instability in a nuclear-armed state could post a grave danger to the rest of the world . Russia made a miraculous transition from the Soviet regime to the government of Boris Yeltsin in the early 1990 's , but we should not bank on that happening a second time .
The good news is that hope is not lost in Russia….yet . There are still elements of opposition in both the Russian government and Russian civil society , and taking down Putin now would not mean the collapse of the state . Though it is flawed , there is still a democratic infrastructure in place that could facilitate an easy return to ( at least quasi- ) democratic government . If Putin continues on his current trajectory , though , there is a good chance that will be lost completely . The window is closing quickly , but the people of Russia still have a chance to stop the country 's descent into totalitarianism .
Advertisements
BY : Follow @ chandlergillDC
MSNBC 's Mika Brzezinski criticized President Donald Trump on Wednesday for undermining the media 's message by creating his own facts , adding that the `` job '' of the media is to `` control exactly what people think . ''
Brzezinski made the comment on `` Morning Joe '' after co-host Joe Scarborough said that he agreed with a panelist 's view that Trump supporters are wondering why people are so upset over what the president is doing since he is implementing exactly what he campaigned on .
`` What Yamiche [ Alcindor ] said is what I hear from all the Trump supporters that I talk to , who were Trump voters and are still Trump supporters , '' Scarborough said . `` They go , ‘ Yeah , you guys are going crazy . He 's doing–what are you so surprised about ? He 's doing exactly what he said he 's going to do . ' ''
Brzezinski said she is concerned about what Trump 's presidency may mean for the media .
`` Well , and I think that the dangerous , you know , edges here are that he 's trying to undermine the media , trying to make up his own facts , '' she said .
Brzezinski then appeared to argue that the media 's job is to control what people think , adding that the president is interfering with it .
`` And it could be that while unemployment and the economy worsens , he could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think . And that , that is our job , '' she said .
Using remarkable technology to eavesdrop on the unborn child , it seems as if every day in every way we find that he or she is a remarkable human being . One study builds on another , and so forth , showing ever-greater complexity .
Using 4-dimensional ultrasound , a few months ago researchers from Durham and Lancaster Universities published a study of 15 healthy unborn babies that showed how the child 's facial expressions develop and become more complex as the baby grows . On the scans you can see recognizable facial expressions including what can only be described as a smile , followed by even more complex multi-dimensional expressions .
Researchers interpreted the behavior as babies “ practicing ” facial expressions . The article was published in the academic journal , PLOS ONE .
Just this past week , publishing in the journal “ Developmental Psychobiology , ” researchers found that that babies get better at anticipating their own movements as they enter the later stages of gestation . Put another way , “ For the first time , psychologists discovered that foetuses were able to predict , rather than react to , their own hand movements towards their mouths as they entered the later stages of gestation compared to earlier in a pregnancy , ” according to Carolyn Buchanan .
Here 's how Buchanan summarized the way “ psychologists at Durham and Lancaster Universities tracked movements in a total of 60 scans of 15 healthy fetuses ( 8 girls and 7 boys ) at monthly intervals between 24 weeks and 36 weeks gestation . ”
“ In the early stages of gestation , fetuses were more likely to touch the upper part and sides of their heads . But as the fetuses matured , they began to increasingly touch the lower , more sensitive , part of their faces including their mouths .
“ And by 36 weeks a significantly higher proportion of fetuses were seen opening their mouths before touching them . Researchers say this suggests that in later stages of pregnancy , the babies were able to anticipate that their hands were about to touch their mouths , rather than just reacting to the touch . ”
LifeNews.com Note : Dave Andrusko is the editor of National Right to Life News and an author and editor of several books on abortion topics . This post originally appeared in his National Right to Life News Today —- an online column on pro-life issues .
CLOSE After 14 years of city management , Theatre N in downtown Wilmington is now being run by The Mill co-founder Robert Herrera . Wochit
Buy Photo Wilmington 's Theatre N re-opened in the fall under the management of The Mill . ( Photo : KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
Occupancy rates were falling when Robert Herrera decided in late 2015 to open a large coworking space in the heart of downtown Wilmington .
And while some thought he was `` bats -- t '' crazy , '' as he puts it , The Mill is about to begin its third and final stage of renovations at the Nemours Building , where the company he cofounded now controls the entire fourth floor .
STORY : City out , private business in at Theatre N
STORY : A promising '17 for Hollywood 's Delawareans
Some might be saying the same thing about his decision to take over 221-seat Theatre N , which is now managed by The Mill after being run by the city for 14 years .
In an age when films are available for home consumption quicker and easier than ever , Herrera and The Mill just invested nearly $ 50,000 in a new digital projector , which allows high-quality films , sometimes as large as one terabyte , to be uploaded directly to an on-site server .
Buy Photo Robert Herrera , co-founder of The Mill in the Nemours Building , at the co-working space in March during renovations . His company manages Theatre N , which is leased from the Buccini/Pollin Group . ( Photo : WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
It brings the theater up to Digital Cinema Initiatives standards , allowing for films from many more distributors than ever before via electronic film booker CineConductor . ( Theatre N also has a 35mm movie projector for special showings of classic films . )
As some film festivals struggle to survive in the new media landscape and more people are watching films in their homes only months after they were in theaters , Herrera hopes his unorthodox instinct will pay off once again .
`` Just like analog is coming back , I believe that people actually want to be in the social setting of a theater . And the followers of these indie films are hardcore , '' says Herrera , a Dover-born architect , who now lives in Wilmington . `` There 's still a market for this and it is really important that we keep this in the city . It adds diversity . ''
The Mill 's early moves at Theatre N , which they lease from the Buccini/Pollin Group , have some movie fans downright giddy .
The theater was re-painted . Malfunctioning lights were replaced . Sound problems were fixed and a few additional speakers were brought in . A spiffy new website was created . Wi-Fi was added . And Bev Zimmerman , who manged the theater from 2002 until Dennis Williams became mayor in 2013 and took office , has returned . She once again curates the theater 's line-up .
For a devoted group of Delaware film fans , including Wilmington 's Berta Kerr , Theatre N is a local portal to arts and culture .
Buy Photo Bev Zimmerman , the manager of Theatre N , makes popcorn at the concession stand before a showing of `` Seasons '' on Sunday afternoon . ( Photo : KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
The retired former New York gallery worker had been attending films at Theatre N since it opened in 2002 . But when Williams ' staff took over the theater , she soon bailed like many others .
The film selection seemed to target a younger audience with less independent and foreign films , she says . And the sound was so bad at times that Kerr could n't even decipher the dialogue .
So when she heard Zimmerman was back managing the theater for The Mill , Kerr was the very first in line when it re-opened in October after a month-long closure for repairs and renovations .
`` I had written it off , so I went running down there right away . I saw two or three films that weekend , '' says Kerr , who also regularly travels to Philadelphia and New York to see art house films that multiplex generally ignore .
Theatre N generally screens two films each weekend with a new , more varied set of showtimes on Friday through Sunday . It is run by a four-person board of Herrera , Zimmerman , technical director Bob Weir and marketing and advertising manager Zach Phillips , who is also creative director of The Kitchen , a Wilmington-based commercial film agency .
Isabelle Huppert and Roman Kolinka in Mia Hansen-Løve 's `` Things to Come , '' showing at Theatre N this weekend . ( Photo : Les Films du Losange )
January 's film selections at Theatre N are a good example of what to expect -- critically-acclaimed films from the United States and beyond . This month 's schedule includes everything from concert films ( `` The Beatles : 8 Days a Week , '' `` Mumford & Sons : Live from South Africa '' ) and documentaries ( `` They Call Us Monsters , '' `` Seasons '' ) to foreign language films ( `` Things to Come , '' `` In Her Name '' ) and indies ( `` Denial '' ) .
The theater will also sometimes host special events , like when they open Sunday , Feb. 26 , for a free Academy Awards viewing party , complete with an Oscar pool .
Herrera , 31 , adds that indie films that target a younger audience will also be part of the mix , looking to draw from the `` hipster '' demographic : `` I think that 's important , too . ''
When the projector is n't running on Monday through Thursday , the space is used by The Mill for talks , meetings and , as Herrera teases , possibly even gaming nights like `` Halo '' tournaments . The theater is also available as a rental for outside businesses via The Mill .
The next major change will come when the theater moves to an as-of-yet undetermined membership model for their hardest of hardcore fans . Currently , films cost $ 9 each with matinees at $ 5 . Tickets are $ 7 for seniors and students .
Buy Photo Moviegoers watch previews before a showing of `` Seasons '' at Theatre N on Sunday afternoon . ( Photo : KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
The theater still sells beer , such as Dogfish Head , Miller Lite , Guinness , Yuengling and Stella Artois ( $ 3- $ 6 ) , wine ( $ 4 ) , popcorn ( $ 2- $ 4 ) and candy and nuts ( $ 1- $ 2 ) , along with soda and water . ( Coffee-drinkers are allowed to bring their own if they need a warm caffeine fix . )
Only three months into its new run , the biggest hurdle for Theatre N remains winning back the trust of patrons , who have experienced everything from crashed websites and missing movie listings to unscheduled theater closures , including its abrupt ( and initially unexplained ) shuttering in September ahead of The Mill 's takeover .
Zimmerman , who has earned the trust of many filmgoers thanks to her previous 11-year run with the theater , is helping make the case that a new Theatre N is back and worth a visit .
`` To a certain extent , we 're resurrecting . We have people who have been burned over the last four years with bad experiences , '' says Zimmerman , who also works as director of administration for The Grand . ( The Grand is also part of the new Theatre N partnership , but in a mentorship role alongside The Mill and The Kitchen , both young companies . )
Rachel Weisz and Andrew Scott in Mick Jackson 's `` Denial , '' which will be screened at Wilmington 's Theatre N this weekend . ( Photo : Bleecker Street )
`` It 's really going to take friends of theirs , word-of-mouth or some incentive to get them back , '' she adds .
So far , Kerr gives the new Theatre N two thumbs up , Siskel & Ebert-style .
`` It 's marvelous . It looks a lot more inviting , '' says Kerr , also a board member of The Delaware Contemporary in Wilmington . `` It 's very limiting , culturally , living in Wilmington if you ca n't see independent film . They did a wonderful job . ''
Contact Ryan Cormier of The News Journal at rcormier @ delawareonline.com or ( 302 ) 324-2863 . Follow him on Facebook ( @ ryancormier ) , Twitter ( @ ryancormier ) and Instagram ( @ ryancormier ) .
THIS WEEKEND
`` Things to Come '' : `` A philosophy teacher 's settled existence changes when her husband leaves her , and she sets out to define this new phase of her life and to rediscover herself . '' Starring Isabelle Huppert , who recently took home the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Motion Picture - Drama for `` Elle . '' ( Friday 2 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. , Saturday 4 p.m. and Sunday 3 p.m . )
`` Denial '' : `` Based on the acclaimed book 'Denial : Holocaust History on Trial , ' 'Denial ' recounts Deborah E. Lipstadt 's legal battle for historical truth against David Irving , who accused her of libel when she declared him a Holocaust denier . ( Friday at 5:30 p.m. , Saturday at 1 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. and Sunday at noon and 6 p.m . )
Where : Theatre N , 1007 N. Orange St. , Wilmington
Cost : $ 5- $ 9
Information : theatren.com
Read or Share this story : http : //delonline.us/2k4bXDa
A standoff over financial terms has prompted the bookstore chain Barnes & Noble to cut back substantially on the number of titles it orders from the publishing house Simon & Schuster , raising fears among other publishers , agents and authors that the conflict may harm the publishing industry as a whole .
Industry executives , as well as authors of recently published Simon & Schuster books and their agents , say that Barnes & Noble has reduced book orders greatly , to almost nothing in the case of some lesser-known writers . They contend that the move is damaging their sales . Authors say the retail chain has taken other steps , like not giving them display space or allowing book tour appearances in its stores .
Simon Lipskar , the president of Writers House , a literary agency in New York , said , “ Without pointing fingers , authors are being hurt by this , and I think it is despicable . ”
The conflict , which is being closely watched by other publishers , underscores the pressure on the publishing industry and Barnes & Noble as they try to compete with online retailers like Amazon . This is the first time that Barnes & Noble has used the sales of books as a negotiating tool , industry executives say . Amazon , which is known as an aggressive negotiator , has removed online “ buy ” buttons from books during negotiations before , most famously with Macmillan in January 2010 .
Significant growth in the number of Latino eligible voters has helped make the U.S. electorate more racially and ethnically diverse than ever this year . According to Pew Research Center projections , a record 27.3 million Latinos are eligible to cast ballots , representing 12 % of all eligible voters .
Since 2012 , the number of Hispanic eligible voters has increased by 4 million , accounting for 37 % of the growth in all eligible voters during that span . The Hispanic share of eligible voters in several key battleground states has also gone up .
Latinos have favored the Democratic Party over the Republican Party in every presidential election since at least the 1980s , but their electoral impact has long been limited by low voter turnout and a population concentrated in non-battleground states . Despite large growth in the number of eligible Latino voters , it remains to be seen whether their turnout will set a record in November .
Here are key facts about the Latino vote in 2016 .
1 Millennials make up 44 % of Latino eligible voters and are the main driver of growth in the Latino electorate . From 2012 to 2016 , 3.2 million young U.S.-born Latinos came of age and turned 18 , accounting for 80 % of the increase in Latino eligible voters during this time .
2 Among Latino registered voters who are “ absolutely certain ” they will vote , one-in-five will be voting for the first time , according to Pew Research Center 's National Survey of Latinos , published this month . Among Millennial voters , 36 % say they will be casting a ballot for the first time , compared with 9 % of non-Millennial voters ages 36 and older .
3 There are only a handful of competitive states in this year 's presidential election where Latinos account for a significant share of the vote . Out of seven competitive states , Latinos have a significant presence in three : Arizona ( 22 % ) , Florida ( 18 % ) and Nevada ( 17 % ) . Latinos make up 5 % or less of eligible voters in each of the remaining four : Georgia , Iowa , North Carolina and Ohio . At the same time , the impact of the Latino vote on the presidential race is lessened by the fact that more than half ( 52 % ) of all Latino eligible voters live in the non-battleground states of California , Texas and New York .
4 Hispanic registered voters have grown more dissatisfied with the nation 's direction . In 2016 , 57 % of Hispanic voters say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country , up from 50 % in 2012 . Among them , those born in the U.S. are more dissatisfied than immigrants , 63 % to 45 % .
5 A slightly lower share of Latino registered voters say they are sure they will vote this year compared with four years ago . This year , 69 % of Latinos are “ absolutely certain ” they will vote in November , down from 77 % in 2012 . In past elections , the Latino voter turnout rate has lagged that of other groups . For example , in 2012 Latinos had a turnout rate of 48 % , compared with 67 % for blacks and 64 % for whites .
6 Latinos have long viewed the Democratic Party as having more concern for Latinos than the Republican Party , but their views of Democrats have fluctuated . In 2016 , 54 % of Latino registered voters say the Democratic Party has more concern for Latinos than the Republican Party , while 11 % say the same of the GOP . Democrats have maintained this advantage since 2012 , though the share of Latinos who say Democrats have more concern for Latinos has declined modestly since then , when 61 % said this . About one-in-four Latino voters say there is no difference between the parties on this measure .
7 Hillary Clinton has more enthusiastic support from older Latinos than from Millennial Latinos . Two-thirds ( 64 % ) of Millennial Latinos ( ages 18 to 35 ) who back Clinton say their support is more a vote against Donald Trump than for Clinton . The reverse is true among older , non-Millennial Latino voters ( ages 36 and older ) : 65 % say their support of Clinton is more a vote for her than against Trump . Overall , more than half ( 55 % ) of Latino registered voters who back Clinton say their vote is more a vote for Clinton than against Trump .
8 Three-quarters of Hispanic registered voters say they have discussed Trump 's comments about Hispanics or other groups with family , friends or coworkers . Those who have discussed Trump 's controversial comments on Hispanics , Mexican immigrants and other groups in the past year have given more thought to the election and are more certain they will vote .
Category : 5 Facts
Topics : Hispanic/Latino Vote , Voter Demographics , Hispanic/Latino Demographics , Voter Participation , 2016 Election , U.S . Political Parties , Generations and Age
Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart speaks at a news conference in Chicago , Wednesday , July 19 , 2017 , where he announced the identity of James Byron Haakenson , of Minnesota , as one of the victims of serial killer John Wayne Gacy . The teenager had left his home in 1976 and was last heard from in August of that year when he called his mother and told her he was in Chicago . ( AP Photo/G-Jun Yam )
CHICAGO ( AP ) — After running away from his Minnesota home in 1976 , 16-year-old Jimmy Haakenson called his mother , told her he was in Chicago , then disappeared forever .
More than 40 years later , a detective from Illinois arrived at the family 's home to tell Haakenson 's relatives that at some point after hanging up the phone , the teenager crossed paths with serial killer John Wayne Gacy . Haakenson 's body , it turns out , was among dozens found in a crawl space of Gacy 's Chicago-area home in 1978 . But the remains were only recently identified thanks to DNA technology that was n't available then , the Cook County Sheriff 's Department announced Wednesday .
Gacy was convicted of killing 33 young men and was executed in 1994 . But the revelation about Haakenson is the latest turn in a yearslong effort to solve the remaining mystery surrounding Gacy 's case : Who were the eight victims authorities had n't been able to identify ?
James “ Jimmy ” Byron Haakenson 's body is only the second person that authorities have identified since Sheriff Tom Dart in 2011 ordered the remains of the eight victims exhumed and asked families of young men who went missing in the 1970s to provide DNA samples . The first was William Bundy , a 19-year-old construction worker from Chicago whose remains were identified weeks after the exhumations .
Haakenson 's family in Minnesota plans to come to Chicago to mark his grave .
“ One of the worst people in the world that walked the earth murdered my brother , ” his sister , Lorie Sisterman , who lives in North St. Paul , said Wednesday . “ You hope for something different , ” but she went on to add , “ I 'm so glad to know where my brother is . ”
Gacy is remembered as one of history 's most bizarre killers , largely because of his work as an amateur clown . The Chicago-area building contractor lured young men to his home by impersonating a police officer or promising them construction work . There , he stabbed one and strangled the others . Most of the victims were buried under his home , but others were dumped in a river .
Illinois investigators long referred to Haakenson as simply “ Victim # 24 . ”
Haakenson came to Chicago hoping to strike out on his own in a city far bigger than the community of St. Paul where he lived , Dart said . According to Sisterman , the teenager had finally made good on his angry vows to his mother that he was going to run away .
He was a boy , said Sisterman , who kept “ trying to find himself . ”
After bodies were found in Gacy 's home , Haakenson 's mother was suspicious enough that her son was among the victims that she came to Chicago to talk to investigators . But she left without any answers because there was no way to identify the skeletal remains without dental records , Dart said . The mother died a couple of decades later .
Dart said a nephew of Haakenson became curious about the uncle he never knew and earlier this year went online to see if he could learn anything . That 's when he discovered Dart 's efforts to identify the remains of the eight young men .
Dart said the nephew went to his father , Haakenson 's brother , and his aunt , Lorie Sisterman , and persuaded them to submit the samples for testing .
“ We got an immediate hit , ” Dart said .
Authorities believe the teen was killed in August 1976 , in part because of where he was found in Gacy 's house . Because Gacy was killing so many young men , his crawl space was filling up , forcing him to stack the bodies . Haakenson 's body was directly underneath Rick Johnston , who was last seen at a concert in Chicago on Aug. 6 , 1976 , and was on top of a still unidentified young man known as “ Victim # 26 . ”
Over the course of the investigation , the Cook County Sheriff 's Department has solved a number of cold cases . According to the department , investigators have located five missing persons who were alive and two missing persons who had died elsewhere in the country . For example , in 2013 , Dart announced that one person who submitted DNA had allowed investigators to identify remains found in a wooded area in New Jersey as a teenager who ran away from a nearby orphanage in 1972 .
___
Baenen reported from Minneapolis .
In America , everyone who is charged with a crime is guaranteed representation by a defense lawyer . Even people who ca n't afford an attorney can be appointed a public defender if they request one . There 's good reason for this : when people attempt to talk their way out of a criminal accusation all by themselves , they have a tendency to come up with defenses so weird and nonsensical they 're more likely to get confused looks from a jury than an acquittal .
Here are just five of the more bizarre defense attempts used by alleged criminals who unwisely waived their right to remain silent .
1 ) “ Aliens Dumped Me Here ”
Shutterstock
In Loganville , Georgia , police responded to a 911 call from a woman who claimed that someone was trying to kill her . They arrived at the scene to find the woman badly injured and an abandoned car in a ditch nearby with the keys still in the ignition . The driver who injured her was nowhere to be found . Shortly afterwards , a resident of the area called the police to report a prowler . When police arrived at the resident 's house , they found a very drunk Joel Lankford on the porch . Naturally , the officers suspected that Lankford was the one responsible for the hit and run earlier that night . However , he denied having anything to do with the car or the injured woman . His excuse ?
Aliens beamed him there , and he actually thought he was in a city 18 miles away . Unsurprisingly , this did n't persuade the police to let him go .
But , if you think about it , if aliens wanted to conceal an abduction then getting their victim drunk and framing him for a car accident would be a good cover , because no one would believe him . Hmmm ...
2 ) “ God Told Me To Rob Banks ”
Shutterstock
According to most religious traditions , taking stuff that is n't yours is strictly off limits . But when Christopher Bruce prayed for an answer to his financial woes , apparently a very different pro-stealing sort of God answered .
As Bruce drove his car one day , troubles swarming his mind , he pulled over to the side of the road to seek out an answer for his money problems . You see , as a convicted felon , Bruce had trouble getting a job and keeping his head above water . So he did what lots of desperate people do : prayed for guidance . He needed something he could do to finally put his criminal past behind him . Then the answer came to him : give a threatening letter to a bank teller and run away with their money .
He followed through with his plan immediately , making off with a stack of cash from a bank . Unfortunately , criminal investigators found him shortly afterwards at a hotel and arrested him . Hopefully he will come up with some better answers next time he tries to pray his problems away .
3 ) “ I Killed Him Because I 'm Half Vampire , Half Werewolf ”
Shutterstock
Just a couple hundred years ago , being a vampire was a serious crime that could get you tied to a stake . Now apparently it 's used as an excuse for criminal behavior .
16-year-old Stephanie Pistey was facing very serious charges after allegedly luring a 16-year-old boy into the forest so her friends could kill him . But she asserted that she should n't be held liable for her homicidal tendencies because ( in her words ) : “ I know this is going to be crazy , but I believe that I 'm a vampire and part werewolf . ”
Unfortunately for her , “ Not guilty by reason of vampirism ” is n't yet an actual legal plea .
4 ) “ A Van Full Of Ninjas Shot Me ”
Shutterstock
While this country faces a lot of problems , ninjas who roam the streets and shoot innocent teens is not among them . Some teens , however , have been misled by pop culture into believing that armed ninjas are a bigger nuisance than they actually are . That is probably what caused a 17-year-old Chicago resident to blame the stealthy assassins when he accidentally shot himself while playing with a gun .
After police questioned why he had a bullet wound in his groin area , he came up with a rampaging ninja story on the spot . The police , perhaps hoping that it was true , actually investigated his claim and tried to find evidence that skilled martial artists were at fault . When his story did n't add up , the teen confessed the truth .
After everything was cleared up the teen had to face a problem a lot more devastating than ninjas : a criminal charge for filing a false police report .
5 ) “ I Tried To Steal This Car Because Of Batman ”
justasc / Shutterstock.com
Philadelphia resident Micah Calamosca very badly needed a car , and he did n't really feel like paying for one ( maybe he did n't like dealing with car salesman ) . So he spotted a random vehicle , sat down in the passenger seat , and ordered the driver to get out . It was at this point that Calamosca realized he was very , very dumb and very , very unlucky . The driver stepped outside , drew a gun , and aimed it at the would-be thief . It turned out that Calamosca had tried to carjack an unmarked police vehicle , and the driver was actually a police officer .
You might think that the cops had him dead to rights , but Calamosca had an excuse . You see , The Dark Knight Rises , the third film in Christopher Nolan 's cinematic Batman trilogy , happened to be filming in the city at the time . So Calamosca said that he was just an actor , and the carjacking was just part of the script .
Since a ) that 's ridiculous and b ) there was n't a carjacking scene in The Dark Knight Rises anyway , he was booked on multiple charges .
And that 's how Batman brought yet another criminal to justice .
DISCLAIMER : It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit , employment , insurance , tenant screening , or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act , 15 USC 1681 et seq . Instant Checkmate does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency . The information available on our website may not be 100 % accurate , complete , or up to date , so do not use this information as a substitute for your own due diligence , especially if you have concerns about a person 's criminal history . Instant Checkmate does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy of the information available through our website or about the character or integrity of the person about whom you inquire . For more information , please review Instant Checkmate Terms of Use .
Willing to buy a diesel car ? Buy it now , before the government adds more taxes to offset the losses borne by petroleum companies selling subsidized diesel . Already under a lot of fire for high food inflation , corruption and policy myopia , the government is n't quite in a shape to increase the price of diesel . An alternative , thus , as suggested by a committee headed by former plan panel member Kirit S Parikh , is an additional excise duty of Rs 80,000 on diesel cars .
This would mean that no matter how much cheaper diesel is when compared to petrol , you would still have lost more money driving an oil burner , unless you travel to moon and back every year . It 's noteworthy that diesel cars are already about Rs 80,000 to Rs 100,000 more expensive than their petrol counterparts even in the small car segments . An additional duty of Rs 80,000 would mean that it wo n't make sense for short distance drivers to buy a diesel car anymore . Taxi operators , however , would still give buying diesel cars a thought based on the annual mileages logged by their vehicles .
The petrol ministry in its report has argued that the additional duty will help part fund the losses borne by state owned oil companies . Apparently oil companies suffer a loss of Rs 11.0 + on every liter of diesel they sell . The report also suggests that the step would help to reverse the recent trend where diesel cars are selling in much higher numbers than their petrol counterparts .
Would you agree with the suggestions of the report ? What would you have done had you been in the chair of the honorable Petroleum Minister ? Do let us know if you think there is a better way around .
It 's been over a year since the last major release of Unicorn , but I have n't been bored . Today I 'm happy to announce the release of Unicorn 3.0 and Rainbow 1.0 .
Unicorn 101
Sitecore development artifacts are both code and database items , such as rendering code and rendering items . As developers , we use serialization to write our database artifacts into source control along with our code so that we have a record of all our development artifacts . Unicorn is a tool to make serializing items and sharing them across teams and deployed environments easy and fun .
Unicorn takes advantage of keeping serialized items always up to date on the disk , which allows all merging to take place using your source control tool . Modern source control tools such as Git or SVN are capable of automatically merging the vast majority of item changes , which saves you time and reduces the chance of human error when merging .
Unicorn 3 is fresh off the compiler and brings with it a huge raft of improvements . This version brings its own serialization format and filesystem hierarchy that are far more friendly to source control and merge conflicts than the default Sitecore format . It 's also ridiculously fast - about 50 % faster overall than Unicorn 2 or Sitecore serialization APIs .
What else is new ?
In fact there are lots more new features added to Unicorn 3 since the what 's new blog post was written . Not just minor details either ! Read on…
Transparent Sync
This is a feature that demanded its own blog post ! Transparent Sync enables Unicorn to sync the serialized items in real time , completely automatically . It does this by using its data provider to directly read the serialized items and inject them into the Sitecore content tree . The items on disk are the items in Sitecore : it bypasses the database entirely for transparently synced items .
Seriously , it 's magic . Transparent Sync might be the best feature of Unicorn 3 . You should give it a try !
New Configuration Architecture
Previously Unicorn was distributed with its default example configuration directly in Unicorn.config . This was suboptimal because it encouraged modifying the stock config file and making future upgrades more of a merging challenge than they needed to be . In the new order , Unicorn ships without any configurations defined . There are two example configuration-adding patch files distributed with the NuGet package which you can duplicate and edit to your desires , and the README distributed with the NuGet package details what you need to do to get started .
Control Panel UX Improvements
The control panel has been redesigned to have an improved UX when there are many configurations defined . In the old UI , once more than a couple configurations were defined the page would need to scroll . The new UI reduces the vertical space for each configuration significantly :
The new control panel also has an experience for selecting only the configurations you wish to sync in a single batch :
For automated builds , you can also copy the URL on the sync button when you 've got multiple configurations selected in the control panel to run the same batch at build time . This is great if you 've got some configurations that you may not wish to sync during a CI build .
New Items Only Evaluator
This is an evaluator that changes the behavior of syncing to only write new items from serialization into Sitecore . Existing items with the same ID or items that are not serialized are left alone . This can be useful for example if you 're wanting to push some developer-initiated content items up , like metadata or lookup source items , that you want to always exist but once they have been created they become the content editor 's to do with as they will . A sample configuration that enables the NIO evaluator ships with the NuGet package . Thanks to Nathanael Mann for the feature request .
Exclude all children with the predicate
To exclude all children of an item simply add a trailing slash to the < exclude > like so :
< include database= '' master '' path= '' /sitecore/content '' > < exclude path= '' /sitecore/content/ '' / > < /include >
Visual Studio Control Panel Support
Recently a plugin for Visual Studio was released that enables you to run Unicorn syncs directly within Visual Studio . Unicorn 3 supports this tool out of the box , by simply enabling the Unicorn.Remote.config.disabled patch file .
The Unicorn Control Panel for Visual Studio requires VS2013 or VS2015 . It is developed by Andrii Snihyr - thank you for the community support !
TFS Support
Fellow Sitecore MVP and Connective DX'er Dave Peterson has written up a plugin for Rainbow/Unicorn that integrates it with TFS . TFS 2010 ( or server workspaces in 2012 and later ) have the unfortunate limitation that all files are locked by default . This interferes with Unicorn 's operation as it writes files as items are changed in Sitecore , resulting in errors .
The TFS integration hooks the TFS API to Rainbow 's SFS data store , causing it to actually check out the file Unicorn is about to write or delete before acting . You must use a 32-bit IIS app pool when using the plugin , as the TFS API is 32-bit only .
The TFS plugin is available on NuGet ; for installation instructions and the latest info see the README on GitHub
Documentation
The documentation in the README , comments in the stock config files , and verbiage in the actual control panel and logs have all been reviewed and improved . If you get confused by anything , let me know and I 'll make the docs better or the error message clearer in the next release .
Thank you
Unicorn is a project by and for the Sitecore community . I 'd like to thank everyone who 's contributed to the project in a major or minor way : without you , we would n't have this tool today . Thank you !
Overall 4 Story 3 Animation 8 Sound 6 Character 4 Enjoyment 4
Although I do n't really understand the whole animation style , where they suddenly change from normal , to chibi , from chibi to normal , I did n't really understand the purpose of that , I guess the animators wanted to add a cuteness factor to the entire thing , I suppose ? As cute as those designs were , I could have done without the constant switching . Thank goodness , they stopped doing that towards the end .
Also ... Another question that is learning in my head ...
WHERE . IS . THE . BOY . LOVE ? ! ? !
The main reasons I decided to watch this series , is because apparently it was a shounen Ai . There was barely any of it here . Only MINOR , very Minor flirting ! Can we all chant `` Top 10 Worst Anime Betrayals '' in big bold letters ? ? ? Because you might as well take away 'Shounen Ai '' from the tags because there was little to none of it here in this anime , I do n't know if I can say the same for the visual novel , but whatever , the anime did n't have any of it .
Overall , a very disappointing , and underwhelming anime , with a hard-to-follow story , and little to none boy love that it just leaves you unsatisfied .
This anime gets a 4/10 ( Meh )
Helpful highest point of this season or series.Although I do n't really understand the whole animation style , where they suddenly change from normal , to chibi , from chibi to normal , I did n't really understand the purpose of that , I guess the animators wanted to add a cuteness factor to the entire thing , I suppose ? As cute as those designs were , I could have done without the constant switching . Thank goodness , they stopped doing that towards the end.Also ... Another question that is learning in my head ... WHERE . IS . THE . BOY . LOVE ? ! ? ! The main reasons I decided to watch this series , is because apparently it was a shounen Ai . There was barely any of it here . Only MINOR , very Minor flirting ! Can we all chant `` Top 10 Worst Anime Betrayals '' in big bold letters ? ? ? Because you might as well take away 'Shounen Ai '' from the tags because there was little to none of it here in this anime , I do n't know if I can say the same for the visual novel , but whatever , the anime did n't have any of it.Overall , a very disappointing , and underwhelming anime , with a hard-to-follow story , and little to none boy love that it just leaves you unsatisfied.This anime gets a 4/10 ( Meh )
To say that this anime was disappointing , would be probably a huge understatement , because it was possibly the most disappointing anime 's I have watched all year . The story was very confusing , and hard to follow , the story and characters are very underdeveloped , then again what do you expect from an anime that each episode is only 3 minutes long ? Not much really.The whole art style , I liked , I actually did like the designs of the characters , allot of them were hot , especially the blonde military guy ... and the twins , and allot of the other characters , but yeah . The art style was pretty much the the
A place at the European Championship finals for the first time is within reach for his side , but injuries and suspensions have hit Northern Ireland hard
Their campaign has defied expectation and Northern Ireland must do so again to reach their first tournament for 30 years . Greece , floundering winless at the foot of Group F , appear ideal opponents for a team needing victory to finish the job but it is not only Windsor Park that is below capacity on Thursday . Michael O'Neill 's team are similarly depleted so tantalisingly close to history .
The building contractors redeveloping Windsor Park have installed an extra 1,500 seats since Hungary 's visit four weeks ago for the final home qualifier . They sold out in minutes , although only 12,200 will witness Northern Ireland 's penultimate shot at sealing a place in France with construction ongoing . O'Neill has also been working tirelessly to fill the gaps in his ranks .
Euro 2016 qualifiers : who can still reach the finals in France ? Read more
Kyle Lafferty , the leading goalscorer who has taken the team so close with seven goals in eight games , is suspended , as are first-team regulars Chris Baird and Conor McLaughlin . Jonny Evans is also absent with a hamstring injury suffered in West Bromwich Albion 's defeat at Crystal Palace on Saturday , though will remain with the squad in case he recovers – and is required – for Sunday 's finale in Finland .
O'Neill has cited a lack of suspensions and disruption as a key to Northern Ireland 's rise from second from bottom of their 2014 World Cup qualifying group to the summit of their European Championship campaign . “ Our bookings were really high in the last campaign and we had three red cards . When you have our player pool you just ca n't carry that , ” O'Neill said in the Faroe Islands last month . However , he offered no excuses , only the conviction that those available will seize their moment against Greece .
“ As an international player you write your legacy in terms of the number of times you play , the number of memorable performances you have and if you get the chance to go to a major tournament , ” said the Northern Ireland manager . “ These players can write their legacy by going to a major tournament .
“ The prize is great and it 's something the players are determined to be part of . These opportunities do n't come around for Northern Ireland players very often . I do n't think motivation has ever been an issue for this team , if I 'm honest . Even when results were n't going as well as we 'd hoped I never had an issue in terms of the effort that the players have given me . The belief in the squad is fantastic . ”
Victory would secure Northern Ireland 's first appearance at a European Championship finals and their first appearance at an international tournament since the 1986 World Cup in Mexico . They require two points from the remaining games against Greece and Finland to qualify after Lafferty 's stoppage-time equaliser against Hungary gave O'Neill 's team a better head-to-head record against the no-longer Mighty Magyars . Qualification can also be assured should Hungary fail to beat the Faroe Islands in Budapest .
The mathematics appear more straightforward than replacing Lafferty 's goal threat . The Norwich City striker has scored seven of Northern Ireland 's 12 goals in qualifying while his most likely replacement , Kilmarnock 's Josh Magennis , is yet to score in 14 international appearances . Nottingham Forest 's Jamie Ward is available , however , having missed the last double-header through injury . As bad as Greece have been in this campaign , losing home and away to the Faroe Islands and all four matches at home without scoring , they have been difficult to break on the road . Three draws in four away games have yielded Greece 's only points .
O'Neill said : “ All week the preparation has been around our strengths , what has made us successful in this campaign , re-emphasising that . We are the top goalscorers in the group and we 're unbeaten at home as well . It 's a case of belief . A case of trust among each other . That belief has grown game by game . ”
Watford 's Craig Cathcart is expected to replace Evans in central defence , with Paddy McNair of Manchester United likely to take Baird 's role as the midfield anchor . Aaron Hughes 's continued loyalty – he travelled from Melbourne for the last qualifiers and never played – should be rewarded at right-back . O'Neill , despite previous concern about disruption , believes he has the team to deliver a memorable night at Windsor Park .
“ Obviously the injury to Jonny at the weekend was a blow but one thing I have noticed in those three days , maybe more so than in the past , is that the squad is stronger now than at any time I 've been in charge , ” the manager said . “ I genuinely believe that we have the players to step in and deal with this game , in terms of dealing with the situation with Jonny not being available , and with the suspensions we have as well . ”
Steven Davis has perfected the art of maintaining perspective during his recent press conference appearances as captain . But there is no disguising what victory over Greece would represent to the Southampton midfielder – the finest moment of his career .
“ Without a doubt , ” said Davis . “ There 's huge significance on the result . It 's hard to sum up in words , really , what it would mean . We 're so close yet so far at this point in time . We 'd have loved to do it against Hungary but football is n't always that easy , we know that in Northern Ireland . We 're just embracing it . ”
Homestuck Ending Theory : A Story That 's a Puzzle
Hussie has described Homestuck as a story that is also a puzzle . But unlike how a puzzle normally works , the answers were eventually given to us in the comic , until now . In order for Homestuck to truly be a puzzle , it needs to be solved , written , and drawn in order to see a full ending ..
I 'm not saying that this was necessarily a good move on Hussie 's part , but it makes everything that has happened make more sense . It 's why we never saw Lord English 's defeat or John opening the door . It 's why the Masterpiece 's timeline has remained ambiguous . It 's why Collide ended on an ominous note . He left all of this open so fans could figure it out and fill it in .
There may be no “ right answer ” to the puzzle . Hussie may have his own solution , but that does n't mean it 's the only one . Maybe the characters stand next to each other under trees , maybe they go fight Caliborn , maybe they 're attacked by a God Tier Draconian Dignitary . Hussie left many possibilities so Homestuck could have many endings .
Many endings could be a good thing , because Homestuck has been such a big thing that no one ending could truly satisfy everyone . By allowing many endings to come into being , Hussie is giving everyone the chance for satisfaction .
In the first Newspost on Paradox Space , Hussie described his desires for the future of Homestuck :
As I work on finishing the story , I tend to think a lot about where Homestuck as a creative property goes from here . It 's hard to ignore the fact that it has turned into something much bigger than just a long , crazy story on the internet . It has a lot of fans , and there 's a whole culture surrounding it . Friendships have been made , lives have been changed , or so people tell me . Those who like HS are extremely fond of the characters , yet those characters are trapped - “ stuck ” if you will - inside a very particular narrative , which itself has been at the mercy of my ability to produce it.So when I think about the future of Homestuck , I envision projects which liberate the things people love about it from the story itself , and most importantly , from my intensive personal effort .
In addition , the Act 7 newspost , he asked readers to “ Draw their own conclusions. ” That could be directly requesting that fans create comics featuring their interpretations of what could come next . He knew how crazy and productive the fandom is , so he trusted that some would take action .
( Thank you to @ bladekindeyewear for pointing out these quotes , they were where this theory was born from )
Homestuck 2.0 could also be a part of Hussie 's plan . Fan content will be going on the Youtube channel , and that could include promotional videos or even animations for various ending projects .
Currently , there are several ending projects that I 'm aware of that are trying to emulate the MSPA style , as well as numerous others in different formats . Brief descriptions a few projects are under the cut .
@ hsactomega ‘ s goal is to take the story in a direction that it feels like it could have gone in had the curtain not dropped . Many shenanigans will transpire . ( IN PRODUCTION )
@ act8official is taking things in a different direction , and challenging the philosophy of the Alpha Timeline . ( IN PROGRESS )
@ mspainsadventures is apparently trying to fill in gaps in the story leading up to the ending . ( IN PROGRESS )
I have no idea what @ homestuckact8 is doing , but it 's probably different from what the others are doing . ( IN PRODUCTION )
The ascension of G2 Esports to the top of the European League of Legends Championship Series spring playoff finals was inevitable . Fans and pundits alike made that realization as soon as the squad ended its split with a 12W-1L series record , and 25W-8L overall .
`` Our old playstyle was that if we fell behind , we were trying to either come back really fast , or get snowballed on , '' said coach Joey `` YoungBuck '' Steltenpool . `` However , this split we 've been working on still being proactive , but also giving our opponents the opportunity to make the mistake . Once they step out of line , we 'll just grab them . ''
That approach had allowed it to recover from series deficits against Misfits , H2k-Gaming , Splyce , ROX Tigers , Kongdoo Monster and , most notably , Fnatic , twice during the season , and once during the playoffs . But it did n't work against Team ROCCAT . Or the Flash Wolves at the Intel Extreme Masters Katowice .
At that point , the squad simply `` loses gracefully . '' But that 's only if there 's no advantageous power spike ( some champion picks require a lengthier ramp-up time ) or if there 's no possible recovery path available .
`` Usually , the mistake does happen , and usually there is a point where you say 'we can fight in 10 minutes ' or 'we can not afford to drop our mid lane tower ' or 'we can fight for this inhibitor ' or 'we 're going to fight for the Baron , ' '' YoungBuck added . `` So you do set up something that you 're going to fight over , regardless of the gold difference . However , if they 're not contesting that , just give them a few extra minions , a few jungle camps . If you really have to drop a tower that is n't important for the game , then just let it happen . ''
Despite claims that G2 was inconsistent in the early game , the team worked on its weakness to prevent exploitation on the world stage .
`` We have a different theme each week on what we want to improve on , '' YoungBuck said . `` Usually , the theme is decided based on LCS performances or training in general . We 've had our fair share of practice on mid game and late game , and [ near the end of the split ] we 've found that our early game is lacking a bit . So we have training goals that are in regards to the early game . ''
Similar to fellow finalist Unicorns of Love , G2 Esports benefitted from its IEM excursion as the Flash Wolves picked apart the team 's flaws and showcased a more optimal way of playing the game at the highest level . One such discovery involved the Flash Wolves 's usage of top laner Yu `` MMD '' Li-Hung .
`` What we had to do after we watched our Flash Wolves games is that we needed to involve our top laner a lot more in setting up vision , '' YoungBuck said . `` Flash Wolves were doing it brilliantly , and we were not doing that as much . [ They ] allowed him to push in his wave , then group up with five people and have him around the team even if he has teleport , just to get vision , so that other people can not contest it . And they have to give up an entire side of the map , then let him catch the wave at our Tier 2 tower , or whenever the waves hits our Tier 1 , Tier 2 , Tier 3 tower . ''
But that was only one discovery among many that G2 made since its arrival in the LCS . During the 2016 World Championships , the squad discovered it could not rely on individual strength to take on the best in the world .
G2 Esports ' Jesper `` Zven '' Svenningsen ( left ) and Alfonso `` mithy '' Aguirre Rodriguez ( right ) . Courtesy of Riot
`` Even if we were n't consciously relying on it , we did n't improve enough as a team . [ We ] did n't focus enough on macro , '' YoungBuck said .
The squad 's early elimination was an electroshock that gave players and coaches the revelation that they needed change .
`` That was a big learning moment because after that , everyone said we want the next split to be different , '' he added . `` We have to do things differently . Everyone was clear on what they wanted to have differently in regards to how we wanted to scrim . Do we want to wake up ? Do we want to have more meetings ? Do we want to give more feedback to each other ? ''
As G2 answered those questions internally , it had developed throughout the split into a force to be reckoned with . More importantly , it remained decisive , in victories spearheaded by Ki `` Expect '' Dae-han , Luka `` PerkZ '' Perkovic , Kim `` Trick '' Gang-yun , Jesper `` Zven '' Svenningsen and Alfonso `` mithy '' Aguirre Rodriguez . Or in defeats , where no stone was left unturned . The squad grew past its reliance on only some of its elements .
`` Pulling the trigger for your team can be really difficult if you do n't have confidence in yourself or your teammates , '' YoungBuck said . `` In G2 , I think we have five people who are willing to pull the trigger . If they lose the game , they know they have four people next to them who maybe [ will ] flame them for five seconds , and then go 'everything is good , let 's just go on to the next game . ' ''
`` Everyone [ on G2 ] is willing to sacrifice themselves for the team , '' he added . `` Everyone is willing to say 'if you pick me this champ , I will have a lot of impact on the game ' and put themselves in a position where they have to perform . That 's really great , because if you have that in five positions , you can be really flexible in your drafts and in your strategy . ''
Resilience , adaptability , decisiveness and flexibility have carried G2 Esports to the finals , as it 's the best of 5 away from returning to the international stage at the Mid-Season Invitational . The Unicorns of Love represent the ultimate test in Europe -- a test that G2 has passed twice during the 2017 regular season and at IEM Katowice -- a test it faces once again , a trial among trials .
Former Rep. Ron Paul said the problem with Republicans and Democrats is `` way too much '' bipartisanship between the two and that they both believe in government solutions .
`` They both believe in government medicine , the spending in these programs . They believe in the same foreign policy . They believe in the same monetary policy . They believe in the welfare system , too . So it 's very bipartisan and they pretend there is this big difference , '' Paul said Wednesday in an interview with Dagen McDowell on the FOX Business Channel .
Paul also said medical care was delivered better when he was a practicing physician before the introduction of entitlement programs . He warned of the `` big bankruptcy '' in medical care .
`` Prepare for the bankruptcy , '' Paul said . `` It will come and we 'll have our way . We 'll get rid of government medicine . But under those circumstances , more people suffer than if we just legalize , you know , the right to take care of ourselves . People are n't willing to do that . I think we 're going to see the big bankruptcy first . ''
Paul , referring to the recent celebration of Independence Day , said we need to have another `` real revolution '' and `` revolt against the system '' that has been allowed to unfold for over a hundred years .
`` I think we need to have a real revolution someday and revolt against the type of system that we 've had . And I do n't think it 's just this administration and the last one , I think it 's happened for a hundred years and most people realize we just did n't get here overnight . It 's the progressive principles and is n't Republican principles , Republicans have not been good , '' Paul said .
FMR . REP. RON PAUL : My beef over the years and it continues to be that we have way too much bipartisanship . And bipartisanship is exactly what you 're talking about . They both believe in government medicine , the spending in these programs . They believe in the same foreign policy . They believe in the same monetary policy . They believe in the welfare system , too . So it 's very bipartisan and they pretend there is this big difference . All we have to do is put the Republicans in and they 're going to cut taxes , cut spending , cut regulations , we 're going to go back to the free market and we 're going to obey the Constitution . Well , that 's a fallacy .
I think we need a -- we just had the Fourth of July -- I think we need to have a real revolution someday and revolt against the type of system that we 've had . And I do n't think it 's just this administration and the last one , I think it 's happened for a hundred years and most people realize we just did n't get here overnight . It 's the progressive principles and is n't Republican principles , Republicans have not been good .
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
Now this is more like it . “ Onion Friend ” does n't have anything nearly as explosive as Garnet 's dissolution in yesterday 's episode , but it embodies pretty much everything I love about the show , from the very first shots of Steven putting a sandwich together . The care storyboard artists Lamar Abrams and Katie Mitroff put into the zoom in , quick the looks at all the specific parts of the sandwich , and Steven 's plotting eyes narrowing before he 's ready to feast ( or so he thinks ) pours out of each frame , and just looks beautiful . It 's small , it 's funny , it 's sweet .
Advertisement
Let 's put it a different way : I do n't care nearly as much what each episode of Steven Universe is about in the abstract ( though that 's certainly a consideration ) as I do about how it 's about it , and why . And the level of detail packed into “ Onion Friend ” and its subtle examination of the way people drift apart and grow to misunderstand each other is just delightful . Think about the way Amethyst initially glumly refuses to eat Steven 's empty container , then delights at the prospect when offered a similar meal by Vidalia . Or the way Onion 's inexplicable hiding in the cabinet at the beginning of the episode , strengthening our most horrifying preconceptions about him , reflects his hiding in the Guy sanctum at the end .
The power of “ Onion Friend ” comes , at least in part , from the way that it starts as small as possible , with Steven trying to make a sandwich , which he realizes , like any of the Gems , is n't strong enough to make a meal solo . ( “ Wait , I ca n't eat such a perfect sandwich all on its own ! It needs a side. ” ) Details about the state of the temple—like Amethyst 's full transformation into angry , depressed Sally Draper—are thrown in , but left to simmer until we get to the meat of the episode , after Steven and Amethyst chase Onion back to a garage full of paintings of Amethyst . The portraits appear really strange at first , especially because at first we assume Onion is the one painting them . Is he just obsessed with Amethyst ? Is that why he treats Steven so oddly ? It 'd make sense , especially since the show has tackled romantic fascination with the Gems before , and could be approaching it from a new angle . But , instead , it turns out they 're by Vidalia , Onion 's mom and Amethyst 's old friend from the O.G . Greg days .
Admittedly , there are some continuity questions here raised by the revelation of the relationship . Does Amethyst not remember any of the times she 's encountered Sour Cream around Steven , or acknowledge him as Vidalia 's son ? How the hell could they not have interacted for so long in a town so small ? There are probably plausible answers to these queries ( and I 'm sure I 'll hear them ) , but they do n't matter , because the way “ Onion Friend ” uses the dusty friendship to address the passage of time is really great . Vidalia and Amethyst describe youthful indiscretion in language just oblique enough to embarrass Steven with the implication of the unknown while still hinting at cool stuff for the audience to imagine . Their laughter and banter is fantastic , and it 's really not hard to imagine them painting the town purple . “ You do n't know what I 've done in these shoes ! ” Vidalia quips .
Advertisement
We get a ton of backstory , expertly delivered here . As some people predicted back in “ Story For Steve , ” Marty , Greg 's old manager , is Sour Cream 's father , while Vidalia married Yellowtail and had Onion afterward . Some of this is kept to a low murmur during Steven and Onion 's confrontation over the food-Steven ( you can pretty clearly hear their conversation , if you listen hard enough ) , mimicking perfectly the way that kids can choose to focus on things right in front of them while missing , for obvious reasons , the much more adult , sadder stuff happening around them . Steven 's confusion with Onion ( “ Why do you hate food ? ” ) is another variation on this , as he ventures deeper and deeper into the bizarre house .
The ensuing sequence develops this amazing little rhythm of escalating weirdness , as Onion first tries to force Steven to feed a cute little mouse to his pet snake , then shows him a video of Onion 's own birth ( that he got as a present from Vidalia ) . It 's super creepy and plays into the horror of Onion 's silence , but you can sort of get a sense for why the kid is the way he is—his father is rarely home , and while Vidalia seems like a pretty excellent mother , she 's also a pretty lax hippie parent-type who is cool with the fact that her son does n't talk that much . Sure , why would n't he son feed mice to a snake and watch his own birth ? That 's normal , right ?
Steven 's discomfort—or , perhaps more directly , our discomfort—is treated largely as comic and not given much weight , appropriately . This is all about Steven coming in contact with something fundamentally different from himself , and trying to understand another person 's perspective , or even the fact that they really are another person . I use “ they ” because , of course , I 'm also talking about Amethyst . When Steven finally agrees to go to Onion 's weird room ( “ Okay Onion , let 's do this . Whatever weird or horrible thing you have planned for me , I can take it. ” ) it 's because he wants Amethyst to be able to spend the time with her old friend , and acknowledges that he is n't the most important person in the room . ( There 's the Steven we know and love ! )
Advertisement
Vidalia and Amethyst 's conversations echo Steven and Onion 's interactions , showing off the ways we perceive others in relation to ourselves . Amethyst considered herself a “ dumb sponge following you around , ” while Vidalia found that Amethyst was a model of strength and a guide for her own life . Neither of them are wrong—we always perceive others differently than ourselves , since we do n't have the luxury ( or misfortune ) of being inside their heads , and only have their words and actions to go on . Trying to reach a middle ground of understanding might lead to Vidalia becoming a more important character as she and Amethyst rekindle their friendship , and it might lead to a possible resolution for Garnet and Pearl as we approach the end of the week .
Stray observations :
I 'm using a photo from “ Onion Trade ” because the file I have from Cartoon Network is n't working right now , will update as soon as I get a new one .
Sorry if these have been a little hasty—I honestly have n't had nearly as much time as I 'd like to write them , but I 'm hoping that at the end of the week and going into next week , we can all have a fuller , deeper conversation about where the show is at .
The small scope of this one is really remarkable , when you consider how much happened in the last two episodes .
Guys ! Gals ! KAREN ! ( Also Invisible Guy . )
Lamar is largely the brains behind Onion . I think I am going to start referring to him in these reviews ( for episodes about Onion , at least ) as Lord Onion Peeler . For no real reason . Okay , bye .
Under the 2015 Paris Agreement , nations pledged to keep the average global temperature rise to below 2C above pre-industrial levels and to take efforts to narrow that increase to 1.5C . To meet those goals we must not only stop the increase in our greenhouse gas emissions , we must also draw large amounts of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) from the atmosphere .
The simplest , most cost effective and environmentally beneficial way to do this is right under our feet . We can farm carbon by storing it in our agricultural soils .
Soils are traditionally rich in carbon . They can contain as much as five per cent carbon by weight , in the form of soil organic matter — plant and animal matter in various stages of decomposition .
But with the introduction of modern agricultural techniques , including the plow , soil organic matter content has dropped by half in many areas of the world , including parts of Canada . That carbon , once stored in the ground , is now found in the atmosphere and oceans as CO2 and is contributing to global warming .
The organic compounds found in soil are the glue that hold soil particles together and help give the soil structure . Like the walls of a building , this structure creates openings and passageways that allow the soil to conduct and store water , contain air , resist soil erosion and provide a habitat for soil organisms .
Plowing breaks apart soil aggregates and allows microorganisms to eat the soil organic compounds . In the short-term , the increased microbial activity releases nutrients , boosting crop productivity . In the long-term the loss of structure reduces the soil 's ability to hold water and resist erosion . Ultimately , crop productivity drops .
How can we make soil organic matter ?
First and foremost , we need to disturb soil less . The advent of no-till and reduced tillage methods have allowed us to increase the carbon content of soils .
No-till and direct-seeding methods place the seed directly into the soil , minimizing the disturbance associated with seedbed preparation . The lack of disturbance allows the roots and crop residues from the previous crops to form soil organic matter . It reduces the degradation of the soil organic matter already present in the soil .
In Canada , we are already benefiting from reduced tillage . In the Prairies , no-tillage agriculture has increased from less than five per cent of the land area in the early 1990s to almost 50 per cent in 2006 .
The situation is a bit more complex in Eastern Canada . The region 's soil type and climate make it less easy to build soil organic matter . At Dalhousie 's Atlantic Soil Health Lab , we are exploring the potential of various cropping practices to increase soil organic matter content in the soils of Atlantic Canada . While the potential to store carbon may not be as great as in Western Canada , the benefits of increased soil organic matter content are far greater because of the critically low levels of organic matter .
Secondly , we can use more diverse crop rotations . Forage crops — such as grasses , clovers and alfalfa — penetrate the soil with extensive root systems that lead to the formation of soil organic matter . Short rotations dominated by crops that have poor root systems ( corn , soybeans ) are not effective in building soil organic matter .
Farmers can also build soil organic matter by adding organic amendments such as animal manure , composts , forestry residues ( wood chips ) or biosolids to the soil .
Using the right amount of fertilizer is also important . Fertilizers can improve plant growth , lead to larger roots and add more plant matter to the soil in the unharvested portion of the crop . However , too much nitrogen fertilizer can result in the production of the powerful greenhouse gas nitrous oxide and offset the benefit of increased soil organic matter formation .
Farmers need economic incentives
Project Drawdown , a non-profit organization that researches solutions to global warming , has estimated that global farmland restoration ( building soil organic matter ) could remove 14 gigatones ( billion tonnes ) of CO2 .
This would reduce the CO2 in the atmosphere below the current 400 parts per million — a level unpassed for several million years — while developing more fertile , resilient soils to feed people for years to come and keep forests intact .
These approaches seem like obvious solutions . Why are they not more widely adopted ? The short answer is economics .
The benefits of drawing down CO2 and building soil organic matter play out over decades . But the costs associated with these practices often do not have increased returns in the short-term .
Farmers often make decisions in response to short-term economic pressures and government policies . Improved soil management is a public good . We need economic tools and short-term incentives that encourage producers to adopt these practices for the good of all .
AMD today revealed its new fourth generation GCN architecture , dubbed Polaris , offering a substantial leap in power and efficiency . Comparing an unannounced GPU product against the Nvidia 's GTX 950 running Star Wars Battlefront at medium settings at 1080p60 , AMD says that its new architecture offers a 61 per cent reduction in power consumption , requiring 84W vs Nvidia 's 140W .
We could spend the rest of this article listing the caveats that should accompany this particular comparison , but the main takeaway is that 2016 is going to be hugely exciting for graphics technology - and that 's mainly down to both AMD and Nvidia embracing a new form of chip fabrication technology .
Since 2011 , both companies have used 28nm production - meaning that each transistor on the chip is one billionth of a metre long . While the process has been refined since then , it 's fair to say that both companies had hit a brick wall in getting more out of the existing technology . This year , moving to a 16nm 'FinFET ' process is finally possible - with the larger planar transistors of the old process giving way to the smaller '3D ' transistors in the new production technology .
So what does that mean for gamers ? The bottom line is simple : GPUs comparable with the current generation can be smaller and more power efficient - as AMD is attempting to demonstrate with its Polaris vs GTX 950 Battlefront comparison . But more to the point , this also means that larger chips with the same levels of power consumption as existing GPUs can pack on far , far more transistors , meaning much more processing power .
We were sent this information way ahead of time , and AMD is n't giving anything specific away with regards its plans for Polaris in terms of actual Radeon products , but more details may emerge as the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) progresses in Las Vegas . We 've embedded the complete presentation AMD supplied below :
So what do we know ? The fourth generation of the GCN architecture features extensive improvements , including a primitive discard accelerator , hardware scheduler , instruction pre-fetch , improved shader efficiency and better memory compression . AMD catches up with Nvidia with support for HDMI 2.0a , plus there 's DisplayPort 1.3 compatibility . Media functions are bolstered with support for the HEVC codec - we 're promised real-time onboard encoding at 4K60 . We expect that decode also follows that spec too ( as the Fury products support it already ) .
Final Fantasy 15 guide and walkthrough How to tackle the open-world 's many quests and activities
But it 's the massively improved power efficiency that is compelling here : AMD reckons that Polaris is going to mean big things gaming notebooks , small form factor desktops and full-on graphics card with less onerous power requirements ( and fewer power connectors ) . It has specifically targeted 'console calibre ' performance for 'thin and light ' laptops - great news , bearing in mind that PS4 and Xbox One define the baseline for most modern triple-A titles . The ability to have that kind of performance in smaller form factor notebooks can only be a good thing .
Polaris GPUs are planned for release in Q2 this year , meaning that the earliest we 'll see them is April . We expect to see Nvidia 's rival tech - codenamed Pascal - to arrive in the same time window . We 're particularly interested in seeing the higher-end products from both firms that should be paired with HBM memory technology - but the recent reveal of higher bandwidth GDDR5X also gives AMD and Nvidia new VRAM options for their next-gen graphics technology . On top of that , we should see more utilisation of DirectX 12 , meaning even higher levels of performance - exactly what we need with the upcoming arrival of high-end virtual reality in the same timeframe .
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines . It is only visible to you . If you believe your item has been removed by mistake , please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with LISA . Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within LISA .
Current visibility : Hidden This item will only be visible to you , admins , and anyone marked as a creator .
Current visibility : Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you , your friends , and admins .
105 ratings Joyful en Español . By ZAMPABOLLOS DE MIERDA En esta guía enseño a como descargarse e instalar Lisa : The Joyful en español . Rate Favorite Favorited Unfavorite Share This item has been added to your Favorites
Created by ZAMPABOLLOS DE MIERDA
Last Online 2 hrs , 11 mins ago Posted Updated Dec 12 , 2015 @ 7:11am Dec 24 , 2016 @ 7:51am 1,114 Unique Visitors 61 Current Favorites Guide Index Overview Instalación Apuntes Sobre La Traducción Comments
April showers have given way to ... May showers and thunderstorms . With all the electricity in the air , it is natural to ask , `` Can I use this stuff to power my hairdryer ? '' Famous madman genius Nikola Tesla certainly pondered this idea .
Each year about one and-a-half billion lightning flashes occur in our atmosphere . Approximately one in four of these bolts blasts the ground . Some land in Kansas , some strike Buenos Aires and more rain down on the Congo than anywhere else in the world .
Frequency of lightning across the planet ( NASA Earth Observatory )
An average bolt of lightning , striking from cloud to ground , contains roughly one billion ( 1,000,000,000 ) joules of energy . This is no small amount , enough to power a 60-watt lightbulb for six months plus a forgotten open door refrigerator for a day . In the forms of electricity , light , heat and thunder , this energy is all released by the flash in a matter of milli- or even microseconds . From here let 's consider the practical potential of lightning is as a power source .
Thus , all the lightning in the entire world could only power 8 % of US households . At best . The average American household ( with its 2.59 inhabitants ) consumes 41 billion ( 4.14 * 10^10 ) joules each year . If your house ran on lightning alone , it would have to be struck more than 40 times per year ! There are 114 million ( 1.14 * 10^8 ) households in America . Multiply these two numbers , and you have 4.72 * 10^18 joules of energy per year . Every lightning bolt on Earth in one year , captured perfectly with no loss of energy , would contain about 4 * 10^17 joules of energy .
Could this few percent be realistically used ? To answer this , we need to look at the practicalities of capturing and using the energy . First , we can imagine that the United States would probably have to restrict itself to domestic lightning sources . This limits us to about 30 million bolts per year . Now we can only power about 0.6 % of our households .
How about the electrical engineering required to transform a lightning flash into a spark in a wall outlet ? The greatest challenge here is that all of the lightning 's energy is transferred in tiny fractions of a second . This means we must have an incredibly large battery ( or capacitor ) that can charge up instantly when the lightning strikes , then slowly and steadily let out the bottled up power when asked . Devices with these capabilities are both difficult to produce and very inefficient . Physics tells us that we can not store and retrieve this energy with 100 % efficiency . In fact , we lose the majority of the energy we are converting in nearly every process . Compounding the limited total energy and the difficulty and loss in accessing it , we can barely create a tiny fraction of a percent of the power that we use every day from atmospheric lightning .
It just got really real . That 's the word on the street , anyway , if you believe the political media 's narrative that Hillary Clinton 's campaign is in a full panic over the tightening of the race in Iowa and a recent poll from New Hampshire that shows Bernie Sanders with a 27 point lead over Clinton in that state . Witness , for example , this tweet from The New York Times ‘ Jonathan Martin :
McCaskill WIELDS A KNIFE : GOP is nice to Bernie because “ they ca n't wait to run an ad with a hammer and sickle ” https : //t.co/0TAOcmTnyX — Jonathan Martin ( @ jmartNYT ) January 20 , 2016
Martin is referring to a pretty strong quote from Senator Claire McCaskill ( D-MO ) , who was keeping it 100 in a new NYT piece , one of several such quotes in the story :
“ The Republicans wo n't touch him because they ca n't wait to run an ad with a hammer and sickle , ” said Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri , a supporter of Mrs. Clinton 's . … “ Here in the heartland , we like our politicians in the mainstream , and he is not — he 's a socialist , ” said Gov . Jay Nixon of Missouri , who is term-limited and working to elect a Democratic successor . “ He 's entitled to his positions , and it 's a big-tent party , but as far as having him at the top of the ticket , it would be a meltdown all the way down the ballot. ” … “ It [ a Sanders ticket ] would n't be helpful outside Vermont , Massachusetts , Berkeley , Palo Alto and Ann Arbor , ” said Representative Steve Cohen , Democrat of Tennessee .
The problem with this part of the narrative is that McCaskill has been sticking Bernie with that same knife for damn near most of this campaign . She went on Morning Joe back in July and said essentially the same thing , only less catchily . Sanders fans took it badly then , and they 're taking it badly now . Democratic Underground calls McCaskill an “ attack dog ” and says she 's implying he 's a communist .
Now , I hate that “ here in the heartland ” ( translation : whiteland ) shit more than the next guy , but McCaskill and Nixon are right , their constituents , and Americans in general , are easy to frighten with things like “ Democratic Socialist , ” which is the nicest thing Republicans will call Bernie once they decide to campaign against him . He 'll be lucky if it 's just a hammer and sickle , and not a mass grave outside of a gulag .
That 's not to say there are no signs of nervousness out of Clinton 's camp , but this is n't one of them . Campaigns intensify when the voting is about to start , that 's normal . There have been a few wild swings at Sanders recently , but by and large , they 've held it together . If you want to see what a panicking campaign looks like , you had a perfect reminder of one at last night 's Donald Trump rally .
This is an opinion piece . The views expressed in this article are those of just the author .
Shiite vs. Sunni . Red state vs. Blue state . Immigrant vs. native .
While it may appear that conflict is an inevitable part of interaction between groups , research actually suggests that fighting , hating and contempt between groups is not a necessary part of human nature , according to an Ohio State University professor of psychology .
“ There 's still this belief that a group 's cohesion depends on conflict with other groups , but the evidence does n't support that , ” said Marilynn Brewer of Ohio State .
“ Despite evidence to the contrary , you still see this theory in the research literature and in many textbooks . ”
Brewer has spent much of her career studying “ ingroups ” – the groups we belong to – and their relations with “ outgroups ” – those groups to which others belong .
She discussed the nature of these intergroup relations in her address Saturday August 18 in San Francisco at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association .
In her address , Brewer said recent evidence suggests that people 's attachment to their ingroups has nothing to do with conflict – or indeed any other kind of relation – to other groups .
Instead , people join groups to find a place of trust and security .
“ Simply put , we prefer people of our kind , people we know we can rely on . That does n't mean you have to hate anyone else . But you will be more likely to trust people from your own group , ” Brewer said .
In one recent study , for example , Brewer found that people tended to put more trust in total strangers when they learned this stranger attended the same university they did .
“ All you need is to have that shared group identity , ” she said .
The evolutionary history of humans suggests there is no need to require intergroup conflict to account for the formation of ingroups . Early humans did n't live under dense population conditions in which groups had to compete for local resources .
Given the costs of fighting , and the lack of need to compete , groups would have been more likely to flee from each other rather than fight .
That does n't mean ingroup bias is benign , Brewer said . Ingroup bias is the basis for discrimination , the favoring of people in your group over those in another .
“ You do n't have to hate people from other groups in order to disadvantage them and to deny them the opportunities you have in your group , ” she said . “ That 's a real downside to ingroup bias . ”
Another common misconception about the formation of groups is that people join to boost their self-esteem . In other words , the argument is that the purpose of joining groups is to say “ my group is better than your group. ” Again , research disproves this theory , Brewer said .
“ The basic underlying mechanism for ingroup favoritism is trust and security and not self-esteem , ” she said .
Research has shown that when people are asked why their ingroup is better than other groups , they focus on traits such as trustworthiness , friendliness and kindness .
People do n't necessarily say their group is wealthier or smarter or more successful than others .
“ Most people are reality bound . They know if their group is not as good as others when it comes to things like wealth , and they wo n't pretend otherwise , ” Brewer said .
“ If people were just looking for self-enhancement , they would just say their group is the best at everything , and that is n't the case . What people are really looking for is trust and security . ”
While conflict and hate do n't need to be a part of group membership , a look at the news today shows that conflict does occur often , when groups battle over resources , or threats to identity or values .
When people are secure about their own identity and the identity of their group , and there is no competition for resources , conflict is not normally a problem . But if people are insecure about what their group means , or their place in it , they may support conflict as a way to enhance cohesion within the group , Brewer said .
That suggests that marginal members of a group – those who feel least included – will be the ones most concerned about keeping distance between groups and pushing hostility toward outgroups .
One way to minimize conflict between groups may be to take advantage of the fact that people belong to many groups with cross-cutting memberships , Brewer said . People have their national and racial identities , occupational and religious groups , school or alumni groups , as well as neighborhood , hobby and club affiliations .
“ People have these different group identities and we 've been working on ways to find out how people understand these memberships and how it affects their attitudes toward other groups , ” she said .
“ We do find that those people who have multiple identities and experience these identities in complex , cross-cutting ways , are indeed more accepting of diversity and have more positive feelings toward racial and religious outgroups . That suggests that there are psychological ways of breaking the boundaries of our small ingroup-outgroup distinctions . ”
DNA testing carried out by University of Leicester geneticists and funded by The Wellcome Trust has thrown new light on the ancestry of one of the USA 's most revered figures , the third President , Thomas Jefferson .
Almost 10 years ago , the University of Leicester team , led by Professor Mark Jobling , together with international collaborators , showed that Thomas Jefferson had fathered at least one of the sons of Sally Hemings , a slave of Jefferson 's .
The work was done using the Y chromosome , a male-specific part of our DNA that passes down from father to son . Jefferson carried a very unusual Y chromosome type , which helped to strengthen the evidence in the historical paternity case .
Now , new techniques have been brought to bear on Jefferson 's Y chromosome , in a study reported in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology . The presidential chromosome turns out to belong to a rare class called 'K2 ' , which is found at its highest frequency in the Middle East and Eastern Africa , including Oman , Somalia and Iraq . Its closest match was in a man from Egypt . Could this mean that the President had recent ancestry in the Middle East ? A careful survey revealed a few K2 chromosomes in France , Spain and England . Together , the K2s form a diverse group that may , in fact , have been in western Europe for many thousands of years .
Further evidence for Jefferson 's British origins come from the finding that two out of 85 randomly recruited men named Jefferson share exactly the same Y chromosome as the President . Prof Jobling said : 'The two men have ancestry in Yorkshire and the West Midlands , and knew of no historical connection to the USA . They were amazed and fascinated by the link , which connects them into Thomas Jefferson 's family tree , probably about 11 generations ago . '
The ultimate origins of K2 chromosomes remain a mystery , however , and need further investigation : while they may have been present in Europe since the Stone Age , another possibility is that K2s came to Europe with the Phoenicians , an ancient maritime trading culture that spread out across the Mediterranean from their home in what is now Lebanon . The US media has taken up a different theory , leading to the New York Times headline , 'Jefferson -- the first Jewish president ? ' : European K2 chromosomes may originate in Sephardic ( Spanish ) Jewish populations , who have their ultimate origins in the Middle East .
Prof Jobling said : 'When we look closely at large collections of British Y chromosomes we find surprises , like this rare K2 lineage , and the African chromosome that we recently found in a Yorkshireman . These exotic chromosomes remind us of the complexity of British history and prehistory . '
The complete team release about the news can be foudn below . Nesterov needs to adjust to the North American game , he 's destined for Syracuse ( or the ECHL ) for his first North American season .
LIGHTNING AGREE TO TERMS WITH 2011 DRAFT PICK D NIKITA NESTEROV
TAMPA BAY – The Tampa Bay Lightning have agreed to terms with defenseman Nikita Nesterov on a three-year , entry-level contract today , vice president and general manager Steve Yzerman announced .
Nesterov , 6-foot , 183 pounds , played in 35 games with Chelyabinsk Traktor of the KHL this season , recording 14 penalty minutes while averaging 12:21 in average ice time . He also appeared in 19 playoff games , recording four assists as Traktor lost to Dynamo Moscow in the Continental Cup Finals . Nesterov has played in 45 career KHL games , all with Traktor , recording one assist .
A native of Chelyabinsk , Russia , Nesterov has represented his country in each of the previous two seasons . He played for Russia at the 2011 IIHF World Under-18 Championships , recording two goals and four points in seven games . Nesterov then played in last year 's IIHF World Junior Championships , skating in seven games and registering two goals and five points .
Nesterov , 20 , was selected by Tampa Bay in the fifth round , 158th overall , of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft . He participated in the 2012 Lightning Development Camp at the Brandon Ice Sports Forum . Nesterov 's team , also made up of Vladislav Namestnikov , Slater Koekkoek and Cedric Paquette , took home the annual 3-on-3 tournament championship .
Protesters clashed with riot police at Montreal 's Palais des congrès for a second day as a job symposium for Quebec 's northern plan was held inside under guard .
Dozens of members of the Réseau de résistance du Québecois joined aboriginal groups and students for the planned protest .
They faced off with riot squads in full armour stationed around the downtown conference centre .
Police arrested 90 people after declaring the protest illegal midday .
Officers blocked the convention centre 's entrance , as hundreds of job seekers waited outside .
Inside the building , about 100 businesses set up kiosks under police watch , for the second day in a row .
A protest outside the convention centre Friday erupted into violence with police using tear gas and sound grenades on rock-throwing protesters . Seventeen people were arrested .
Plan Nord targets natural resources
Companies hope to recruit workers for the Plan Nord , Quebec 's ambitious , $ 80-billion economic development plan .
Some First Nations are concerned about how the 25-year strategy is unfolding .
`` I 'm willing to share these resources in Nunavik , but nowhere with my Eskimo ears did I hear anything about Quebec willing to share the resources they claim is theirs , '' said Harry Tulugak , who lives in Puvirnituq , an Inuit village .
Several aboriginal groups have set up tents outside the convention centre .
A group of Innu women are expected to join the protest , after travelling by foot from their home community of Uashat-Maliotenam , on Quebec 's Lower North Shore .
The 900-kilometre journey took a month .
You might think that in a one-party state like Texas , the cream would rise to the top . The most capable and promising politicians would flock to take positions in the party of power . The resulting diversity of opinions and expertise might incentivize excellence . Of course , in Texas as in other one-party systems , the opposite is the case . During the two decades that Texas Republicans have a complete lock on political offices , the quality of the party 's candidates has waned . Like a royal family in which only cousins marry , the GOP 's blood here is thinning . Take Ken Paxton , the Republican nominee for attorney general and possible future felon .
Paxton , a state senator who has served in the Legislature since 2002 , made his political bones as a member of the Christian right . That faction had a particularly good year in the 2014 Republican primary , which is unusual for Texas . But the way Paxton really distinguishes himself is by his history of sleazy and unethical financial dealings as a lawyer in the Metroplex , which came to light through a Texas Tribune story in May . The state 's next top lawyer could very well be facing indictment and possible disbarment .
Paxton 's way of coping with that looming threat ? Running away from—and occasionally manhandling—reporters who ask him about it and otherwise staying out of the public eye , even as he asks the public to entrust him with enormous power . And here 's the depressing thing : It hardly hurts his chances of being elected .
First , what did Paxton do ? Outside of the Legislature , he made a living as a lawyer in McKinney . One day , a couple he represented named Teri and David Goettsche came looking for a way to manage their money . Paxton referred them to an investment advisory firm named Mowery Capital Management , run by Frederick “ Fritz ” Mowery , a friend of Paxton 's .
Mowery directed the Goettsches into a series of abysmally bad investments , some connected to a friend of Mowery 's with a disreputable past . Mowery had been on the verge of bankruptcy when Paxton recommended him , and his business partners were in similarly bad shape . When they went under , the Goettsches lost their shirts . After they lost their shirts , they were informed that Paxton had been receiving a 30 percent commission to refer his legal clients to Mowery . Whether legally or ethically , Paxton should have told the Goettsches about the commission , but he did n't .
What Paxton did—abusing the trust of his clients to funnel money to a friend , then taking what was in effect an undisclosed kickback—was certainly improper and unethical , but it was also illegal . It 's not illegal to take a commission from an investment firm to refer clients , but you must register with the Texas State Securities Board when doing so . Paxton did n't . He also did n't disclose the work on the personal financial statements he was required to file as a legislator . In other words , he appeared to be hoping that no one ever found out about it .
Paxton has no incentive to speak forthrightly to Texans about his troubles . And so he wo n't .
And Paxton should have known about the laws he was breaking , because he voted for the bills that established them in the first place . In 2003 , he voted for a bill that made what he did a crime—and in 2011 , he helped up the punishment for the crime . He helped make what he did a felony . And there 's no doubt he did it , because this spring , in an effort to push the scandal behind him , he admitted in a sworn statement that he violated the Texas Securities Act .
Having acknowledged that he broke the law , Paxton left the door open for the left-leaning advocacy group Texans for Public Justice to file a complaint with the Travis County District Attorney earlier this month . TPJ might be a small group , but the complaint is far from insignificant : TPJ is responsible for the complaint that 's snagged Gov . Perry over charges of undue influence and may ultimately see him indicted , and their efforts also helped precipitate the downfall of former U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay . TPJ 's complaint charges that Paxton “ committed one or more criminal felony offenses. ” It could take months for the DA 's office to process the complaint—but it 's also likely that Paxton 's opponents will file complaints with the state bar itself .
So Texas ' probable next attorney general faces the threat of indictment , and censure ( or worse ) from the State Bar of Texas , before his first day on the job . There are many questions still remaining—for one , given the nature of the crime , it may not be an isolated incident . Does Paxton have anything to say about that ? Any reassuring words for the public ? He has no words at all . He spent the last month of his primary runoff hiding from voters and the press . An appearance on a Christian radio show marked one of his only media appearances : His legal difficulties did n't come up .
Knowing that his Democratic opponent , a lawyer named Sam Houston , is extremely unlikely to win , he 's adopted roughly the same strategy for the general election . When Nolan Hicks , a reporter with the San Antonio Express-News , tracked down Paxton after a speech to ask him about the incident , Paxton scurried away . His spokesman grabbed Hicks and pulled him back , ensuring that Paxton would face no scrutiny .
We 've come to expect a certain level of grime from many of our state 's political leaders , but the attorney general 's office is one place where there really ought to be a certain degree of moral fiber—so it 's encouraging that Paxton is bringing the courage and honesty he learned in his legal career to his campaign . Virtually unopposed in his general election , Paxton has no incentive to speak forthrightly to Texans about his troubles . And so he wo n't .
We 're a long way from Lt. Gov . Bob Bullock and Gov . George W. Bush , just fifteen years ago . Putting people like Paxton in positions of power and authority will arguably hasten the Democratic revival , but what a hell of a ride it 's going to be in between now and then .
On Monday , India rescued more than 1,000 people from Yemen by plane and ship
Mission Accomplished . The government is looking to wrap up Operation Raahat with almost all the estimated 4000 Indians in Yemen evacuated safely from the war zone .
The Indian Navy 's INS Tarkash reached Djibouti from Al Hodeidah with 74 people this morning and the INS Sumitra has reached Al Hodeidah , to ferry out one of the last batches . Air India will run its last evacuation flights from Yemeni capital Sana ' a and the government has asked all Indians who want to leave to reach the capital .
On Monday , India rescued more than 1,000 people by plane and ship , the second time in two days that such a large number have been brought out since Saudi Arabia launched air strikes against Iran-allied Houthi rebels in Yemen on March 26 . India has been asked by 26 nations - including the United States - to help get their citizens out of the conflict zone .
The Indian Navy Ship Mumbai , a premier warship , rescued nearly 1000 people from nine countries in two batches . Though not designed to ferry people , the Mumbai carried one and a half times the number of crew on board .
The crew emptied five messes and their cabins so that women and children got bunks to sleep on . Hot food was served and doctors were at hand .
Other warships , the INS Sumitra and the INS Tarkash have done a similar job across the coast of war-torn Yemen .
While the Navy has ferried people across the Red Sea to Djibouti in the Horn of Africa , the Indian Air Force has been flying the Indians back home on C 17 Globemasters.One Yemeni woman married to an Indian even got the prompt attention of Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj after she tweeted her .
No need for thanks @ SabahShawesh . It is our duty towards our country and countrymen . God bless your child - our young citizen . - Sushma Swaraj ( @ SushmaSwaraj ) April 6 , 2015
Sabah Shawesh and her eight-month-old baby Ryan are back home in Mumbai now . `` I am so much thankful to her and to all her incredible team who did the whole process of evacuation , '' Sabah said .
11 Indians who were evacuated by the Pakistan Navy 's Aslat from Yemen 's southeastern city of Mukallah reached Karachi and are expected to return home today .
More than 540 people have died and 1,700 have been wounded in Yemen since March 19 , the World Health Organization has said . At least 74 children had been killed since the coalition strikes began - though the real figure is thought to be much higher - and more than 100,000 have been displaced , the UN said .
U.S. flags , swastikas and a portrait of George Washington at a meeting of the German American Bund held at Madison Square Garden , New York City , Feb. 29 , 1939 . The American Nazi organization attracted 20,000 people to the meeting , which was addressed by its leader Fritz Julius Kuhn . ( Photo by FPG/Archive Photos/Getty Images )
In late February 1939 , roughly 22,000 people gathered at New York City 's Madison Square Garden for a rally , which included a 50-member drum and bugle corps and a color guard of more than 60 flags .
The event , which had been proposed the year before and—after much hand-wringing and debate—had been given the green light by NYC mayor Fiorello LaGuardia , drew scores of protesters and at least one thousand police officers which promised to turn the Garden into an “ a fortress impregnable to anti-Nazis . ”
What type of gathering would draw this much scrutiny and opposition ? A pro-Nazi rally organized by the German American Bund , which festooned MSG 's interior with both American flags , swastika-bearing banners , and a thirty-plus foot high painting of George Washington . Also included were signs that read “ Wake Up American . Smash Jewish Communism ” and “ Stop Jewish Domination of Christian Americans . ”
The 1930s were a boon period for American supporters of Adolf Hitler 's Third Reich . A depressed work force coupled with little chance of upward mobility and an economy not yet on the rebound led to a majority that was fearful of their place in the world , and Hitler 's rhetoric added fuel to an already lit population .
In 1933 , deputy fuhrer Rudolf Hess ordered Heinz Spanknobel , a German immigrant , to form Friends of New Germany , a group based in NYC , with the goal of spreading National Socialism throughout the United States . Though Spanknobel was eventually forced to leave the country—he had failed to register as a foreign agent—and his organization collapsed , the German American Bund , or Amerika-Deutscher Volksbund , emerged in the vacuum and coalesced FONG and the other American-based groups that supported the Reich .
According to historian Warren Grover , the German American Bund was “ the largest and best-financed Nazi group operating in America , ” financing youth summer camps and family retreats in states like New Jersey , Wisconsin , and California ( among others ) and espousing concepts of pan-Germanism and a worldwide Jewish conspiracy .
Madison Square Garden , 1939
Worth remembering pic.twitter.com/PLt9EhQ3Ry — ian bremmer ( @ ianbremmer ) August 13 , 2017
By the time of the rally at Madison Square Garden , the German American Bund had as many as 25,000 members nationwide . At that time , holding an event at the Garden and filling the cavernous space gave any group an air of legitimacy , and that 's what the leaders of the German-American Bund sought . “ The Pro-American Rally ” was scheduled to take place on George Washington 's birthday—the group considered the president to be the “ first fascist “ —and though NYC mayor La Guardia considered shutting down the event , he agreed to let the Bund proceed , arguing :
Our government provides for free speech , and in this city that right will be respected . It would be a strange kind of free speech that permits free speech for those we agree with .
LaGuardia then departed the city on what was described as a “ western trip “ . His constituents , though , certainly did not agree with the mayor 's rationale :
Inside the Garden , the thousands who had gathered heard dozens of speeches denouncing “ International Jewry , ” while at least 100,000 protesters organized by the Socialist Workers Party—equipped with anti-Nazi posters and banners that read “ Give me a gas mask , I ca n't stand the smell of the Nazis “ —picketed , held back from storming the Garden by police mounted on horseback . One protester named Isidore Greenbaum did manage to slip into the Garden and rushed the stage at one point , only to be badly beaten by “ Bund storm troopers ” who “ ripped [ his clothing ] to shreds . ”
According to Felix Morrow of the Socialist Appeal , the turnout was diverse and the protest unifying :
Among those who pressed against the horses , fighting for every inch of ground , were Spanish and Latin American workers , aching to strike the blow at fascism which had failed to strike down Franco ; Negroes standing up against the racial myths of the Nazis and their 100 % American allies ; German American workers seeking to avenge their brothers under the heel of Hitler ; Italian anti-fascists singing “ Bandera Rossa ; ” groups of Jewish boys and men , coming together from their neighborhoods , to strike a blow against pogroms everywhere ; Irish Republicans conscious of the struggle for the freedom of all peoples if Ireland is to be free ; veterans of the World War ; office workers , girls and boys , joining the roughly-clad workers in shouting and fighting ; workers of every trade and neighborhood of the city .
The Pro-American Rally was the Bund 's final hurrah ; its leader was convicted for tax evasion and embezzlement and the group dissolved after the United States entered World War II , but it never really disappeared . The recent violence in Charlottesville is a reminder that hate and fear do n't need many openings to cross from the shadows and into the mainstream . Once there , it is difficult to unroot .
Fatigue showed on his face and disappointment could be detected in his voice as Columbus Crew midfielder Emmanuel Ekpo on Thursday discussed his quick trip overseas that ended without a match .
Ekpo , a silver medalist for Nigeria 's 2008 Beijing Olympics team , was called to the senior squad for the first time and hoped to debut on Tuesday against rivals Ghana in Watford , England . The friendly , however , was postponed due to the civil unrest that swept the country .
The match was called off about four hours before kickoff but has been tentatively rescheduled for Oct. 11 , also at the Vicarage Road stadium in Watford .
While Ekpo did not see any rioting while he was there and the closest disturbances were five miles away , local officials could not ensure the safety of the fans or participants .
“ It 's disappointing , ” he said after returning for Thursday 's practice with the Crew . “ I was all prepared to play . It would have been a good game for me . It would have been my first [ senior ] cap . ”
Ekpo hopes he will get summoned for the Super Eagles ' next match .
“ I have to keep my fingers crossed , ” he said .
The Crew do n't play the weekend prior to the planned match and the team 's next game afterward is on Oct. 15 away to the New England Revolution .
Ekpo was n't the only one on the team whose international plans went awry . Trinidad and Tobago defender Julius James was selected to play Wednesday against Haiti but the match was canceled last week because of lack of funding from his federation .
Although having Ekpo and James miss out on midweek games in advance of Saturday 's home game against New England benefits the Crew from a fitness standpoint , coach Robert Warzycha was not pleased .
“ I like them to go and play , ” he said . “ It 's good for our club and good for those guys . That 's a reward for them . ”
Holes to fill
Despite hopes earlier in the week that they would be ready , Warzycha said Thursday that midfielders Rich Balchan and Dilly Duka would not play Saturday .
Midfielder Danny O'Rourke and forward Emilio Rentería could be available for limited minutes , but forward Jeff Cunningham is still questionable because of a troublesome right knee . Midfielder Robbie Rogers hurt his ankle shortly after scoring the tying goal Wednesday in the US ' 1-1 draw against Mexico in Philadelphia and his status will be determined Friday .
“ I expect him to be on the field [ Saturday ] , ” Warzycha said .
Midfielder Eddie Gaven wo n't be after bruising the outside of his right ankle against Colorado last week . He said he is targeting the August 20 match against Philadelphia for his return .
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The views expressed in this interview are of Bruce Maxwell , and do not necessarily reflect the views of Newsome High School .
Just four months ago , Oakland Athletics rookie catcher Bruce Maxwell was a minor leaguer hoping to get another crack at the big leagues . Today , he 's making national headlines after becoming the first Major League Baseball player to protest racial injustice by kneeling during the national anthem . He did this a day after President Trump called for NFL owners to fire their players on the spot who choose to kneel for the anthem and personally uninvited the reigning NBA champions from taking an official visit to the White House ( the people 's house ) .
In a league where players have fallen silent on social justice issues , Maxwell has taken the first step toward creating a lane for major-leaguers to voice their opinions on issues present in today 's society .
Maxwell agreed to be interviewed by Wolf Tracks reporter Matthew Bradford and shared the reasoning behind his protest , what he told his teammates before his protest , and what he thinks the future holds for protests in the MLB .
MATT : “ Alright , so you were born on a military base in Germany , what was that like growing up in a military family , especially being born overseas ? ”
BRUCE : “ I did n't move around a whole lot . I was born in Germany ; I was there for about 3 years or so and then my dad got stationed in Alabama and I 've been there ever since . My dad did n't serve super long in the military , I think he was in there for like 9 years or something like that , but you know when I got a little older and started playing competitive sports , my dad got out of the army . My dad went into the army because he had two daughters by the age of 21- I think- and he needed a way to feed his family so he dropped out of college and enlisted in the army . My dad always told me , ‘ I joined the army so you would n't have to . ' For every reason I 'm sitting here and breathing my parents are for everything I 'm doing . ”
MATT : “ Obviously a lot of people who have been on the other side of the spectrum say they believe that kneeling is disrespectful to the military . So what would you say to people who say you 're disrespecting the military ? ”
BRUCE : “ This is what people do n't understand . People are coming at me with hate and coming after anybody who protests the flag because they choose not to understand the reason we 're doing it . These are the same people who sit at home and sit on the couch , drink their beer , drink their beverage of choice when they are watching a sport and when the national anthem is on , they do n't remove their hat , they do n't stand at attention , they do not salute .
At the end of the day , I 'm not protesting towards the military . I 'm protesting a bigger cause that is going on with the American people and with society that is going on in our country today . That is the reason the military lays their life on the line every single day for the people inside this country that are citizens of this country to be able to exercise their 1st amendment rights , whether they agree with them or not . I know plenty of people and family that are in the military still that serve every single day . And that 's what they fight for . They fight for the freedom to be free of choice when it comes to the American citizen . Whether they agree with it or not , that is the reason they fight .
To defend this country , you know land of the free , home of the brave , that 's how it works so for people to tell me I 'm disrespecting the flag . First of all you talk to anybody , a lot of people do n't even know what the flag actually truly stands for . Somebody sent me this the other day ; the definition of patriotism is not staring at the flag and reciting the anthem . The definition of patriotism when it comes to your country is being able to proudly stand for your flag and know that what your flag represents is being upheld , which is not the case right now .
Our constitution says all men are created equal and right now they are not equals in this country . There are people being killed , being reprimanded for the color of their skin , for where they come from , what their heritage is , whatever have you , there 's not equality and now the president is on a national , worldwide podium , expressing to these people that being different is not okay , practicing prejudice is acceptable , and these people are now coming out of their segregated holes and now they 're feeling comfortable to protest without repercussions because they know that our president has their back , wrong or right . ”
MATT : “ Right , so now that you 've done it , and people have been doing it in the NFL since Kaepernick started about a year ago , now you 've been the first person to kneel during the anthem in the major-leagues , do you think any other players are going to follow your example by the end of the season ? ”
BRUCE : “ I would n't be surprised if there 's a couple of people in the MLB that end up doing it . Now I 'm not going to talk to these people , I 'm not going to force them to do it , it 's not my job , and I 'm making a personal decision on personal problems that I have dealt with myself and with my family and friends of mine . I told my teammates the same thing , ‘ I do n't expect you guys to understand , I do n't expect you to support me , I said I do n't want you guys to try to aid me when it comes to the media . ' I said you say what you truly feel , regardless if somebody disagrees with me or not because at the end of the day I 'm always going to have respect for you guys as teammates . ”
MATT : “ Your teammate , Mark Canha , put his hand on your shoulder during all this after you told your teammates you could do this all on your own and you did n't need them to do this . How does it feel to you that Mark was able to make a big step forward to publicly support you like that ? ”
BRUCE : “ Well you know what , for me it 's about the understanding of why I 'm doing it . I could n't be prouder of my teammates being able to publicly believe and tell the media they support or respect what I 'm doing because that makes me seem like they understand why I 'm doing it , and for Mark to publicly tell the media that he supports me and what I 'm doing when the reason I 'm doing it is big for me because that means he 's taken everything physical out of context and he 's really trying to understand where I 'm coming from and what the purpose of my kneeling is . So he 's supporting my reasoning , it does n't mean he 's supporting my personal decision to kneel , but he 's also supporting the fact that there is something when it comes to racial injustice- there is something wrong in this country and it should be fixed . ”
MATT : “ Exactly , and I think that is a big major step toward unity and what the country has been missing . ”
BRUCE : “ 100 % man and especially at a young age . People create labels . But at the end of the day , man has created the separation because of what they look like , what they do for a living , where they 're from , and how they talk . Those are just a few of the labels . So as soon as people start realizing that at the end of the day , the soldiers that fight for the freedom of this country , this country is one .
The diversity in this country is what makes America so great , but right now people are so infuriated with the fact that people are now starting to protest , peacefully , athletes are starting to protest because of the growing racial divide that 's going on and now that is being upheld for lack of a better word by our president is too much to sit back and let go by . We have the highest platform , outside of the President of the United States , as professional athletes in this country and it would be ignorant if athletes across the board were to sit here and shut up and make their money and not care about people . That means there is no faith in humanity . People that do n't speak up , but have their voice in silence behind doors , that is a problem .
People think butting up against the system is an issue and now I 'm getting my tweets and stuff like ‘ I hope you get kicked out of the country , I hope you break a leg and never play baseball again . ' I get called the N word all the time and all types of stuff is coming my way , but at the same time those are the type of people that do n't choose to see the problem . ”
MATT : “ Right . I just have one more question before I let you go . What would your advice be to a high school student ? ”
BRUCE : “ Do n't ever think what you believe in is wrong . Do n't ever stop fighting for what you believe in because at the end of the day there is always going to be people that disagree with you . There 's always going to be people that have their opinion and think their opinion is better than yours , but at the end of the day what you personally believe in is right . I 'm not going to say right , it 's ethical because that is what you believe in .
We live in a country where we are allowed to believe and practice any type of belief that we want without fear of repercussions from the police , from the president , from anybody personally , so whatever you believe in , fight for it regardless of how hard it may be , how difficult it may be , how impossible it may seem , fight for it because at the end of the day all you have is you .
So if you fold because you think it 's not getting anywhere then you 're folding on your beliefs within yourself as a person . And that 's honestly what I got for you man . That 's the thing , nowadays you got so many kids who do n't know what they believe in . They let the media steer them in the direction that they want to be because they see money , they see popularity and all this stuff .
But you got to understand for you to go anywhere in life or for you to progress anywhere , whatever you 're doing , you have to first understand who you are and what you believe in because that 's all that 's going to steer you in that direction to follow your beliefs . If not , you 're just kind of floating around in the world and that 's dangerous because you can be manipulated or influenced by anybody you feel that might have a voice , maybe- that might have an opinion that sounds good to you at the moment .
Never lose your inner self , man . That 's a big thing that I 've always been taught in my life because I 've been through racial issues , I 've been through all this stuff growing up in Alabama , I continue to go through it when I go home and it 's just like if you lose who you are , you lose everything . ”
MATT : “ Thank you for your time and I really appreciate you taking 20 minutes out of your day to do this with me and I 'll be rooting for you the rest of your career . ”
American Bar Assoc . Sends Letter To NSA Seeking Affirmation Of Attorney-Client Confidentiality
from the NSA-to-ABA : -what-part-of-'collect-it-all'-did-you-misunderstand ? dept
The American Bar Association ( ABA ) has written a letter to the NSA addressing an issue that surfaced via a recent leak : namely , the agency signing off on the interception of privileged attorney-client discussions by Australian intelligence . To make matters worse , the intercepted communications included a US attorney who was representing the Indonesian government in a trade dispute .
While the original article did n't make it clear whether the NSA had accessed this collection , the agency did in fact authorize the surveillance . Even if the NSA chose not to `` listen in , '' the underlying concern remains : are attorney-client communications considered off limits to the agency ?
The laws governing this provides no specific exception for attorney-client communications , and the fact that this particular incident involved a foreign nation makes it that much easier for the NSA to justify its actions .
In its letter to the NSA , the ABA asks for assurance from the agency that it wo n't willingly target these communications , even if they do involve foreign entities or persons .
The ABA understands the critical role that NSA plays in gathering intelligence information and protecting our national security , and we acknowledge that during the course of these activities , it is inevitable that certain communications between U.S. law firms and their clients may be collected or otherwise obtained by the agency . However , irrespective of the accuracy of the recent press reports , we would like to work with NSA on this issue and urge the agency not to actively seek confidential communications between U.S. law firms and their clients . In addition , if NSA obtains such confidential information inadvertently—or such information is obtained by foreign intelligence services or others and then shared with NSA—we would expect NSA to respect the privilege and take all appropriate steps to ensure that any such privileged information is not further disseminated to other agencies or any other third parties .
The interception and sharing of attorney-client privileged communications by government agencies—or any third party—raises concerns , including chilling the full and frank discussion between lawyer and client that is essential for effective legal representation . Any government surveillance and interception of confidential communications between law firms and their clients threaten to seriously undermine and weaken the privilege , because as the U.S. Supreme Court noted in Upjohn Co. v. United States , 449 U.S. 383 ( 1981 ) , “ an uncertain privilege…is little better than no privilege at all . ”
If the ABA ever receives these assurances ( beyond a canned statement reiterating the NSA 's talking points ) , it likely wo n't make any lawyer feel any more secure . The agency does n't have a great track record when it comes to accurately representing its activities . The NSA 's response may do nothing more than note these communications are n't exempt from its surveillance efforts.If so , this leaves the ABA in the same position it began in : reliant on a protection that may not actually exist.That 's where we are as a nation -- `` little better than no privilege at all . '' The Fourth Amendment is actively skirted by the NSA and any number of investigative and law enforcement agencies on a daily basis , using a very expansive reading of the Third Party Doctrine to access an immeasurable amount of data , some of which is just as revealing as the communications they ca n't grab.The ABA is right to press the issue , considering the NSA only very minimally addressed this when the leak first hit . The NSA obviously cherishes the large amount of confidentiality it and its lawyers enjoy . It should at least have the decency to extend it to the rest of the legal profession .
Filed Under : aba , australia , nsa , privacy , surveillance
MURPHY , Ore. ( AP ) - Deer got the munchies at an industrial hemp crop in southern Oregon.The deer got by barbed-wire fencing a couple weeks ago and went through the hemp plants like high-powered mowers , the Grants Pass Daily Courier reported `` Generally , I do n't think they like cannabis . They liked ours , though , '' said Cliff Thomason , a real estate agent who is the steward of the first industrial hemp crop in Oregon , which was planted near Murphy by Thomason and his partners with Orhempco.The company planted roughly 1,000 plants in the section the deer got into , and Thomason said there are only about 40 left.Industrial hemp has a low level of THC , the psychoactive property of marijuana . Kit Doyle , another partner in Orhemco , said it 's high in protein and that 's likely why the deer went on a binge.Orhempco has several crops of industrial hemp - each planted at a different time and is in a different stage of maturity . Doyle said the group expects to have other plants go to harvest that will produce hemp seed for sale.The land is owned by Josephine County Commissioner Cherryl Walker and her husband , Martin Hill . Fellow county Commissioner Simon Hare also is a partner.Only some of the crop is protected by the very tall fencing needed to thwart deer . Doyle said a reason some crops were left vulnerable was because of the uncertainty surrounding the program . A bill in the Oregon Legislature would have put Orhempco out of business had it passed the Senate . `` We wanted to hurry and get in the ground and we did n't want to spend a lot of money , '' Doyle said . `` Next year , if we decide to grow in the same place , we will have the necessary infrastructure . ''
CBLDF has the best holiday gifts for the fan in your life in our Spirit of Giving holiday fundraiser ! From now until December 7 , you can get outstanding graphic novels personalized to the fan of your choice by creators like Brian K. Vaughan , Jason Aaron , Jeff Lemire , Dave Gibbons , Gene Yang , and more , including the latest Star Wars and Avatar gift collections !
All of the proceeds from these items benefit CBLDF 's important work protecting the freedom to read ! Please help support our work and get the greatest holiday gifts by contributing to CBLDF during our Spirit of Giving fundraiser !
Here are all of the titles available now :
Star Wars and more , personalized by JASON AARON & JOHN CASSADAY !
STAR WARS vol 1 : SKYWALKER STRIKES , PERSONALIZED by Jason Aaron !
STAR WARS vol 1 : SKYWALKER STRIKES , PERSONALIZED by John Cassaday !
PRINCESS LEIA , PERSONALIZED by Terry Dodson !
PLANETARY OMNIBUS , PERSONALIZED by John Cassaday !
SOUTHERN BASTARDS vol 1 HC , PERSONALIZED by Jason Aaron !
RED ONE : WELCOME TO AMERICA HC , PERSONALIZED by Terry Dodson !
Avatar and more , personalized by GENE LUEN YANG !
AVATAR : The Last Airbender , THE SEARCH HC , PERSONALIZED by Gene Luen Yang !
BOXERS AND SAINTS Boxed Set , PERSONALIZED by Gene Luen Yang !
Personalized books from BRIAN K. VAUGHAN !
SAGA Vol 1 Deluxe Edition HC , Personalized by Brian K Vaughan !
Y the Last Man Deluxe Edition Vol 1 , PERSONALIZED by Brian K. Vaughan
Personalized books from CRAIG THOMPSON !
SPACE DUMPLINS vol 1 HC , PERSONALIZED by Craig Thompson !
BLANKETS HC , PERSONALIZED by Craig Thompson !
HABIBI , personalized by Craig Thompson !
Personalized books from PAUL LEVITZ !
BRONZE AGE OF DC COMICS 1970 – 1984 , Personalized by PAUL LEVITZ !
WILL EISNER : CHAMPION OF THE GRAPHIC NOVEL , Personalized by PAUL LEVITZ !
SILVER AGE OF DC COMICS , Personalized by PAUL LEVITZ !
Personalized books from JEFF LEMIRE !
SWEET TOOTH Deluxe HC , Personalized by JEFF LEMIRE !
The Complete Essex County TP , PERSONALIZED by Jeff Lemire
UNDERWATER WELDER – Personalized by Jeff Lemire !
Watchmen , personalized by DAVE GIBBONS !
WATCHMEN Deluxe Hardcover , PERSONALIZED by Dave Gibbons !
iZombie , personalized by Chris Roberson !
iZOMBIE Omnibus , PERSONALIZED by Chris Roberson !
Personalization requests are due by December 7th !
Here 's how the personalization works :
When you place your order with the CBLDF for these holiday premiums , you can have each of the offered books personalized to one or two names , and the artist ( or writer ) will sign and personalize the book on a high quality CBLDF-branded bookplate . When you place your order , in the “ MEMO ” section of the check-out form , please include the personalization request , such as : “ For Linus and Lucy , ” or “ For Rerun , ” or “ To The Van Pelts ! ” ( Artists will not be able to provide sketches or other messages . )
Week 1 of the 2015 Major League Soccer season was dominated by defenses , with plenty of players making excellent stops to deny more than a few big-time scoring opportunities over the weekend .
We whittled the long list of candidates down to five nominees for the first MLS Save of the Week award of 2015 . Now , it 's up to you to pick the best one .
A trio of veterans is joined by a pair of youngsters as the nominees for this week 's award , with regular Save of the Week winner Nick Rimando nominated for his stop on the Portland Timbers ' Rodney Wallace , the New York Red Bulls ' Luis Robles up for his save on SKC 's Seth Sinovic , NYCFC 's Josh Saunders in the running for his denial of OCSC 's Kevin Molino , Colorado Rapids netminder Clint Irwin nominated for his reaction save on Philly 's Conor Casey and Houston 's Tyler Deric on the ticket for his stop of Crew SC 's Kei Kamara .
Vote now for your top save . The winner will be announced on Friday .
Voting runs until 11:59 pm PT on Thursday . For complete coverage of the MLS Save of the Week – including an archive of all of this season 's nominees and winners – click here .
A burn victim blows through a tube to increase the flame of a cooking stove in Sri Lanka . Severe burns are a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in developing countries . Photo by : Phil Borges / ReSurge International / CC BY-NC-ND
This post is part of a series produced by the NGO alliance InterAction and Devex around the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty .
When we talk about global health challenges , we often cite the ones that receive the most attention or funding . AIDS and malaria come to mind . You probably do n't think about injuries sustained from cooking fires or acid attacks . But the truth is , severe burns are a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in developing countries — a crisis afflicting the poor that hardly anyone is talking about .
In resource-strained parts of the world , open fires and kerosene cookstoves are relied upon for cooking , heating and lighting . Add in to the mix overcrowded living conditions , lack of proper fire safety measures , loose clothing worn by women and insufficient supervision of children . Suddenly , it 's not hard to see why someone is severely burned every three seconds in a developing country .
That 's more than 10 million people each year . For those burn survivors around the world who do not have access to basic medical care , burns are left to heal by themselves , creating a permanent tightening of the skin as the burn wound heals . As a result , even a minor burn can restrict one 's ability to walk or cause a working hand to become an unusable fist .
In our 44 years of providing reconstructive surgery for the poor , ReSurge International has seen too many children come to us with debilitating burn injuries — with arms fused to their torso or hands unable to hold a pencil — because the straw mat they were sleeping on as an infant caught fire or the cookstove they were playing beside suddenly exploded . We 've seen too many adults who ca n't work and provide for their family because a burn injury prevents them from straightening a leg or moving their neck .
These are the cases that Dr. Goran Jovic , the only reconstructive surgeon working in Zambia , sees every day . Jovic , who directs ReSurge 's Surgical Outreach Program in Zambia , accepts patients with all sorts of reconstructive surgical needs , but about 75 percent of the procedures he performs are to correct burn injuries .
In sub-Saharan Africa , burns are the 16th leading cause of death for people ages 15-49 . Infants in this region have three times the incidence of burn deaths than infants worldwide . Through the Surgical Outreach Program , Jovic and his team treat burn survivors both in the capital of Lusaka and in outlying areas . Jovic pilots a small plane to reach patients in rural areas who are not able to make the trip in to the city .
Jovic has treated more than 1,100 burn patients . These patients typically undergo multiple procedures to release burn contractures , and they often need physical therapy afterward . Many of the burn patients who Jovic takes on through the Surgical Outreach Program have lived for years with disabilities caused by burns . But we have learned through our work in the field that just with simple and affordable treatment provided soon after a burn , 50 to 60 percent of burn disabilities are preventable .
Burns are acutely tied to poverty , according to Jovic , who says that in his experience , the people most susceptible to burn injury in the developing world are poor people . Women and children are also disproportionally affected by burn injuries , the poorest of whom are typically the ones with little to no access to that basic medical care that can prevent burn injuries from creating a disability .
“ The beauty of plastic surgery is to return the patient as a productive member of society , ” says Jovic . “ If a person has both hands burned and ca n't even feed himself , and you open up those hands , that person gets his life back . ”
ReSurge International provides nearly 5,000 free surgeries each year through Surgical Outreach Programs like the one that Jovic heads up . These surgeries enable the developing countries where we work recover more than $ 75 million in lost wages over the lifetimes of those patients , who will now be able to work .
The work we are doing to address the global burns crisis is as much about eradicating extreme poverty as it is about restoring the health and dreams of our patients . Severe burns leave their victims with disabilities that cost more than $ 80.2 billion a year in lost productivity alone ; 95 percent of that economic burden falls on developing countries .
By supporting the prevention and correction of debilitating burn disabilities through projects like the Surgical Outreach Program in Zambia , we will continue making progress against poverty for those who need it most .
Join the Devex community and access more in-depth analysis , breaking news and business advice — and a host of other services — on international development , humanitarian aid and global health .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2008 May 6
Explanation : Galaxies do n't normally look like this . NGC 3256 actually shows a current picture of two galaxies that are slowly colliding . Quite possibly , in hundreds of millions of years , only one galaxy will remain . Today , however , NGC 3256 shows intricate filaments of dark dust , unusual tidal tails of stars , and a peculiar center that contains two distinct nuclei . Although it is likely that no stars in the two galaxies will directly collide , the gas , dust , and ambient magnetic fields do interact directly . NGC 3256 , part of the vast Hydra-Centaurus supercluster of galaxies , spans over 100 thousand light-years across and is located about 100 million light-years away .
Would you rather accept legalization or give billions to paramilitary cartels ?
Indulge me in a quick game of Would You Rather . Here are your choices : Would you rather legalize and regulate most drugs in the United States ... or give $ 39 billion per year to the Sinaloa drug cartel to spend on whatever it wants ? It 's a serious question . For those who are n't familiar with that criminal organization , it may help to know that earlier this year , its bosses in Mexico were responsible for decapitating 15 people and leaving their bodies on the streets of Acapulco .
So what 's it going to be ? It 's an easy question for those of us who want to legalize most drugs anyway . What I 'd like to know is which choice those of you opposed to legalization would make .
Oh , you do n't answer hypothetical questions ? Okay . What if I told you that `` earlier this month , FBI Director Robert S. Mueller told Congress that upwards of $ 39 billion a year in drug profits from north of the border is making it back to Mexico and the cartels . '' That 's a quotation from an LA Times article titled , `` Mexican Cartels Setting Up Shop Across US . '' Yes , the Sinaloa cartel , the most powerful in Mexico -- a country so corrupt that police officers are being arrested for helping drug cartels hide mass graves -- has outposts in South Carolina , Seattle , Anchorage , and Minneapolis .
Jan 28 , 2017 ; Apple Valley , MN , USA ; Lacrosse Central Red Raiders Kobe King ( 23 ) scores in the first half agains Lakeville North Panthers at Apple Valley High School . Lakeville North Panthers win 98-83 over the LaCrosse Central Red Raiders . Mandatory Credit : Marilyn Indahl-USA TODAY Sports
Wisconsin Basketball announced two guards will join the 2017-18 team
A news release from the UW Athletic Department indicates that a pair of guards will be preferred walk-ons to the Wisconsin Basketball team next season .
Walt McCrory is a 6 ' 3″ 195 pound freshman from Edina , Minnesota who eschewed other scholarship opportunities in favor the walk-on role in Madison . Trevor Anderson is a 6 ' 2″ 180 pounds sophomore from Stevens Point , Wisconsin who played last year at UW-Green Bay .
Wisconsin Basketball can use the help considering it loses Jordan Hill , Zach Showalter , and Bronson Koenig from last year 's team . Last season Koenig averaged 31.4 minutes/game , Showalter 29.5 minutes/game and Hill 9.9 minutes/game .
The trio also filled the stat sheet across several statistical categories meaning somebody has to step in and replace some of that production for the next season of Wisconsin Basketball
32.9 percent of Wisconsin Basketball scoring
35.2 percent of made field goals
56.9 percent of made three-pointers
30.6 percent of the team 's assists
34.4 percent of all steals
The expected Wisconsin Basketball starters in Brevin Pritzl and D'Mitrik Trice averaged 8.1 minutes/game and 18.3 minutes/game respectively last season . Those two will shoulder the heaviest load as the new faces get acclimated to Big Ten defense in the Wisconsin Basketball tradition .
Anderson started 20 games for the Phoenix last season until a back injury ruined the rest of his freshman campaign .
He averaged 9.8 points , 2.9 rebounds and 2.7 assists per game with the Phoenix , shooting 40.0 percent from the field and 37.6 percent from 3-point range .
McCrory compiled an impressive prep career in Stevens Point including consecutive Division I State Titles in 2015 and 2016 .
As a senior in 2016 , Anderson was named Wisconsin 's Mr. Basketball , AP Player of the Year and recognized with the Wisconsin Hall of Fame Male Athlete of the Year award after averaging 24.6 points and 4.4 assists while shooting 64.0 percent from the floor and 55.0 percent from 3-point range .
In addition to the walk-ons , the Badgers welcome a solid recruiting class with a pair of intriguing guards in Kobe King and Brad Davison . Wisconsin Basketball will lean on youth at the guard position during the 2017-18 season . But the depth chart beyond Pritzl and Trice should be open to serious competition .
A new bill introduced in the state Senate Monday would ban masks on public streets , making it a misdemeanor .
Senate Bill 5941 claims that recent demonstrations with masked protesters have become “ a threat to public safety . ”
“ Under the guise of political speech , acts of vandalism and violence have occurred , which impact the health , safety , and welfare of citizens of the state , ” bill sponsor Sen. Jim Honeyford , R-Sunnyside , wrote in the bill .
On May Day , about 75 masked protesters in Olympia turned violent , throwing rocks at police using slingshots . Fourteen people were arrested across Western Washington .
In the bill , Honeyford argued that “ common sense legislation ” is necessary to distinguish between masks used for reasonable purposes and those used to hide one 's identity or commit a crime .
The proposed measure would ban people from wearing a mask , hood , or device that conceals a person 's identity on public streets , entryways , or places frequented by the general public . It would also ban masks on state-owned property and meetings on private property unless written permission has been granted .
The stipulations would not apply to children under 16-years-old . Head coverings and religious scarves , holiday costumes , sports uniforms , and employment gear are excluded .
Copyright 2017 KING
Error : Embedded data could not be displayed .
Error : Embedded data could not be displayed .
Maintaining the Illusion of Stability Now Requires Ever-Greater Extremes
July 10 , 2015
This much-needed re-set to an economy that serves the many rather than the few is what the Powers That Be are so fearful of .
On the surface , everything still looks remarkably stable in the core industrial economies . The stock markets in Japan , Germany and the U.S. are only a few percentage points off their highs , and we 're constantly assured that inflation no longer exists and official unemployment is low .
In other words , other than the spot of bother in Greece , life is good . Anyone who signs on the dotted line for easy credit can go to college , buy a car or house or get another credit card .
With more credit , everything becomes possible . With unlimited credit , the sky 's the limit , and it shows .
Europe is awash with tourists from the U.S. , China and elsewhere , and restaurants are jammed in San Francisco and New York City , where small flats now routinely fetch well over $ 1 million .
In politics , the American public is being offered a choice of two calcified , dysfunctional aristocracies in 2016 : brittleness is being passed off as stability , not just in politics but in the economy and the cultural zeitgeist .
But surface stability is all the status quo can manage at this point , because the machine is shaking itself to pieces just maintaining the brittle illusion of prosperity and order .
Consider what happened in Greece beneath the surface theatrics .
1 . Goldman Sachs conspired with Greece 's corrupt kleptocracy to conjure up an illusion of solvency and fiscal prudence so Greece could join the Eurozone .
2 . Vested interests and insiders gorged on the credit being offered by German and French banks , enriching themselves to the tune of tens of billions of euros , which were transferred to private accounts in Switzerland at the first whiff of trouble . When informed of this , Greek authorities took no action ; after all , why track down your cronies and force them to pay taxes when tax evasion is the status quo for financial elites ?
3 . If Greece had defaulted in 2010 when its debt was around 110 billion euros , the losses would have fallen on the banks that had foolishly lent the money without proper due diligence or risk management . This is what should have happened in a market economy : those who foolishly lent extraordinary sums to poor credit risks take the resulting ( and entirely predictable ) losses .
4 . But since the big European banks that were on the hook for the 110 billion in bad debt were highly leveraged ( estimates are 30 to 1 ) , then a mere 5 % loss in their capital would render them insolvent -- a Lehman Moment of cascading defaults that the European leadership could not allow , as not only would their cronies lose fortunes but they would lose power when the fragile house of cards they 'd constructed collapsed .
Here is the debt in 2009 -- mostly owed to private banks and bondholders :
5 . The status quo 's solution : transfer all the private bank debt to the taxpayers of the Eurozone members and loan Greece another 200+ billion euros in exchange for the illusion of reform and a squeezing of average Greek households to pay the interest due on the ballooning debt .
Here is the debt in 2015 -- almost all was shifted onto the backs of Eurozone taxpayers :
6 . Five years later , the debt has exploded to 340 billion euros , triple the debt that should have been written off in 2010 when it became clear Greece could not pay the debt down or even service the interest payments .
7 . Five years of austerity and suffering by the Greek people have all been for naught , as the entire euro system is untenable , the debt can not be paid and the simulacra reforms did nothing to change the power structure or the corrupt , dysfunctional status quo in the country .
8 . To maintain the surface illusion of stability for five years , the Powers That Be tripled the debt , vastly increased the risk of default and the damage a default would unleash , and caused undue suffering above and beyond the costs of default and a return to a national currency -- a re-set that , if undertaken when it became clear there was no way the debt could be paid in 2010 , would already be over and done .
This re-set , while painful in the short-term , is the only mechanism available to force reforms on a self-serving kleptocracy and rid the economy of a dependence on unsustainable credit expansion .
This much-needed re-set to an economy that serves the many rather than the few is what the Powers That Be are so fearful of , for it is the few who garner most of the gains of a corrupt , fully financialized neofeudal system and it is these few who fund the election campaigns of the politicos who are so desperate to maintain the perquisites of the Financial Nobility .
Austerity is meted out to debt-serfs while those at the top transfer tens of billions to their private accounts .
There are variations of this basic flow of income from serfs to the nobility , of course ; stock market bubbles are inflated by authorities , insiders sell , sell , sell as credulous banana merchants and wage-earners buy , and then when the bubble bursts , these same authorities ban selling by the small-fry bagholders .
But this is not real stability ; it is a brittle simulacrum of stability , an illusion that has required the status quo to pursue extremes of policy and debt that are intrinsically incapable of yielding stability .
In effect , the status quo has greatly increased the system 's vulnerability , fragility and brittleness -- the necessary conditions for catastrophic collapse -- all in the name of maintaining a completely bogus facade of stability for a few more years .
NOTE : Contributions/subscriptions are acknowledged in the order received . Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual , company or agency .
A psychologist says a 12-year-old boy is competent to face trial in the fatal stabbing of a 9-year-old boy at a playground in the Grand Rapids area .
Defense attorney Charles Boekeloo will now have two weeks to decide whether to seek another opinion .
Jamarion Lawhorn is charged with fatally stabbing 9-year-old Michael Verkerke at a playground in Kentwood in August . Lawhorn replied , “ Yes , sir , ” when a Kent County judge asked him if he understood what was happening in court Tuesday .
Lawhorn is designated as an adult in the juvenile court system , meaning he would be sentenced as a juvenile if convicted of murder , then resentenced as an adult at age 21 .
The boy 's siblings have been removed from their home over allegations of abuse by their mother . The Department of Human Services was aware of abuse but did n't remove Lawhorn from the home , long before he was accused of fatally stabbing another boy .
WWJ is identifying Lawhorn , who turned 12 in March , because he is charged as an adult .
Investigators say Verkerke was playing with some friends on Aug. 4 on a playground at the Pinewood Village Mobile Home Park in Kentwood , when Lawhorn allegedly pulled out a knife and repeatedly stabbed Verkerke in the back .
Verkerke ran to his home and collapsed , bleeding on the porch , while Lawhorn went to a neighbor 's home nearby to call police and turn himself in . Verkerke died a short time later at a hospital .
Lawhorn has been described as behaving “ very calmly ” after the stabbing . Witnesses said the boy mentioned that he was upset because nobody loved him , and that he had taken multiple pills earlier in the day .
According to the delinquency petition filed in Kent County Circuit Court , Lawhorn told investigators he stabbed Verkerke because he wanted to go to jail . Lawhorn said he is “ bad and always does stupid things , ” and that he thought he 'd be killed “ for doing something like this , ” according to The Grand Rapids Press .
Lawhorn said he did n't know how many times he stabbed Verkerke , who he had never seen before that day . He initially said he was n't concerned for the victim , then said he was concerned because “ it made him feel stupid , ” an investigator wrote .
Lawhorn also told police he would get mocked at school for getting in trouble , and be called “ dumb ” and “ black . ”
Assistant Kent County Prosecutor Laura Clifton said she believes Lawhorn is the youngest defendant in Kent County charged with open murder .
MORE : 9-Year-Old Stabbed At Playground Tells Brother ‘ I 'll Always Love You ' In Dying Breath
TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
More than 150 students practicing civil disobedience have been arrested thus far in Puerto Rico and riot police on Thursday escalated violent repression of a university strike with brutal arrests and rubber bullets during a sit-in demonstration at the capitol building . As President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for governmental prudence during a historic revolt in Egypt , the most basic free speech rights are under attack with apparent impunity in this U.S. territory of nearly four million U.S. citizens still grappling with a century-old colonial relationship with the United States .
Meanwhile , the Reaganite Republican and pro Statehood Governor , Luis Fortuño , was again traveling on Friday , with a trip to California sponsored by The Heritage Foundation , though he denied attending a controversial event nearby with the billionaire Koch brothers , bankrollers of the Tea Party movement . Fortuño 's bold austerity measures and ruthlessness have made him a Republican Party darling , as strategists scramble for Latino leaders they can promote while rejecting immigration reform and with Tea Party followers spewing hate speech against Latino immigrants .
Fortuño 's response to the student strike that began in December against an imposed fee and the privatization of the institution has demonstrated the lengths to which the Fortuño administration will go to repress all dissent . The governor has laid off 26,000 public sector employees , nullified public sector union contracts , and gutted the budgets of cultural , educational and social agencies , including the University of Puerto Rico . Early in his term , he activated the National Guard for civilian purposes , to the public outcry of civil and human rights groups .
Adding to the climate of a university under siege , the administration announced 10 academic programs at the flagship Río Piedras campus have been placed `` on pause '' and would turn away new undergraduate majors , including the internationally renowned department of Hispanic Studies . That professors learned of this through the press , and using terminology that appears nowhere in university regulations , heightened fears that the university -- a cornerstone of Puerto Rico 's national patrimony -- is being dismantled .
`` The thought is unbearable , '' said Princeton University professor Arcadio Díaz Quiñones , an alumnus of the Hispanic Studies program , who recalled his intellectual mentors there with reverent indebtedness . The department in turn announced it would fight the potential suspension , which echoes a broader attack on the humanities seen at public universities elsewhere , as crude market forces seem to suddenly determine what counts as knowledge .
With the next semester set to begin Monday , student protesters seem to be putting their lives on the line for public higher education , as growing contingents of riot police suppress even relatively small protests of 100 or so students . A journalist from Al Jazeera plans a trip to Puerto Rico to cover the unrest , largely ignored by most U.S. media .
Police have also dealt harshly with journalists during civil disobedience arrests , with several journalists attacked , and one correspondent of student-run RadioHuelga arrested , despite his clearly displayed press credentials . Press organizations filed complaints and assault charges against the police Monday on behalf of journalists violently blocked from newsgathering .
Indeed photographs and videos of Thursday 's brutal police response are damning . Along with firing rubber bullets and using tear gas and pepper spray , police are seen applying pressure-point techniques to the neck of student civil disobedients . This tactic induces extreme pain while also blocking normal blood flow to the brain and can be potentially fatal if misapplied , according to medical experts cited in the local press . Police are also seen in videos groping the breasts of a female student under arrest , prompting local human rights groups to publicly denounce such sexual misconduct , and a women 's rights caucus to hold a protest today .
Thursday 's events brought broad criticism from political leaders and the public alike , with concerns that further escalation may cause deaths . This independent video shows police abusing students under arrest and firing potentially fatal rubber bullets as protesters then took to the streets , as well as reactions from the public affected by the mayhem . When the arrests began , the students were sitting on the ground , arms locked , in civil disobedience , as they have appeared on most days over the course of the past two weeks at entrances to the main university campus . The subtitled interview with a student being arrested was filmed from under a car , where the cameraman had retreated when police blocked his filming .
Expressions by a nun and teacher from a nearby parochial school echo widespread erosion of public confidence in the police , who in the past few years have been rocked by scandal , from killings attributed to police brutality or botched responses , to the biggest FBI police corruption sting in history with the arrest of more than 130 in October . Recent headlines indicate the new year began with the highest murder rate in a decade , with 111 murders in January , considerably exceeding the per capita rate for Mexico .
And with the campus occupied by police breaking a more than 30-year truce , the nerves of members of the university community are as frayed as one could expect should the past repeat itself in a Kent State-like scenario .
GO LONDON newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
You wait ages for an American podcaster to visit and then two arrive in the same week . After Marc Maron , who may be Barack Obama 's favourite podcaster , comes Adam Carolla , who perhaps numbers Jeremy Clarkson as a fan .
Like Clarkson , Carolla is an unapologetic petrolhead , and even presented an American version of Top Gear . When a member of last night 's audience asked the outspoken visitor what he thought about stars thumping staff , he seemed sympathetic . “ Guys punch guys . It 's how we beat the Nazis . ”
This gig was a special recording of stand-up-meets-chat for The Adam Carolla Show , which holds the world record for the most downloaded podcast . After a crowd-pleasing intro in which the imposing Californian skewered David Beckham 's lucrative US soccer career — “ all he did was get tattooed ” — and won over the audience by expressing his love of pubs , first guest Rich Hall appeared .
Hall and Carolla made a striking double act , the former 's wrinkly cynicism dovetailing neatly with the latter 's everyman misanthropy .
When they compared the travails of parenthood , the host had the last word , explaining how after he was told that children grow up in the blink of an eye he stood in front of his exasperating nine-year-old twins blinking constantly .
After the interval veteran rockers Colin Blunstone and Rod Argent recalled early fame and visiting “ Elvis Land ” . One can forgive Carolla for consulting his notes as he had only jetted in earlier in the day .
What was less forgivable was the way he often had his back to Hall as he probed his new guests . In a similar situation Grace Jones famously walloped TV host Russell Harty . I wonder how Carolla would have felt if he had been on the receiving end . Blokey banter , lots of denim . Quite like Top Gear , but with punchlines instead of punches .
Follow Going Out on Facebook and on Twitter @ ESgoingout
I watch way too much sport for my own good . NBA , NFL , football , Aussie Rules , you name it . I am totally a sports junkie , and when I watch good ultimate it has all the spectacular plays , heroics and drama of the others , just not the professional production quality .
What if we re-invented ultimate for television ? And by television , I mean broadcast . No one watches TV anymore . Many other sports have variations on the rules and better use of technology at higher levels specifically with broadcast in mind .
Ultimate is at an exciting stage , with pro-leagues in the US and talk of the Olympic Games . What better time to have a look . Just imagine what ultimate would look like if we had an unlimited budget ?
Did you know that poker machines are designed to keep people chemically engaged ? In our quest to get rich , poker machines create near misses and “ false wins ” . These near misses release dopamine and keep people putting money into the machine . It is pretty messed up , if you think about it . Even the musical tunes the machine plays are designed to be hypnotic !
What has this got to do with ultimate ? Well , I got to thinking . I 'm hooked on sports for the same reason : the near misses , the drama and excitement . Boatloads of dopamine are being released constantly while watching sport . No wonder I 'm hooked . And it turns out this has scientific backing .
So what specifically is it about sports that have this effect on people , and what aspects of ultimate fit this mold . If , say , ultimate needed to get major sponsors on board , we 'd need major viewership . And if we needed major viewership , we 'd have to make our broadcast compelling enough to attract ultimate and non-ultimate fans alike .
So what aspects of ultimate get the dopamine flowing ?
Look , I 'm not a scientist . I 'm not going to be able to run a double-blind study on what specifically in ultimate generates a dopamine spike for viewers . But I can certainly hypothesize . My intention here is to spark debate and gather ideas from the ultimate community . Then , hopefully , we can create some trial broadcasts to test how some of the ideas work .
Here are some of my ideas on what would make a more compelling ultimate broadcast . Please comment below if you have feedback and any other ideas , everything is on the table .
Stall count timed by an external timekeeper
In the NBA , you have a shot clock that shows viewers when players need to put up a shot by . This was invented in the 1950s because players would sometimes take forever to actually shoot a ball . Imagine a game as low scoring as 19-18 . This happened in the NBA because the shot clock did n't exist and players had no reason to shoot the ball . Today , the shot clock adds that extra bit of drama in to keep players shooting , and scores and excitement high .
We actually have this in ultimate too . It 's called the stall count . Why should n't viewers be able to share in this excitement and anticipation for a pass as well ? An on field shot clock that turns red . Perhaps there is an audible tone or beep at 2-3 seconds to go . We would have to start the count when possession is established ( rather than when a mark is established ) or have the marking player indicate that he is guarding for the stall to start .
Shorten the stall count
Most stall counts counted stalls are only 7-8 seconds anyway if you 're lucky…What would be a good number ?
Replays
Making replays of plays available to the players to assist with self-officiation . Who could argue with a clear replay ?
Replay challenge system
This is similar to the coaches challenge in NFL , perhaps each team has 3 challenges per game . Decision could be referred to team captains first , then non playing third parties selected by each team . Could involve a Game Advisor too perhaps . Hopefully having the ability to refer a decision will short circuit long call discussions and stop bad calls from changing the result of close games .
Heel Toe rule in out rule
If we go with replay challenges , something that is difficult to see is if your toe caught a grass blade before your heel landed on the line . In the NFL if your toe hits first inbounds and your heel comes down out of bounds it is out . I think we need some clarification like this if we are using replays to determine close in and out calls .
Remove or change pick calls
Nothing stops the dopamine faster than thinking your team has scored on an endzone break throw to win and it gets called back for a pick when there was no way the defender would have had a play . No idea what this rule should change too…I get that we do n't really want to create intentional screens…what is a good balance ? The USAU have made some changes in this area , are they enough , what should we do different ?
Short Shorts
For heaven 's sake…XXXL shorts that nearly hit your ankles are NOT COOL . Players have athletic legs…let 's show them off ! Think of the viewer numbers ! Aussie Rules Football in Australia have over 45 % women at their games ( I 'm not saying that all women like hot man legs , I 'm just saying that over 45 % of people that attend games are women ) . The tight jerseys and shorts may be helping !
Fat sidelines and Colored Endzones
The NFL has this and it looks awesome . It 's easy to see in and out calls live and on replays .
Audio of Player Discussions
If we 're going to continue with self-officiation discussions ( which is a whole can of spam that currently is the law of the land under WFDF rules ) , we should get audio and bring the viewer into the on field discussion . It would go a long way to ending confusion about calls and keeping it interesting . In addition we could link the commentators to the Game Advisor for further explanation of the rule/call . We did some of this at WUGC this year , did you like it , what could we do better ?
Other bold ideas
Remove timeouts during play – Are they really necessary ?
Make all turnovers like a 4th down turnover in NFL – Disc comes to where the thrower was . This way you ca n't just punt it downwind , which should lead to more turnovers near the upwind endzone , and therefore more upwind scores .
Get rid of the pull – Pulls take too long . Make it some form of backwards self pass , like how you start play in soccer after a goal .
Remove the need to be perfectly still and in the exact same spot after a stoppage – Lots of time is wasted as people move back to the right spot . The MLU and AUDL does this .
Better stats – Where on the field results in the most turnovers ? What type of throw ?
Keep stats on spirit things – Discussions , uncontested , etc . Put your spirit money where your spirit mouth is and highlight it quantifiably .
Increase the distance the marker must be from the thrower – Make it 1 metre . This would remove almost all foul and contact calls .
And here are some things ultimate already does , that I think we should keep :
Self refereeing
Apparently people like seeing good sportsmanship . Here 's an example in tennis : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=Q24vr-nwpbI
So many sports are based on how much you can get away with . There is diving , simulation and all sorts of ugly stuff . I think self refereeing really adds to the drama of the game . I am talking full self refereeing WFDF style where the ultimate decision is with the players .
I 'm not for long stoppages and ugly arguments , but I am for discussion and teaching conflict resolution . I am for promoting human drama and character . Imagine if a good spirited no call , or retraction made the sportscenter top 10 ?
So how can we prevent those long stoppages and ugly arguments ? Any ideas ? How could we leverage technology to solve this ? Can Game Advisors do more ?
Mixed Ultimate
There are so few mixed field sports in the world . This is a huge competitive advantage to ultimate . Good looking guys and girls running around playing high level ultimate , I would watch that !
Hard Cap Timing Rules
I really like that when the time cap goes , your team may still have an opportunity to come back . Some of the most exciting games I have seen have been 4-5 point runs to win after the buzzer . This removes junk time as the clock counts down when your team is down . However there is a good case that the buzzer beating scores and overtime in the pro leagues are good dopamine releases .
Look there 's no silver bullet that 's going to make ultimate more appealing to a broader audience . And even if we magically stumble upon that perfect formula overnight , it 's not going to generate the masses immediately . The masses will come , but I want ultimate to be prepared with the most compelling broadcast possible when they do .
So let me know your thoughts . What would the perfect ultimate broadcast look like ?
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AMY GOODMAN : I 'm joined by Angela Wellman . I sort of stumbled over her here in the State Capitol . So many hundreds of people slept here last night , led by the teachers ' union and environmentalists . It was blue-green night last night . I think tonight it 's going to be the nurses .
Angela , you 're a doctoral student in music . The TAA , the Teaching Assistants ' Association , has really — were the first ones to come here . Why ?
ANGELA WELLMAN : Why ? Because of the reason everyone else is here : the union-busting bill . And our Teaching Assistants ' Association is a union , and it directly affects us . But I think also for the people of Wisconsin , we 're here to fight and to say no to this bill and to occupy the Capitol , first of all , Capitol , to hold it . And we 've been here since the beginning . I was one of the first to actually come in the building on Monday , February 14th , where we delivered hundreds and hundreds of Valentine 's Day cards to the Governor .
Nowadays , there are so many energy balls recipes out there , all made with chocolate , almond butter and dates . Do n't get me wrong , they are really delicious and I made quite a lot of them . But now I felt like I was ready for a change . I felt kind of fruity , now that it 's getting really warm outside .
Apricots remind me of sunshine and refreshing drinks somehow . That 's why I tried vanilla apricot energy bites . Besides my favourite vegan ice cream , they are my absolutely favourite treat now , when you sit outside whil enjoying the warm weather and the beautiful sun .
I 'm a huge fan of energy balls . Sadly , during my prep I was n't able to do make or enjoy any of them . Now I can ! ; )
Best thing about them : They 're made in just 15 minutes . No joke !
If you 're in need to curb your sweet cravings with a healthier nutrient-dense snack , go ahead and try these ! They are also perfect for meal prep , as they are highly portable .
Ingredients
( for approx . 18 balls )
70g chopped nuts
180g dried apricots
10g oats
5g chia seeds
1/2 tsp vanilla essence
1/2 tsp cinnamon
optional : 10g protein powder ( I used vanilla whey )
Macros per ball
Calories : 51
Protein : 1.8g
Carbs : 5g
Fat : 2.1g
Instructions
Put the chopped nuts in a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped . Add the apricots , oats , chia seeds , vanilla essence and cinnamon and pulse until chopped well . Using 1 tbsp at a time , form the mixture into balls . Put in the fridge for 1 hour and enjoy .
Let me know if you tried and enjoyed these vanilla apricot energy balls or if you have any other energy ball recipe you want to share with everyone in the comment section !
Buy Photo Amerks goalie Andrey Makarov made a name for himself after being called up to Rochester from the ECHL . ( Photo : Jamie Germano/ , Staff photographer ) Buy Photo
The Calder Cup playoffs have once again come and gone for the Rochester Americans .
They 'll be going home while three more rounds of competition still must be played before the Cup is hoisted .
In sports , teams are judged by success : wins and losses , championship banners and champagne showers .
Feel free to maybe spray some carbonated generic spring water if you 'd like , but that would be about the extent of any toast .
The Amerks lost more than they won ( 37 victories and 39 losses , although they did earn a point in 11 of the defeats by reaching overtime ) and were ousted from the playoffs in the first round for the third consecutive spring .
Being among the 16 teams to earn a playoff berth in the 30-team American Hockey League is akin to receiving your high school diploma — not graduating magna cum laude . Thus , there 's no way the Amerks can claim that this was a successful season .
But it was hardly a waste .
After all , from the standpoint of ownership — the Buffalo Sabres — there was plenty to like :
• The young defensemen grew a great deal , especially Rasmus Ristolainen , Mark Pysyk and Chad Ruhwedel .
• The abilities and/or potential of rookie right winger Joel Armia and rookie center Tim Schaller were reaffirmed .
• This group learned how to persevere . There were times when half the real team was injured or on recall , yet they managed to win . There were times when they were down to two AHL defensemen , and they survived . They endured a nine-game losing streak that seemingly ended their playoff hopes in late March , but they bulled their way out of the junkyard and climbed from 11th to seventh in the conference with a 7-1-1 finishing kick .
“ Every time our back was against the wall , our team competed hard , ” coach Chadd Cassidy said .
Here are some of the most important things we learned this season :
• Ristolainen is going to be a star . He 's big , he knows it , he 's very willing to play with an edge , and he has the perfect temperament to deal with what the game throws at him . Throw in his skill set and , voila : the Sabres ' next 26-minute-a-game defenseman .
• Center Phil Varone is n't just a scorer . He showed he could kill penalties and win faceoffs last year and continued to do so this year . But he emerged as a leader , and his competitive desire was very evident . “ There was a lot more leadership from Phil in the locker room and on the bench , ” Cassidy said . “ It 's been interesting watching him grow . ”
Varone was asked following Sunday 's 4-2 season-ending loss in Game 5 at Chicago whether the end result was any different than getting swept the previous two years . “ You ca n't sugar-coat it , ” he said . “ We still lost . ”
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Stay in the know about what is happening in HS sports Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Thurs Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
• Goalie Andrey Makarov can play . That 's the one benefit to come from all the injuries suffered by the Sabres , or by players who were with the Sabres . If Jhonas Enroth and Michal Neuvirth had n't been injured , the organization still would n't know what to think of Makarov .
But he was promoted from ECHL Fort Wayne in mid-March and became the Amerks ' go-to goalie . He was the backbone to their April surge and was stingy to the very end in the playoff series with the Wolves .
“ He was n't going to get a chance in the American Hockey League if everything went according to script , ” Cassidy said . “ Obviously he made a name for himself . ”
• Matt Hackett does n't appear to be the long-term answer in Buffalo . Plain and simple , he was n't good with the Amerks on very many nights . He had a 13-17-2-2 record , 3.07 goals-against average and .899 save percentage . Nathan Lieuwen , behind the same lineup , went 17-11-0-2 with a 2.34 GAA and .922 save percentage . Those are major differences .
Now , goalies can have bad seasons and then rebound . See Drew MacIntyre . But there 's no question Hackett 's stock dropped , and now he 'll enter the 2014-15 season coming off significant knee surgery .
• Schaller could end up being a great find . He was signed out of Providence College last spring with the belief that he could mature into a solid checking forward . While it took more than three months for the real Tim Schaller to emerge , he was one of the Amerks ' most effective players over the final two months as the center with wingers Brayden Irwin and Colton Gillies .
“ You really noticed his skating down the stretch , ” Cassidy said . “ If that line was n't our best every night , it was one of the most effective . ”
• Sometimes that key veteran signing in the summer turns out to be not so good : For instance , Mike Zigomanis did n't meet expectations , all because of injuries . When he played , he was pretty effective ( 12 goals , 17 assists , 29 points in 50 games ) . But at crunch time , when the Amerks really needed his playoff experience and smarts , his body failed him . He played just two of the final 11 games and missed the entire playoff series because of a lower-body ailment .
KEVINO @ DemocratandChronicle.com
Twitter/com/ @ kevinoDandC
Former Chelsea winger Paul Canoville believes Oscar 's best role could be in the centre of the Blues ' midfield .
The Brazilian has been played out wide by Guus Hiddink , while the manager 's preferred midfield pairing of John Mikel Obi and Nemanja Matic has received plenty of criticism .
And Canoville , a crowd favourite during a five-year spell at Stamford Bridge in the 1980s , says Oscar is far less effective on the flank and could bring much-needed dynamism to the centre of the pitch .
“ I like both Matic and Mikel , but I think it 's either one or the other , ” Canoville told West London Sport . “ It 's a tough call between the two , and you can argue for either .
“ Playing one of them would give Oscar the chance to get box to box . He is not a wide player and needs to be playing centrally .
“ In pre-season , he was doing the lot – picking up the ball deep , running , making things happen .
“ Of the two , Mikel probably deserves to play at the moment , but although Matic has not played anywhere near the level he can do , he is still a fine player . When he came he was great but has gone off the boil .
“ But he could be the ideal partner for Oscar , who I think could play in the deeper role and give a better balance to the side . ”
Finding Fabregas
That would leave Cesc Fabregas , who partnered Matic in midfield for much of last season , in the number 10 role Hiddink believes gets the best out of the Spaniard .
Fabregas attracted criticism during the first part of the season but his form has improved since Hiddink took charge .
“ Fabregas has started to buck his ideas up and that 's vital because can be such an influential player , ” Canoville said .
“ He is far more dangerous further forward , doing what he can with the ball and making things happen .
“ He 's wasted when he 's too deep or playing out wide . The freedom suits him . ”
Ruben not quite at the ready
Many fans have called for Ruben Loftus-Cheek to be given a run in the side , particularly in light of Matic 's laboured performances .
But Canoville believes exciting youngsters such as Loftus-Cheek and Kenedy should be given time to develop .
“ Ruben Loftus-Cheek has done very well and has impressed me , ” he said .
“ Everyone is chatting about him because he is so talented . But in the situation we are in , now is not the time to give him a long run .
“ His chance will come to show what he can do , but that may be towards the end of the season .
“ There are too many important games at the moment and we need to stay in contention as long as we can . We need stability and experience in the side .
“ I love the way Kenedy plays too . He is so exciting to watch and he plays without fear .
“ The youngsters will get their chance but now is the time for experience . ”
Update : Disney and Lucasfilm have confirmed to us that this art was not created by them for the movie and are not aware of its origins . We have added thoughts on its potential origins below .
Solo : A Star Wars Story is supposed to open in just a few months and Lucasfilm has yet to unveil a trailer . Or a teaser . Or even a proper photo of the cast in-character . We have n't even seen an official look at Alden Ehrenreich as Han Solo yet ! Sure , this is all because of the troubled production and the extensive reshoots , but it 's been giving Star Wars fans grey hairs .
But now , international promotional art showing off the film 's characters has arrived online and it gives us a look at Han , Lando , Chewbacca , a new mystery character , and the Millennium Falcon .
Update : Although Disney says this art did not come from them or Lucasfilm , it looks more polished than typical fan art , especially since it includes elements ( like a modified Millennium Falcon ) that we have never seen before . It is entirely possible that this was art created for a local film market , utilizing official elements . It is also possible that this is art created by a licensee outside of Disney .
Annnd now this Russian calendar has popped up on Reddit . Curiouser and curiouser . pic.twitter.com/6WtHCbV6bw — Chad Richard Smalley ( @ chadrsmalley ) December 27 , 2017
First of all , we 're looking at a young Han Solo , played by Alden Ehrenreich , who is wearing a snazzy coat and a snazzier smirk ( I 'm glad to see they resisted the temptation to just put him in a black vest again ) .
Off to his side is a young Lando Calrissian , played by Donald Glover . It 's not clear if he 's wearing one of his trademark space capes , but that high collar suggests that this debonair con man and gambler is still the best-dressed man in the galaxy . And also : that hairstyle !
Lurking on the edge of the art is Emilia Clarke ‘ s mystery character . There 's nothing we can really discern from this ( is she wearing a fur-lined coat ? ) , but her presence off to the side , looming over everyone else , suggests someone of significance . Is this the woman who breaks young Han 's heart and makes him the scoundrel we meet in the Mos Eisley cantina ?
The Millennium Falcon is also present , but it 's not quite the hunk of junk we know and love . It looks clean and spiffy , boasting a fresh paint job and some splashes of blue coloring . Interestingly , one fan has pointed out to us that this version of the ship actually contradicts canon :
Sure , but that would contradict canon , no ? `` [ … ] The Falcon 's side-mounted cockpit and front-facing mandibles recall her origins as an intermodal tug pushing containers in orbital freight yards [ … ] '' -this quote is from the TFA Incredible Cross-Sections Book published by Del Rey . pic.twitter.com/tqOVTlq35G — Thor von Blitz ( @ Thor_von_Blitz ) December 27 , 2017
Of course , the mighty Chewbacca is on hand , leaning on Han and wearing a different belt across his chest . Are those explosive shells of some kind ? In the old expanded universe , Han rescued Chewie from Imperial slavery , and it 's been suggested that the new movie could borrow that basic template .
A Russian licensing site also has a new description of the movie . Here is a ( very ) roughly translated version :
The film “ Han Solo ” is the second film in a series of pictures about various heroes and events of the universe Star Wars after “ Rogue One A Star Wars Story ” , not directly related to the action of the legendary space Sagas . Han Solo is an exciting story about intergalactic adventures , in which tells about the adventures of young Han Solo , about how he got into difficult situations and found an outlet from them , as he became the same a smuggler , a rebel , a bully , a hero , whom we all know and love .
Solo : A Star Wars Story is directed by Ron Howard and will open on May 25 , 2018 .
For the first time in almost two months , World Series of Fighting ( WSOF ) will run a live event . And WSOF 22 : `` Palhares vs. Shields '' on Aug. 1 , 2015 , promises to be one of their biggest cards of the year .
WSOF held a conference call earlier this afternoon ( July 22 , 2015 ) to discuss the NBC Sports-televised event , which is set for Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada . Welterweight champion Rousimar Palhares headlines the show against No . 1-ranked contender Jake Shields .
WSOF 22 will go head-to-head with UFC 190 : `` Ronda Rousey vs. Bethe Correia '' on the same night .
Other fighters slotted for the main card also joined the conference call , including Bantamweight champion Marlon Moraes and his opponent Sheymon Moraes , as well as Light Heavyweight veterans Thiago Silva and Mike Kyle . Of course , WSOF executives Ray Sefo and Ali Abdel-Aziz were on the line , too .
Shields wasted no time going after Palhares for his alleged reputation for hurting opponents :
`` Palhares is a guy I do n't really care for . He 's a dirty guy who likes hurting people . He 's a bad person so it makes it fun to go out there and punch him . I mostly focus on what I do best but I spent a little extra time on leg locks . I spent some time with Dean Lister . ( Palhares ) has one thing he 's amazing at , he 's a really dangerous guy , but I 'm feeling really comfortable right now . ''
Palhares seemed completely unfazed by his comments :
`` It does n't really bother ( me ) . Everybody 's really good at jiu-jitsu , and he knows he has to have good submissions to submit a great fighter . Jake Shields is pretty good , but ( I 'm ) better and he will find out . ''
Bantamweight champion Marlon Moraes addressed fighting second from the top :
`` World Series sees how good ( Sheymon ) is , I think he belongs in that position , and you 're going to see how good we are . You guys should n't be missing this fight . It 's high level . I think we are even better than the UFC champion . It 's going to be a war and I 'm ready to take it . ''
The undefeated Sheymon Moraes addressed his opponent with equal respect :
`` I 'm happy to face a guy like Marlon , I 've followed his career for a long time , I know his work , but I 'm training hard and I 'm ready to get this win and bring this belt ( home . ) ''
WSOF President Ray Sefo was asked about UFC firing Jacob Duran and if they would attempt to bring `` Stitch '' into the organization .
`` 'Stitch ' and I have been friends for years . Now that he 's a free agent , we want the best guys out there , and we want a guy who knows how to look after fighters . I 'm interested in him working for us . ''
Both Shields and Palhares were asked about Palhares ' fight with Alan Belcher , one he lost by technical knockout in the first round back in 2012 .
Shields : `` ( Palhares ) is weak mentally . You can see how he quits . He does n't like getting hit . ( Palhares ) turns away when he gets hit . ''
Palhares : `` It made me strong and made me better . I think everybody can see that . I 'll beat him anywhere . ''
Silva spoke about stepping into to replace Tyrone Spong for a fight with Kyle :
`` I 'm gon na try to be a complete fighter . I 'm pushing myself to be good standing , good on the ground , a good grappler . I 'm going to fight hard and use all of my weapons . It 's gon na be a war . I 'm ready to fight anywhere . I really do n't care . I 'm here to do my best and to get the job done . ''
Kyle concurred with Silva 's assessment of his overall skill :
`` I 'm concerned about everything . He 's a well rounded fighter who 's been fighting in the sport for a long time . To say I 'm worried about one thing would be lying . He 's a dangerous fighter but I really feel confident and I know I prepared for a war . It 's unfortunate I do n't get Tyrone Spong , but ( Silva ) was willing to jump in on short notice and I 'm thankful for the opportunity . ''
Sefo talked about the stacked card and going head to head with UFC 190 .
`` This is one of our best cards to date . We go with the fighters and who 's available and what makes sense . Sometimes we 're going do two world title fights , sometimes we 're going do one . It 's important we have our champions out there as much as we can . You have the Ronda Rousey show and the World Series of Fighting show . She 's pound for pound one of the best in the world . You can go on any website and watch the highlights -- and how long is the fight gon na be ? Our fight card we have really great match-ups , you do n't know who 's going to win , who 's going to lose . ''
Matchmaker Ali Abdel-Aziz felt the co-main event was being overlooked :
`` The best technical fight you can put on today between two guys -- Moraes vs. Moraes . They both come from great camps . Both guys have great punching power , aggressive , they 're well rounded . On Saturday night Sheymon Moraes is going to be the biggest challenge Marlon Moraes has . If you really love martial arts you should tune in and watch this fight . ''
Abdel-Aziz also took exception to the idea Palhares is `` dirty '' in any way :
`` He 's the champ , he beat two guys , if the commission saw anything wrong they would have suspended him . His track record in World Series of Fighting is clean . He 's a professional , Jake is a professional . ''
Palhares said that the mind games do n't bother him , and that his reputation is exaggerated either way :
`` They do n't say that about me in Brazil , it 's only here ( in the States ) , and I 'm not worried about it . ''
The complete ( NSFW ) audio of our today 's conference call is below and complete WSOF coverage is right here at MMAmania.com .
* * * * *
Derrick Quarm ( pictured ) complained the comment by a detective was ‘ overtly racist ' because it referred to the black and ethnic minority population in Lambeth , South London
Senior officers failed to investigate a policeman who compared an inner-city borough to ‘ Planet of the Apes ' in the aftermath of the 2011 London riots , it was claimed yesterday .
Black officer Derrick Quarm complained the comment by a detective was ‘ overtly racist ' because it referred to the black and ethnic minority population in Lambeth , South London .
But he said senior managers attempted to ‘ bury the incident ' .
DC Quarm said he found it ‘ incredible ' that managers failed to investigate the comment – allegedly made in the days of heightened racial tension after the police shooting of Mark Duggan , which sparked the London riots and looting – for almost three years .
The plain clothes officer claimed it was investigated only after he included it in a report about his experiences of alleged racism , corruption and cover-ups within policing in Lambeth .
The force was described as ‘ institutionally racist ' by the inquiry into the murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence and Mr Quarm said his experiences showed it had not done enough to combat racism among its own officers .
But his attempts to force Scotland Yard to address the problem resulted in him facing a campaign of ‘ detriment and hostility ' , he told an employment tribunal .
The former paratrooper said his senior officers falsely accused him of incompetence and lying in an attempt to discredit him as a whistleblower , and called their behaviour ‘ classic school ground bullying ' .
He was treated as a ‘ troublemaker ' , accused of losing evidence in a stabbing case and overloaded with paperwork to punish him for speaking out , he said .
Disturbingly , he told South London Employment Tribunal in Croydon that his senior officers ' behaviour had hindered his police work and even stopped him from preventing a murder .
DC Quarm , who has served in the Metropolitan Police for 18 years , said he had attempted to raise his concerns with the force 's commissioner , Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe , and other top-ranking officers .
Mr Quarm 's attempts to force Scotland Yard to address the problem resulted in him facing a campaign of ‘ detriment and hostility ' , he told an employment tribunal
But he claimed the ‘ Planet of the Apes ' comment , allegedly made by DS Matthew Price , was investigated only after he raised it at a previous employment tribunal , in which he unsuccessfully accused the Met of race discrimination .
DC Quarm said : ‘ In early August 2011 after the shooting of Mark Duggan , there were several witnesses to DS Price in Lambeth commenting “ It 's like being in Planet of the Apes ” in reference to the numbers of BAME [ black and minority ethnic ] people around him .
‘ I expressed concern that no formal investigation had taken place into this incident . There was a clear breach of policy and legislation , including the Public Order Act 1986 that was not investigated .
DC Quarm claimed senior officers failed to investigate a policeman who compared an inner-city borough to ‘ Planet of the Apes ' in the aftermath of the 2011 London riots ( file picture )
'To my mind the SLT [ senior leadership team ] managers who had made the decision to bury the incident were at fault … I found it incredible that the Lambeth SLT decision makers would buck policy and legislation then protect DS Price 's behaviour . '
DC Quarm , 41 , said Lambeth referred the 2011 incident to the Independent Police Complaints Commission in 2014 only after he had raised concerns in his previous employment tribunal .
The police watchdog referred it back to the Met with a recommendation that the force 's own professional standards department should investigate .
Punished for speaking out
The employment tribunal was told the internal probe found DS Price had no case to answer .
DC Quarm told the hearing he had unearthed a ‘ white collar criminal network ' in Lambeth but was ‘ portrayed as a pathological liar ' after reporting his findings , and claimed his previous managers briefed his new bosses in a different borough that he ‘ played the race card ' .
He has previously lost two employment tribunals in which he accused the Met of overlooking him for promotion because of race discrimination .
The Met disputes his version of events , given during a current employment tribunal in which DC Quarm claims he was treated unfairly after coming forward as a whistleblower .
Paris : the city of lights , and the city of endless romanticizing from Americans who have heard that it 's a magical land of baguettes and artistic freedom . Americans have been traveling to Paris to be appreciated for their poetic struggle for years , and a whole Seine 's worth of books have come along to share the story of Americans in Paris , from the Lost Generation to Henry James to James Baldwin . In this list we 're looking at some of the best and most crucial memoirs and biographies of some of ( North ) America 's best artists and most interesting expats .
A Moveable Feast by Ernest Hemingway
A crucial piece of the Hemingway mythology , this memoir takes you to 1920s expatriate Paris with Hemingway and the rest of the gang , including F. Scott Fitzgerald , Gertrude Stein , and Ford Maddox Ford , among others . Learn where Hemingway smoked , drank , and wrote , and feel some sort of inspiration in that knowledge .
Ivo Vegter argues in his latest column that comparisons between gang rape and the Businesses Licensing Bill are perfectly acceptable . As one of the people who found a recent Business Day column employing this metaphor to be offensive , I – unsurprisingly – disagree .
There I was in Speech Police HQ , putting my feet up , when my two-way radio crackled to life .
“ We got a Code Red on our hands , ” barked the voice on the other end . I dropped my donut , uneaten , and reached into my drawer for my Tippex and a cloth gag . “ Unapproved rape metaphor deployed in national newspaper . Perp is a middle-aged white dude . GO GO GO ! ”
Is this how Ivo Vegter imagines that scenes play out whenever someone daringly presumes to defy the feminazi power bloc that controls our world ? I could n't shake the impression from reading his latest column . On behalf of the “ self-appointed speech police ” , the “ shrill ” objectors , the “ nannies ” and the “ sanctimonious busybodies ” , allow me to say : Yes . Yes , that is how we roll . And we 're coming for you next , Vegter .
Flippancy aside , I thought Vegter 's latest column was awful . I know I can state that without fear of misunderstanding , because Vegter will instantly appreciate that I intend “ awful ” in the original 13th century sense of “ inspiring wonder ” . There was much to wonder about in Vegter 's argument , not least his claim that the word “ rape ” can acceptably be used today to mean a kind of vague “ plunder ” because that 's how they used it in the late 14th century . That 's cute . ( I mean cute in the modern sense , not “ keenly perceptive or discerning ” , 1731 . )
Incidentally , if it 's fine to use “ rape ” in a loose way to mean “ plunder ” , then presumably the same must hold for “ rapist ” . I look forward to putting this to the test at my next visit to the bank , when I raise the issue of my exorbitant service fees . “ You 're a rapist ! ” I 'll shout at the bank teller . Perhaps I 'll turn around to people in the queue , point at him , and say “ That man right there is a rapist ! ” They will all understand that what I mean to say is that , through the performance of his professional duties , he routinely depletes my savings . Then we will all have a good laugh and the “ rapist ” and I will high-five , or whatever contact is permitted through that little bit of glass at the bottom of the window .
Vegter has taken it upon himself to defend rape metaphors from the scourge of political correctness threatening our fundamental liberties because , he says , of an “ outcry ” sparked by a column written for Business Day by Free Market Foundation director Leon Louw , titled “ Yet another example of ‘ rape by regulation ' ” . I do n't know how Vegter defines “ outcry ” , but to me it suggests a public reaction outstripping about five tweets , which is all I could find on the matter .
However , I was one of a number of people I know who found Louw 's comparison between gang rape and proposed business legislation to be a grotesque rhetorical choice in a week which saw Anene Booysen 's horrific attack dominating headlines again . Though Louw began by comparing the strategy of gang rapists manipulating a victim to the strategy of a government trying to coerce business into complying with its regulations , as Vegter suggests , this does not adequately convey the glib manner in which the rape analogy is extended towards the end of the piece .
“ My 45 years of activism have exposed me to countless examples of regulatory gang rape , such as when mines opposed confiscation of their mineral rights ” , writes Louw , for instance . Small and emerging businesses are “ the obvious victims of rape by regulation ” .
Because I found this language use on a prominent public platform disturbing , I – along with around 40 other signatories – wrote an email to Leon Louw outlining my discomfort , and the reasons for it . Gender activist Michelle Solomon followed up by telephoning Louw personally to discuss the issue : a conversation she described as mutually constructive .
I have the privilege of a public forum available to me , in terms of my employment with the Daily Maverick , but I wrote an email to Louw , rather than a public op-ed condemning Louw , because I have come to realise that too often these issues are used as an opportunity for public points-scoring rather than a genuine attempt at engagement . “ Grandstanding by anti-rape activists makes the message commonplace , and the messengers appear shrill , ” writes Vegter . But where is the grandstanding on this occasion ? I would suggest Mr Vegter takes a look in the mirror .
Because Vegter has no actual public material in this instance to argue against , he simply makes some up . The great thing about creating an imaginary argument is that you can make up a really weak one . To give a few examples :
“ Some might say – falsely and revealingly – that my gender disqualifies me from having an opinion . ”
They might , might n't they . But that would be pretty dumb , right ? The email I wrote to Louw on the subject was signed by a number of men who felt themselves perfectly entitled to the view that this kind of loose use of rape as a metaphor may be offensive and potentially harmful .
“ For those who believe only a victim has a right to a view… ”
Well , again , that would be silly , would n't it ? These are not reasonable points , but Vegter devotes part of his column to tramping on them .
The use of metaphor underpins all of human language , and Vegter notes correctly that other metaphors of violence are commonplace . The importance of metaphor in shaping our understandings of the world , and sometimes in directing concrete public policy , has also been recognised for a number of decades . Anyone who doubts this should consider taking a look at a 1991 paper by one of the world 's foremost linguists , GeorgeLakoff , titled Metaphor and War .
The paper is an extremely coherent explication of how the US government 's use of certain metaphors to frame the public understanding of the situation in Iraq systematically concealed the terrible consequences of the Gulf War . Lakoff wrote it as a cri de coeur as much as anything : “ It is vital , literally vital , to understand just what role metaphorical thought is playing in bringing us to the brink of war , ” he pleaded .
In healthcare , too , the ability of metaphor to shape thought and policy has been much observed . As early as 1978 , Susan Sontag warned in Illness as Metaphor that the tendency to frame cancer as a “ battle ” had negative real-life consequences : a focus on particularly violent , invasive treatments , and a lack of attention paid to long-term palliative care , to name a few . “ Of course , one can not think without metaphors , ” Sontag wrote in her follow-up , Aids And Its Metaphors . “ But that does not mean there are n't some metaphors we might well abstain from or try to retire . ”
In short , metaphors matter , and they should be used with care from influential platforms . Sometimes metaphors have been around so long that we do n't notice they are n't literal any more . Linguists call these “ dead ” metaphors . “ Live ” metaphors , on the other hand , are those which leap out at a reader or listener because they have not yet been divorced from their literal meaning . Writing on the specific problem of the rape metaphor , Stanford professor Arnold Zwicky notes : “ A lot depends on how many people – and which ones – ca n't shake the literal sense of rape . ”
Perhaps this holds the key to our current disagreement : that Louw and Vegter , and many others , are more able to disassociate “ rape ” from the literal act than people like me , and many others , and consequently do not find its loose application metaphorically to be disagreeable . This could be for a multitude of personal and social reasons . But I am given reason to doubt this due to the fact that Vegter explicitly says that he knows the rape metaphor is shocking : “ the rape analogy would fall flat if it was not widely viewed as extremely grave , ” he writes .
He continues : “ Those who wish rape to be taken seriously should welcome its use as the standard for evil ” . Vegter believes that the proposed Businesses Licensing Bill is “ evil ” . To me , that is a vast rhetorical stretch . Misguided , maybe ; potentially disastrous , sure ; but evil ? And if Vegter 's argument is that the rape metaphor should be reserved for situations of “ evil ” , then presumably he should join me in deploring the common slang term “ Facebook rape ” , to describe a situation in which a friend hacks into your account to post a fake status .
Zwicky concludes his discussion of the rape metaphor by pointing out : “ These are n't absolute matters , in which one set of speakers or another gets to stipulate which usage attitudes are ‘ right ' . It 's a complex negotiation. ” In other words , Vegter is completely within his rights to argue that a rape metaphor is justified . I am completely within my own rights to argue the opposite . That is the true beauty of “ free speech ” , which the likes of Vegter sometimes seem to think protects only their right to say whatever they please .
Here 's one final thing I never get about these kinds of “ free speech debates ” , and those who style themselves as their champion . “ Non-PC ” language is pretty much the norm . Sure , that may not be the case for certain prestigious newspapers and broadcasters , but you only have to breezily glance at the Internet to see that in society generally , it very much is the case . Those who ride bravely out to defend rape metaphors , sexist jokes and the like are not fighting some lonely , righteous crusade . They are staunchly upholding a very old , very tired status quo . DM
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCA N'T ?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme . While not quite a `` state of mind '' , it is a mindset : it 's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it 's about having the will to support that endeavour .
From the # GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS , Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it 's political landscape . As we enter an election year , our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important . A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud ; without it , national polls can turn very nasty , very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo .
If you would like a practical , tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider . You choose how much to contribute and how often ( monthly or annually ) and in exchange , you will receive a host of awesome benefits . The greatest benefit of all ( besides inner peace ) ? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support .
Rebecca Davis Follow Save More Rebecca Davis studied at Rhodes University and Oxford before working in lexicography at the Oxford English Dictionary . After deciding she 'd rather make up words than define them , she returned to South Africa in 2011 to write for the Daily Maverick , which has been a magnificilious decision .
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments . To join the conversation , sign up as a Maverick Insider .
Early Wednesday morning , at about 5:15am ET , the moon will turn an ominous shade of red as the earth passes between it and the sun . This is the second total eclipse in an unusual series of four consecutive total eclipses that began in April of 2014 and will continue through April of next year .
“ It 's called a blood moon , but I do n't want people to be agitated by that , ” popular astrologer Susan Miller tells TIME . And while the April 15 lunar eclipse signaled a time of conflict and even tragedy — Miller notes that was the day day Boko Haram kidnapped 276 schoolgirls in Nigeria and the day before a South Korean ferry capsized leaving 300 dead and missing — “ this one is much more gentle . ”
In fact , Miller says the change that the Oct. 8 lunar eclipse brings , although shocking at first , will even be good , at least according to the stars . To understand why , we asked her all the questions you 'd want to ask a famous astrologer .
What does a lunar eclipse signify ?
“ This eclipse is a full moon so something is coming from to an ending or culmination , ” she explains .
“ Eclipses are non-negotiable , ” Miller says . “ They end something and they bring something else . But it really needed to end… There 's a shock factor first , and then a solution that turns out to be so good that you realize , wait a minute , this is a blessing .
Miller recalls when she had a houseguest who “ spent the whole year crying on my couch , ” coincidentally over the course of a series of five eclipses . On the first eclipse , her husband asked for a divorce . On the second , he told her that he wanted to sell the house . Come the third the house was sold , fourth the property was split , and on the final eclipse the divorce was finalized .
So what do you do after that initial jolt of the eclipse ?
Miller sees an eclipse as a dog pulling at your skirt , leading in a particular direction . Like Lassie . Or an aggressive French bulldog determined to be taken on a walk .
“ They demand action , ” she says . “ If your mindset is , ‘ It 's not convenient for me to be thinking about this , ' the universe laughs at you . ”
So if you feel sick , go to the doctor . Even if you 're scared . Whatever the diagnosis , it needs to be treated . Furthermore , if you lose a job , do n't ask for it back . If a relationship ends , accept the breakup . “ Just keep your dignity , ” Miller advises . “ We have to realize some people are n't buying what you 're selling . “
And do n't panic .
“ Even though initially all things look lost , take a breath , wait a few days , a gold triangle will kick in , ” she says . ( A gold triangle is a good thing . )
See the Best Photos of the Blood Moon Narendra Shrestha—EPA Guo Chen—Xinhua/Sipa Yoshikazu Tsuno—AFP/Getty Images Mark Blinch—Reuters David Becker—Zuma Press Imaginechina/Corbis Imaginechina/Corbis Rick Rycroft—AP 1 of 8 Advertisement
Who will feel this month 's eclipse the most ?
While most people will feel it around Wednesday , Miller estimates 5 % of TIME readers have already felt the impact of the eclipse , as dates are relatively flux in the astrological world . The degree of an eclipse 's impact , of course , varies depending on one 's birthdate .
Those who will feel it “ right on the nose , ” says Miller , include people born near October 8 , plus or minus five days . January 8 , plus or minus five days ; April 8 , plus or minus five days ; and July 8 , plus or minus five days .
“ That includes the United States , ” Miller says .
Say what about the United States ?
According to Miller , countries are n't exempt from the lunar eclipse . So yes , because America 's birthday is July 4th , the nation will also be affected by the eclipse , according to her predictions .
“ When you look at Obama 's list of concerns around the world , it keeps growing , ” Miller says . “ All the astrologists knew that it would be a tough time for America . But we 've had tough times before , this is n't the first time we 've had eclipses there . ”
This eclipse in particular relates to reputation . “ Edward Snowden had really damaged our reputation , and it looks like we have another little thing to go , ” Miller says . “ Maybe it 's the secret service ? Something may come up later this week . It could be a top person stepping down ? ”
But Miller says that it is going to get better .
The takeaway ?
Just remember to keep on , keeping on . No matter what , there 's a new moon on October 23 .
“ That one , ” Miller says , “ is nice . ”
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
BISMARCK – The North Dakota Supreme Court on Tuesday reversed a Fargo-based district judge 's ruling that had blocked a 2011 state law limiting drug-induced abortions , letting the law stand despite three of the court 's five justices saying it violates the U.S. Constitution .
Attorneys for the Red River Women 's Clinic in Fargo , North Dakota 's only abortion clinic , had argued that the law was effectively a ban on medication abortions , an alternative to surgical abortion that is chosen by about 20 percent of the clinic 's patients .
They now have 14 days to petition the Supreme Court for a rehearing before the law takes effect . David Brown , an attorney with the New York-based Center for Reproductive Rights , which represented the clinic , said Tuesday afternoon he was still digesting the 103-page opinion and could n't say yet whether a petition will be filed .
“ It 's a disappointment for our clients . It 's a disappointment for the women of North Dakota , ” he said of the opinion .
Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem , whose office defended the law passed by the Republican-majority Legislature , said he also was still digesting the opinion .
“ I think the important thing is they did not succeed in establishing a state constitutional right to abortion , which was their goal , ” Stenehjem said .
After a three-day trial in April 2013 , Cass County District Court Judge Wickham Corwin agreed with the clinic , finding that the law was essentially a ban on all medication abortions that violated the state constitution and was an undue burden on a woman 's right to an abortion under the federal constitution .
Corwin permanently blocked the law , after having granted a temporary injunction stopping it from taking effect on Aug. 1 , 2011 .
The state appealed Corwin 's ruling to the Supreme Court .
Justices were split on whether the law was unconstitutional under both the state and federal constitutions .
The Supreme Court was evenly split on whether the law violated the state constitution , with Justices Mary Muehlen Maring and Carol Ronning Kapsner finding it did and Chief Justice Gerald VandeWalle and Justice Dale Sandstrom finding it did n't . Justice Daniel Crothers concluded the state constitutional issue did n't need to be decided .
Maring , Kapsner and Crothers found the law violated the U.S. Constitution , while VandeWalle found that it was n't unconstitutional at the federal level . Sandstrom opined that the federal question did n't belong before the state Supreme Court .
Tuesday 's opinion hinged on the North Dakota Constitution 's requirement that at least four members of the Supreme Court be in agreement to declare a statute unconstitutional .
VandeWalle , Sandstrom and Crothers found that while three justices found the law to be unconstitutional under the U.S. Constitution , that was n't a sufficient majority to declare the law unconstitutional . Kapsner and Maring – who heard the appeal before retiring Dec. 31 – disagreed , finding there was a sufficient majority .
“ The effect of the separate opinions in this case is that ( the law ) is not declared unconstitutional by a sufficient majority and that the district court judgment permanently enjoining the State from enforcing ( the law ) is reversed , ” the opinion stated .
Brown said that because it takes four justices to declare a statute constitutional , “ the vote of two justices in this particular case beats the vote of three , which is unique to North Dakota as far as I know . ”
“ We think the three justices who said the law unconstitutionally played politics with women 's health care and women 's lives is the right decision , ” he said .
The clinic began offering medication abortions in 2007 using two prescription drugs , mifepristone and misoprostol , according to testimony from the trial . Medication abortions are provided at up to nine weeks of pregnancy .
The clinic contends that while House Bill 1297 might not be an outright ban on medication abortion , it would act as a de facto ban by requiring the clinic to use an outdated protocol on the U.S Food and Drug Administration 's approved label for mifepristone , which would prevent women whose pregnancy is past 49 days from having a medication abortion .
Women eligible for the procedure also would have to return to the clinic to take the second drug instead of taking it at home , which would put them in harm 's way because they begin to experience bleeding , cramping and other symptoms soon after ingesting the drug , attorney Autumn Katz argued at trial . She also said the law would increase the cost of medication abortions by 40 percent for the clinic 's patients , about 40 percent of whom live at or below the poverty line .
Tammi Kromenaker , the director of the Fargo clinic , could n't be reached for comment on Tuesday .
The state argued that the law may limit but does n't ban medication abortions or rule out surgical abortion , and that the Legislature “ set a baseline ” by using the FDA-approved protocol .
If the law goes into effect , North Dakota would be the third state in the nation to outlaw medication abortions by an “ off-label ” use of a prescription drug , according to the Guttmacher Institute . The other states are Texas and Ohio . A similar law is also set to go into effect Saturday in Oklahoma , where a ban on all drug-induced abortions is still pending a court challenge , according to an Oct. 1 Guttmacher report .
The passage of the 2011 law was the first of several new restrictions to abortion approved by the North Dakota Legislature . State lawmakers passed a variety of new prohibitions in 2013 , including a ban on abortions after a fetal heartbeat is detected .
A federal judge blocked enforcement of the fetal heartbeat law , saying in an April ruling that the law would violate the U.S. Constitution by essentially banning abortions after six weeks . The state has appealed the ruling .
Because of a ballot measure proposed by the Legislature , voters in North Dakota will also decide on Tuesday whether to add an amendment to the state constitution which states : “ The inalienable right to life of every human being at any stage of development must be recognized and protected . ”
The North Dakota Catholic Conference applauded Tuesday 's ruling in a statement from Christopher Dodson , executive director of the conference , which represents the state 's Catholic bishops .
“ This is a good day for the protection of women 's health and for affirming the right of elected officials to establish regulations to protect the health and safety of women seeking abortions , ” Dodson said in the statement .
Dodson said the split decision shows the need for Measure 1 , the “ right to life ” amendment on the ballot Tuesday .
“ The people of North Dakota have a right to decide this question before the abortion lobby comes back into the state to try again to strike down laws that even the U.S. Supreme Court has said we can pass , ” he said .
NPM changes downloads-stats API and informs the world 38 hours later
There are two parts to this post . The first is about what happened , chronologically and the second part is about why I was so disappointed with this .
Note : All the times in this post which are not annotated are India Standard Time = GMT + 5.5
What happened ?
Around 10 AM on 29th August , 2017 , I was proof reading my resume and clicked on one of the npm-stat.com links that I have there . I reached that page and realised that the number shown there was drastically low compared to the number that I already knew was the real one . I was surprised . The first thing that came to mind was that NPM had deleted the old data leading to the downloads in 2015 being shown as 0 . I immediately checked other packages . I checked some really famous packages like express and users like @ sindresorhus . All of their downloads were being shown as 0 in 2015 .
I dug a bit more and reached the code-base for npm-stat.com and from the line on the website “ All data comes directly from NPM ” , I realised that the website probably worked using an API from NPM itself . npm-stat.com is a webpack based frontend JS app . I have some experience with them and thus , I was quickly able to figure out where the API call was happening . It was these 3 lines : function getDownloadsUrl ( pkg , fromDate , toDate ) { return '/downloads/range/ ' + dateToDayKey ( fromDate ) + ' : ' + dateToDayKey ( toDate ) + '/ ' + encodeURIComponent ( pkg ) ; } The request is of the form : /downloads/range/2015-05-01:2016-11-01/terminal-wallet
Now that I had found out the downloads API itself , I immediately checked if the data for 2015 was there or not . I found that it was . This was a relief . I immediately downloaded JSONs of everything from 2015 to that day , but this was where I noticed the rate-limiting ! I requested data from 2015-05-01 to 2017-08-29 but it only returned data starting from 2016-02-29 , that 's exactly 18 months before the end date . I had found the issue !
This was the first real milestone . Once I realised what was going on , I immediately reached out to people : ( a ) Open a ticket with NPM support ( b ) Tweet to @ izs Hey @ izs , looks like the /downloads API changed on NPM ? Range now replies only from 18 months prior ! https : //t.co/ixlGEMSBaD — Siddharth Kannan ( @ _icyflame ) August 29 , 2017 ( c ) Open an issue on npm/registry . Here again , the complete issue was explained . ( d ) Send an email to Paul Vorbach who 's the maintainer of npm-stat.com .
All this was going down at 11 am IST on Tuesday 29th August 2017 . That 's 10:30 PM PDT which is the timezone NPM support seems to be operating in . So , I was n't expecting a response from them until the next day at the least . I got an official reply on the support ticket 17 hours after at 4:44 am on 30th August 2017 .
After all this reaching out , ( it was around noon already ) , I sat down to work a patch for npm-stat.com . It took me about a day . Around 4 pm the next day , on August 30 , I opened npm-stat.com # 47 . There was one round of back-and-forth with @ pvorb before the PR was merged on September 7th , a week later .
On August 31st 1 AM IST , 38 hours after I first noticed the problem , ( I have no way to know exactly when the API was changed ) , they announced the rate-limiting on their blog . The documentation on npm/registry that they are talking about was added in two commits : chore : document downloads api limits at 2:08 AM IST on August 31st fix : jan 10 not jan 01 at 2:24 AM IST on August 31st . I found this from git 's blame view . Clearly , their plan was all along to make the change and inform later .
Why do I even care ?
It 's just a downloads API , CHILL MAN .
No one actually said that to me , but you might be wondering why this was such a big deal for me .
Mainly because I have download numbers on my CV and when someone clicks on the link and sees a number less than the number they just saw and no apparent explanation , it 's a bad look . There 's almost no explanation that can be given in less than a few minutes time . ( Hence , the request to Paul Vorbach to put a note on his website )
Also because this was unprecedented ! This sort of API change ( i.e . a change without any prior warning ) leads to every tool that depends on the API malfunctioning ! Their official stand is that they will keep doing it in the future as well , and they will only follow up with documentation :
We reserve the right to further limit API usage without warning when we see a pattern of requests causing the API to be unusable for most callers . We 'll follow up with documentation in these cases . Our primary goal is to prevent API use from either deliberately or accidentally making the service unresponsive for other users .
Conclusion
I like NPM . Irrespective of that , if you want to work with Node.js then you are absolutely going to HAVE to use it . There are many things that could have been done better here : more warning before such API changes , a tweet an hour before the API change was deployed would have been notice enough . Or how about adding a field to the /downloads api response that informed the user that the data is not for the complete range that they requested because of a new API change .
They have a monthly newsletter , a Twitter account , a blog and they chose not to post about this anywhere . I can only guess that they were undergoing an attack and they had to limit the API to fight that . I ca n't believe anyone would have a planned move to limit data and not inform their users about it prior to the change itself .
Explaining a change 38 hours after deploying the change is just not acceptable for an API that 's so prevalent .
TL ; DR
Update : Warner Bros/New Line is moving their Jason Bateman-Rachel McAdams comedy Game Night back to February , specifically the 23rd . On its new date , Game Night vies against Weinstein Co 's War With Grandpa , Paramount 's Annihilation and Orion 's Every Day .
Previous , July 17 : Warner Bros now will release its New Line comedy Game Night on March 2 instead of February 14 . The pic revolves around a group of couples who are caught up in a very real game night . They get together regularly to play games , but this particular night turns into an actual murder mystery .
Jason Bateman , Rachel McAdams , Kyle Chandler , Billy Magnussen , Jesse Plemons , Kylie Bunbury and Lamorne Morris star .
Warner Bros also has put on hold a number of release dates for untitled features including June 1 , 2018 for an animation title and December 13 , 2019 , for an event film . A pair of 2020 dates –February 14 and June 5 — are RSVP'ed for DC titles .
Gate 14 ( The Cosmic Central Sun ) 20th of Jan. 2019 Gate 14 ( The Cosmic Central Sun ) is now opened , and the first wisdom message that passed to us through its blue pulse is : “ Darknes ...
The Truth ... written by The Enlightened Master on April 6th,2015 The Truth ... The truth is not easy ... Realizing the truth needs a long spiritual journey ... In order to deal with the truth , you shou ...
Our mission with you in the third dimension has been completed `` written by the EM ibrahim Hassan on 11.11.2013 Our mission with you in the third dimension has been completed ! Of that distant world , from the Real World `` a world which is a ...
Ascension part 8 : astral body ... { The Fire element ... how to activate it within you } written by the Enlightened Master 22-12-2012 Astral Body The Astral body presents the reality of our existence on earth , for it inhabits our bodies and represents our personaliti ...
More clarifications about Lord Kalki & Avatara by EM Jan 26 -2016 after the last webinar that placed on 14th of Jan 2016 , and under the desire of many for more clarifications about Lord Kalki & Avat ...
The Cintamani stone : interact with the stone & take advantage of its features to the extreme , written by EM The Cintamani stone : interact with the stone & take advantage of its features to the extreme At the request of many of you who ...
Breaking News – Our sun is fully Activated - MPR & Ascension are very close / by The Enlightened Master 26th of July 2013 Breaking News – Our sun is full Activated July 26th 2013 It seems that the Acclaimed Day becomes very close , for our Sun Yesterday ...
Ever eaten so much at a restaurant buffet , you just want a nap ?
That 's what happened to a couple this week at the Golden Corral in Douglasville , according to police .
Officers were called to the buffet-style restaurant on Douglas Boulevard late Wednesday on a report of suspicious activity . Or , a couple sleeping .
“ The activity , or rather lack of activity , did a man asleep face down in a plate of food along with a woman sleeping next to him , ” Douglasville police posted on Facebook . “ The officer saved the man 's life by waking him up so he did n't inhale food and choke , and later arrested the female for possession of a controlled substance . ”
The man was released . But Angela Denice Reece , 48 , of Powder Springs was arrested , according to the police report .
Reece was charged with two counts of drug possession and not having drugs in the original container and booked into the Douglas County jail , where she was being held Friday afternoon without bond .
Humans
Max Speed :
Average Speed for 20+ Miles :
Best Marathon Time :
27.45 mph ( Usain Bolt , 100 meters ) 12.7 mph ( Haile Gebrselassie ) 2:03:59 ( Haile Gebrselassie , Berlin ) Are humans born to run ? Some experts think that humans have , indeed , evolved to be distance runners—the better to track prey , evade predators and migrate . While there is some debate on running and human evolution , there is no question that we are up there in the animal kingdom for speeds at marathon distances . There is no one reason , but the efficiency of our cooling systems—our ability to sweat—and having an upright posture , to minimize our sun exposure and maximize our lung capacity , are some of the primary reasons we are skilled distance runners.One major difference between humans and animals is that we do n't have in-born endurance ; we have to train . Peter Weyand says that compared to other animals , humans have a high energy cost of running—we spend more energy in each stride relative to our size . But unlike wild animals , we can motivate ourselves to run , and through training we can increase our aerobic scope—the amount of aerobic activity one can achieve . `` Even though [ humans ] are good at regulating heat , they have more heat to dump because their economy is poor , '' he says . Strict training regimens and the ability to sweat can make up for that lack .
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) criticized other legislators for ducking a confrontation with President Obama over Libya on Wednesday , saying Congress had become “ not even a rubber stamp , but an irrelevancy ” in matters of war .
Paul made the comments in a speech Wednesday morning at the District campus of Johns Hopkins University 's School of Advanced International Studies . The freshman senator , a favorite of tea party groups , said he would try to derail a proposed resolution of support for the Libya military mission .
“ We will try to amend whatever Libya resolution comes out , ” Paul said , by adding language decrying the use of force without congressional permission . “ We will try to strike theirs , and replace it with ours . ”
The military campaign in Libya , now more than two months old , has been the target of rising anger on Capitol Hill . Many legislators — including conservative Republicans — have raised questions about the War Powers Resolution , a 1973 law that requires presidents to obtain congressional authorization for foreign campaigns .
Last month , the 60-day deadline for that authorization came and went . Last week , the GOP-led House passed a resolution rebuking Obama and demanding that he make the case for the campaign within two weeks .
In the Senate on Tuesday , a resolution supporting the campaign appeared to stall , while other legislators worked on an alternative that could mirror the bill the House passed .
Paul 's speech — intended to lay out a “ conservative constitutional ” model for foreign policy — used the Libya campaign as a demonstration of the problems with the current model . He said even many fellow conservatives seemed willing to cede warmaking powers to Obama , despite the War Powers Resolution .
“ The real hypocrisy of the conservative movement is that they claim to be such fans of the rule of law , ” Paul said . “ But they sure are n't willing to follow it , when it comes to how we go to war . ”
Paul laid out a broader foreign-policy platform that he called “ moderate , ” saying he was uninterested in using the U.S. military to help build up other countries . In particular , he said , the process of nation-building was hard to justify in countries that were “ nations in name only , ” based on boundaries drawn from outside .
He seemed to be talking about places like Libya , Iraq and Afghanistan — all split by rivalries among ethnic groups or tribes .
“ Instead of large , limitless land wars in multiple theaters , we would target our enemy , strike with lethal force and leave , ” Paul said . “ We would not presume that we build nations , nor would we presume that we have the resources to build nations . ”
The plan contained few specifics , however . Paul said that his position was to have U.S. intervention “ somewhere , some of the time , ” but gave little detail about how those chances should be chosen .
For now , Paul said he felt “ lonely ” holding these positions , but said that mounting national debt would bring others around .
“ An expansive foreign policy will end , ” he said . “ Because we 're out of money . ”
Web Event : Share V News & Update to Earn Free Prizes
Almost a decade in the making , the V update is the biggest ever for MapleStory ! Join us in celebrating this historic event by sharing your favorite V related news , trailers , contests and more to qualify for exclusive in-game prizes . Infinite Power & Infinite fun await you in V !
This event ends on November 27 , 2016 , so check back regularly for new updates and shareable activities that can earn you the points needed to win the best MapleStory gift pack !
Each piece of content can only be shared once per social channel to earn points . This event ends November 27th at 11:59 PM PST ( November 28th 2:59 AM EST ) . Shares that occur after that date will not count towards rewards so be sure to check back regularly till then !
Official Rules : Limit 1 gift package per event-registered account . Only available to accounts in good standing that have a Level 31 character or higher than of November 15 , 2016 . Only accounts with valid , working email addresses are eligible and gift packages will be sent to the email account used to register for the participant 's nexon.net account . Gift package must be claimed by a character Level 31 or higher . Registrations must be confirmed prior to midnight on November 27th to be eligible . Gift package will be distributed to all confirmed registrants approximately 3 days after end of log-in period . Nexon America 's computers will be the official time-keeping devices . All times in Pacific Standard Time .
When it was written in 1986 , a children 's book entitled Living in Two Worlds attempted to highlight the various attitudes that reflect what biracial children might encounter growing up . Pictures of biracial children abound in the book . In fact , there was an honest attempt to portray the intricacies of being born to parents of different religious , cultural , and racial backgrounds .
Toah thought that the teacher in her ballet class , where all the other students were white , went out of her way to be nice to her . ' I guess she meant well , but she made me feel I was different . ' Even though Toah 's white heritage is important to her , she feels she fits in better with kids whose coloring is more like her own . ' I 'm happiest when I do n't stand out – like in school , ' she says . ' I 'm friendly with everyone , but my best friends are brown , like me . '
Herein lies the never-ending emphasis on race rather than the individual characteristics of people . We have no idea what the ballet teacher did or what white heritage even means , but to a child reading this book , the balkanization of the races is implanted . Instead of race being one component of a person , it becomes the overarching theme .
... so much so that 29 years later , we learn that in Seattle , if you are white , you are simply not welcome at Rainier Beach Yoga . The organizers make it abundantly clear in an email that states , `` White friends , allies and partners are respectfully asked not to attend . ''
Local radio host Dori Monson spoke with Teresa Wang , one of the co-founders of the class . Wang was asked what would happen if a white person were to attend . Her response :
Well , it 's a class for people of color , so [ a person ] would be coming to that class knowing that we 're really clear about who we are asking to come to class . The class was about making 'people of color ' feel comfortable .
So racism is alive and well in a Seattle yoga class . And these people do n't even realize how ugly they sound . Furthermore , if someone such as Rachel Dolezal ardently believes that she is black , would she be barred from entering , even though her heritage is not African-American ?
That , of course , is only the tip of the iceberg .
In February of 2015 , Muslims at a United Kingdom university held a film screening of the film Dear White People and advertised it as being for BME students . BME stands for `` black and minority ethnic . '' The poster specifies that the screening is for students of African , Caribbean , Arab , Asian , and South American ethnic origin . How ironic that Muslims are jumping on the racism bandwagon when , in fact , they continue to enslave blacks in parts of the Muslim world .
Then there is the Afrobeat Band Shokazoba concert that was banned in 2013 because , according to Hampshire College , `` some members of our student community questioned the selection of [ the ] band , asking whether it was a predominantly white Afrobeat band and expressing concerns about cultural appropriation and the need to respect marginalized cultures . '' In essence , the band was `` too white '' to play Afrobeat music .
No Whites Allowed is alive and well under the diversity rubric at Northwestern University , where a `` white student was rejected for a diversity appointment because 'he [ was ] a white heterosexual male . '' In fact , `` pigment is everything '' in the diversity scam that marks colleges and universities today .
Then there is the `` cleansing of the syllabus , '' where `` micro-aggressions and white privilege lurk in every seminar room . '' Mark Gullick writes that at the University of California , Berkeley , Occupy the Syllabus has taken center court . The essence of this document is revealed in this paragraph :
We have major concerns about social theory courses in which white men are the only authors assigned . These courses pretend that a minuscule fraction of humanity – economically privileged white males from five imperial countries ( England , France , Germany , Italy and the United States ) – are the only people to produce valid knowledge about the world . This is absurd . The white male syllabus excludes all knowledge produced outside this standardised canon , silencing the perspectives of the other 99 per cent of humanity .
Thus `` the authors of Occupy the Syllabus state their wish is to 'dismantle the tyranny of the white male syllabus [ and ] demand the inclusion of women , people of color and LGBTQ authors on [ the ] curriculum . ' ''
This hateful document will create a generation of `` obtuse '' thinkers who can not or will not engage in free intellectual enquiry and instead will resort to bigoted dogma .
But this racism is not restricted to America . In Canada `` it is impossible to work towards racial justice and reconciliation without naming and dismantling unearned white privilege . '' This comes from the Mennonite World Review . Thus , a study guide entitled `` Cracking open white identity towards transformation '' contains personal stories and questions for critical reflection and discussion . It is written by Sue Eagle , a director of the Mennonite Central Committee Canada 's Indigenous Work program . Eagle , who is married to a member of Dakota and Salteaux First Nations , asserts that her children need to `` figure out ... what it means to have a legacy of white privilege , with its racial superiority , from [ her ] side of the family , and a history of oppression and internalized feelings of racial inferiority '' ( presumably from her husband 's side ) .
The Mennonite Central Committee created a DVD entitled `` Free Indeed : White Privileges and How We Play the Game . '' Designed to `` provoke thought and discussion , it addresses difficult questions and includes perspectives that will be challenging to many white audiences . '' The study guide states that `` the idea of white privilege stems from an understanding that racism is equal to race prejudice plus access to institutional power . This definition emphasizes that members of all racial groups have prejudices . Yet , racism is found only among those with the collective power to act out their prejudices and inflict damage on others . ''
The actors in the DVD suggest that the `` problem with white privilege is the assumption that whites have the solutions to solve the problems of people of color . ''
I am reminded of Richard Rodriguez 's response when accused of betraying his indigenous Mexican roots . Rodriguez retorted :
My dear madam , when you looked in the mirror in the morning , are you able to calculate the exact proportions of ethnicity , the origins of every word you speak ? Do you say you are 61 percent Mexican , 23 percent white ? I certainly do n't .
According to Ron Christie , author of Acting White , `` the term 'acting white ' is a racist slur that dates back to the days of slavery and Reconstruction . It is the charge that any African American who is successful , well-mannered , or well-educated is supposedly 'acting white . ' ''
In the smug and twisted world of those who excoriate alleged white privilege , will white privilege refer to blacks who have succeeded ? Will they still be people of color ?
The perniciousness of the charge of white privilege is infecting every level of society . It is creating students whose sole perspective is based on victimization . It erases great literature because it was penned by Europeans . Even music , which `` has the charms to soothe a savage breast , '' is being held hostage under this baseless charge .
The allegation of white privilege needs to be called out for what it truly is : racism .
Anything else is just a smokescreen for enslaving the minds of vulnerable generations to come .
Eileen can be reached at middlemarch18 @ gmail.com .
I do n't much care for Somyot Prueksakasemsuk 's politics , although his strong conviction to them is admirable . I respect his idealism , but his allegiance leaves much to be desired .
Whether lese majeste ought to be a crime is one issue . But as long as it is the law , we should consider if the punishment is excessive .
In his letter published in the Bangkok Post on Tuesday , convicted lese majeste offender Somyot wrote that he would not accept a royal pardon even if it were offered . He 's serving a 10-year sentence and is in the appeal process .
Somyot Prueksakasemsuk at the Criminal Court on Ratchadapisek Road in July 2011 . ( Bangkok Post photo )
Somyot argued that lese majeste should not be a statute law , therefore accepting a pardon would mean that he admits guilt and recognizes the legitimacy of the law .
This he refuses to do . He said he 's a prisoner of conscience . Agree or disagree with his politics , this takes courage and conviction .
Somyot wrote that he joined the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) to fight for democracy , equality , freedom and justice . Such idealism should also be respected . All those four ideals are quite lacking in Thailand , under any government .
But perhaps joining the red-shirts , an offshoot of the Pheu Thai Party which operates on behalf of Thaksin Shinawatra , is n't the best way to go about fighting for democracy , equality , freedom and justice . Although , to be truthful , what are the choices out there ?
It is similar to those supporters of the People 's Democratic Reform Committee ( PDRC ) who confess that they are no fan of Suthep Thaugsuban or the Democrat Party . But what are the other choices are out there in their fight for King and country and good governance ?
A common enemy makes for convenient allies . The Big 3 , Winston Churchill , Franklin D Roosevelt and Joseph Stalin , are a grand example .
Somyot is a former labour activist . That in and of itself should be applauded . He 's also a former editor of the magazine Voice of Taksin . This poses questions .
The magazine uses the spelling of the name of the former king , while representing the fugitive former prime minister . Thaksin was a democratically elected leader wrongly ousted by a military coup d'etat .
However Thaksin 's track record of human rights abuse and interference with freedom of speech does not speak much for democracy . He 's the patriarch of a large and powerful patronage network , and has himself has been accused of using the lese majeste law to benefit his own political agenda .
Such allegiance should pose a dilemma for someone claiming to fight for democracy , equality , freedom and justice . But again , a common enemy makes for convenient allies . Just ask Chiang Kai Shek and Mao Tse Dung .
Yesterday marked the third anniversary of Somyot 's imprisonment . Three years and 15 unsuccessful applications for bail .
One may agree or disagree with his politics and/or his allegiance . One may even support the lese majeste law . But none of us should fail to recognise Somyot 's rights as a citizen of this country and as a human being .
A 10-year prison term for a crime of free speech in a country claiming to be ( or wanting to be ) a democracy , with the King as the head of state -- the very same King who has been critical of the lese majeste law and who has told the nation that he is open to criticism .
The above paragraph simply does n't add up .
To the PDRC and the Democrat Party , whose aim is to achieve ‘ 'true democracy under the monarchy '' -- is this crime and punishment considered justice , in accordance with the values of democracy , freedom and human rights ? Is this the wish of the King ?
To Yingluck Shinawatra and the Pheu Thai Party , including Thaksin , if the red-shirts have fought , and are still fighting , on your behalf , with the aim of achieving `` democracy , equality , freedom and justice '' -- - what have you done over the past three years in government to reform the lese majeste law or to help lese majeste prisoners ?
Understanding how you think - and act - based on what you believe you know to be true , is critical to improving your own decisions as a manager , says contributor John Hunter , in the final of a 4-part series on Deming 's system of management , SoPK . And understanding the way your mind works - and common mistakes it makes - goes a long way to getting you there .
Read Part I : Systems Thinking and the Three Musketeers
Read Part II : The Trouble with Motivation
Read Part III : Variation , So Meaningful Yet So Misunderstood
`` The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge . '' – Daniel J. Boorstin
What do we know that is n't so ? How can we avoid the mistakes we are in danger of making in our thinking ? How can we improve the learning process ?
These are some of the questions that led Dr. Deming to include the `` theory of knowledge '' as one of the 4 pillars of his New Philosophy of Management , sometimes referred to as the System of Profound Knowledge or SoPK . While many of his ideas have found their way into other management theories ( focus on the customer , variation , systems thinking , innovation , continual improvement , data based decision making , the importance of psychology ... ) you rarely hear about the importance of understanding how people think –and act - based on what they believe they know to be true . That is core to a theory of knowledge . To put it in the form of a question , `` How do we know that what we think we know is really so ? ''
There are several simple principles related to the theory of knowledge which will help us avoid traps we often fall into because of how we think and because of what we believe to be true .
Confirmation bias
Confirmation bias is one such important concept , and it means that we tend to latch onto evidence that supports our beliefs and ignore evidence that undermines our beliefs . In order to more effectively adjust our beliefs to reality we are well served to question whether we are falling for confirmation bias . Ask : Is this new evidence really convincing or am I just happy because it supports my existing belief ? Am I ignoring other evidence because it calls into question my beliefs ?
Experiments , Prediction and Learning
Do you subject your beliefs to tests and experiments ? To the extent possible you want to rely on evidence for supporting your theories . Well-run experiments provide great evidence . The model used within the Deming System for Managing to gain evidence and insight is the Plan-Do-Study-Act ( PDSA ) cycle . The PDSA cycle has incorporated within it an understanding of the theory of knowledge .
People learn better when they predict . Making a prediction forces us to think ahead about the outcomes . Making a prediction also causes us to examine more deeply the system , question or theory we have in mind . Also we learn about our understanding of the management beliefs we hold as we examine the results of our predictions .
For example from your predictions ( and from the PDSA experiments which test them ) you might discover that :
You are often overly optimistic ( or pessimistic ) .
You are extremely effective at predicting change related to information technology improvements but poor when predicting the results when psychology ( people ) play a big role in the I.T . change itself .
The impact is often as you predicted for the projects during testing ( using PDSA ) but attempts to actually standardize the improvements across the organization fail –perhaps because the test was not well designed .
Such learning is important both personally and organizationally . Self-insight is critical to improving your own decisions as a manager , and similarly there is a multiplier effect when people throughout the organization increase their self-insight . Cumulatively , all those better informed decisions result in a better performing organization .
Learning about your ability to predict ( and your organization 's ability to predict ) is a key part of the theory of knowledge . Let 's face it most of us think we have a much better ability to predict the result of proposed actions than actually turns out to be true . A way we discover the reality is when we require ourselves to make a prediction and to examine the results of the actions .
Variation
People believe there is much less variation in systems , processes , actions than there is . This underestimation of variation causes people to believe normal variation is not normal , which in turn causes them to search for special causes for the variation . Doing so is a very low yield strategy for improvement . ( See more on Deming 's view on tampering ) .
Again , the Deming System for Managing seeks to avoid this trap in how we think about variation by adopting sensible strategies . One of these strategies is to use control charts to show exactly what is reasonable variation for a process . Another sensible strategy is to examine the process and environment in which a person works first , rather than to blame the person ( as a special cause ) , first . Using such tools and approaches helps us in a several way :
We acknowledge that we have biases that cause us to react in certain –and often unproductive ways
The tools themselves help counteract our skewed thinking that cause us to adopt poor yield strategies , such as rating and ranking people based on a simplistic analysis of `` results . ''
Psychology and the theory of knowledge
Deming 's System for Managing is based on four areas : the theory of knowledge , understanding variation , appreciation of a system , and understanding psychology . I want to mention the psychology component briefing because of its interrelationship with theory of knowledge . ( All four components are interrelated , in fact . )
Here is an example . The way we evaluate an idea is not based on the cold logic we may like to believe it is . If we hear an idea from someone we do n't like and then two days later we hear the exact same idea from a friend we respect , we tend react to those ideas very differently .
As I started to understand the theory of knowledge and apply what I suggested above , I began to question why I believed certain things and how I responded to ideas that were presented . In examining my own reactions , I noticed that I far too heavily weighed the source of the idea in evaluating the idea , myself . I was n't consciously doing so , but in looking at the opinions I took , with the lens of the theory of knowledge , I could see I was , indeed , doing so . And then I started to look at others and it amazed me how often I would hear someone criticize an idea from one person and then praise the same idea a week later from a friend .
This also shows one of the real weaknesses in performance appraisals . When a manager likes a person , the manager is much more likely to appreciate the person 's work , ideas , and contributions and thus give a higher rating to that person .
Misinterpretation and Misunderstanding
Correlation is not causation but we often fall into the belief that correlation does mean causation . Correlation means that two or more things might be observed to occur together . For example , a study might show that `` boys who play soccer are more likely to have unprotected sex '' — a correlation between playing soccer and unprotected sex — but then people incorrectly conclude that playing soccer causes boys to engage in unprotected sex . That would be causation : cause and effect .
Confirmation bias helps explain why we often fall into this trap of confusing the correlation with causation . Once again , making a prediction not only helps us understand how we learn and how to learn better ; it also helps prevent falling into the correlation/causation trap in the first place . For example , analyzing existing spreadsheet data can be useful but it also has dangers , and one risk is that the data already has correlations and assumptions embedded in it . This can cause us to make the incorrect conclusion that the correlations are causations . With an understanding of theory of knowledge we will be more mindful of this trap of confusing causation with correlation –and we can make better predictions and decisions .
There is no true value of any characteristic , state , or condition that is defined in terms of measurement or observation . - Dr. W. Edwards Deming
The `` value '' is in the context for a given operational definition . Understanding that a value must be interpreted via context , leads us to question any data that does n't provide the operational definition for how the data was created . And this leads to better understanding . Otherwise , without having the operational definition we are likely to draw incorrect conclusions from data . Let 's look at a simple example :
The height of senior executives is much greater than the average population . Are tall people inherently much better leaders in organizations ? It may have made some sense historically to have the biggest people in the group lead the hunt but it sure does n't seem like there is a good reason to believe height is a great value for leaders in contemporary society . You could take from that data about tall senior executives that in fact height is a `` value '' of great value . Or you could take from it that we continue to make judgments based on unimportant factors because unconscious evaluation criteria ( such as height is better ) are baked into our psychology and those criteria shape what we believe . Understanding the power of unconscious evaluation critera is a core aspect of Deming 's teachings about theory of knowledge , and why he urged us to state a theory and a prediction , to test it , and to study the results before we put our theory into practice ( Plan-Do-Study-Act ) .
Some beliefs that seem to be baked in to our unconscious , and for which we tend to have a favorable confirmation bias include management practices such as pay-for-performance , management by fear , emphasis on short-term profits , mistaking natural variation for special cause variation , and the use incentives and rewards . ( Deming articulated those and others . )
Next Steps
If we can break from such beliefs that are not useful in modern organizations , we can improve our decisions . Having a Deming-based theory of knowledge will help us break from those beliefs and it will help us be more thoughtful as we learn to question other management beliefs we hold –many of which simply are not useful –or cause harm .
Understanding the theory of knowledge within the context of the Deming 's System for Managing helps us more effectively and consistently learn and improve the processes and systems we work with .
Gaining an understanding of how the theory of knowledge is integrated into Deming 's System for Managing is easy for some people , but not easy for others ( ah , variation ) . My intent was for this article to get you started along the trail of discovery but it only scratches the surface of the theory of knowledge because theory of knowledge is a very rich subject .
If you 're interested , you can read more about how the theory of knowledge relates to management on my CuriousCat Management Improvement blog .
Copyright 2011 by John Hunter
===
Deming 's SoPK Series on PEX Network
System of Profound Knowledge ( SoPK ) is the main subject of Deming 's second book on management , The New Economics . SoPK is Deming 's system of management and has four interdependent areas :
Appreciation for a System –how to lead a system , and systems thinking
Knowledge about Variation , including statistical variation
Theory of Knowledge -the study of how we know what we know
-the study of how we know what we know Psychology - understanding the human aspect of management , and especially intrinsic motivation vs. extrinsic motivation .
Dr. Deming pointed out that one need not be an expert in any of the four elements , but viewing the world through the lens of the four elements with some proficiency would provide the viewer with profound knowledge of how to lead , diagnose data and issues , plan for the future , have everyone work together to optimize the system , innovate , and create an exciting win/win environment for customers , suppliers , employees , and managers alike .
Read Part I : Systems Thinking and the Three Musketeers
Read Part II : The Trouble with Motivation
Read Part III : Variation , So Meaningful Yet So Misunderstood
===
Editor 's Note : The columns published in THE DEMING FILES have been written under the Editorial Guidelines set by The W. Edwards Deming Institute . The Institute views these columns as opportunities to enhance , extend , and illustrate Dr. Deming 's theories . The authors have knowledge of Dr. Deming 's body of work , and the content of each column is the expression of each author 's interpretation of the subject matter .
John Lightsey and Todd Rinaldo reported that the opportunistic loading of optional modules can make many programs unintentionally load code from the current working directory ( which might be changed to another directory without the user realising ) and potentially leading to privilege escalation , as demonstrated in Debian with certain combinations of installed packages .
The problem relates to Perl loading modules from the includes directory array ( `` @ INC '' ) in which the last element is the current directory ( `` . '' ) . That means that , when perl wants to load a module ( during first compilation or during lazy loading of a module in run time ) , perl will look for the module in the current directory at the end , since ' . ' is the last include directory in its array of include directories to seek . The issue is with requiring libraries that are in `` . '' but are not otherwise installed .
With this update several modules which are known to be vulnerable are updated to not load modules from current directory .
Additionally the update allows configurable removal of `` . '' from @ INC in /etc/perl/sitecustomize.pl for a transitional period . It is recommended to enable this setting if the possible breakage for a specific site has been evaluated . Problems in packages provided in Debian resulting from the switch to the removal of ' . ' from @ INC should be reported to the Perl maintainers at perl @ packages.debian.org .
It is planned to switch to the default removal of ' . ' in @ INC in a subsequent update to perl via a point release if possible , and in any case for the upcoming stable release Debian 9 ( stretch ) .
They remember it differently .
To you , it was a staged announcement . To the kids who were at the Greenwich , Conn. , Boys and Girls Club last July 8 , it was an exciting visit to their home . To you , his choice was about maximizing fortune and fame . To them , it was his chance to play with his friends . To you , he seemed stiff , almost embarrassed when he said , `` I 'm going to take my talents to South Beach . '' To them -- once the show was over and he was asked to pose for a photograph -- LeBron James was warm and gracious .
`` It was like I was looking up at a star , '' says Gigi Barter , age 8 . `` He smiled at me , and suddenly I was lifted up , and sitting on his shoulders . I was scared , but I was on top of the world ! ''
Teddy Flinn , 6 , at one of the 30 new computers LeBron 's `` Decision '' helped buy for the Greenwich Boys & Girls Club . Rob Tringali for ESPN.com
This Friday marks the first anniversary of `` The Decision , '' and while it is n't cause for celebration in Cleveland -- or Miami , for that matter -- it is in the building on Horseneck Lane and throughout the Boys and Girls Clubs of America . As a result of the sponsorships for the show , and at the specific request of James , more than $ 2 million was donated to the organization . And the boys and girls at the club in Greenwich now have a new gym floor with the `` Knuckles '' logo , 30 new Hewlett-Packard computers ( families without computers get the old ones ) , some fresh Nike equipment and -- coming soon -- a climbing wall .
`` The best gift of all , '' says Bob DeAngelo , the dynamic executive director who 's an alumnus and a former fighter pilot , `` is the visibility for what we do here , and at every Boy and Girls Club . ''
What the Boys and Girls Clubs do , with classes and programs and camps , is enabled and encourage kids to find their own talents -- be they alums such as James , or Denzel Washington , or J-Lo , or J-Ro ( Jimmy Rollins ) , or Steve Young , who learned to swim in the pool that the James entourage ( including Kanye West ) walked past on the way to the gym that night .
You may criticize `` The Decision '' as a TV show , and you may think James and the Heat got what they deserved in the NBA Finals . But please do n't subscribe to the cynical and glib notion that the leafy address somehow lessens the mission of the club . Children everywhere need a hand -- and a place . The Greenwich Boys and Girls Club has been helping local kids and their families since 1908 .
The NCC has issued a special permit to allow two young girls to sell lemonade on Colonel By Drive throughout the summer , beginning this Sunday , as long as they donate the proceeds to charity .
Kurtis Andrews says his two young daughters , Eliza and Adela , were thrilled to learn they have been granted a permit , which came with several conditions they must abide by while they operate their lemonade stand on Sundays from July 10 to Sept. 4 .
Andrews has to carry a copy of the permit at all times while on NCC property ;
The girls ' father is responsible for the security of the “ equipment , infrastructure and material ; ”
The NCC is not responsible for any legal action brought against them as a result of the lemonade stand ;
They must comply with all federal , provincial and municipal bylaws and regulations ;
They must clean and clear the site after selling lemonade ;
They must create signs for the lemonade stand in both official languages ;
They can only sell lemonade ;
They must ensure that customers park their bikes on the grass to avoid accidents with participants of Sunday bike days on Colonel By Drive ;
All revenue from July 10 is donated to Camp Quality , which is a summer camp for children with cancer , and a portion of the money from the rest of the summer is donated to a charity .
Andrews said the stand was shut down last Sunday for not having the permit , costing up to $ 1,520 per day , to operate on NCC-owned property . The NCC eventually waived the fee before they issued the permit .
Related
The girls being asked to leave was n't “ confrontational ” but was done in the most polite way , Andrews added .
“ They 've been nothing but accommodating to us throughout this whole process , ” he said .
Andrews did say he believes the NCC should simplify the process to obtain a permit for a lemonade stand run by children . The NCC said Tuesday it would review its policies to “ facilitate youth entrepreneurship , commercial and philanthropic activities on its lands in the future . ”
Andrews also said the NCC should be less “ risk-adverse ” when it comes to child-run lemonade stands , adding the conditions of the permit are a litttle “ hard around the edges . ”
“ In the event that something did happen , they are the federal government , after all , versus a family , ” he said . “ They are basically laying all the liability on the family . ”
mhurley @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/meghan_hurley
Major Blind Spot with Tesla 's Autopilot
Jarrod Overson Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 2 , 2016
Several weeks ago , my car was driving itself home on a Friday night when I abruptly needed to take over , slam the brakes , and veer into another lane after swiping a nearly stopped car .
Previous Experience with AutoPilot
I have been in situations where the car has accelerated unexpectedly , others where it did n't recognize someone merging into my lane , and still others where it has n't recognized the lanes well at all . Tesla AutoPilot is awesome and getting better with every update , but I know it ca n't be trusted completely and am very aware when I am using it . Part of the problem , though , is how much there is to be aware of .
You have all your standard input to be aware of , the windows , mirrors , and speedometer , combined with the dashboard display which includes a host of new information — the lane edges the car senses ( along with their different colors and markings each indicating different information ) , the cars it is tracking in every lane ( also with their own colors and meanings ) , and proximity sensors at every angle .
Example display while autopilot is engaged .
Prelude
I was traveling in the HOV lane which was going a decent amount faster than the primary lanes . It was about 6pm pacific and it was approaching dusk light levels .
At some point I noticed a motorcyclist lane splitting behind me on my right . It was easy to recognize that scenario as an edge case which may not have been well accounted for so I made sure to keep my hands near or touching the wheel at all times , ready to take over in case the car made any sudden movements as the motorcyclist passed me .
It did n't .
It worked fine and I stared at the dashboard display to see how the car recognized the motorcyclist . The motorcycle was represented on the display as being to the far right in my lane . It was white , indicating the software was tracking it as my lead and there were no other cars on the display ( that I recall ) . I then noticed my car accelerating as it started to keep pace with the motorcycle .
The accident
I looked up and saw the car in front of me nearly stopped while I was still accelerating . I had clearly looked at the display for a second too long and the autopilot software did n't at all account for the stopped vehicle in front of me .
I slammed on the brakes , recognized the imminent impact and swerved into the right lane only clipping the car in front . Thankfully the other lane was clear . There was minimal damage and no injuries which is just incredible for highway speeds and the amount of traffic on the road .
I ca n't recall exactly what speed I was going because the car was regulating that for me and had been accelerating , but I would place the original speed at around 50mph . The car handled very well for the rate of deceleration , the ABS was nearly imperceptible and the car stopped almost completely in time .
Hindsight and Analysis
I do n't blame the car . This is early , opt in software that is trying to take control of a massive real world responsibility . I spent too long ( seconds or fractions thereof , mind you ) looking in my rear view mirrors and the dashboard display worried about the motorcyclist and I recognize that . Thankfully nothing horrible happened .
I admire Tesla 's ambition and expect the technology to continue to improve . Everything happened very quickly and it was an unlucky coincidence that did n't go nearly as bad as it could have . I recognized a situation where I could n't trust the car 's understanding of the road and , in an unfortunate coincidence , this realization occurred at the exact same time I needed to have already been aware of it . Had I known about the lane-splitting-motorcyclist problem beforehand I would have been less focused on what the car thought of the motorcyclist and more focused on everything the car was n't noticing .
Once I recognized the car was stopped in front of me I explicitly remember panicking with the following thoughts going through my head : “ Does my car see this ? Is it going to do anything ? NO . NO IT IS N'T . EMERGENCY. ” In retrospect , the actions I needed to take were obvious — I should have regained control immediately . That half of a second or more probably would have made a lot of difference , the problem is that my brain was n't primed to have that conversation with itself . Now it is . I 'm not looking forward to the comments calling me stupid for not doing this automatically , but I felt like it 's an important topic to be open about . I 'd wager we all had a time in our lives where we did n't know the extent of some technology , trusted it too far , and had to recalibrate after we understood the limits . Now we might just have to be a little bit luckier to get to that recalibration stage .
It is scary , though , to see how one motorcyclist can blind the car so thoroughly…
Oh well . It 's a fun time to be alive as long as the robots do n't kill us first .
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Unlike the Norman Rockwell-esque family looking to trim the perfect tree , atheists are combing every schoolhouse , statehouse , and house of worship to destroy the spirit of Christmas . The latest battle in the war on Christmas took place in the heart of the Bible Belt , a place where religion rules except when it does n't , in my town of Little Rock , Arkansas . The target – Charlie Brown . It appears the loveable loser lost , or did he ?
It 's interesting to note Charlie Brown 's creator , Charles Schulz , is no stranger to standing firm on faith . In December of 1965 , when the Peanuts gang went from comic strip to the half-hour TV special , “ A Charlie Brown Christmas , ” network executives were opposed to the program including Linus ' reading of the story of the Nativity . Schulz fought to keep it in , saying “ If we do n't tell the true meaning of Christmas , who will ? ”
Fast-forward to today -- Terry Elementary School in Little Rock had planned a student field trip to a local church for a special matinee presentation of “ Merry Christmas Charlie Brown. ” Parents were sent a note indicating the “ production does expose your child to Christianity. ” Attendance was optional .
[ pullquote ]
Hundreds of students looked forward to the seeing the holiday classic . However , the atheist parent of ONE child called the Arkansas Society of Freethinkers who argued this was a violation of the separation of church and state . Initially , church and school officials stood firm , yet after concerns of putting “ hardworking , sacrificial teachers and cast members in harm 's way ” the matinee performance was cancelled .
The church has been flooded with calls from across the country , Christians expressing interest in the upcoming performances . Leaders say this has bonded the cast , crew , and congregation like never before .
Same hymn , different verse in Santa Monica , California . For the past 60 years , local churches have set up a nativity display in city-owned Palisades Park . A vocal minority of atheists flooded the city with applications for space permits and managed to acquire 18 of the 21 spots . After much debate and legal action on the rights of freedom of speech and religion , city officials pulled the plug on the event .
Santa Monica Christians kept the faith ; the nativity scenes have been re-born on nearby private property .
According to the latest Pew forum on religion and public life , 78.4 % of Americans identify themselves as Christians ; just 1.6 % are self-identified atheists . The vocal minority of non-believers is fully engaged in an effort to get their views in the public square .
In his book , “ Culture Warrior , ” Bill O'Reilly refers to those who are hostile to Christianity and traditional American values as “ secular progressives. ” Going on to say they are “ the committed forces of the secular-progressive movement that want to change America dramatically ; mold it in the image of Western Europe . ”
The Atheist Empire does n't shy away from it , claiming , “ Atheism is part of the Communist and Socialist doctrines…There is a strong belief in the values of freedom brought by a secular government . ”
The problem here is that America is a predominantly Christian nation founded on biblical principals . In fact , 27 of our 56 founding fathers had Christian seminary degrees .
Biblical scholar David Barton shoots down the atheist argument in his book “ The Myth of Separation. ” He notes “ the words separation of church and state do n't appear in any official government documents authored by the founding fathers. ” Adding , “ this concept and these particular words were invented by an ACLU attorney named Leo Pfeffer in 1947 . ”
Atheists can go anywhere and look into thin air as a reminder of their beliefs . In the spirit of the season , I respect that . In return , leave our Christmas traditions alone .
Christians should continue to light up the night , if we do n't tell the true meaning of Christmas , who will ?
It 's Spring Training , and everyone is trying to improve their game . That means everyone — I mean everyone — is seeking unsolicited advice from baseball writers who have no individual experience in their line of work . Right ? Rather than call this advice , because I alone am not qualified to give advice in this particular field , let 's call it a discussion .
A few months back , I wrote a post titled The Outfielders Who Threw 100 , in which I used Statcast data to identify the 15 outfielders who cracked 100 mph on a throw last season , and broke down the various types of 100-mph outfielder throws . The post , of course , was full of video clips — clips of the year 's most exciting throws .
But we did n't always see the throws . Instead , we saw the ball hit to the outfielder , and the outfielder corralling it , and we felt the palpable suspense of watching the outfielder position himself to unleash a momentous throw , except as soon as he did , we saw a quick cut to a baserunner , and then another quick cut back to the fielder receiving the throw we 'd just prepared ourselves to witness — a throw that ended up being one of the most impressive of the year .
This is how they all went . All of the year 's most impressive throws were n't witnessed in full on the live broadcast , and were instead interrupted by a distracting , one-second interjection of a baserunner scrambling toward the next bag . After seeing this a dozen times in a row , I grew frustrated .
Turns out I was n't alone . This popped up in the comment section of that post :
Now , jp laid it on a bit thick here — we could 've done without the ad hominem attacks ; producers are just trying to do their jobs to the best of their ability — but I did agree with his overall point , and seemingly so did at least 51 other FanGraphs commenters .
The spectacle of these plays is not the baserunner . Joe Mauer plodding around third base is not what made that play above so exciting . Every time a ball is put into play during a baseball game , somebody runs . People are running all the time ! The spectacle is the throw . Outfielders make a throw with intent maybe once or twice a game . Someone makes a throw like the one Carlos Gomez made above maybe 10 or so times a year . So why is Joe Mauer interrupting our view of the spectacle ?
This is the part where I 'm no longer qualified to continue on my own . I had an idea of why this was the case , but I could n't be sure , because I 've never been involved in television production . So I got a hold of someone who was . I spoke with Pat Murray , who retired last year but previously directed baseball television broadcasts for 32 years — the last 10 with SportsTimeOhio — and operated his own company , Pat Murray Productions , for 13 .
“ For someone who 's not sitting in a stadium , you 're trying as a director to let the viewers know where these guys are going , ” Murray said . “ You ca n't put them in boxes all over the screen and have the ball going in . So how are you going to show all this ? Well the only way to do this is to cut . ”
It makes sense . Viewers at the stadium have agency over their sightlines . All the action of the game is in front of them , and they do n't need help identifying the actors . Television viewers , though , do n't have that luxury . If you were at that Astros-Twins game from the clip above , you 'd follow the ball toward Gomez , and once it became clear he was going to make a throw home , your eyes would probably dart toward Mauer rounding third for a brief moment before quickly returning to Gomez and watching the flight of the throw home . The broadcast director is just attempting to recreate that experience .
Murray brought up another good point , and that 's the difference between viewing a live game , where every future action is unpredictable , and a series of clips with expected outcomes , like in the outfielders-throwing-100 post or in a YouTube video highlighting all of Yoenis Cespedes ‘ best throws . In the latter two , we do n't particularly care about the extraneous action , or the position of the baserunner , or the leverage of the moment . We know a good throw is on the way , and that 's all that matters , so of course the cut becomes more distracting in that instance .
Honing in on a real-game situation , Murray presented me with a hypothetical . Here 's the situation : runner on third , one out . Fly ball to a right fielder with a cannon , let 's say Yasiel Puig . Do you ignore the runner at third tagging to go home in the live-action shot ?
Me , personally ? I 'd rather just see the flight of the throw home , but I can see both sides , and that spawned another interesting talking point — the distinction between the casual fan and the hardcore fan . My full-time job is to write about baseball ; I do n't need to see the runner tagging up to know that he 's heading home , so I want to see the throw . The runner 's intention becomes obvious fairly quickly , based on the game situation and the way the outfielder prepares his body for the throw . But maybe the casual fan does n't put two-and-two together that quickly , and so perhaps the broadcast helps guide them along .
If it 's a throw worth seeing again , we can just wait a second and see it in its entirety , which is fine , but I just wonder if broadcasts are missing out on excitement — even to casual fans — by waiting to show the most compelling version of a play until after the suspense has been ruined . What it boils down to , essentially , is : does the value of scene-setting outweigh the entertainment value of being able to track the flight of the throw live , when the nature of the throw is the most important factor in dictating the outcome of the play ?
“ To me , that would become a question of taste , ” Murray said . “ I would say this – if enough people said , ‘ Hey , we 'd like to see something like that , ' we were always open to stuff like that and talking about what people wanted to see . ”
“ I would n't disregard what people think about things . If I were directing still , I would be sensitive to that… It would have been something to talk about a little bit . ”
Given that , and the original feedback from the comment thread , we ought to hear the opinion of the crowd . I 've embedded a poll down at the bottom . What would you rather see ?
Would you rather see it the way it 's always been done , where the scene is set for you at the expense of the throw :
Or would you rather the replay version be shown live , so the flight of the ball can be tracked in its entirety :
* * *
The Booty Call
The Bump
Da Butt
The Cabbage Patch
The Centipede
The Cha Cha Slide
Chicken Noodle Soup
Crank That ( Soulja Boy )
The Cupid Shuffle
The Dougie
The Electric Slide
The Humpty Dance
The Moonwalk
The Prep
The Robot
The Roger Rabbit
The Running Man
The Snake
Soul Train Line
The Stanky Legg
The Tootsie Roll
The Wobble
Which is your favorite ?
We may have lost the Harlem Shake , but there are still a variety of other dances black folks have created and perfected . In the wake of the unfortunate faux revival of a dance we used to love , For Harriet celebrates all those we can still perform proudly . It 's Black History Month . Break out the boom box and hit the dance floor because brings us together like light choreography !
What would men do if gender norms did not exist ? The answers are surprisingly wholesome .
A recent Reddit thread asked : `` Men of Reddit ; what thing would you do if it was n't so 'feminine ' or socially 'unacceptable ' ? '' In the three days since the question was asked , over 9000 comments have been posted . Here are some of the top responses .
If it were n't considered feminine , would more men knit fun coloured beanies ? Credit : Stocksy
1 . Wear perfume
`` It 's a really simple thing , but girls just f * * king smell good . When they come out of the bathroom after showering and freshening up , it smells like someone knocked over a jar full of polka dots or something . They 're all flowery and fruity and sweet . I wish I could smell like a flowerbed all the time without getting judged . ''
Earlier today , a friend of a friend posted a photo in response to the Who Needs Feminism ? project , with the disclaimer that “ As long as feminism means promoting the dignity and equality of women , I 'm fine with it . But be careful with your definition of equality . ”
It 's unfortunately clear that this girl , and many others , do n't understand what feminism is about at all . Now , I 've made a couple other posts about this that pretty much say the same thing , but for those who have arrived from Facebook , here 's the rundown : Just like any movement , feminism 's core principles are subject to interpretation and implementation by individuals , which means that they span a wide spectrum . Hopefully , she and others like her do n't go about vilifying entire causes on the basis of individuals or extremists with whom they disagree . After all , it 's clear they do n't define Catholicism by those who use it in a hateful way or the few priests who have abused their positions of power .
To her credit , most feminists would ardently disagree with the pro-life stance , but it does n't mean that feminism as a whole , and all the other issues it addresses , should simply be swept under the rug . Furthermore , save for maybe a few radicals or old-schoolers , nobody in the mainstream modern feminist movement is telling people that equality means sameness in every way or that being a mother or wife , or being loving , caring , and “ modest ” is a crime , or shameful , or that is makes them any less of a woman , and THAT IS THE POINT . Feminism is about “ championing ” a woman 's right to make decisions about her own life- whether she chooses fishnets or floorlength skirts , wants to be a stay-at-home-mom , a software engineer , or a solider , subscribes to Christianity or atheism . It also , however , calls for social reflexivity- for women to be aware of the social structures and attitudes that have historically deprived women of agency in a myriad of ways .
In any case , the most glaring part of this well-intended Facebook post is n't the ignorance it demonstrates , but the mentalities it espouses . The real problem is that responding to the Who Needs Feminism project by making a poster like this is insulting to all those who have participated , and minimizes their very REAL and PAINFUL experiences of being abused , taken advantage of , or not taken seriously because of their gender .
The poster depicted above and posted to Facebook was made by a student at the University of Notre Dame , a school at which a girl KILLED HERSELF because the administration did nothing when one of its athletes made her feel as though her choices , her feelings , and her body were n't in her control .
3 weeks ago , 15 year old Amanda Todd committed suicide after she was lured by a stranger on the internet into exposing her breasts , and then pictures of this act were posted to Facebook , shared , mocked , and vilified by her friends , fellow students , and people she did n't even know .
A month ago , 15 year old Ciara Pugsley , a popular girl who struggled with depression , committed suicide after being “ bombarded with hate messages ” on Ask.fm , which told her that “ she was depressed to attract attention , that she was fat , and that she had no respect for herself . ”
5 days ago , 13 year old Erin Gallagher committed suicide after being continually “ taunted about her weight and looks ” via similar Ask.fm messages .
Countless others are subject to this sort of harassment in silence .
If that 's not relevant enough , consider the girl who has one-night stands or is promiscuous in the college scene because she feels guilty for saying no . Her environment conditions her to honestly believe that if a guy buys her a few drinks , if she makes out with somebody , or if a guy lets her crash at his place , she would be rude and disappointing if she did n't follow through . That “ not delivering ” on something she 's “ offered ” ( via her attire , flirtatiousness , and/or other sexual acts ) makes her a bad person . That there 's a “ point of no return ” past which she can not back out . She may not even be conscious of this mentality at work in her actions- I certainly was n't .
In the end , the internet user who convinces a young girl to flash the camera , the Facebook users who mock and slut-shame a teenager for her self-proclaimed mistake , the internet users who take it upon themselves to make young girls ' mental health and physical appearance their business , the administration that does n't take sexual assault claims seriously , the society which continually reinforces the notion that sexualization and objectification ( at younger ages every year ) are simply means to validation , appreciation , and self-worth , and those who ignore , minimize , or encourage a culture of female subjugation , all send one message loud and clear : Girls , you , your bodies , your choices , and your feelings are merely sideshows at a circus . You exist to be advertised , scrutinized , commodified , and judged . Fuck your agency . You are not an individual . You are a public spectacle .
These issues are real , and their effects are devastating . They are n't going away . So when a girl makes a poster saying “ I do n't need the kind of feminism you 're promoting , ” this is what she 's standing against :
Advertisements
Author : Casey Ryan , C'95
I love the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology . One of my favorite reasons is its temporary exhibits . I profoundly remember one exhibit , the “ Track of the Rainbow Serpent : Australian Aboriginal Paintings of the Wolfe Creek Crater . ”
In 2005 , I was planning to travel to Australia and I was consuming anything I could about the country to be more informed . I watched Rabbit Proof Fence and re-watched Muriel 's Wedding . I read Neville Shute 's On the Beach and A Town Like Alice ( a.k.a . The Legacy ) , Bill Bryson 's In a Sunburnt Country , Tim Winton 's Cloudstreet and even Colleen McCullough 's classic , The Thornbirds . There was even an Animal Planet show that I stumbled upon and watched about a marsupial surrogacy program , which paired human volunteers with orphaned marsupial to recreate a pouch-like environment using book bags to help in there development and growth . ( What a tear jerker . If you do n't cry at folks trying to treat a sick wombat with an infection , you have no heart ) ! If it was Australia-related , I was there .
In the middle of my building excitement , I learned there was an exhibit of Aboriginal work at the Penn Museum . I was thrilled . I searched online for some articles to learn more about Aboriginal Art , and soon visited the Museum .
The culture of Aboriginal peoples is one of the world 's oldest continuous cultures , art traditions and belief system . Though interpreted differently group by group , the creation story centers around the Rainbow Serpent , one of the important creative forces in the cosmology , and his travels to create existence during a mystical state called Dreamtiming that transcends time .
In particular , this exhibit is comprised of works from the Djaru Aboriginal people living by the Wolfe Creek Crater in Western Australia . The story of a meteorite landing was interpreted as a star falling to Earth . Wrapped around the light of the falling star is the Rainbow Serpent . The Serpent makes the hole in the new crater upon impact , then he continues to burrow and move underground and through the area to create waterways , landscape features . The Serpent 's movements and creation opened the land up for the Aboriginals ' First Ancestors to come and live .
The Djaru are stewards of this land and due to sacredness of the area custom prohibits them from directly discussing the story . Yet , through painting , using traditional techniques and colors , they can share the stories through art . The art is bold , using bright colors and traditional symbols for water , watering holes , stars and people . Without speaking , these paintings tell the stories of the traditional way of life for the Djaru .
Thanks to the efforts of the Penn Museum , I had an Australian cultural experience that I would n't have had anywhere in the world as I prepared for my trip . I gained an appreciation for Aboriginal culture and I did n't have to leave my figurative backyard to get it .
Advertisements
September 18 , 2012
John Matthews is a executive director of Madison Teachers Inc. ( MTI ) , which played a crucial role in sparking the Wisconsin uprising against Gov . Scott Walker 's assault on public-sector unions in winter 2011 . Two busloads of Madison teachers and other activists attended the September 15 rally in Chicago to stand in solidarity with the Chicago Teachers Union ( CTU ) in its struggle against Mayor Rahm Emanuel . Matthews spoke to Charles Peterson of the Madison CTU Solidarity Committee about the fight to defend public-sector unionism .
WHY DO you support the teachers strike in Chicago ?
THE MTI Board of Directors voted to support their brothers and sisters of the Chicago Teachers Union not only because of CTU 's support of those protesting Gov . Scott Walker 's anti-public employee legislation in early 2011 , but because their strike is over very similar issues .
Like Gov . Walker , Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is trying to break the union , trying to defuse their power in bargaining and trying to weaken their political power . In Chicago , the mayor appoints the school board , so the board is responsible to him , not the public . He wants to privatize schools , and one way to justify that is to increase class size so the public schools fail . When they fail , he can move to private , for-profit charter schools .
Mayor Emanuel , like Gov . Walker , is taking the just-cause standard and due process from the Chicago teachers . This would enable termination `` just because '' he or a school administrator wishes , not because of a just-cause standard that can withstand due process of law .
Madison teachers march in solidarity with striking Chicago teachers at a solidarity rally
The union proposes class-size limitations to enable students to succeed and a teacher evaluation system , which is unbiased and fair .
WHAT DO you think the strike means for MTI and for teachers everywhere ?
SUCCESS IN the CTU strike is important to all workers , public and private , because it will illustrate that workers bonding together for social and workplace justice can achieve what 's essential to free working people .
WHAT ARE the similarities in the responses to the Chicago strike and to Wisconsin 's Act 10 that suspended collective-bargaining rights of public employees ?
DUE PROCESS of law and just-cause standards that provide employment security are important to those employed in public schools , because without such protection , a principal , with no-to-little observation of a teacher , can end a teacher 's career . Gov . Walker 's Act 10 destroyed those protections for teachers . Mayor Emanuel is attempting the same .
The principle of seniority when implementing layoffs is important to teachers , not only because it provides job security , but also because it provides a deterrent to school districts that seek to lay off those who , because of longer service or gaining greater education , receive a higher wage . Gov . Walker 's Act 10 enables employers to abuse teachers in this way . Mayor Emanuel is attempting the same .
EMANUEL 'S EFFORTS to privatize Chicago 's schools are being portrayed by the corporate media as `` school reform , '' with the teachers union standing in the way . Can you say more about how and why teachers are being vilified as opponents of `` reform '' ?
THE MAYOR disguises `` privatization '' as reform . He wants more charter schools and for-profit schools . This is adverse to the goal of quality public education . The educational results of charter schools are not as good overall as those of public schools . The mayor proposes evaluation of teachers using test scores . This has been determined to be a poor and divisive method . It causes teachers to teach to the test rather than the most beneficial curriculum for students .
Mayor Emanuel opposes union-proposed reforms , such as lowering class size to enable teachers to identify a child 's individual differences and unique learning styles . The teachers ' union has proposed adding social workers . Such measures would be beneficial in helping students who live in poverty or who experience violence to cope and do better in school .
AI could very well be the central theme of the show
New types of artificial intelligence ( AI ) will be one of the major themes to watch for at the 2017 CES .
AI has been a growing story at the show for the past few years , but at CES 2017 it will be more dramatic and pervasive than ever before . In fact , AI could very well be “ The Story of the Show . ”
Expect AI themes focused on experiences powered by AI , though not necessarily visible to the consumer . This is about the convergence of AI capabilities , such as machine learning , natural language processing , and analytics , that spawn more fidelity and more personalized responses .
AI uses software algorithms and programs to make computers think , predict , learn and solve problems more like humans , to create more efficiencies and other benefits in peoples ' lives .
Thus far this goal has not been completely achieved because computer intelligence has n't attained human levels of intelligence , but substantial progress is being made towards this end . Expect to hear about more new AI applications technologies , products and services than you ever had at CES . These would include AI applications for the automotive , robotics , and health and fitness markets .
Of course AI is also becoming a key part of the infrastructure of the consumer electronics market , so expect to hear about new robotics process automation technologies that can be used to accelerate manufacturing of CE products such as smartphones .
Indeed , according to BofA Merrill Lynch Global research , the U.S. AI and robot market is estimated to be $ 153 billion by the year 2020 — $ 83 billion for robots and $ 70 billion for AI .
On the product side , look for news about AI use in smartphones to ascertain that you have a defect and alert you to this problem .
AI can also use historical data and trends to help predict the future , such as peoples ' buying behaviors . The CE industry , for one , is already leveraging machine learning , a type of artificial intelligence , to increase the number of consumers reached with well-targeted advertisements . For example , you may receive an ad on your fitness monitor of high relevance to you .
Leveraging AI techniques , companies can move customer relationships beyond superficial to deeper , more meaningful interactions that engage customers at unprecedented and hyper-personalized levels , and allowing technology to more fully integrate into our lives .
What 's more , by changing the nature of work and spawning a new relationship between people and machines , Accenture research finds that AI could double annual economic growth rates by 2035 and boost labor productivity by up to 40 percent .
The consumer-facing embodiment of AI is intelligent assistants , which will take center stage at CES 2017 . The story here will be about the availability of platforms upon which intelligent assistants can plug into .
These platforms provide real-world utility to user-assistant interactions —everything from telling you the weather to playing music to controlling the temperature in your home . Accelerated by the emergence of Amazon Echo and Google Home , intelligent assistants are transforming our lives by making everyday tasks easier .
To be sure , intelligent virtual assistants such as Siri and Alexa will be bigger than ever at CES , and one of the biggest AI stories in January . Following brisk holiday sales of these products , expect more introductions at CES than ever before , as these platforms become more widely used in CE products .
We also anticipate plenty of news about higher-performing and more reliable intelligent assistants in which CE technologies interact verbally with humans to ask questions and make suggestions . For example , advanced intelligent assistants can help send messages and update a person when he or she is running late for a meeting .
Besides the advent of these platforms , another trend driving demand for intelligent assistants is a growing dependence on messaging for communications . Messaging platforms such as Facebook Messenger and What 's App , which have become popular with more than a billion monthly users , could evolve to become a one-stop shop for messaging , entertainment and payments .
The growth in sales of digital assistants could also help accelerate the Internet of Things ( IoT ) market , creating new applications and services to make devices more valuable and useful .
All told , the global intelligent virtual assistant market is projected to grow at a 32-percent clip from 2016 through 2024 , according to Transparence Market Research . The market was sized at $ 627 million in 2015 and projected to reach $ 7.9 billion by 2024 .
John Curran is managing director , communications , media and technology , at Accenture , the global tech consultancy .
Photo
Good Friday morning from Washington , where reaction to President Obama 's immigration plan has played out in some unpredictable ways . Republican governors are irritated because the issue hijacked their meeting in Florida , and Democrats worry that the White House will stumble in its sales job . In the Senate , Republicans preparing to take the helm are considering a return to the 60-vote majority needed to end filibusters .
Now that President Obama is forging ahead with his plan to protect up to five million illegal immigrants from deportation , he has to justify the move to the public and withstand an onslaught from Republicans who are determined to portray it as a historic abuse of executive power .
The administration is not known for deft salesmanship of its policies , and that gives some Democrats the jitters .
They fear that the rollout of the immigration plan could be as shaky as the disastrous start last year to the implementation of the health care law . Republicans are eager to draw the parallel .
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky repeatedly compared the Affordable Care Act to the immigration plan on Thursday . “ Just as with Obamacare , ” he said , “ the action the president is proposing is n't about solutions . ”
Democrats believe the aggressive Republican message machine has overwhelmed the White House on a range of issues , including the threat posed by the Islamic State and the administration 's handling of Ebola cases in the United States .
So they will be watching anxiously as the president makes presents his immigration case in Nevada on Friday and elsewhere in the days ahead .
— Carl Hulse
Jeh C. Johnson , the secretary of homeland security , is the man charged with carrying out most of President Obama 's executive actions on immigration . That is likely to be a tough task : His immigration agents have been known to oppose the kinds of changes that Mr. Obama wants to make .
In a letter to the department 's employees , Mr. Johnson pledged on Thursday to meet with them “ in person , by video conference or otherwise ” to explain the changes . He will travel to McAllen , Tex. , on Friday as part of that sales job .
“ I support and recommended to the president each of the reforms to the immigration system , ” Mr. Johnson wrote . “ In my own view , any significant change in policy requires the insight of those who administer the system . I believe we have done that here . ”
He 'll find out if that 's true beginning on Friday , near the banks of the Rio Grande .
— Michael D. Shear
It was a fittingly indignant coda to a Republican conference overshadowed by a Democratic president .
Under an ornate brass chandelier , Haley Barbour , the folksy former governor of Mississippi , fulminated over the rude and unwelcome way in which the Obama administration 's immigration action had dominated the annual meeting in Boca Raton , Fla. , this week of the Republican Governors Association .
It was , he said , “ irksome. ” Not to mention a “ waste of our time . ”
So it went for the chagrined Republicans , who found that reporters who were curious about immigration kept veering from the governors ' script : trumpeting a red-splashed electoral map that has given the party control of 31 statehouses .
Mr. Barbour wore the look of a man who had paid to see a blockbuster action film and had instead sat down to a depressing melodrama .
“ We hold this conference to celebrate our governors and talk about the policies and performance that these governors have produced , ” he said . “ Anything that takes a lot of time away from that really is a waste of our time . ”
It was a message repeated over and over during the three-day conference , firmly , but mostly politely .
Mr. Barbour , however , was not interested in courtesies .
“ If you all want to talk about it , ” he said of immigration , “ go somewhere else . ”
— Michael Barbaro
On Thursday , Senate Republicans began addressing a big question as they prepare to assume control of the Senate : Will they reverse the Democratic rules that make it easier to break a filibuster on most White House nominees ? Doing so now requires a simple majority .
At the party 's weekly private lunch , Senator Mitch McConnell set a Dec. 9 meeting for Republicans to weigh whether to restore the threshold to 60 votes .
Several Senate Republicans have argued it does n't make sense to go back to that requirement . But Mr. McConnell , who considers himself a guardian of Senate traditions , is thought to be eager to go back to the old ways to underscore how wrong the Democratic change was .
But his opinion might be changing . On Thursday , Mr. McConnell encouraged his colleagues to read a Wall Street Journal editorial arguing against a change back .
— Carl Hulse
President Obama heads to Las Vegas to talk about his immigration plan at Del Sol High School .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. is meeting with President Petro O. Poroshenko and Prime Minister Arseniy P. Yatsenyuk of Ukraine in Kiev before heading to Turkey for the next leg of his trip .
Speaker John A. Boehner will hold a 9:15 a.m. news conference to address how Republicans plan to respond to President Obama 's immigration overhaul .
Senator Mary L. Landrieu of Louisiana will campaign with her brother Mitch Landrieu , the mayor of New Orleans , ahead of her runoff election .
Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey says that he has gay friends but that he opposes same-sex marriage . As gay marriage is legal in New Jersey , we asked the governor if he would ever officiate at one . He had a ready answer : “ I ca n't officiate weddings because I do n't have that authority as governor of New Jersey . ”
If he could , would he ?
“ That 's so ridiculous , a hypothetical , ” he snapped . “ I would never answer that . ”
Well , we can be stubborn , too . Many governors can officiate at weddings , we noted , so it is not that ridiculous of a hypothesis .
“ I do n't know if many of them can or ca n't , ” Mr. Christie said . “ But I ca n't , so why would I answer that ? I do n't want to . ”
Wait , did he not want to officiate at a gay wedding , or answer the question ?
“ I do n't want to answer , ” he said . “ Why would I ? ”
— Mark Leibovich
President Obama is not the first president to use his executive powers to help undocumented immigrants , but he will help far more than any of his predecessors , Julie Hirschfeld Davis says .
Senate Democrats got into a tense confrontation with the White House chief of staff over censorship of the C.I.A . torture report , Mark Mazzetti and Carl Hulse report .
Our correspondent in Tehran , Thomas Erdbrink , details the drama in the Iranian capital as the nation 's diplomats fly to Vienna to meet with Secretary of State John Kerry in a final push to reach a compromise on Iran 's nuclear program .
Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York vowed to end the culture of violence at Rikers Island that leaves inmates “ more broken than when they came in , ” according to Michael Winerip and Michael Schwirtz .
Record-breaking snowstorms often have political repercussions ( Mayor Michael A. Bilandic after the 1979 blizzard in Chicago , for example ) , and Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo of New York has led the state response in Buffalo . Video of the governor is here .
Gov . Scott Walker of Wisconsin has his eye on launching a presidential campaign this summer , according to Politico .
Allysia Finley , in The Wall Street Journal , looks at why California Republicans failed to win any additional congressional seats .
Writing in The American Prospect , Robert Kuttner says Democrats can win back the support of working-class whites and increase turnout among blacks and Hispanics .
Mississippi 's secretary of state is working with officials in neighboring states to schedule a Southern “ superprimary ” in 2016 , The Clarion-Ledger in Jackson reports .
The Utah Legislature is considering a plan that would allow firing squads for executions , The Salt Lake Tribune says . ( Utah was the last state to use a firing squad , in the execution of Gary Gilmore in 1977 . )
homepage - goals - transportation - clunkers - clean car savings calculator
Green Transportation :
Clean Car Savings Calculator
Thinking about trading in your old gas guzzler and purchasing a new vehicle ? Buying a highly fuel-efficient car will not only reduce global warming pollution , it will save you money at the pump . The greater the difference in fuel efficiency between your clunker and your new vehicle , the more you will save and the less pollution you will emit .
Importantly , starting in 2012 , new fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas pollution standards for vehicles were put into place . These standards are pushing automakers to put technology to work to reduce oil consumption and cut pollution , and they mean consumers will have better choices . Â
Gas prices are increasingly volatile . Â Even though gas prices did not hit a national average of Â $ 4/gallon , gas prices remain high . Plan your purchase to minimize the impact of rising gas prices , ramp up your MPGs !
Use our calculator to find out exactly how much you will save from driving a more fuel-efficient vehicle with gas prices at current and last year 's levels . Enter the gas mileage of your clunker and the vehicle you 're looking to buy and see your savings .
Use our calculator to find out exactly how much you will save from driving a more fuel-efficient vehicle with gas prices at current and last year 's levels . Enter the gas mileage of your clunker and the vehicle you 're looking to buy and see your savings !
Gas prices Current Gas Price
( $ 3.49/gallon ) July 2011 Gas Price
( $ 3.71/gallon ) Fuel economy of trade-in vehicle Fuel economy of purchase vehicle Miles driven per year Annual dollar savings ? ? Annual gasoline savings ? Annual carbon dioxide savings ?
Thanks to the American Council for an Energy-Efficiency Economy for developing the calculator . Gas price data is from the Energy Information Administration .
Using Geographical Indications as Barriers to Competition in Dairy The EU seeks to keep competitor-produced cheese out of markets by claiming sole ownership of common cheese names
Farm Bankruptcies in 2018 – The Truth is Out There Here 's what we know : Caseload statistics from the United States Courts indicate that in 2018 Chapter 12 family farmer and family fisherman bankruptcies nationwide were down from prior-year levels . Chapter 12 farm bankruptcy provides a flexible and seasonal repayment schedule , and at times may provide lower interest rates and reduce the overall debt burden . [ … ]
Wetlands , Farmers , Just Ducky Between the 2018 Farm Bill , USDA 's interim final rule for “ Highly Erodible Land and Wetland Conservation ” programs and the Environmental Protection Agency 's revised Clean Water Rule we 've been talking a lot about wetlands . So , what do we really know about wetlands in the U.S. ? Are there more or less of them ? Are private property owners or state or federal go [ … ]
A new job listing posted by SimCity developer Maxis reveals that the studio is now working on a new AAA title for the PC .
The ad is seeking a Director of Product Development who will be leading a “ newly formed team within Maxis ” and be in charge of defining development strategy and successfully managing it to quality , time and budget goals .
“ This role requires highly developed relationship building skills , ” notes the ad , “ the ability to build credibility and influence within and outside the Studio . It also requires comfort in using multiple leadership and partnering styles ( e.g . coach ; mentor ; directive/prescriptive as required ) , and an ability to engage , lead , and influence meaningfully at all levels . ”
Early assumptions are that the new title is similar to SimCity but grander on scale . However , it can always be an entirely new IP as well . Whatever the project is , it 's big and is “ critical ” for Maxis ' growth .
SimCity saw to an atrocious launch last year where the game went through severe sever problems . The community also was n't too pleased with the game featuring the controversial always online feature . It took some time before Maxis smoothed out the game and ultimately went against its own decision and made an offline mode . The developer will be surely banking on its new project to be a success and hopefully not repeat the same mistakes of SimCity .
Source EA Careers
For five hours on Tuesday Toronto 's mayor signed bobblehead after bobblehead , thanking his supporters and doggedly ignoring his critics . More than 1,000 people lined up — some as early as 5 a.m. — to lay claim to a limited edition Mayor Rob Ford bobblehead .
Mayor Rob Ford holds a Rob Ford bobblehead doll at Toronto City Hall on Tuesday . Hundreds of people lined up to be the first to own the bobblehead . ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The doll , featuring the mayor smiling and dressed in a navy suit and light blue tie , costs $ 20 and is limited to one per person with proceeds — $ 11.80 after costs — going to the United Way . Supporters and detractors of the mayor crowded city hall in lines that looped the rotunda multiple times , hoping to get a doll before all 1,000 sold out . A handful went home empty-handed , except for a photo with the mayor and his business card , his signature scrawled across it .
Article Continued Below
But Ford promised he 'd be back Wednesday selling Ford Nation t-shirts , also for $ 20 with an undeclared amount of the proceeds going to the United Way . Those lined up had assorted plans for the collector 's item , dozens of which were already being resold online . One seller in Etobicoke is asking for $ 25,000 : “ only 1,000 sold , it will be worth millions one day . Only crack-smoking mayor in the world. ” Another seller , looking for $ 500 promised the money would go to a charity dealing with addiction : a “ win-win for everyone , even Rob Ford. ” Some wanted the doll as a Christmas present ; others came at the bidding of friends and families outside the city ; some came simply for the opportunity to take a photo with the mayor and provide some encouragement after a rough week . Norm Pasquale promised his doll would end up “ hard partying ” or on eBay or maybe , he said , poking fun at Ford 's video controversy .
“ Maybe I 'll do a video and put that on eBay showing how many parties the thing 's taken part in , ” Pasquale said , laughing . “ I 'm thinking like pretend drug smoking , maybe you know a strip joint , night club , on the DJ booth , on the record sort of going back and forth. ” Even though more than 1,000 lined up and all the bobbleheads were sold , Jay White said he was shocked there were n't more people when he arrived just after 7 a.m .
Article Continued Below
“ I thought there 'd be a lineup and people sleeping over , I really did , ” White said , adding he did n't want to miss it . “ We 're living in crazy times and it 's probably going to be a once-in-a-lifetime experience to have a time stamp of a guy that smokes crack as a mayor. ” As people waited , the mayor 's brother , Councillor Doug Ford , made his way around the line , shaking hands and posing for photos . At one point , he mentioned the mayor 's office had changed the design of the bobblehead , dubbed the “ Robbie Bobbie , ” four times but said it 's still missing “ a few pounds. ” He dismissed suggestions it looks more like him than the mayor . When the mayor finally arrived at city hall just after 10:45 a.m. , flanked by security and his driver , he took the stairs to the second floor , where he broke into a sprint . As Ford dashed through the hallway — and through the pack of journalists — as if he were on a football field , an errant elbow made contact with one of the many video cameras in his way . Still , Ford was welcomed with cheers from residents waiting in line and one man , who shouted , “ Resign Rob Ford , resign … Ford Nation is done , ” was escorted out by security . The mayor , who did n't speak with the media except to express his condolences to members of Toronto 's Filipino community , left promising there would be more bobbleheads in three to four weeks . The United Way does n't have any input into fundraising campaigns such as the bobbleheads , said United Way Toronto spokeswoman Michelle Yao . Each of the 700 workplaces that support the organization decide how they will raise money , she said . “ The City of Toronto … make all their own decisions on fundraising activities or any initiatives they undertake in support of their own United Way campaign. ” With files from Rachel Mendleson and Gemma Karstens-Smith
RIM ( Research In Motion ) and AT & T gather the press few days ago to make two big announces : Torch 9800 phone and the 6th version of BlackBerry OS .
BlackBerry Torch is the first touch QWERTY slider smartphone designed by RIM , built for socially connected consumers and packed with the tools business customers love .
The 3.2-inches touchscreen supports a 480×360 display resolution and probably 65k colors . Below , there are BlackBerry usual buttons : Call , Menu , Back , End-Call and between them , the optical trackpad . On the left side of the phone we find the microUSB port while on the right side is the convenience ( camera ) key , volume rockers and a 3.5mm headset jack . On the top side are mute and lock buttons while at the bottom , if you slide the phone up , you will discover the full QWERTY keyboard ( 35 keys ) .
On the back side of the phone is the 5 megapixel camera device along a LED flash . It can record videos with up to 640×480 resolution and has continuous auto focus , image stabilization , scene modes , geo-tagging and zoom .
The internal stuff has some major improvements comparing with previous BlackBerry models . Torch has a 624 Mhz processor and 512 Mb flash ( RAM/ROM ) memory . Each unit will have 4 GB built-in memory storage and will support microSD/SDHD memory card slot , up to 32Gb .
Another major improvement will be the newest operating system : BlackBerry 6 OS . During the conference we were able to see what this new OS will bring :
Visual , Fluid Interface . Icons are arranged on the Home Screen in 5 customizable views ( All , Favorites , Media , Downloads and Frequent ) that are navigable with simple swipes . Another new thing is the Action-Menu .
Icons are arranged on the Home Screen in 5 customizable views ( All , Favorites , Media , Downloads and Frequent ) that are navigable with simple swipes . Another new thing is the Action-Menu . Fast Rich Web Browsing . BlackBerry 6 brings now a new WebKit-based browser that loads web pages ( as well as email ) quickly and beautifully for a great browsing experience . It features tabs , an auto-wrap text zoom feature and pinch to zoom .
BlackBerry 6 brings now a new that loads web pages ( as well as email ) quickly and beautifully for a great browsing experience . It features tabs , an auto-wrap text zoom feature and pinch to zoom . Social Feeds and Text Messaging . The new Social Feeds application provides integrated access to the native BlackBerry® Messenger ( BBM™ ) , Facebook® , Twitter™ , MySpace™ , AOL® Instant Messenger™ , Google Talk™ , Windows Live™ Messenger and Yahoo ! ® Messenger applications for BlackBerry smartphones . RSS Feds can also be added very easily .
The new Social Feeds application provides integrated access to the native BlackBerry® Messenger ( BBM™ ) , Facebook® , Twitter™ , MySpace™ , AOL® Instant Messenger™ , Google Talk™ , Windows Live™ Messenger and Yahoo ! ® Messenger applications for BlackBerry smartphones . RSS Feds can also be added very easily . Engaging Multimedia Experience . BlackBerry® Desktop Software 6 integrates media sync for easily syncing photos and videos as well as iTunes® and Windows Media® Player music with the smartphone .
BlackBerry® Desktop Software 6 integrates media sync for easily syncing photos and videos as well as iTunes® and Windows Media® Player music with the smartphone . Compatibility with Existing BlackBerry Smartphones . BlackBerry 6 OS will start to be available same time as Torch 9800 and can run on every RIM smartphone .
BlackBerry 6 is the outcome of RIM 's ongoing passion to deliver a powerful , simplified and optimized user experience for both touch screen and keyboard fans . Following extensive research and development to address consumer needs and wants , we are delivering a communications , browsing and multimedia experience that we think users will love , and we are thrilled to debut BlackBerry 6 on the amazing new BlackBerry Torch smartphone .
To make each users life easier BlackBerry Torch 9800 will also include BlackBerry App World™ pre-installed . App World focuses on several categories : Education , Finance , Games , News , Music & Audio , Shopping , Sports , Travel , Utilities , Weather and so on .
We sneak inside to see some of the improvements of the new OS , now is time to see the connectivity features of the first touch QWERTY smartphone ever . Torch 9800 will have 3G , EDGE , Bluetooth 2.1 , Wi-Fi® ( 802.11 b/g/n ) , 3.5mm headset jack and GPS ( A-Gps support ) . The 1300 mAh battery promises to provide up to 6 hours of talk time and 30 hours of audio playback/6 hours of video playback .
RIM announced that they will start selling BlackBerry Torch 9800 and BlackBerry 6 OS for AT & T customers from August 12 . It seams that Torch 9800 will cost an estimated $ 199.99 at a 2-year service agreement .
Sources : Torch 9800 , OS
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi is all set to embark on a week-long visit to the US from Saturday to interact with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs working in the field of artificial intelligence .
The Congress believes that artificial intelligence is the next big thing in the field of information technology after the software revolution and wants to understand the intricacies of the sector where India could make rapid strides .
During his visit , Rahul is also scheduled to deliver an address at the University of California , Berkeley on Monday next at an event organised by Institute of International Studies and the Institute for South Asia Studies .
At the event 'India at 70 : Reflections on the Path Forward ' , Rahul is expected to present his views on the path forward for the world 's largest democracy .
At Berkeley , Rahul would follow in the footsteps of his great grandfather and India 's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who had delivered a historic speech at the University of California in 1949 .
While most of the events have been organised in consultation with Sam Pitroda , the chairman of the Overseas Congress , party sources said that former prime minister late Rajiv Gandhi 's friends in the Silicon Valley also took the initiative to invite Rahul to acquaint himself with the emerging frontiers in information technology .
The Congress vice president returned from a visit to Norway on Saturday where he held discussions with political leaders , businessmen and research institutions .
A section within the Congress has questioned the timing of Rahul 's foreign visits which coincide with the crucial elections to Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat . Rahul could not attend RJD supremo Lalu Prasad 's 'BJP Bhagao , Desh Bachao ' rally as well as a farmers ' rally organised by the Gujarat unit of the Congress in the run-up to the elections .
On Monday , Rahul was in Gujarat to launch the party 's campaign for the year-end assembly elections . He is also expected to meet disgruntled leaders from Bihar and attend a farmers ' rally in Parbhani in Maharashtra on Friday .
The Difference Between Learning and Studying
By optilingo
When you commit to learning another language , you are going well beyond just studying . Of course , there is studying involved , but studying something is not the same as learning it . For example , if you ever crammed for a math test , you may have done incredibly well on the test . Two weeks later , you can easily prove that you did not learn the math concepts .
Math is a skill . Speaking in a language ( even your native tongue ) is also a skill . Both are things that you have to learn over time . It requires you trying ( and sometimes failing – even spectacularly ) . Trial and error is an incredibly important aspect of learning any skill .
There are plenty of examples of skills you have learned . Riding a bike , using a mobile device , and typing are all things that you learned to do . If you have every played a musical instrument , it does not matter who you are – you had to learn it over time .
If you had been told how to do anything of things , you would not have been able to do them the first time – no matter how much of an expert the person doing the explaining is . You have to do to learn .
Only you can decide to learn . If you do n't dedicate time and effort into it , you are not going to develop the skill you want .
Studying Is the Beginning
If you decide you want to develop a skill , that is when you start to study . Learning a language is very different than learning any other subject taught in school .
When you study history , you memorize and correlate events and people . When you work at literature , you are studying writing and reading . Even science is done through rather passive studying .
Math and languages are the two subjects where you really have to go beyond just studying the concepts – you have to learn them . The rest of the subjects are largely accumulated knowledge . Learning a language is acquiring a skill .
This is why learning a language can be so difficult .
You can not just passively listen and write information down . You must practice and apply what you have learned .
The studying tools are largely the same . You can learn from a book and audio or with a tutor . However , the way you use the material is very different for a language .
Two Approaches – What Works
There are many different ways to learn most subjects , but there is really only one effective way to become fluent in a language .
Approach 1 – Book Learning
You can take a language book , break it down into different sections , such as pronunciation , vocabulary , and grammar . You can spend time drilling on each of these components separately , with only small amounts of cross over . You can even completely memorize passages to feel how they work together .
However , you are not truly learning the language . If you treat language learning as merely studying , you are missing several key requirements that result in actually learning the language .
Approach 2 – Skill Learning
You really can not compartmentalize language . Every aspect is integrated to form the language . Without vocabulary , you ca n't work with grammar . Without pronunciation , you can not speak the grammar and vocabulary you have learned .
Every aspect of the language is tied to the others .
Just as you did not learn English in pieces , you can learn any other language that way .
Rote memorization simply does not work . Think of a song you know in another language ( or a foreign phrase in a song you enjoy ) . You can sing it , but it does n't really mean anything to you .
While there will be a lot of repetitious actions , such as reviewing text multiple times and working with flashcards , there is much more to the learning process . By equating what you are learning with English , you will better understand how the two languages are comparable and how they are different .
Inference over Traditional Studying
By reading and listening to text in your target language , you are learning it . You must learn to infer the meaning instead of relying on traditional studying . Just like you are taught to infer the meaning of a word in English using context clues , you need to do this with the language you are learning .
Working with Books and Translating
One of the best ways to learn a language is to push yourself . Go to a website in the language you are learning and work at translating it . Use the English equivalent to see how you have done . You can do the same with children 's books in the early staged . This helps you to use what you have learned and put it to use .
Push yourself to do harder and longer texts over time . Listen to vlogs , podcasts , and shows in your target language . You may not understand everything , but you will be able to start picking up words and ideas . This will help reinforce what you have learned .
It is also the way to truly absorb the language .
If you can find a native speaker , that will really push your knowledge . It will probably make you uncomfortable , but that will help you in the long run .
Unlike most subjects , learning a language is a skill . To succeed , you are going to have to realize that mistakes are a part of it . Make working at it part of your regular routine . That is the only way to really develop your skills .
The Nagorno-Karabakh conflict needs its mediators to come to an interim agreement that benefits both sides , while international actors , like the EU , have to differentiate between the factors at play in the Caucasus , writes Dr Gulshan Pashayeva .
Dr Gulshan Pashayeva is deputy director of the Centre for Strategic Studies .
This year , both Azerbaijan and Armenia are celebrating the 25th anniversary of the restoration of their independence . While significant progress has been made in various areas by these states , it has not yet been possible to find a mutually acceptable peace agreement for the unresolved Armenian–Azerbaijani conflict over Nagorno-Karabakh .
Moreover , as the parties to the conflict reached a ceasefire agreement in May 1994 that was followed by the persistence of a no war and no peace situation for more than twenty years .
However , the ramifications of the armed clashes between Armenian and Azerbaijani military forces along the LoC at the beginning of April 2016 drastically shifted the paradigm in the region . Due to the successful counter-attack of the Azerbaijani armed forces , a few strategic heights were retaken for the first time since 1994 .
Incidentally , the loss of 800 out of 800,000 hectares of the security zone in clashes with Azerbaijan in April was also admitted by the Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan . However , President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev noted that the Azerbaijani side in fact regained control over some 2,000 hectares .
Thus , the four-day war and first sign of the process of de-occupation of the so-called security zone , which covers seven Azerbaijani districts ( Lachin , Kelbajar , Aghdam , Fizuli , Jabrail , Gubadli and Zangelan ) adjacent to the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast ( NKAO ) , occupied by Armenian armed forces since 1993 , has created a new reality on the ground and has irrevocably shattered the myth of “ Cyprus-isation ” of this conflict .
The four-day war has also revived the mediation efforts undertaken around this conflict . Some coordination is also observed among the co-chairs of the OSCE Minsk Group , who can be seen to synchronise their activities with each other .
As a result , the Vienna and St. Petersburg meetings were held between the Azerbaijani and Armenian presidents on 16 May and 20 June 2016 , respectively . At the same time , French President François Hollande reaffirmed his commitment to host the next round of negotiations on this conflict on 21 September 2016 .
Nevertheless , the future status of the Nagorno-Karabakh region , which is de jure the internationally recognised territory of Azerbaijan , but currently operates under the separatist regime of the so-called “ Nagorno-Karabakh Republic ” ( NKR ) , is a major stumbling block to any breakthrough in the negotiation process .
Over the years , Armenia has been and remains the guarantor of the security of this self-proclaimed entity , providing overall assistance in military , political , diplomatic , social and economic areas . At the same time , the influential Armenian diaspora backs the “ NKR ” through tangible financial and information support . Without these two core sources , the NKR would not have been able to function for so long .
On the other hand , Azerbaijan does not accept the legitimacy of this unrecognised entity , which has not been recognised by any other state , including its kin-state Armenia , due to the fact that it emerged as a result of the use of military force and the expulsion of Azerbaijani inhabitants , not only from the former NKAO , but also from seven adjacent Azerbaijani districts – in violation of many principles of public international as well as international humanitarian law .
Baku also considers that the rigid position on the right of Nagorno-Karabakh 's Armenian population to self-determination ( in fact , to secession ) has already led to the abuse of the rights of the Azerbaijani population of this region and beyond .
Nevertheless , not only does Azerbaijan continue to regard the Armenian population of Nagorno-Karabakh as its citizens despite the severe aftermath of this armed conflict , but it is also ready to grant Azerbaijan 's Nagorno-Karabakh region the highest degree of self-rule within the territory of Azerbaijan .
Thus , it is today crucial for the mediators to achieve , as a minimum , some substantial interim agreement within a stage-wise settlement which will reconcile this core issue and provide the conflicting parties with a possible solution that does not consider this conflict as a zero-sum game .
The EU has kept some kind of neutrality with regard to this conflict and supported the OSCE Minsk Group 's mediation efforts which unfortunately have been largely fruitless so far .
As Popescu argues “ in its quest for neutrality , the EU has moved from a non-policy on Nagorno-Karabakh , to a ‘ personality split ' , where one face of the EU recognised Azerbaijan 's territorial integrity while the other face of the EU recognised the region 's right to self-determination , which is a central principle of Nagorno-Karabakh 's secessionist movement ” .
Such attitude of the international actors creates false expectations and impedes any progress towards the resolution of this conflict .
Today it is important for international actors , including the EU , to differentiate Azerbaijan 's host-state from Armenia 's kin-state status in this conflict .
Armenia as a kin-state should change its external minority policy , use a cooperative strategy and come to a settlement with Azerbaijan on the basis of compromising or withdrawing its territorial claims , as did other kin-states such as Sweden , Austria and the Republic of Ireland in the cases of the Åland Islands , South Tyrol and Northern Ireland in the European context .
They all realised that good relations with neighbouring states such as Finland , Italy and the United Kingdom are the cornerstone of future stability , development and peace in these regions .
People crowded onto rooftops to watch the proceedings
Enlarge Image
Thousands of people have attended the funerals in Jerusalem of eight students killed by a Palestinian gunman at a Jewish religious college on Thursday . People at the Mercaz Harav seminary openly wept as a rabbi recited prayers over the bodies of the victims . Israel 's government has said the attack will not lead it to break off peace talks with the Palestinian Authority . The gunman , who was shot dead by an army officer , was a resident of East Jerusalem and worked as a driver . Israeli police named him as Ala Hashem Abu Dhaim , a 25-year-old from the Jabal Mukabir neighbourhood . His family set up a funeral tent outside their home there , adorned with the flags of Hamas , Islamic Jihad and the Lebanese militant group , Hezbollah .
Attack threatens wide fallout In pictures : Victims buried Voices : Seminary shooting His sister described him as quiet and intensely religious , but said he was not a member of a militant group . Israeli security forces detained several of his male relatives , his fiancee , and a number of neighbours after the shooting , she added . `` They surrounded the building and raided my brother 's flat . They smashed it up , took things away and arrested all these people , '' she told the BBC Arabic Service . A previously unknown group called the Jalil Freedom Battalions - the Martyrs of Imad Mughniyeh and Gaza , claimed it was behind the attack , Hezbollah 's al-Manar television channel reported . Imad Mughniyeh , a senior Hezbollah leader and military commander , was killed in a car bomb in the Syrian capital , Damascus , on 12 February . The BBC 's Crispin Thorold in Jerusalem says that until Israel establishes whether the statement is true , it is unclear how it will respond . However , the outpouring of public grief will add to pressure on the Israeli government to end the peace talks with the Palestinians , our correspondent says . Palestinian Authority President broke off contacts with the Israelis at the weekend after an Israeli military offensive in the Gaza Strip killed more than 120 people . Settler stronghold Sobbing and wailing filled the air at the funerals for the eight religious students killed in what the Israeli government described as a massacre on Thursday night . Thousands gathered outside the bullet-scarred seminary to attend the ceremony as a rabbi recited Hebrew psalms in memory of the victims , all but one of whom were aged between 15 and 19 . The eldest victim was 26 years old . Police have named Ala Abu Dhaim as the gunman `` The time for us has come to understand that an external struggle as well as an internal struggle is raging , '' Rabbi Yaakov Shapira told the crowd . Abu Dhaim entered the library at the seminary in West Jerusalem , where about 80 students were gathered , and fired an AK-47 rifle for several minutes , witnesses said . Students scrambled to flee the scene , jumping out of windows , witnesses said . A student reportedly shot the gunman twice before an off-duty Israeli army officer killed him . Dani Speigel , a student from the seminary - called a yeshiva in Hebrew - told the BBC of the loss that his school had suffered . `` Well , it 's very hard here in the yeshiva , we 're having a very hard time . What people do not understand is that kids , 14 years old , 15 years old , 16 years old , high school kids died here yesterday , '' he said . MERCAZ HARAV SEMINARY Founded in 1924 by influential Rabbi Avraham Hacohen Kook Some 500 students enrolled in Talmudic study Students mainly high-school age and young adults Graduates serve as rabbis and rabbinical judges in Israel and Jewish settlements School has played a major role in ideology and theology of Israeli religious settlement movement Key figures linked to the school were strongly opposed to Israeli pull-out from Gaza
Grim mood at seminary World reaction in quotes The BBC 's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen says that the school was no ordinary seminary . It was the ideological cradle of the settler movement in the West Bank , which could be the reason it was targeted . Many of its students are on special courses that combine religious study with service in combat units in the Israeli army . Our editor says that those who gathered at the seminary ahead of the victims ' funerals were people who were already opposed to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's decision to engage in talks with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . This incident will only make stronger their determination to stop any agreements going through , our editor says . Blow to talks The Palestinian leadership has been split between Mr Abbas 's Fatah faction , in control of the West Bank , and Hamas , who have ruled Gaza since forcing out Fatah last year . The Palestinians - without Hamas - have been engaged in a US-launched peace process with the Israelis since late last year . Hamas supporters celebrated the attack , drawing condemnation from Mr Abbas as well as Israel . DEADLY ATTACKS ON ISRAELIS 4 Feb 2008 : One dies , Dimona suicide bombing 29 Apr 2007 : Three die , Eilat suicide bombing 17 Apr 2006 : Nine die , 40 wounded , suicide bombing near old bus station in Tel Aviv 30 Mar 2006 : Four die , Kedumim suicide bombing 29 Dec 2005 : Three die , suicide bombing near Tulkarm 5 Dec 2005 : Five die , Netanya suicide bombing 26 Oct 2005 : Six die , Hadera market suicide bombing 12 July 2005 : Two die , Netanya suicide bombing 25 Feb 2005 : Five die , 50 hurt , suicide bombing outside Tel Aviv nightclub 13 Jan 2005 : Six die , suicide bombing at Karni crossing Hamas described the shooting as a `` natural reaction '' to Israel 's actions in Gaza . The Israeli operations aim to stop Palestinian militants from firing rockets from Gaza that have been hitting its border towns since it ended its permanent military presence in Gaza in 2005 . There was international condemnation of Thursday 's shooting . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said it was `` clearly an attempt to strike a blow at the very heart of the peace process '' . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called it a `` savage attack '' , but the UN Security Council failed to agree on a statement . HAVE YOUR SAY As long as Gaza keeps firing missiles into Israeli towns , Israel will do everything to defend itself Elaine , UK The Libyan representative said his country and several others wanted the council to couple any condemnation of the Jerusalem shootings with one against Israel for killing large numbers of civilians , including children , in Gaza . Israel has occupied East Jerusalem since the 1967 war and annexed the area , a move not recognised by the international community . Israel regards the entire city as its `` eternal , indivisible '' capital and has settled hundreds of thousands of Jews in East Jerusalem . The Palestinians hope to establish the capital of their future state in East Jerusalem , which is home to about 240,000 Palestinians .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
The Komodo team has been hard at work , and some of that work you can feast your eyes upon today with the release of Komodo IDE 10.2 . This release is focussed primarily on two features : unit testing and Slack sharing , but it 's not just about the features ; we 've fixed roughly 100 bugs and made quite a few improvements and enhancements . We hope you enjoy this iteration of Komodo IDE and look forward to your feedback !
All New Unit Testing
[ [ { “ fid ” : ” 1564″ , ” view_mode ” : ” default ” , ” fields ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Unit Testing in Komodo 10.2″ } , ” type ” : ” media ” , ” field_deltas ” : { “ 1 ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Unit Testing in Komodo 10.2″ } } , ” link_text ” : null , ” attributes ” : { “ title ” : ” Unit Testing in Komodo 10.2″ , ” height ” : ” 417″ , ” width ” : ” 770″ , ” class ” : ” media-element file-default ” , ” data-delta ” : ” 1″ } } ] ]
We 've rebuilt unit testing from the ground up to support a wider variety of frameworks and facilitate more productivity . You can run tests for major frameworks including PHPUnit ( PHP ) , pytest ( Python 2 and 3 ) , Prove ( Perl ) , Mocha ( Node.js ) , RSPec ( Ruby ) and Go , as well as any frameworks that output in TAP or TeamCity compatible formatting .
New functionality enables you to filter test results , jump to test definitions and place breakpoints directly in your test for easy debugging – all with a new and improved UX . With Komodo 10.2 , you can run tests more efficiently than before , and enhance your Test Driven Development processes .
Slack Sharing
[ [ { “ fid ” : ” 1565″ , ” view_mode ” : ” default ” , ” fields ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Slack Sharing in Komodo 10.2″ } , ” type ” : ” media ” , ” field_deltas ” : { “ 1 ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Slack Sharing in Komodo 10.2″ } } , ” link_text ” : null , ” attributes ” : { “ title ” : ” Slack Sharing in Komodo 10.2″ , ” height ” : ” 316″ , ” width ” : ” 770″ , ” class ” : ” media-element file-default ” , ” data-delta ” : ” 1″ } } ] ]
If your team lives on Slack , sharing a code snippet is a quick way to get problems solved . Now you can share snippets , diffs and all kinds of code directly from Komodo to your team on Slack . Give your ctrl+c and ctrl+v a break .
Yarn Support ( New Package Manager for Node.js )
[ [ { “ fid ” : ” 1566″ , ” view_mode ” : ” default ” , ” fields ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Yarn support for Komodo 10.2″ } , ” type ” : ” media ” , ” field_deltas ” : { “ 1 ” : { “ format ” : ” default ” , ” field_file_image_alt_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : false , ” field_file_image_title_text [ und ] [ 0 ] [ value ] ” : ” Yarn support for Komodo 10.2″ } } , ” link_text ” : null , ” attributes ” : { “ title ” : ” Yarn support for Komodo 10.2″ , ” height ” : ” 371″ , ” width ” : ” 770″ , ” class ” : ” media-element file-default ” , ” data-delta ” : ” 1″ } } ] ]
Get the performance and reliability of Yarn without having to leave your IDE . Komodo integrates with Yarn in the same way it does with npm . You can run commands in the “ Go To Anything ” search field or through a dynamic toolbar button , helping to speed up your Node.js workflow .
Django and Flask Toolboxes
Step up your Django or Flask development with new toolboxes based on open-source contributions . Save time writing boilerplate code by just double-clicking a snippet to insert it directly into your file . Does n't get easier than that .
( Credit to Djaneiro , Flask-Sublime and flask-snippets . )
Ruby on Rails Updates
Komodo has supported Ruby on Rails for years now , but our tools had gotten a little bit dated for those of you using the latest and greatest Rails version . With Komodo 10.2.0 we 've brought everything up to date again .
Tutorials for Catalyst , Django , Flask , Pyramid and Rails
We 've added a bunch of new tutorials that will help you get started developing for the given frameworks in Komodo . They will walk you through setting up your projects and configuring codeintel for optimal use for each framework . You can access them through your Toolbox > Tutorials or “ Go To Anything ” using the tutorial name ( eg . “ Django Setup Tutorial ” ) .
Improved Shell Scope
Komodo has had a “ Shell Scope ” for its “ Go to Anything ” feature for quite a while now . It 's incredibly useful for running terminal commands from within Komodo as it provides you with auto completions and argument hints . Unfortunately , the feature has always been a bit hidden and awkward to use as you had to navigate down to the scope just to be able to use it . With 10.2.0 you can now just type your commands in “ Go to Anything ” and Komodo will provide you completions then and there .
And much more
Newcastle United starlet Yasin Ben El-Mhanni is the latest to have his skills showcased by FFDTVOnline .
You can see the channels vast array of videos previewing nutmegs , panenkas and even things described as elastico flip flaps by Clicking Here .
El-Mhanni 's skills and ability with the ball have been demonstrated by the channel 's videos of him for over three years now . Across that time he has doubled as Neymar in a Nike shoot , had trials at Chelsea & West Brom and was eventually signed this season as a street footballer by Newcastle United where he has played regularly for the U23 's .
The 21 year old youngster made his first team debut at St James Park against Birmingham City in the FA Cup and madea a second appearance in their defeat to Oxford United in the same competition .
It 's clear to see why the 21 year old is so highly rated by the club 's staff and he could well be a name to watch out for in the coming seasons .
For more videos of him please Click Here and Here .
Documents obtained by Firedoglake under New Jersey 's Open Public Records Act ( OPRA ) detail New Jersey Governor and popular contender for the Republican Party 's 2016 Presidential nomination Chris Christie 's career as a registered lobbyist .
In February 1999 Christie joined his longtime friend and still close political advisor Bill Palatucci as a registered lobbyist in the state of New Jersey . Christie filed reports with New Jersey 's Election Law Enforcement Commission as a legislative agent through 1999 into 2001 when he sent a notice of termination in September of 2001 thereby removing his status as a registered legislative agent . Palatucci would remain a registered lobbyist after that time .
Christie and Palatucci were the registered legislative agents for various business and political interests that would become major players and supporters when Christie became governor . Some of their clients would become fixtures in the headlines associated with corruption , others key allies in promoting Governor Christie 's legislative agenda .
The Bernie Madoff Connection
According to the book Double Down one of the reasons Mitt Romney and team were hesitant to take further action to recruit Chris Christie as their nominee for Vice President of the United States were unsettling facts concerning Christie 's lobbying career in relation to infamous convicted ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff .
Disclosed in the lobbying records is proof that in the year 2000 Christie did work as a legislative agent for the Securities Industry Association of which Madoff was a member , ultimately serving as a director and two-term board member . The level of Madoff 's personal involvement in Christie and Palatucci 's work on his association 's behalf is not known . Any communication between Christie and Madoff is not subject to OPRA requests .
What is known is that Palatucci and Christie worked in opposition to New Jersey Assembly Bill 1489 which sought to amend the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act “ to include securities in the definition of covered merchandise under the act. ” Including securities in the Consumer Fraud Act may have made it more difficult for financiers like Bernard Madoff to commit securities fraud .
Christie and Palatucci and all those opposing the bill were successful and efforts to include financial securities in the Consumer Fraud Act failed with the defeat of A.1489 .
All Expense Paid Trip For Ethically Challenged Assemblyman
As US Attorney Chris Christie amassed an impressive record of convicting New Jersey officials on corruption charges . His success in doing so arguably laid the groundwork for his victorious run for Governor of New Jersey in 2009 . But before Christie became the populist prosecutor with a special taste for corrupt politicians he wheeled and dealed with the rest of the lobbyists in Trenton including a questionable all expense paid trip for a politician plagued by ethics problems .
Christie and Palatucci were the legislative agents for the University of Phoenix Online which was trying to get licensed in the state of New Jersey . As part of their effort they flew an assemblyman by the name of Rudy Garcia down to Phoenix , Arizona and wined and dined him in hopes of winning his support .
According to disclosures made to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission , in November of 1999 Christie and Palatucci picked up the assemblyman 's food , travel , and entertainment expenses for his four day trip which amounted to $ 1,948.78 .
While on his four day trip , to learn more about the the University of Phoenix Online 's licensing problem , Garcia played golf at Dove Valley Ranch Golf and Grayhawk Golf Club courtesy of Christie and Palatucci . Two days out of a four day trip Garcia was on the golf course . Fortunately he could rest after his golf outings in the Phoenix sun at the four-star Doubletree Paradise Valley Hotel – also courtesy of Christie and Palatucci .
But unfortunately for Assemblyman Garcia the good times would not last as he 's facing an investigation for corruption in his other job – being mayor of Union City . Previous to recent reforms New Jersey politicians were allowed to be both a local office holder and in the state legislature . Some still are thanks to a grandfather clause in the reform bill .
While his career in the state assembly may have been a holiday in the sun , Garcia 's tenure as Mayor of Union City would prove stormy and after an investigation by the State Attorney General 's office for improprieties in city finances and the Hudson County Democratic organization he was Treasurer for . In October 2000 Garcia resigned as mayor rather than face a recall election and did not run for another term in the state assembly .
However , leaving public office did not keep Garcia out of the headlines as he would later face charges as being part of a $ 500 million illegal sports betting ring . But Garcia would once again escape indictment admitting that he had made illegal bets but claimed he was not part of running the operation .
Today former Assemblyman Garcia is a registered lobbyist in Trenton .
School Privatization / “ Ed Reform ” Movement
While in office Governor Christie has pursued an aggressive agenda of “ reforming ” public education which includes using voucher programs , charter schools , and limiting teacher tenure . Christie 's expierience with the public education reform or privatization movement goes as far back as his lobbying career where he and Palatucci were legislative agents for for-profit Edison Schools Inc. , a company that profited from privatizing the management of public schools . Edison Schools Inc. – now EdisonLearning – was at one time the biggest private manager of public schools .
In 2000 Christie and Palatucci lobbied on Edison Schools ' behalf for New Jersey Assembly Bill 1344 to “ establish required funding level for charter school students and revises procedure for evaluation of the charter school program. ” And in 2001 they lobbied for , on Edison 's behalf , Assembly Bill 3756 to increase state aid to charter schools in struggling districts known in New Jersey as “ Abbott districts ” after a state supreme court case that mandated poorer communities receive state funding for public education .
Christie 's interest in using Abbott districts as zones for experimentation in privatizing aspects of public education would continue into his tenure as governor . While Governor of New Jersey Christie has promoted the growth of charter schools to unprecedented levels within the state and is gearing up for a renewed push for vouchers in second term . Abbott districts are the focus of the “ reform ” movement as the state can take them over to bypass local opposition . Something extremely difficult to do in the wealthier communities in the state .
Christie 's relationship with Edison would also prove long lasting as his appointment for New Jersey Commissioner of Education was a former Edison School executive , Chris Cerf . In fact , while Christie served as Edison School Inc. 's registered lobbyist Cerf was chief counsel for the company . Cerf would go on to be President and COO of Edison .
However though Christie 's star would rise after lobbying for his client Edison would fall on hard times . In 2001 , while Christie and Palatucci were Edison 's lobbyists in Trenton the company was investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) ultimately resulting in a cease and desist letter for Edison 's claims of profitability .
In 2002 Edison would go private after receiving a bailout from , in an ironic twist , the Florida Pension System which makes investments for the state 's public school teachers . The bailout was approved by “ ed reform ” advocate and then Governor of Florida Jeb Bush .
Other Clients
Along with Edison Schools Inc , The Securities Industry Association , and University of Phoenix Online , Palatucci and Christie worked for local interests such as Mid-Atlantic Power and Hackensack Medical Center attempting to ease state regulations and obtain government funds .
The full documents can be viewed below .
{ ! hitembed ID= ” hitembed_1″ width= ” NaN ” height= ” 500″ align= ” none ” ! }
* If you have any issues viewing the documents please email me . ds83wright [ at ] gmail.com
Photo by Gage under Creative Commons license .
The decision faced by dictators to shut off the Internet ( and risk economic loss ) or keep their citizens online ( and risk an Internet-assisted revolt ) has been referred to by some as the `` dictator 's dilemma . '' In the case of Sudan , where anti-austerity protests have been raging for five days and calls to overthrow the regime have been reported , the dictator 's decision is made a bit easier by the fact that only about one in ten citizens has access to the Internet .
Thus far , there is only speculation as to whether or not the Sudanese government has shut down -- or might shut down -- communications networks . As reported by Global Voices , Sudanese activists and journalists in the country have heard rumors of an impending shutdown . In preparation , Twitter users in the country have been sharing the numbers for Speak to Tweet , the service that was created during the Egyptian uprising in January 2011 that allowed individuals on the ground to call a number and leave a message which was then tweeted to the public .
Also bolstering the rumors is the fact that authorities have arrested several journalists and activists over the past few days . Among those that have been detained are Maha El-Sanosi , a blogger with Global Voices ( who has since been released ) and a citizen journalist named Usamah who has been active on Twitter for years under the name @ Simsimt . Usamah was arrested shortly after an appearance on the television program Al Jazeera Stream and his whereabouts remain unknown .
In addition to rumors of an Internet shutdown , there is also speculation that authorities are using technology to track activists and journalists . In 2011 , authorities reportedly set up a Facebook page calling for protest , then used it to entrap and detain activists . There have also been reports over the past year of authorities demanding -- or torturing for -- the Facebook and email passwords of detainees .
As the protests continue , citizen journalists are using social media to disseminate photos , videos and news from the ground .
EFF will be keeping a close eye on developments ; in the meantime , we urge activists and journalists to take security precautions when using digital communications tools . Our Surveillance Self-Defense International report provides tips on how to use technology defensively to protect oneself from government surveillance .
Strong performances for the Chittagong Kings could help put Ravi Bopara back on the path to international cricket again © Chittagong Kings
When he left the pitch after his dismissal in Pallekele with England 's defence of their World T20 all but over , it seemed Ravi Bopara may not represent England again .
Devoid of confidence , Bopara 's record in recent games has been not so much modest as agoraphobic : his last eight international innings have yielded two double figure scores - the best being 22 - and three ducks . World-weary , diffident and even sad , he has looked unrecognisable from the carefree player who had once scored centuries in three successive Tests .
But , as Bopara returns for Chittagong Kings in the next few days , it may be time for the England selectors to consider him once again for the ODI side .
England requires an allrounder to balance the side . With five specialist batsmen ( Alastair Cook , Ian Bell , Jonathan Trott , Kevin Pietersen and Eoin Morgan ) , four specialist bowlers ( James Anderson , Stuart Broad , Graeme Swann and Steven Finn ) and a wicketkeeper ( to be decided ) all highly likely to feature at start the Champions Trophy in five months , it is clear that they require someone who can reliably provide another 10 overs and bat in either defensive or offensive fashion . Bopara may yet be that man .
Samit Patel has made a decent claim for the position in the first two ODIs in India . His batting , in particular , appears well-suited to the role - he averages 37.00 in ODIs with a strike-rate of 95.62 - but concerns over his bowling linger . He has not taken a wicket in his last 10 ODIs and , in that time , has delivered 56 overs at a cost of 277 runs and only twice contributed a full 10-over allocation . While his ODI economy-rate , 5.42 overall , the effectiveness of his gentle left-arm spin on Indian pitches may well not be replicated on home pitches in June .
Bopara offers a viable alternative . His ODI economy-rate is an impressive 4.63 - better than Anderson or Broad - which drops to 3.23 in his last 11 ODIs as his well-controlled medium-pace has improved and , while his batting average , 30.62 , and strike-rate , 75.68 , are inferior to Patel 's , it is worth noting that , at No . 6 , Bopara 's strike-rate rises to 90.90 . As he showed with unbeaten innings of 45 in 16 balls against Bangladesh at Edgbaston made from No . 7 and 37 from 22 balls against India in Cardiff made from No . 5 , he has the power and ranger of strokes to add late impetus to an innings . The selectors will not have forgotten his cultured innings of 60 against South Africa in a low-scoring game in the 2011 World Cup , either . It led to a victory and was one of the higher points for England in a dismal campaign .
He will need to prove he has rediscovered the ability to focus on his game but Bopara is still only 27 and should have the best part of his career in front of him .
But there is a sense that they may have lost patience with him . It is true that he has been on the periphery of the England sides for several years - he has played 118 international games for England across the three formats - without ever nailing down a position . It is true , too , that younger men have passed him in the struggle for a Test place . There are those who have concluded that Bopara is the sort to go missing under pressure ; not so much the sort you want beside you in a trench , but opposite you in the enemy 's trenches .
But it would be wrong to judge Bopara on the form he showed in the last few months of 2012 . Troubled by matters off the pitch , he was unable to dedicate himself fully to his work and his performance suffered . He is better than the shuffling mess that was , against all logic , promoted to bat at No . 3 at Trent Bridge in September . While he will need to prove he has rediscovered the ability to focus on his game , he is still only 27 and should have the best part of his career in front of him .
There are other candidates . Chris Woakes , Luke Wright , Tim Bresnan and Ben Stokes are among those who might do a good job for England . The selectors may also decide that the wicketkeeper should bat at No . 6 and allow the inclusion of five specialist bowlers with Broad or Swann batting as high as No . 7 . Bearing in mind that four of England 's current top five in the ODI side - Trott , Pietersen , Cook , Morgan and Pietersen - currently feature in the top five of England 's highest all-time ODI averages , then that may not be as big a risk at it appears at first glance . Bell and Patel feature in the top 16 , too .
But , in English conditions , a seam-bowling allrounder capable of batting in the top seven will remain the preference . If Bopara can prove he has put his troubles behind him , he is worth bearing in mind .
Of more immediate concern to England ahead of the third ODI , for which Tim Bresnan will return to contention having recovered from bruising just above his knee , is how they bowl to MS Dhoni . England 's assistant coach , Richard Halsall , said the side were frustrated that they had let match-defining opportunities slip away from them in the second ODI , but it might be more accurate to admit that Dhoni wrestled them away .
`` At one stage they were 119 for 4 , a great opportunity , and even when they made 285 we got to 60 for 1 after 10 overs and were thinking 'we are going to win this ' , '' Halsall said . `` The disappointment is that we created two very good opportunities to win a game of cricket in India , which is very hard to do , and we did n't take them . It was a heavy defeat and the lads were disappointed they did n't deliver . ''
George Dobell is a senior correspondent at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Introduction
Problem : privacy-oriented services do not accept monero .
Solution : Collect monero to donate to privacy-oriented services , assisting them with getting set up to receive monero .
Rationale : A service that sees lots of Monero ready to donate will be incentivized to find a way to accept monero ( with assistance ) .
Benefits : During the process of informing these services of monero and setting them up to receive monero , these services will hopefully wish to include a `` donate with monero '' button on their website .
Milestones
Milestone 1 : Collect Monero
Because Monero will be using the i2p network , I think this should be the priority for donations . We can agree on some other projects , and we can suss out how to divy them up at some point . We could even break apart this `` task '' into several tasks , such that it is clear where people want to donate to .
Milestone 2 : Contact projects and inform them that X $ amount of XMR is waiting for them if they set up the ability to accept monero .
Milestone 3 : Assist those projects in setting up Monero .
Now , of course , the devils advocate would state that these services might be aware of Monero and are simply not accepting it yet because they are smart and do their research and realize that Monero 's privacy technology is kinda borked until we implement MRL4 . If this is the case , fine - accumulation of Monero for future donation will take time .
Nicknamed `` Uber for birth control , '' Nurx wants to make PrEP and the Pill more widely available .
This Contraceptive Delivery Service Is Now Giving Away Free Birth Control—In Donald Trump 's Name
Following the election , doctors ' offices saw a surge of women scrambling to secure birth control as they faced an administration that could make access to contraception even more difficult than it already is .
Getty
But Nurx , a contraceptive home-delivery app that made headlines when it added PrEP to its offerings , is taking a bold stand against the Republican Party 's war on reproductive rights : It 's giving away free birth control in Donald Trump 's name .
Today through December 25 , new Nurx users can get a $ 45 credit , good for up to three months of free birth control , simply by using the promo code “ DonaldTrump . ”
It could n't come at a more dire time : If Congress manages to repeal the Affordable Care Act , health plans will no longer be required to cover at least one form of the 18 contraceptives approved by the FDA .
Vice President-elect Mike Pence has referred to the ACA 's current birth-control mandate as “ anti-Christian . ”
And President-elect Trump has selected as the Department of Health and Human Services Senator Tom Price , who has said the requirement is “ trampling on religious freedom and religious liberty in this country . ”
“ Donald Trump has said repeatedly that he wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act , and that would mean that millions of women would lose access to free birth control , ” says Nurx co-founder and CEO Hans Gangeskar . “ This motivated us to figure out a way to help make contraception even more accessible . ”
No prescription is required : You simply select your preferred brand of birth control , answer a few questions and enter insurance and shipping information . A doctor then reviews the submission , writes a prescription and the medication is delivered directly to you . Using the “ DonaldTrump ” promo code at checkout will give you a $ 45 credit . After the promo ends , birth control through Nurx is free with insurance ( for as long as the ACA remains in tact ) and as low as $ 15 month without it .
No wonder Nurx has been called the “ Uber for birth control . ”
“ Women should be able to access birth control on their own terms , ” says co-founder Dr. Edvard Engesaeth . “ Patients can use their insurance to cover their contraceptives , rather than being forced to pay cash . ”
Getty Images
Nurx is currently only available in California , New York , Washington State , and Washington , DC , but the company recently acquired $ 5.3 million in new funding , with the aim of expanding nationwide .
They have plans to launch in red states including Ohio , Missouri , and Pennsylvania in the near future , to be followed by Virginia , Illinois , and Florida .
As part of its mission to put people in control of their own health , Nurx also aims to make PrEP ( pre-exposure prophylaxis , known commercially as Truvada ) more accessible .
Getty Images
When used as directed , PrEP is more than 90 % effective at preventing new HIV infections in both men and women .
More than 79,000 people in the U.S. have started using it in the last four years—a great start , but still far short of the 1.2 million people the CDC recommends should be taking it . That 's something Nurx hopes to change by reducing barriers and improving access .
Federal health officials estimate that about a third of primary care doctors and nurses are unaware of Truvada 's existence .
“ Unfortunately , access is still a major problem for many who need and want to be on PrEP , ” said Jayne Gagliano , the PrEP Services Coordinator at Nurx . “ We are changing the game in the fight against HIV by making PrEP more accessible through our app . ”
Cost is also an issue : In the developing world , the wholesale price for PrEP is about $ 6- $ 7 for a month 's supply . In the U.S. it 's more than $ 1,400 a month . If your insurance does n't cover it—or , in a post-ACA world , you do n't have insurance—that 's prohibitively expensive .
There 's no promo code for free PrEP yet , but Nurx is dedicated to providing safe , healthy and accessible solutions to putting everyone in charge of their own sexual health .
“ Women should not have to jump through unnecessary hoops just to access birth control , ” says Dr. Jessica Knox , Nurx 's Medical Director . “ The pill remains prescription-only throughout the United States , but with our app , we 're making birth control more accessible than ever . ”
For more updates on Nurx 's free birth control campaign , follow # FreeBirthControl on social media .
Seeds of hope are finally growing in the town of Smiths Falls .
After more than six years , there is life in the old Hershey chocolate plant thanks to Tweed Inc. , a fully-licensed medical marijuana production facility .
“ A lot of people have visions of Grateful Dead fans growing marijuana , ” says Chuck Rifici , Tweed Inc. CEO .
“ What we tried to do is be open and transparent , so people can see what this really is , ” he adds .
What they are is a facility that currently grows 8500 marijuana plants and employs about 40 people . Tweed Inc. hopes to one day expand its operation to 50,000 plants .
“ We thought this was a good opportunity and we did n't want to turn it down . We said it was going to create a hundred jobs , ” says Dennis Staples , Smiths Falls Mayor .
Many dignitaries were invited for a special ribbon-cutting ceremony at 1 Hershey Drive . The future of the plant has seen its shares of ups and downs .
Despite the shift in production from chocolate to marijuana , many in Smiths Falls are just happy people will be able to find work .
“ I was there for almost 13 years and lost my job . So we definitely need jobs in this town badly , ” says one resident .
‘ It 's legal . It 's employing people . It 's the use of a great facility , ” says another .
Construction on new grow rooms is already underway at the facility . Tweed Inc. hopes this first expansion will be up and running by the end of the year .
With a report from CTV 's John Hua
Next year will see one more regional Internet registry run out of IPv4 addresses , but 2012 will be more of a year to prepare for the inevitable shift to IPv6 than an Internet doomsday , according to networking experts .
By midyear , Europe 's RIPE NCC ( Réseaux IP Européens Network Coordination Centre ) is expected to allocate the last of its addresses under the version of Internet Protocol used by most consumers and enterprises now . That event will follow the depletion in April of addresses controlled by APNIC ( Asia-Pacific Network Information Centre ) , the first of the five regional registries to run out of addresses for enterprises and service providers .
When it comes to Internet addressing , the year now winding to a close may prove to have been the most significant for decades . On Feb. 3 , the Internet Assigned Names and Numbers Authority ( IANA ) got out of the business of assigning blocks of IPv4 addresses , 30 years after that protocol debuted . As planned , IANA handed out one of its remaining five blocks of addresses -- each about 16 million addresses -- to each of the five regional registries , which serve Asia-Pacific , Europe , North America , Latin America and Africa .
Though the clock is ticking on the remaining availability of new IPv4 addresses , people working on this transition assure users that they are n't likely to be cut off from either websites or Web viewers for quite some time . Transitional techniques to make the two systems coexist wo n't seriously degrade Internet performance for a while , some said . What this gives enterprises is time to prepare .
Europe is up next
The next nail in the coffin of IPv4 is expected to be hammered in on July 22 , according to a forecasting site operated by Geoff Huston , who is an adjunct research fellow at the Centre for Advanced Internet Architectures at Swinburne University of Technology in Australia . That 's when RIPE is likely to allocate the last of its remaining addresses to an enterprise or Internet service provider , based on the current rate at which it 's handing them out .
`` That does n't mean that Europeans are suddenly going to be stripped of their exising IPv4 address space , '' said Cricket Liu , vice president of architecture at Infoblox , a vendor of automated network control appliances . However , `` it 's going to be much harder to get IPv4 address space , '' he said .
That date could move closer if European service providers react as those in the Asia-Pacific region did this year , Liu said .
`` Once their stock started to dwindle , a lot of carriers went , 'Wow , we 'd better get what address space we can , quickly , ' '' Liu said . The Asian registry depleted its last block in mid-April . Such a run on addresses in Europe is `` a real possibility '' in 2012 , he said . RIPE and other registries have already tightened the rules for IPv4 address allocation to prevent hoarding and panic from draining the pool too quickly , but RIPE might yet do more , he said .
In 2013 , it will be North America 's turn to watch its Internet registry run out of IPv4 addresses , according to Huston 's forecast . Africa and Latin America will face the same in 2014 .
Adoption is still sparse
But despite the impending depletion of addresses , most enterprises did n't begin upgrading to IPv6 last year . As of October , fewer than 1 percent of all subdomains under the .com , .net and .org top-level domains had IPv6-enabled Web servers on them , according to an automated sampling commissioned by Infoblox . Notably , that survey excluded .gov and individual country domains , where use could be higher .
Most enterprises outside Asia are not acting aggressively to upgrade , and most wo n't next year either , according to IDC analyst Nav Chander .
`` Most of them understand that they can live without having to make any major investments immediately , '' Chander said .
And most carriers , though they have upgraded their own infrastructures to handle IPv6 and are offering consulting services , are n't strongly pushing customers to move to the new protocol , Chander said .
The lack of IPv4 addresses probably wo n't force many enterprises or carriers into IPv6 in the next few years , observers said . Most organizations that adopt IPv6 will do so with dual-stack configurations that support both protocols , and NAT ( network address translation ) can bridge the gap to make IPv4 resources available to IPv6-only systems and vice versa , Liu of Infoblox said .
Eventually , using NAT for every connection between new and old systems could slow down the Internet experience , but the traffic going through those systems wo n't be heavy enough to cause problems in 2012 , Liu predicted .
BYOD is n't a threat yet
Letting employees use their own mobile phones and tablets at work wo n't force companies to use IPv6 , either , he said . As long as the IT department has done a good job of laying out its private , internal address space , which can continue using IPv4 addresses indefinitely , there should be enough for the consumer devices , Liu said .
However , other trends that are expected to grow next year could help to drive adoption of IPv6 .
`` The wild card ... is that there are particular applications or services in the pipeline that leverage IPv6 , '' said Infoblox Chief IPv6 Evangelist Tom Coffeen .
More enterprises are now developing proprietary mobile applications , and IPv6 might allow those applications to operate in a more seamless way because of peer-to-peer capabilities built into the protocol , IDC 's Chander said . For example , one large courier company is developing its own internal social networking software , he said . Companies creating those kinds of applications may put pressure on service providers to make IPv6 available , Chander said .
Meanwhile , carriers are rapidly getting more involved in the delivery of multimedia content , including building their own content delivery networks or integrating similar functions in routers , Chander said . With IPv6 , packets can traverse a network directly from servers to clients , with fewer hops in between .
`` Content delivery over their own networks is going to be faster and more efficient with IPv6 , '' Chander said .
Time to get ready
Given that most enterprises wo n't actually need IPv6 in order to reach their employees or customers in 2012 , next year can be a time to prepare without a looming deadline , observers said .
`` 2012 is a great time to learn and to plan , '' Liu said . `` Capitalize on the lead time that you have available to you . '' He recommended steps such as educating IT staff , getting them to experiment with IPv6 in a lab setting , and putting together a plan for deploying the new protocol on Internet-facing devices on the periphery of the network .
`` Figure out how to incorporate IPv6 into your upgrade cycles and your process update cycles '' to get prepared for a smooth deployment , Infoblox 's Coffeen added .
Security is also something to think about soon , because it ca n't wait until after adopting IPv6 , said Qing Li , chief scientist at BlueCoat Systems , a Web security and wide-area network optimization company . He estimated that most enterprises will take five to 10 years from the start of IPv6 adoption until they have eliminated IPv4 . Using the new protocol , or a combination of the two , presents different kinds of threats , he said .
`` Five to ten years is a long time . You 'd better know how to secure your network in this mixed-mode environment , '' Li said .
Stephen Lawson covers mobile , storage and networking technologies for The IDG News Service . Follow Stephen on Twitter at @ sdlawsonmedia . Stephen 's e-mail address is stephen_lawson @ idg.com
NEW DELHI : The construction and housing sector will get a tad greener by the end of the next year . The government has decided to make it mandatory for new buildings to undertake energy efficient measures , rainwater harvesting and use recyled construction material in parts under the sustainable habitat mission of the national action plan on climate change.The government will also finalise norms for integrating parking , taxation , congestion charges and other measures to promote public transport across different cities.The mission report , finalized by the urban development ministry and cleared by the government , will now be presented to the Prime Minister 's climate change council when it next convenes.At present , several different norms exist for energy efficiency and water harvesting and are implemented with a great amount of variance across different cities . The government will turn them into a unified national standard so that they can be uniformly applied across the country.Realizing that urban development measures lie under state governments and not the Centre , the Union government plans to leverage the grants it makes under the JNNURM programme to get the states on board . The grants from the Centre under the massive urban development programme will have built in conditions to ensure that the national standards are incorporated in the bye-laws of cities utilizing the funds.The norms will mandate minimum energy performance standards for residential and commercial buildings.While questions about actual implementation of the norms at present remain questionable considering past experience , the government , sources told TOI , is looking at less coercive and inspection-based ways of turning the laws into practice.The government plans to carry out a gamut of climate-friendly activities through the urban development ministry under the 11th five-year Plan pilot projects . Demonstration programmes would also be carried out and separately budgeted for as part of the mission.The legal and regulatory measures that cover a broad spectrum of areas will be consolidated under the National Sustainable Habitat Parameters .
Quick-thinking girl , 10 , traps paedophile by using her games console to take picture of him molesting her
John Fisher admitted attacking his young victim twice
Picture taken by girl offered 'indisputable proof '
Judge jailed him for three-and-a-half-years
A 10-year-old girl trapped a paedophile when she used her games console to take a picture of him touching her .
John Fisher , 46 , was arrested after the brave youngster showed police the picture which officers described as ' indisputable proof ' of his guilt .
He was jailed for three-and-a-half years yesterday at Ipswich Crown Court .
Pervert : John Fisher was jailed for three-and-a-half years at Ipswich Crown Court
The judge heard Fisher first touched the terrified schoolgirl when she was nine .
She told her mother about the attack but nothing was done about it , the court heard .
But the twisted predator attacked her again over a year later when she was 10 .
Robert Sadd , prosecuting , said the victim 's quick thinking prompted her to reach for her games console and use the camera on her Nintendo DS to capture the assault .
Fisher , of Lowestoft , Suffolk , was caged after he admitted two offences of sexual assault in January 2010 and November 2011 .
He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register indefinitely .
Fisher was made the subject of a sexual offences prevention order , restricting his contact with children under the age of 16 for the next ten years .
Judge John Holt said his attacks clearly crossed the custody threshold .
Photo : A model poses with a console similar to the one used to catch Fisher
Steven Dyble , defending , said Fisher had admitted the crimes and had not committed similar offences before or served a prison sentence .
He added he had been honest enough to admit he was attracted to girls in their early teens .
After the hearing , Det Con Annabelle Bunn , the Suffolk Police officer in the case , praised the girl for her courage and quick thinking .
She said : 'Her quick thinking in using her games console to take a photograph of him touching her provided indisputable proof of what had happened .
'She was brave enough to come forward and report the incident and give us a full and accurate account of what had gone on .
Trump Tower is a tourist destination for thousands of people celebrating Donald Trump 's election .
Fans of the president-elect are stopping by to eat a taco bowl at the Trump Grill , visit the Trump bar , ride the famous escalators , and purchase Trump gear at the store . Others linger by the golden elevator doors , hoping to catch a glance at the president-elect or his children .
But for a minority , liberals who are still sad about the election , the sight of Trump Tower triggers them , prompting them to post pictures of themselves on Instagram flipping off the building with the president-elect 's name on it .
“ Had to stop by and pay my respects while I was in town , ” wrote one tourist .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOOZ4F0jIOj/
Other snap pictures of their middle fingers with the Trump Tower in the backdrop .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BN7NMbNAoy3
“ Well just had to since I 'm American/Mexican F * ck that Puto , “ one man wrote while visiting .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOAuHkhhm4U/
“ I hope this does n't come across as political or anything , but : Dear Donald , this holiday season my sister and I want to send a huge , throbbing f * ck you right up your ass , ” wrote Deren Ney , a Guitarist and a songwriter .
“ You 're a confessed rapist , a proud racist , and a cruel , ignorant man , with a nubby little pe * is like a turkey snood . May your daughter/object of your sexual desire Ivanka and your glycerine-sweating sons Uday and Qusay feast on the tiny , dirty balls of subway rats this Christmas , along with all of the window-licking morons who voted for you . Love , the Neys . ”
A photo posted by Deren Ney ( @ derenney ) on Dec 12 , 2016 at 2:49pm PST
“ It 's 6 AM and I have just landed in the United States , ” wrote one international tourist . “ This was the first thing on my agenda . ”
Other people go through the trouble of going through security , just to photograph themselves in the building .
“ Finally experienced the fu * kery of all the security around Trump Tower . This alone is enough to impeach this bastard . # notmypresident ”
“ Made a quick stop in a certain golden tower to take a piss today , ” wrote another person .
“ I waited 20 minutes in the freezing cold to cross a street because the stupid orange cheeto was leaving his gold turd tower , ” wrote one person . “ What an ass . It 's costing NYC $ 1 million per day to protect this self serving di * khead . # notmypresident # dumptrump
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOF3PE-hvnM/
“ Wan na take a shower after being in this gross nouveau riche monolith of xenophobia , ” wrote one person , flipping off everyone in the building from the top of the escalator .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOKuyiCj0r3/
Others signaled their disappointment that Kanye West went to visit Trump .
“ Chase n Ellie take New York , disrespect buildings , ” one couple wrote
Others cited Christmas and the Holidays as their reason for coming to the building to send a message to the president-elect .
“ Getting in the holiday spirit , ” another person in New York for Christmas wrote .
“ Share in the Christmas cheer ! ! ” read the caption of a group photo of people flipping off the building .
“ when I 'm ny…f * ck fascism , ” wrote one elderly man with the hashtag # newxmastraditionstarted
“ Happy Holidays , shit bag . May you be impeached or worse in the New Year , ” wrote one person . “ I 'm surrounded by Secret Service and militarized police . I just gave them a smile and a wink . ”
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BN8R2xYAFva/
Merry Cwissmass mista president wrote one woman , showing off her long red nails .
“ Overcome with # HOLIDAYSPIRIT , ” one person wrote .
One person took a selfie of herself flipping off Trump Tower standing next to a young boy .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOI3oWyAlzz/
“ Not a fan of the President , ” she wrote with the hashtag # theycantdeportusall .
“ When you run into this and wo n't let it ruin the mood , ” one woman wrote , with a plethora of hashtags including # fucktrump # notmypresident # recount # newelection # stolenelection # middlefinger # racist # donthecon # trumpprotest
“ There is no vulgarity compared to what he has done and will do , ” one couple wrote .
“ I took this picture & high fived some protestors and got dirty looks from police officers because of it , ” one woman wrote proudly .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOF3mQGDi6f/
Some others :
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BN8Ip89jmqM
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BOJZS7qBvHo/
With Ben Hutton , Jared McCann , and Jake Virtanen all playing in the NHL already , you 'd think the Canucks prospect pool might be lacking . Well , you 'd be wrong .
GM Jim Benning has done a great job of accumulating talent through his own draft picks and retaining/developing some of previous GM Mike Gillis ' recent picks .
[ am2_see_also ]
This month 's report has a bit of a goaltending theme to it , as we take a look at top goaltending prospect Thatcher Demko , as well as defenceman Guillaume Brisebois , who will forever be linked to former Canucks goaltender Eddie Lack . Lastly , we 'll look at Jordan Subban , whose brother Malcolm is a goaltender in the Boston Bruins organization ( you may have also heard of his older brother that plays for Montreal ) .
Thatcher Demko
12-1-0 – 1.23 GAA , 0.953 SV % , 6 S/O
Last month , I profiled Thatcher Demko after his three-game shutout streak thinking that it was an impressive feat that likely wo n't be repeated . I was wrong . After giving up three goals to University of Denver on October 30th , Demko posted another three straight shutouts .
To say that Demko has been impressive this season is a gross understatement . He has been downright dominant . Demko is currently on a 11-game winning streak which dates back to October 11th and has only given up a total of 16 goals on 338 shots while leading Boston College to their best start in school history .
Boston College is now ranked 2nd in the most recent NCAA and USO coach polls and look to challenge for the NCAA Championship this year after falling in the regional semifinals last year .
[ youtube id= ” m5k7gLqw62g ” ]
Goaltenders usually take a long time to develop and there is no guarantee that success seen in the CHL or NCAA will translate to the pro ranks . But Demko does seem to have all the tools to make it and succeed at the next level .
So when will Demko turn pro ?
At this point , there are too many variables to give an accurate answer , so we are left to speculate . If Boston College is successful in making the ‘ Frozen Four ' for the NCAA Championship , then the chances of Demko turning pro after this season would likely increase as there wo n't be much left for him to accomplish at the college level . But if Boston College misses out on the title , he may want to return for his senior year to win it all .
With that being said , for the moment Canucks fans should just enjoy their prospect being one of the best goaltenders prospects in the hockey world .
You will be able to see Demko on TSN in the new year :
Two # BCEagles games 'll be broadcast on @ TSN_Sports : @ TerrierHockey at BC on Jan 15 and BC vs. Harvard in first round of the Beanpot ( Feb 1 ) — BC Hockey ( @ BCHockey ) November 10 , 2015
Guillaume Brisebois
26 GP – 4 G , 6 A , 10 Pts ( Acadie Bathurst Titans – QMJHL )
Guillaume Brisebois was the player selected with the draft pick that the Canucks acquired in the Eddie Lack trade , so he 's a little more under the microscope for Canucks fans than your typical 3rd round pick .
Brisebois had a rough start to his QMJHL season with only 3 points in his 15 games , which included a -5 game against Halifax . But it appears that he has turned his season around with 7 points in 11 games during the month of November . This streak includes some pretty nice goals , like this goal against Moncton on Sunday :
# Canucks prospect Guillaume Brisebois 's goal today was a beauty . pic.twitter.com/pRIzeUVWP6 — Ryan Biech ( @ ryanbiech ) November 22 , 2015
And this end to end rush on November 3rd against Blainville-Boisbriand :
# Canucks prospect Brisebois nice end to end goal tonight . Commentator said compared it to `` Bobby Orr '' pic.twitter.com/ZGHZerJUpN — Ryan Biech ( @ ryanbiech ) November 4 , 2015
Ignoring the awful defensive plays by Moncton and Blainville-Boisbriand , those are both great goals that show off the recent 3rd round pick 's skillset and confidence . Last season , Acadie-Bathurst 's offence was anemic at best , so Brisebois ' point totals did n't really jump off the page . But this season the Titans ' offence has been better and Brisebois has cashed in . Given that Brisebois plays quite a bit , he should be able to improve on last year 's offensive numbers .
The St. Hilaire native represented the QMJHL in the Subway Super Series against Russia on November 17 and 19 , finishing a -2 . He is highly unlikely to be invited to the Team Canada World Juniors training camp this year , but may be in the conversation next year as a depth defender .
Brisebois is likely years away from making an impact for the Canucks but if the last 8 games are an indication , Vancouver may have a good two-way defender on the way .
Jordan Subban
13 GP – 1 G , 7 A , 8 Pts ( Utica Comets – AHL )
Jordan Subban has been good for Comets to start the year , despite being healthy scratched five times . The rookie pro was the victim of a numbers game with the Comets rather than Subban 's play specifically .
Thomas Drance asked Utica Head Coach Travis Green about Subban at the end of October :
“ You 're never going to change his size , ” Green said . “ So you can say size is an issue or you can say he 's got to learn how to defend with his size. ” For what it 's worth , Green is n't particularly worried about Subban 's size impacting his ability to make it to the NHL level . “ He 's probably been our most improved player since the start of the year , ” Green said . “ We 're trying to give him a little more in each game without giving him too much . With [ recent Canucks callup ] Alex Biega being out now he 's going to get some more minutes and I 'm anxious to see how he handles it . ”
As Green states , Subban will need to learn how to defend with his smaller stature , which he has been working on regularly with an active stick and good skating abilities to avoid getting himself in trouble . Regardless , Subban is a serious threat on the power play for the Comets , which was demonstrated with a pair of power play assists on Sunday .
[ youtube id= ” R7jAH9mVR1o ” ]
Although the video probably is n't the best display of the former 4th round pick 's skillset , it illustrates his hard shot on the first goal and the ability to move the puck to an open Shinkaruk , who rips it home for the second one .
With Andrey Pedan up with the Canucks , Subban should be able to regularly draw into the lineup and build on what has already been an impressive start to his rookie season in the AHL .
As we enter the middle part of the hockey season , it will be fascinating to see which Canucks prospect will take a step forward . Demko , Brisebois and Subban have already started their strong play and will look to make more noise as the season progresses . Regardless , it 's great to see some of the possible future building blocks having great starts to their respective seasons .
Photo by : Marcus Jackson/The News-Gazette From left , Alpha Gamma Delta sorority members Annika Geiselhart , Lexi Gardocki and Elyse Harris talk about the safety issues on Lincoln Avenue at their house on Wednesday , Oct. 11 , 2017 , in Urbana .
URBANA — After a University of Illinois student pledging the Alpha Gamma Delta sorority was struck by a vehicle on Lincoln Avenue near the chapter 's house last month , members expressed concern about the dangers that stretch of the road presents to those crossing the street .
And they say this is n't the first time a student has been struck by a vehicle on Lincoln , which is home to a handful of sorority houses on the east side of the street .
`` I know the girls next door ( Kappa Kappa Gamma ) had someone hit last year , '' AGD house mom Caron Barnhart said . `` There have been several accidents in recent years . ''
UI juniors and AGD members Elyse Harris and Lexi Gardocki say this is at least the third time there has been an incident like this since they 've been on campus , and it 's beginning to feel like a major problem .
Gardocki said that after the Sept. 19 accident involving the pledge , she and other members spoke with officers from the Urbana Police Department to voice their concerns .
`` They basically told us that we need to be more careful , and there 's nothing they can do about it , '' Gardocki said . `` That was frustrating because they were basically like , we just run out into the middle of the street and think we 're on campus . ''
Urbana police Chief Sylvia Morgan said the conversations the members had with officers have n't been played to her or reached her desk , but she said her understanding of the Sept. 19 incident is that the student who was struck was not in the crosswalk and was not being careful at the time of the accident .
`` She was on the west side of the road , and it was not at the crosswalk that is down there , '' Morgan said . `` She starts to cross the roadways after dark , she 's in dark clothing , and she gets halfway across . There 's a bus pulled up to the stop on the east side and then a vehicle comes up behind that bus and stops but then decides it 's picking up lots of students so it 's gon na go around that bus . That car goes around the bus and into the turn lane there to go north . She sees that car , stops for it , backtracks a couple steps and a car coming southbound hits her . ''
No citations were issued to any of the vehicles involved in the incident as the driver who struck the student was n't impaired . The police could have cited the student had they chosen to .
Another concern of the sorority members is what they say is a lack of lighting on Lincoln Avenue .
Kristine Chalifoux , management engineer at the UI 's facilities and Services department , said looking at the lighting in that area is on the Campus Lighting Committee 's agenda .
`` Our involvement as far as the campus is to identify and let people know of where there would be deficiencies , '' she said . `` We do have a lighting walk coming up next Thursday , and I will make sure because the issue has come up that that area is covered . We will take a look at it . ''
The Campus Lighting Committee partners with the cities of Urbana and Champaign to evaluate the areas near campus that might be deemed unsafe and where upgrades need to be made . Urbana has done some upgrades on city streets that include some campus areas , she said .
`` They 've been going through and trying to upgrade the lighting , and we 've been giving them feedback as far as our comments on the lighting on Oregon , Gregory and Nevada are maybe it 's a little over-lit , but it 's improved safety along there , '' Chalifoux said .
Even in the daylight , though , the students say they feel unsafe on that stretch of Lincoln as some drivers speed through there without regard for the pedestrians .
`` People go so fast down that road , and most of the time you have to sit there and wait . It 's kind of rude , they 'll make you stop in the middle , so they can speed by , '' Harris said . `` People just speed by there , and they think we 're annoying . We 're there to walk to class and use the crosswalk . They honk and get annoyed with us . Especially when it 's raining , it 's super dangerous ; no one slows down even a little . ''
In her 24 years on the Urbana force , Morgan said she has seen major upgrades in that area of Lincoln Avenue from a four-lane road with no crosswalks to there now being a crosswalk in the area .
She recommends using the crosswalk or walking to one of the nearby stoplights .
`` We put that crosswalk in there because it 's so far between lights down there , '' she said . `` We may find after a corridor study that we may need to do something different , and we 're willing to do that , but there 's a process we have to go through because we have buses and cars and bicyclists and all these things to consider when we 're dealing with those things . ''
Lon Strickler of Phantoms and Monsters recently received two reports submitted by an employee of a trucking company in the Chicago suburb of McCook , who was reporting on behalf of another employee and an outside delivery driver . The sightings took place six days apart , on the afternoons of August 22nd and August 28th .
I received a telephone call from an employee ( 'LL ' ) who works at a trucking firm along US.66 ( Joliet Rd . ) near Rt.171 ( 1st . Ave ) in the McCook suburb of Chicago , IL .
He stated that 2 witnesses , one a truck driver from the firm where he works , and the other who was a parcel delivery driver , had reported seeing a large being flying along the Des Plaines River near the Rt . 171 exit coming off I-55 ( Stevenson Expressway ) .
The first sighting was on Tuesday August 22 , 2017 around 4:30 PM CT . The driver told 'LL ' what he had witnessed the next day . The flying being been dark brown & black with thick glistening hair on the body . The wings were bat-like , with very long arms and claws attached to the wings . The legs extended from the back and were together . The head was very small , but there was a distinct ridge that ran along the top of the head along the back . The body was quite thin and long , estimated at 6-7 ft in length . The wings were very wide and spanned at least 10 ft . It was flying along the north bank of the river near the exit overpass , flapping its wings in a slow deliberate motion as it moved downstream . The driver was able to watch it for about 20 seconds or so after he slowed down .
The driver was not upset , but surprised by what he witnessed . He said it reminded him of a 'small dragon without a tail ' , and that this being was larger than any flying creature he had ever seen .
The second sighting was made by a delivery driver , who had witnessed a flying being on Monday August 28th at approximately 1:15 PM CT . The witness saw a large dark winged being fly high over the river from the same vantage point as the first driver . The description was of a 'large man with wings ' that sailed high above the exit off-ramp at a height of about 200 ft . The driver observed the being from below and mentioned that it was quickly gliding west , then rapidly ascended into the sky ... almost vertically . He told the 'LL ' that it was the size of a regular man , but with huge wide wings like that of a bat . There were no further details because of the distance . This witness had mentioned what he had told other employees at his delivery company earlier that day .
According to Strickler , the witnesses found his contact information on the internet , and were not previously aware of other similar sightings .
`` It seems that both witnesses were not aware of the sightings in the Chicago metro area , '' he said . `` 'LL ' contacted me after he Googled 'large bats in Chicago ' and found my information . He mentioned that he would contact me if he hears of further sightings . I requested that he forward my contact information to the 2 drivers ... both of whom I 'd like to interview . ''
Strickler also stated that he had previously received an email from a separate witness in the same area , but was unable to follow-up .
`` An interesting aspect to these sightings is that I had received a brief report from a woman who had witnessed a flying being at practically the same location as these 2 sightings , '' Strickler said . `` I received the email report from 'JP ' on Wednesday August 23rd around 1:00 PM ET . It read :
Last night around 7pm we saw what we thought was the biggest bat we 've ever seen . It had at least a 12ft wingspan . Its wings looked like they were attached to hand-like appendages and they were connected from the fingertips to the feet . It was flying above I-55 near 1st Avenue on the north side of the highway . It was brown with a body similar to a beaver or possum . It was about 100 feet above us so we 're just guessing at the size . All we know is that it was huge . We thought nothing more of it until this morning when I saw an article about a flying humanoid creature that looks like a bat in the Chicago area . We are now certain that the creature we saw last night is the same one in article . We did n't get photos but if you want more info you can call or text us . JP ''
`` I made several attempts to contact JP , but I have not received a call-back or text , ” Strickler added . “ I left another message today , letting her know that there were other potential sightings in the same area . If I receive further details , I will post it here . ''
McCook is a suburb which lies on the western edge of Chicago , about 15 miles from Lake Michigan . These sightings took place in an area between the Des Plaines River and the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , and a large forest preserve exists just a mile northeast . The sightings reported through the trucking company did occur unusually early compared to others so far , but there have been a few reports from similarly early in the day since the flap started .
These are the latest in a string of flying humanoid sightings reported in the Chicago area . Most of the sightings have taken place near the lakefront within a few miles of Lake Michigan , although there are some reports starting to come from the suburbs surrounding Chicago . The sightings generally take place in the evening or at night , often in or near a park and around water , and witnesses consistently describe a large , bat or bird-like creature with humanoid features ; although in one case the creature was reportedly `` insect-like . ''
To report a sighting , contact Lon Strickler at lonstrickler @ phantomsandmonsters.com or call him directly at 410-241-5974 ; fill out UFO Clearinghouse 's contact form to get in touch with Manuel Navarette ; or reach out to us directly at The Singular Fortean Society through our contact page .
You can view a timeline of the sightings so far here , and an interactive map here .
Comedienne Roseanne Barr on Kathy Griffin : I Would “ Slap the F * ck Out of ” the “ B * tch ”
On Tuesday comedienne Kathy Griffin posted a photo and video of her holding a fake severed head of President Donald Trump .
Griffin made it as part of a photo shoot with Tyler Shields .
Kathy Griffin received enormous backlash over this disgusting picture . Conservatives bombarded CNN , pressuring them to fire Kathy Griffin .
CNN terminated their agreement with Kathy Griffin on Wednesday morning .
11 year-old Barron Trump was reportedly traumatized after seeing Kathy Griffin 's picture holding a beheaded Donald Trump on television .
He thought something had happened to his father !
On Wednesday comedienne Roseanne Barr weighed in on Griffin 's stunt .
She was n't happy about it .
two of my grandsons r Barron Trump 's age . I would slap the fuck out of any bitch or any prick who upset them-trust me on that . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 31 , 2017
“ two of my grandsons r Barron Trump 's age . I would slap the f * ck out of any bitch or any prick who upset them-trust me on that . ”
In the most remote areas of Turkey 's Black Sea region , beekeepers collect honey produced from the nectar of pink-colored rhododendron flowers , a toxic plant that was known for decimating entire armies in ancient times .
Rhododendron flowers ( Richard Dorrell/Wikimedia Commons )
One of the earliest known cases of “ mad honey ” intoxication was in 401 B.C . General Xenophon and his Greek army were marching in the Black Sea region when they stopped to feast on honey .
“ Suddenly his men began staggering and raving like intoxicated mad men , shitting and puking and collapsing by the thousands… . we now know [ this affliction ] was naturally toxic rhodendron honey , ” Stanford University science historian Adrienne Mayor recounts for Upvoted .
Rhodendron flowers contain grayanotoxin , a neurotoxin that is known to cause “ hallucinogenic effects ” by those who harvest and consume the honey .
Before you get too excited : You should know that you 're better off sticking with mushrooms .
“ The compounds involved are not super fun . Not something I would recommend , ” biologist Sean McCann explains . “ As there are far better and safer hallucinogenic compounds that you can use . ”
According to a study published in the Texas Heart Institute , low doses of this toxin can cause dizziness , weakness , low blood pressure , or nausea . High doses can lead to impaired consciousness or loss of consciousness .
When consumed , it causes a “ burning sensation ” in the throat , according to a Turkish medical study . The poison rarely induces death .
Interestingly , “ mad honey ” is widely known throughout the region as having medicinal properties—it 's used to treat a variety of ailments from stomach aches to diabetes . Others use the nectar to improve their sexual performance .
According to one study , an American middle-aged couple ate large amounts of mad honey from the Black Sea region for one week in 2008 . They were rushed to the hospital for chest pain and were released a few days later .
While mad honey is plentiful in Turkey , rhodendron flowers grow in other areas of the world including Nepal , Japan , Brazil , and some parts of North America .
In Nepal , one of the world 's giant honey bees—the Himalayan rock bee—builds their nest in the crevices of towering cliffs . Himalayan farmers risk their lives collecting these hard-to-reach honeycombs and selling the nectar to Korea , where it 's sold for a hefty price .
Himalayan rock bee ( Shaymal/Wikimedia Commons )
In some places , mad honey allegedly sells for $ 166 dollars a pound .
Reddit users who reportedly tried the expensive nectar share their experiences :
Another redditor describes the toxin as unpleasant :
Ford Motor said Friday it will offer 90,000 of its retired engineers and office workers the option to accept a lump sum payment now and to forgo their regular monthly pension checks for the rest of their lives .
The voluntary pension buyout for U.S. salaried retirees and former employees is an effort by Ford to improve its balance sheet by reducing its massive $ 74 billion worldwide pension obligation . The company called it the largest pension buyout offer in history .
`` This is a really significant step forward for us , '' said Bob Shanks , Ford 's new chief financial officer , during a conference call with analysts and reporters to review its $ 1.4 billion first-quarter profit . `` It 's really important that we improve the risk profile of the company . '' Ford has been making periodic cash contributions to its pension plans to address the gap between its future obligations and the value of plan assets , and it has adjusted its investment strategy to reduce volatility . Still , its worldwide pension plans were underfunded by $ 15.4 billion at the end of 2011 . The buyout program is a much different tactic because it will wipe a portion of Ford 's obligations off its books completely .
Ford said its U.S. pension obligation is about $ 49 billion , and the offer to salaried retirees represents about one-third of that obligation . The remainder is owed to retired UAW workers .
Ford said the size of the buyouts would vary , depending on actuarial data for each individual , and it could not predict how many of the 90,000 people who are eligible would accept . If a retiree elects to receive the lump sum payment , the company 's pension obligation to that person will be settled . Payouts will start later this year and the process should be completed sometime next year . The offer is separate from a previously announced pension buyout option for current salaried workers who have not yet retired .
While Ford said it would likely take some non-cash charges against earnings for the program , the buyouts would have a minimal impact on Ford 's operating income . The payments will be drawn from the pension assets , and not from the company 's $ 23 billion in cash reserves .
While the program undoubtedly relieves Ford of some of its long-term pension obligations and would strengthen its balance sheet , there could be some benefits to retirees as well -- especially if they 're worried their pension is at risk . Retirees at Delphi Automotive , General Motors ' former parts unit , for example , saw their pensions reduced by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation after the company went bankrupt in 2005 .
`` By taking advantage of the pension lump sum payment , Ford retirees can potentially reduce many pension benefit risks including longevity risk , tax risk , and mortality risk , said David Kudla , chief executive of Mainstay Capital Management , an advisor to many Ford retirees . `` Most importantly , it will completely eliminate PBGC risk – the risk that pension payouts are someday reduced by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation , as Delphi retirees suffered . ”
German auto firm , EDAG , made a stir at this year 's Geneva Motor Show with a fully 3D printed auto body called Genesis . And why not ? Its smooth grey curves and futuristic honeycomb ooze sex appeal . And did we mention 3D printed cars ?
EDAG aids major carmakers in design and production , and they 're no stranger to the 11-day Geneva Motor Show , a mecca where over 600,000 car enthusiasts come to ogle the best cars of today and glimpse a few visions of tomorrow .
3D printing , of course , falls squarely into the second category . EDAG thinks additive manufacturing has the power to improve the entire carmaking process from design to production—and Genesis is meant to embody that potential .
However , although it demonstrates tech that may really have practical uses in car manufacturing , EDAG 's 3D printed body ( Genesis ) should be viewed with a touch of caution . The press release carefully disclaims that “ there is still a long way to go before this becomes an industrial application , so for the time being , it remains a vision . ”
And to be clear , EDAG have n't figured out how to 3D print a car . This is a concept in the truest sense . EDAG 's concepts , like all good concepts , capture the imagination but are n't necessarily practical or producible in the near future .
Prior EDAG creations include 2004 's supercar with built-in bed and suitcases for the hip , mobile multi-millionaire set . The car has yet to hit showrooms . Again , not remotely practical but plenty of fun . Nothing wrong with that .
All that said , Genesis is beautiful , artistic , flowing—and it really does fire the imagination . The design was inspired by a turtle 's skeleton . The shell 's intricate bone structures , EDAG says , provide protection , cushioning , strength , and stability . These finely tuned organic structures can not be manufactured using traditional techniques .
Genesis is printed in one piece using fused deposition modeling ( FDM ) . ( FDM is the additive method most associate with 3D printing . ) The printer accurately deposits just the right amount of material in the just right spots to maximize strength and minimize weight . And the process is automated—an engineer inputs the design , hits start , and gets to work on something else as the printer spits out the body .
Though Genesis is conceptual , EDAG put plenty of thought into the technology behind it .
They note there are a number of shortcomings with current 3D printing , like build size and materials limitations . 3D printed plastics , for example , are n't up to snuff when it comes to stiffness and strength . They chose FDM because there are no size restrictions and carbon fiber can be added to the printing process to make strong , light materials .
EDAG expects additive processes and associated automation technologies to bump productivity 100 to 1000 times in the next couple decades . And here 's a key insight sometimes lost in the shuffle of 3D printing proselytizing—EDAG thinks 3D printing will be worked into existing modes of car production where it makes sense .
In the Genesis press release they say , “ Combinations of hybrid structures with classical construction methods ( sheet metal , cast metal , fibre composites , etc . ) will bring about radical improvements in functional properties and efficiency . ”
Of course , EDAG are n't alone in their 3D dreaming .
Jim Kor 's Urbee 2 would be a mostly 3D printed light vehicle . The Urbee is n't printed in one piece , but it radically reduces the number of pieces needed for assembly . The dashboard for example , comes complete with ducts in place—eliminating the need for joints and connectors . Fewer parts mean more efficient , faster assembly lines .
Though the Urbee team has struggled to finish the project , a recent influx of enthusiasm and continued support from sponsor , Stratasys , may yet make it happen .
And others are incorporating 3D printing in smaller ways .
High-end automaker , Koenigsegg , offers a car ( the Koenigsegg One:1 hypercar ) with a 3D printed turbo charger and exhaust tip . The exhaust tip is the largest piece of 3D printed titanium in the world ( grain of salt ) and takes three days to complete . Not exactly an efficient process , but for an exacting hypercar where cost is no barrier—perfect .
Altogether , 3D printing is most practical ( and actually really useful ) in rapid prototyping . That 's nothing new . But the technology is bleeding into real manufacturing processes too . And all the excitement , experimentation , conceptualizing , printer improvements , and added materials may yet bring the tech mainstream .
Image Credit : EDAG
In Depth › Science Features
Let 's talk about death
Tibetan Buddhists have a daily mantra . Death is real , it comes without warning , this body will be a corpse . Here in the secular west , we consider regular contemplation of death to be morbid .
Death is a vast mystery , but there are two things we can definitely say about it . It 's inevitable and its timing is unknown . Unfortunately we seize on the latter as an excuse to put off facing death directly . Yet the longer we postpone facing death , the more we fear it .
According to mystics and sages from all the great wisdom traditions , denial of death deprives our life of true meaning . Far better to make friends with dying by reflecting on what death might actually feel like and what happens to the mind and body after you die .
Dr Katherine Clark is a staff specialist in palliative care at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital , Sydney . She knows all about the common symptoms experienced by people on their deathbed . `` Of course , each person 's death is unique , '' she says . `` So you might see only some of these symptoms or none of them . ''
According to Clark , a person in the last stages of life will typically sleep more . Even so , loved ones are encouraged to keep talking to them . `` There 's research based on electroencephalograms ( EEGs ) of people 's brain waves that indicates hearing is the last sense to go . ''
Breathing patterns change too . A dying person may take shallow and quick breaths or slow and laboured ones . They may also make gurgling noises , sometimes referred to as the `` death rattle '' . In fact the sound is caused by air passing through mucus pooled in the person 's pharynx , which they 're unable to shift through coughing .
Equally distressing to onlookers is Cheyne-Stokes breathing . This is characterised by periods of up to 45 seconds of no breathing at all , followed by deeper and more frequent respirations . It occurs as vital organs are deprived of oxygen and waste products build up .
Hallucinations , agitation , loss of appetite , changes in bowel and bladder function as well as in skin temperature and colour are experienced as oxygen flow to the brain decreases , vital organs shut down , muscles relax and blood moves away from the extremities .
Finally there 's the moment of death itself , when the heart stops beating and breathing ceases . Death was once defined as meeting these criteria , but the development of cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) and prompt defibrillation forced a rethink . Doctors now turn to 'brain death ' where a definition of death is required .
There is no place on earth where death can not find us , even if we constantly twist out heads about in all directions as in a dubious and suspect land … If there were any way of sheltering from death 's blows , I am not the man to recoil from it … But it is madness to think that you can succeed …
^ to top
Brain death
Brain function is reflected in our level of consciousness . According to Associate Professor Leo Davies , a neurologist at Prince Alfred Hospital , Sydney , `` consciousness implies being aware of your existence and we can only assess this by someone being able to respond to sensory input with motor output . So if someone talks to you or sticks you with a pin , you react . ''
Consciousness , memory and thought are properties of the upper brain ( neocortex ) . The lower brain ( brain stem ) controls automatic functions such as breathing , blood pressure and temperature control .
Loss of consciousness is a prerequisite for the diagnosis of brain death but loss of neocortical function alone does not constitute brain death . `` That 's because the body can have quite complex motor responses when only the brain stem is functioning '' says Davies .
Therefore to be legally brain dead , the brain stem must have stopped working . Although the heart will continue to pump , breathing will stop without brain stem input .
`` And as the brain stem is the last bit of the brain to die , death of this structure implies global brain death , '' says Davies . `` You can withdraw care because now all you 're dealing with is a lump of flesh . ''
Sometimes the terms 'brain death ' , 'coma ' and 'persistent vegetative state ' are used interchangeably . In fact , they describe vastly different conditions .
A person in a coma is unconscious and their eyes are closed . A person in a persistent vegetative state is also unconscious but their eyes are open and may rove giving the 'appearance ' of wakefulness . In both cases the brain is working , albeit at a very rudimentary level .
A flat EEG is one of various tests doctors may use to establish the absence of brain activity .
At times during anaesthesia , cardiac arrest or profound coma , brain electrical activity may cease for a time before being restored . Intriguingly some of the `` flat liners '' who come back report there 's life after death .
Men come and they go and they trot and they dance , and never a word about death . All well and good . Yet when death does come — to them , their wives , their children , their friends — catching them unawares and unprepared , then what storms of passion overwhelm them , what cries , what fury , what despair ! …
^ to top
Near death experiences
Their brief journey to the other side typically consists of feeling peaceful , floating out of their body and observing it from above , moving through a tunnel into a bright light , meeting loved ones and seeing their life pass before their eyes .
So is this proof of an afterlife ?
Susan Blackmore is considered one of the world 's leading authorities on the subject . She writes on her website : `` NDEs provide no evidence for life after death , and we can best understand them by looking at neurochemistry , physiology , and psychology . ''
Blackmore argues the peaceful feelings are probably produced by endorphins that are released under stress .
Other effects are due to disorganised firing of neural cells in different parts of the brain set off by lack of oxygen or by stress and fear .
`` So for example , the life review happens when memory circuits are randomly activated in the temporal lobe , lights and tunnels when the visual cortex is randomly firing . ''
But Blackmore agrees that if it someone proved NDEs take place when people are actually clinically dead , `` our view of the mind/body relationship would radically change . ''
Dr Sam Parnia at the University of Southhampton , England , and neuropsychiatrist Dr Peter Fenwick aim to try .
They are developing a prototype of a device that generates images that are only visible from the ceiling , where those who experience out-of-body experiences claim to watch their resuscitation . They will use this in combination with a portable brain monitor that measures electrical activity , in heart attack victims .
`` The key thing is to show that people have an OBE at the same time global brain function has ceased , `` says Parnia .
`` If this can be done in a large scale study , it will indicate that consciousness and the mindt may be able to function without a working brain . ''
To begin depriving death of its greatest advantage over us , let us adopt a way clean contrary to that common one ; let us deprive death of its strangeness , let us frequent it , let us get used to it ; let us have nothing more often in mind that death … We do not know where death awaits us : so let us wait for it everywhere . To practice death is to practice freedom . A man who has learned how to die has unlearned how to be a slave . Michel de Montaigne 1533-1592
^ to top
Flesh and bones
Mystery may surround the nature of consciousness . But there 's no mistaking our corporeal reality . Soon after death , a corpse starts decaying . And if conditions are optimal — it 's hot , humid and there are lots of flies — within weeks the body may be fully skeletonised .
Decomposition consists of a number of stages . `` First , there 's muscle stiffening , cooling of the body and post mortem lividity , '' explains Professor Jo Duflou , Chief Forensic Pathologist at the Department of Forensic Medicine , Glebe .
These phenomena are otherwise known as rigor mortis , algor mortis and livor mortis .
Rigor mortis results when two major proteins that lock and unlock during muscle contraction and relaxation deteriorate and fuse .
Algor mortis occurs because the body is no longer metabolising and producing heat .
And livor mortis is the settling of blood as a result of the action of gravity into the dependent parts of the body . `` So if you 're hanging suspended by the neck , the skin of your legs and arms will appear darker , '' says Duflou .
Interestingly , lividity fixes between 6—12 hours , so there 's no way to try and fool police by moving the body after that time .
Insects also offer clues if there 's been foul play , especially flies which are attracted to bodies from the moment of death . Forensic entomologists may be able to tell when and where a victim died by the type , age and level of infestation of maggots .
Meanwhile other post mortem changes are starting to take place .
Bacteria that before death fed on the contents of the intestine digest the intestine itself then move to digest other parts of the body .
Individual cells break down due to the action of enzymes and other chemicals released by the cells .
And gas builds up , resulting from the activity of multiplying bacteria . This in turn creates pressure within the body and forces fluids out of the cells and blood vessels into the body cavity , intensifying the rate of decay . By now the body looks and stinks like rotten meat .
Insects and animals take care of the rest . Eventually all that 's left is a dry and brittle skeleton , a potent reminder of the fate that awaits all of us .
^ to top
Fire bosses have called for safety warnings to be displayed on electronic cigarettes after they were linked to a surge of incidents , including one death .
In less than two years , the devices were involved in more than 100 fires , according to figures obtained by the Press Association .
The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which represents all 46 fire authorities in England and Wales , said this could be the `` tip of the iceberg '' and warned many cases may be going unreported .
Most fires are sparked by users connecting e-cigarettes to incompatible chargers .
In August , David Thomson , 62 , was killed when an e-cigarette on charge exploded and ignited oxygen equipment he was believed to have been using .
Other incidents have resulted in people being hurt , while there have been reports of homes being badly damaged .
Jeremy Hilton , chairman of the LGA 's Fire Services Management Committee , warned more deaths could follow unless action is taken .
He said : `` Tragically , at least one life has been claimed and more fatalities could follow unless this issue is addressed rigorously and robustly .
`` We are warning users that it is simply not worth risking their lives to save a few pounds by buying dodgy , dangerous or incompatible chargers . ''
Recent Changes ‎ > ‎ Android Studio 0.5.2 Released Bug fixes
Updated base IDE to IntelliJ 13.1 RC2 . This means we picked up the following EAP builds :
http : //confluence.jetbrains.com/display/IDEADEV/IntelliJ+IDEA+13.1+135.445+Release+Notes
http : //confluence.jetbrains.com/display/IDEADEV/IntelliJ+IDEA+13.1+135.406+Release+Notes
http : //confluence.jetbrains.com/display/IDEADEV/IntelliJ+IDEA+13.1+134.1445+Release+Notes
These builds provide mostly bug fixes , but there are some new features , such as multiple selection simultaneous editing .
New lint checks
Ensures that AdapterView implementations use the View Holder pattern ( to make scrolling smoother )
Ensures that when inflating layouts , you always pass a parent context ( since otherwise layout parameters on the root layout will be ignored )
Ensures that directory paths in property files ( such as local.properties ) are escaped properly . Backslashes and colons in these files must be escaped , so if you simply paste in a Windows path like C : \My\Sdk , that value will not be read by the IDE and by Gradle as the path you intended .
Ensures that resource aliases point to resources of the same type as the alias Installation If you are already running Android Studio , just restart it , or manually check for updates via Help > Check for Update ... ( on OSX , look in the Android Studio menu ) . This will download and install a small patch rather than download a full IDE image . If you need to download a full install , visit the Android Studio Canary Build 0.5.2 page .
Problems ? If you run into problems , be sure to check the Known Issues page which we 'll update as necessary .
We 've just released Android Studio 0.5.2 , with the following improvements :
Radamel Falcao has admitted he is nervous ahead of his Manchester United debut on Saturday following the serious injury he suffered at the start of the year .
The Colombia striker , who joined United on a season-long loan on the final day of the transfer window on Monday , tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee in January , which ruled him out of the World Cup .
Falcao , who played for Colombia in their 1-0 friendly defeat to Brazil on Friday night , said the injury had left him anxious before that game , and it is the same before he wears the red shirt of United for the first time next week .
`` Because of the injury I felt so nervous , '' he admitted . `` Almost like it was my first time with the national team . And I expect it will be the same before I play my first game for Manchester United .
`` I 'm so happy to be back , and I am also happy about being able to join United . `` Physically I feel spectacular . I have been able to play without any kind of trouble .
`` I am very excited about playing for Manchester United , and I hope to score a lot of goals for them . That is something I have done everywhere I have played .
`` It is a dream come true to play for such a great and famous club . To bring the good times back is what we all want , and I will work extra hard to do that . I made the right choice to join Manchestrer United .
`` United was always in my best interests . I have been trying for months to get it all sorted out and I was so happy that United came to an agreement with Monaco . United is one of the three best clubs in the world . They have made me feel very important in this project . ''
- Man Utd vow to buy `` a Luiz Suarez a year ''
- Van Gaal gets green light to spend big again
- Di Maria : Real told me not to play in World Cup final
- Man Utd to pay Real £4m more if Di Maria wins Ballon d'Or
- The Van Gaal clearout : 15 Man Utd players sold in summer
- Man Utd 's £213m of signings = 35 stars and seven goals
“ We decided we had to give it a go in getting things back together for the club and the supporters ” Mark Jackson
Following his decision to take up a new challenge at Leeds United on Monday , Mark Jackson took some time out to discuss all things Farsley Celtic , a club close to his heart .
‘ I start my new role on Monday and I am really looking forward to it . I am sure the new challenge will be great for me , but it has certainly been a big wrench for me to leave this fantastic club and my job at the college . I have been here since 2007 and it feels like home '
‘ I joined the club when we were in the Conference and then we obviously went down to the Conference North in the season that saw the club fold . The Administrators eventually took the club away from us and it was heart-breaking that year . I spoke at length with Neil ( Parsley ) throughout that summer and we decided we had to give it a go in getting things back together for the club and the supporters '
‘ That first season in the North East Counties League was definitely a difficult one . There were some teams in the league that season that were definitely challenging . The likes of Parkgate , Scarborough , Winterton and Bridlington were all up there challenging us throughout the season . It was a difficult challenge , but we kept going until the end and got our rewards with the fantastic run that we went on . We also won the League Cup that season which was an added bonus , but to get out of the League and to where we are now was the biggest achievement '
‘ As age and injuries caught up with me I decided to make the transition into coaching , and ultimately the Assistant Manager role at the club , which I have loved . I felt that it was a natural progression for me to make that move and try and bring on some of the younger players , which has brought a great deal of pride '
‘ It has been great to see the crop of players that have come through the Academy system , with the likes of Tom Taylor , Josh Grant , Jake Lofthouse , Kyle Hancock and Lewis Sugden currently in the first team squad . The link that Farsley Celtic has with the Academy at Leeds City College remains strong , and I believe it is a massive way of the club moving forward . Neil will continue to work with whoever takes over my role with the Academy to continue what has been a great link for the football club ' Anthony Gallagher also needs a lot of praise for the success the academy has brought . His role and support at the College has been fantastic and has made the link what it is today .
‘ I have to say one huge thank you to John Palmer , who has helped me out in so many ways over the years . He has supported me 110 % in every position that I have held within the club . When the club folded I was essentially out of work and I did n't really know what to do . John gave me a job at his landscaping business and I really can not thank him enough . He is such a great person and a great friend '
‘ I would also like to thank Margaret Palmer and John and Dot Farrell who were instrumental in getting the club up and running again . The hours that they put in behind the scenes is incredible and they have always been brilliant with me '
‘ Josh Greaves has been a fantastic help over the years . What do you say about the man ? The support that he has given to me and Neil on a daily basis is second to none . I truly believe that there is no one better at his job in the whole of non-league football and indeed in the league itself . His knowledge and organisation is fantastic , and anything we have ever asked of him he has helped us out with , with no questions asked . Words can not describe how brilliant he is '
‘ There are so many other people that I would like to thank that work tirelessly to keep this football club going in the direction it is going in . The volunteers and I would like to stress the word volunteers , do so much on a day-to-day basis . I have known Don Holmes for years since I was first playing with the under 13 's or under 14 's and he always gives me a big hug whenever he sees me . Stuart Bryce is another one who has done so much , and I will miss the smell of his overpowering aftershave and cigars that I have become accustomed to over the years ! ! There are seriously too many people to mention . Margaret Lobley , Rob and Mark , who do the media , turnstile operators , bar and kitchen staff… . the list goes on . Non-League football clubs can not run without the likes of yourself , so thank you '
‘ Leaving a football club is a real wrench and there is someone who I have worked incredibly close with throughout my time here who I consider to be a real good friend . I have learned so much from Neil Parsley . He wo n't mind me saying that I probably have a further coaching knowledge than himself , and he has given me free reign to get on and coach the players . A lot of Managers would not let their Assistant do that , but I feel that that is a measure of the man '
‘ We are very like-minded and I can honestly say that we have hardly had a crossed word to say to each other over the years . We really have been a perfect fit . I 'm sure that we will keep bouncing off each other as we go forward . He has already asked me what I think Farsley should do on Saturday ! ! But seriously I will always be there for him and likewise I am sure he will be for me . You never know , we may be working together again in the future '
Someone who has helped me massively over the years is Gary Liversedge . I honestly credit Gaz with adding years to my playing career with the one to one work he has done with me . He 's a true friend , outstanding physio and a true football man .
Gary Stokes has also played a massive role in our management team and to have his expertise in the area of goalkeeping has been vital for me as a coach . Again , a true friend who I ca n't credit enough .
‘ I said to the players after the win on Tuesday that they are genuinely the best squad of players that we have had at the club over the last few years . I was n't just saying that as a parting shot . It is something that I definitely believe . Some of the football that we play is of the highest standard and it is only a matter of time before we get out of this , what I believe is , a false position '
‘ I will be down watching the team 's progress whenever I can , because this is definitely a club I have at heart '
Jacko takes a look back at some of his most memorable Farsley moments in a feature interview in Saturdays programme for the game with Scarborough Athletic .
ST. LOUIS – The ACLU of Missouri filed a lawsuit today against the city of St. Louis for unlawful and unconstitutional actions against people during the Stockley verdict demonstrations of the past week .
“ As a legal and advocacy organization , litigation is only one of the tools the ACLU uses to effect change , ” said Jeffrey Mittman , executive director of the ACLU of Missouri . “ To create long-term change , we must address the problems of policing and racial disparities collaboratively . Law enforcement officers , community members , experts , advocates , and elected officials must come together to create sustainable solutions . We must foster understanding and trust . ”
The ACLU lawsuit focuses on police misconduct using chemical weapons , interfering with video of police activity and violating due process during Sunday night 's “ kettling ” incident in downtown St. Louis .
“ I think everyone deserves the same rights as I do . I just want peace and justice , ” said plaintiff Maleeha Ahmad , who was pepper sprayed by police without warning on September 15 . “ If it had n't been for my fellow peaceful protestors – strangers who came to my aid – I do n't know how my eyesight would be today . I would have been left out in the sun , on the ground , with my face burning . ”
On both Friday and Sunday , protestors and bystanders had chemical weapons used against them without proper protocol . Officers also interfered with people recording police activities in photos and on video . On Sunday , officers unlawfully detained people – violating their due process rights – when St. Louis Police used a tactic called “ kettling ” during a protest downtown .
“ St . Louis should be a place where all people feel safe against retaliation from law enforcement , and all should receive due process . We should strive to be a place where every citizen feels supported by the communities we call home . This is the vision that drives us into the streets and inspires us to hold our leaders accountable when they betray our values , ” said plaintiff Alison Dreith , who was pepper sprayed by police without warning on September 15 .
“ While long shifts and being the subject of the protest is understandably challenging for police , that is no excuse for violating the Constitution , ” said Tony Rothert , legal director of the ACLU of Missouri .
Right now , St. Louis finds itself in a unique political time with an opportunity to change .
“ St . Louis has the chance to lead the nation if we take a truly collaborative approach to policing , ” said Mittman . “ We stand ready to work with any elected official or police leader in the region to reimagine public safety . ”
Read the lawsuit here : http : //bit.ly/2hn7qfi
The only thing worse than a man is a white man , am I right ? They start off as violent little bastards , biting Pop-Tarts into guns , and before you know it , they ” re raping their way through college . The very privileged end up running corporations that pay women 77 cents for every dollar a man makes , and the less fortunate end up as cops who shoot black men in the head just because .
As our white male college professors told us , “ The white man ”  is the “ greatest trouble-maker on earth. ”  White male culture is Western culture and both are drenched in racism and sexism . The only hope for redemption is annihilation . Anything would be better . As social media nutbar Suey Park put it , “ Whiteness will always be the enemy. ”  This narrative has been plowing forward like the train in Snowpiercer since the 1960s , but it appears 2014 was the year the wheels finally came off .
At first glance , the UVA rape story was perfect . Not only did it involve preppy white kids gang raping women , but these frat boys were so incredibly popular , nobody would dare speak out . Being raped sucks but not being invited to a party is way worse . The Duke Lacrosse case had all the same characteristics but uh , those guys were n't ” t blond enough . Besides , proving Jackie 's story meant Tawana Brawley would look like the exception , not the rule .
“ One of the many advantages of multiculturalism is that feminists will finally have the rapists they need to fill their statistics. ” 
Unfortunately , the details turned out to be hard to swallow . So they threw her onto a glass coffee table and did n't ” t stop or even turn the lights on after it smashed ? They were all cutting their hands and knees during the rape ? What are they , savages ? If you ” re looking for a rapist that brutal , all you have to do is go to Sweden . Only he 's not blond . He 's a Muslim Somali immigrant . One of the many advantages of multiculturalism is that feminists will finally have the rapists they need to fill their statistics .
Lena Dunham was another girl woefully low on Republican rapists . So , she invented one . Turns out he may actually have been a Democrat . How inconvenient . The perpetually derailed Dunham is an interesting case because not only does she personify the cause , she makes a lot of money off it . She also shares the assumption of untouchability the left has . She hurls accusations at nonexistent white men while assuming nobody will put her through the same rigmarole . We first saw this last year when she was called out for not having enough black characters on her show . Apparently , it 's racist to depict your own life if your own life is white . I thought this attack was ridiculous but it 's still nice to see these smug fools get whisked away by their own shit storm .
Her book was even more self-indulgent than her show and blindly included a worldview that scripted men as sexual predators who prey on the weak , while simultaneously showing herself taking advantage of her baby sister . Most were outraged by the way she appeared to sexually molest the girl ” but what about the part where she outed her sister as a lesbian to her parents ? Does n't ” t that go against their whole credo ? Do they even know what their credo is anymore ?
2014 is also the year New York Magazine put an anal rape victim on its cover . The details are sketchy but the alleged victim 's contention is that she was raped in the butt and Columbia University did nothing about it . The same way getting violated on a pile of broken glass should pop up some red flags , many sane people want to know why she did n't ” t go to the police . She claims it 's because she “ didn ” t feel safe or comfortable talking to them. ”  Instead , she has chosen to carry her mattress everywhere she goes and is happy to pose for photos or answer questions about it .
Being raped in the anus is usually considered about as uncomfortable as it gets ” just ask all the male victims in prison ( which is where the majority of rapes in America occur ) . You ” d think one would want this guy off the streets and behind bars where he could n't ” t do it to any woman ever again ” but this girl simply wants him expelled . It may be the testosterone talking but campus rape in 2014 appears to be totally devoid of both penises and logic .
After spending their formative years raping , we ” re told , many fellows graduate to randomly shooting innocent black men . Like Trayvon , Mike Brown was wandering down the street minding his own business when a cop shot him six times . He had his hands up and pleaded with the cop , but we are living in a comic book and villains have no mercy . This same summer , Eric Garner was strangled to death on the street for selling cigarettes .
A quick look at both cases reveals that : a . ) Brown did not have his hands up , and b . ) though it 's not clear what led to Garner 's death , it 's very clear he was resisting arrest . The Garner case was a lot less cut-and-dried than the Brown one . Sean Hannity was lambasted for questioning why we ” re cracking down on illegal cigarette sales , but he 's right . It is a stupid way to die . However , Brown and Garner are not heroes . They were losers . Both had a long history of crime and both thought they could win a fight with a cop . However , killer cops fit the narrative so the entire world ran with it , including countries with access to Google .
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board .
CLOSE Former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell and his wife were indicted Tuesday on corruption charges after a monthslong federal investigation into gifts the Republican received from a political donor . ( Jan. 21 ) AP
Ex-Va. governor McDonnell and his wife are charged with accepting gifts from a donor .
Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell delivers his last State of the Commonwealth Address in Richmond on Jan. 8 , 2014 . ( Photo11 : Steve Helber , AP ) Story Highlights 14-count indictment charges McDonnells with fraud , conspiracy
Robert McDonnell was elected in 2009 and served one term
Former governor insists he did nothing illegal
Former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell said Tuesday he did `` nothing illegal '' and vowed to fight the federal government 's `` false allegations '' that he and his wife improperly accepted gifts and loans from a political donor .
McDonnell addressed reporters in Richmond hours after he and his wife , Maureen , were indicted on 14 counts . The indictment alleges they accepted more than $ 135,000 in expensive clothing , trips , loans and other items from Jonnie Williams Sr. , former CEO of Star Scientific , in exchange for the governor 's assistance in helping the maker of dietary supplements .
`` I believe the facts and the law are clearly on our side , '' McDonnell said , as his wife and two children stood next to him . `` We will face these false allegations with strength and firm resolve . ''
McDonnell vowed to `` use every available resource and advocate ... for as long as it takes to fight and prevail against these false allegations and the unjust overreach of the federal government . ''
The Republican , once touted as a potential presidential contender and running mate for Mitt Romney , has been out of office for only a few days . Virginia voters elected Democrat Terry McAuliffe to succeed McDonnell , who could not run for a consecutive term . McAuliffe was sworn in Jan. 11 .
The indictment charges McDonnell and his wife with a wide array of official corruption . Among the charges : wire fraud , conspiracy and obtaining property under color of their official offices .
Maureen McDonnell was charged with obstructing the government 's investigation . The former governor was also charged with making a false statement to a financial institution .
`` Today 's charges represent the Justice Department 's continued commitment to rooting out public corruption at all levels of government , '' said Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman . `` Ensuring that elected officials uphold the public 's trust is one of our most critical responsibilities . ''
McDonnell last year repaid more than $ 120,000 to Williams , with interest , and apologized for bringing `` embarrassment '' to the state . In a written statement that he repeated before TV cameras , McDonnell insisted he did not break the law .
`` I deeply regret accepting legal gifts and loans from Mr. Williams , all of which have been repaid with interest , and I have apologized for my poor judgment , for which I take full responsibility , '' McDonnell said . `` However , I repeat emphatically that I did nothing illegal for Mr. Williams in exchange for what I believed was his personal generosity and friendship . ''
Prosecutors said the relationship began even before McDonnell took office in 2010 .
In December 2009 , Williams offered to buy Maureen McDonnell an expensive Oscar de la Renta dress to wear to her husband 's inauguration . Maureen McDonnell ultimately rejected the dress after one of her husband 's staffers expressed concern about the arrangement . She wrote in an e-mail at the time that the McDonnells were `` broke and have an unconscionable amount in credit card debt already . This inaugural is killing us . ''
The indictment goes on to detail trips aboard a jet owned by Williams and private dinners at the governor 's mansion in Richmond .
It also detailed a 2011 shopping trip in New York City in which Williams bought Maureen McDonnell clothing at Oscar de La Renta , Louis Vuitton and Bergdorf Goodman for her daughter 's wedding and an anniversary party . In return , the documents say , Maureen McDonnell arranged for Williams to sit next to her husband at an event .
Follow @ ccamia and @ bradheath on Twitter .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1cRGuIV
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Executive Associate Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Thomas D. Homan is pictured in this undated handout photo . Immigration and Customs Enforcement/Handout via REUTERS
( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday appointed Thomas Homan acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , the Department of Homeland Security said .
Homan has served as the executive director of the ICE 's enforcement and removal operations , leading its efforts to arrest and removal of undocumented immigrants since 2013 , DHS Secretary John Kelly said in a statement .
Homan replaces Daniel Ragsdale as the acting director of ICE . Ragsdale remains deputy director at the agency where he has served for four years , ICE said in a Tweet .
Kelly did not give a reason for the change in ICE leadership , only to say that Homan “ will continue to serve as a strong , effective leader for the men and women of ICE . ”
Also on Monday , Trump fired top federal government lawyer Sally Yates after she defied the White House and refused to defend new travel restrictions targeting seven Muslim-majority countries .
The White House said that Dana Boente , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , was sworn in at 9 p.m . ET and would be acting U.S. attorney general until Republican Senator Jeff Sessions , who is awaiting Senate confirmation , is approved .
|||Watch The Video|||
Calling all musicians ! ! ! Freddy Masch here . I want to show you guys every little trick I ever invented , learned at jazz school or stole from an 80 's guitar hero ! I get asked alot about my techniques and tunings for different songs . Now is your chance to see exactly how I played all of them . I 'm trying to make a small number of Tablature books with every single Terrible Things song to date , as well as all the songs from `` Bend to Break '' , the full-length I put out in 2007 as The Color Fred . In addition , I 'm planning to stick in a few select riffs from my older bands too ( Breaking Pangaea perhaps ? ) . It 's going to take some work to put together , but in the name of rock 'n roll riffage , I think it 's a super-worthy project to take on .
Since this is a one-time shot and since the ONLY way we can make the book is if we reach our goal here , we 're going to hand-number and sign each book . These books will be professionally pressed and bound . The Tablature will be hand-written by me to be SURE that it is exactly what was played by me on the recording ! Each song will have a cover page that explains the meaning or ideas that went into the song and an explanation of the guitar techniques used in the songs . This includes the open tunings , the fingerpicking patterns , the finger-tapping etc ...
( Bassists too ! )
In addition to the book , you can also download the Tabs in PDF form . For this we will also have Bass Tablature ! You can get just one song if you want , or you can get them all . Pick the ones you like the best , no problem !
( Even Drummers ! )
Maybe the tabs are n't enough and you want me to personally show you the part ... or maybe you play bass or drums .... All the members of Terrible Things are offering Video Chat lessons on their instruments too ! Just pledge and let us know which instrument you want with which person .
Steve Curtiss , our drummer for the past year and a half , was also the drummer for The Color Fred and played on Bend to Break !
Aaron Van Allen , our bassist , plays in an ultra-smooth style with his fingers but can play dangerously fast with his fret hand too !
You can watch the three of us playing here : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=aL4H5fzbbdo
We 'd love to share what we can with you guys and we 'll have fun doing it .
This all just started on a whim ... a conversation with some fans and then one that we had together . This is not about us asking you for money . It 's a project that you and we can do together . We can build from this . Maybe you learn a song and next tour you can get on-stage with us and play it . We would love for you to literally take part in the music we write . It would mean the world to us . Thanks !
-Fred and Terrible Things
With the recent passing of one of my favorite authors , Wayne Dyer , memories of the day my father died came flooding back to me .
The morning of March 6 , 2013 , after they rolled his leukemia-ridden body away on a gurney , I instinctively crawled up into his bed and lay in the exact spot he died , as if filling in the outline of a body from a crime scene . It was my way of holding on , to marinate in the last space he occupied while alive . It felt like a portal between life and death and I sensed his energy lingering , still lying on the bed even though his body had been removed .
He was gone , but he was n't .
It was too much for me to take in . All my senses were on hyper alert and I curled up in the fetal position and cried , my tears soaking the sheets he had sweated on all night .
As a Highly Sensitive Person and an Empath , I feel everything deeply on a daily basis . The entire world is an all-you-can-eat buffet of emotions beckoning me to have a cheat day . A dead raccoon on the side of the road , a lonely elderly man in the doctor 's waiting room , a little girl dragged by the arm by her hurried parents in the grocery store , you name it , I feel it . It takes constant mindful presence not to be carried away by all the energies around me .
But when something as sweeping as death happens , it 's easy to lose your balance and get lost in the swirling vortex of heightened emotions inside and outside you . And it 's not just your own or other people 's emotions , it 's also the impermeable layer of death that has been suddenly blanketed on your world , radiating from every animal , object and even the air around you . It 's like the entire Universe is in on it , like some kind of globally orchestrated rhythmic death-chant . There 's nowhere you can go to escape .
Here are 6 things I learned after my father 's death that kept me from getting swept away in grief and sorrow .
1 ) People die .
It sucks . But it happens . And it happens to those you love . This might seem ridiculously obvious but it was n't until a few days after my dad died that I finally accepted this . I was holding his ashes in my hand and I kept thinking he was going to appear around the corner and ask me what the heck I was doing with a cardboard box full of his ashes . In that exact moment , it hit me , he was dead . He was n't coming back , not around the corner , not around anywhere . As a Highly Sensitive Person , death and the inevitable grief that follows make absolutely no sense to me . Why do people have to die ? Why do they have to be ripped from the embrace of the ones who love them ? There 's no real , satisfying answer and asking `` why '' only exacerbates the pain . It was in the complete acknowledgment and acceptance of humanity 's biggest certainty , death , that I started to come back to life .
2 ) When someone you love dies , a part of you gives up .
A friend who has lost 2 lovers to death recently said to me , `` When you lose someone you love , a part of you sits down and the rest of you moves on because you know you have to . '' With my dad 's death and other traumatic events that have happened in my life , there was a part of me that refused to move on , to accept that life could be so cruel . The hurt , bewildered part of me sat down in a dazed rebellion and the rest of me kept moving , trying to forge a new life , to get through . But I will always have energy stuck in the past , in the pain , until I go back to that part of me sitting on the ground in defiance , face her , take her by the hand and gently guide her up . Knowing this , I can allow the whole of me to sit down for a while when something traumatic happens and when ready , I can move forward with the part of me that wants to give up instead of leaving her behind .
3 ) It 's gon na hurt . Period .
There 's nothing you can do to take the pain away . You can try to numb , medicate or desensitize it , but underneath it all , it still hurts . Sit with your pain and allow it to flow in whatever way it needs to flow . Sometimes that means lashing out in anger and beating up your pillow . Sometimes it means curling up into a ball on the floor and bawling your eyes out until you fall asleep . Whatever it means in any given moment , let the emotions flow . It 's natural to feel grief and sorrow when someone you love dies . For a Highly Sensitive Person , the feelings are magnified intensely and often felt to the core of our being . If we resist the pain , it becomes stronger . There were times the emotions coursing through me were so acute , I thought I was going to physically die . I would lay on my bed sobbing , my entire body shaking , thinking this is it . This is the moment I 'm going to die . But I did n't . And each time I thought it would happen and it did n't , I realized I could not only survive the bombardment of emotions , but I could let it happen , knowing it would soon pass . When we allow the pain , we take a powerful step toward healing .
4 ) Just because one person you love died , it does n't mean everyone else you love will die soon too .
After my dad died , I became fixated on everyone else I love dying . I feared the old superstition that death comes in threes . I called my mom every day to make sure she was still alive , and I almost lost myself in the helplessness and fear of potentially losing my mom , sisters , boyfriend and everyone else I love . When you 're highly sensitive , deep pain can often turn into deep fear of a similar event happening again . Our highly sensitive brains and our rich imaginations have developed to consider possible outcomes . Recognizing that this is a part of the emotional and mental processing for many who are highly sensitive can ease your fears and help you move through it without succumbing to it .
5 ) You 're not only dealing with your own pain , you 're susceptible to everyone else 's too .
Empaths and Highly Sensitive People take on the emotions of others . Sometimes it 's hard for us to distinguish between our own feelings and someone else 's . My boyfriend stubs his toe outside in the yard and suddenly I feel a stabbing pain in my big toe , even though I 'm reading in bed and ca n't see or hear him . When death sweeps through a family , your usual protective guard is down and you 're suddenly overwhelmed by a vast mixture of emotions . It 's hard to sort out what emotions are yours and what emotions you 're taking in from others , so do n't even try . Allow yourself to feel everything without judgment , criticism or filtering . It does n't matter whose emotion it is , what matters is that you let it flow through so it can be released .
6 ) The right time to move on is when YOU move on .
No sooner , no later . Highly Sensitive People generally take longer to grieve than others . It 's just the way we 're neurologically hard-wired . Do n't let others tell you when you should move on or that you should 've gotten over it by now . We all heal at a different pace and pain affects each of us in varying degrees . Allow yourself the time YOU need to move through it .
U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin ( PoliticMo Photo )
SPRINGFIELD , Mo . — Republican U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin said Democratic incumbent Claire McCaskill has fetched expansive government policies “ like a dog ” during her tenure in Washington .
Akin made the comparison during a fundraising event in Springfield , where he featured support from former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee , one of the few national Republicans still backing Akin after much of the party establishment distanced themselves from his candidacy following the controversy earlier in the race surrounding his comments about “ legitimate rape . ”
“ She goes to Washington , D.C. , it 's a little bit like one of those dogs , ‘ fetch , ' ” he said . “ She goes to Washington , D.C. , and get all of these taxes and red tape and bureaucracy and executive orders and agencies and brings all of this stuff and dumps it on us in Missouri . ”
Akin continued , “ It seems to me that she 's got it just backwards . What we should be doing is taking the common sense we see in Missouri and taking that to Washington , D.C. , and blessing them with more solutions instead of more problems . ”
The remark was another in a series of quotes that could place more distance between Akin and female voters . Earlier this year , Akin questioned whether McCaskill was “ lady-like ” during their first debate , and during their second debate was criticized by McCaskill for his opposition to “ equal pay ” laws for women .
Akin , speaking to the audience Saturday evening , said the focus on issues other than the economy is a “ distraction ” by the McCaskill campaign from her tenure in office , and encouraged voter to compare her six years as a senator with his 12 years in the House .
–
( Printer friendly )
Have you heard of Dani Mathers ? She was 2015 's Playmate of the Year before Playboy ditched the whole “ nude pics ” thing . Maybe you have heard of her . Maybe you have n't .
She 's the subject of a number of headlines today , though , so you will soon be acquainted . Spoiler alert : Those headlines are n't about what a good Playmate she is .
In fact , she does n't seem to play well with others at all .
Mathers posted two photos to Snapchat while sitting in her gym 's sauna . One showed a woman who was apparently naked . It was captioned , “ If I ca n't unsee this then you ca n't either. ” The next photo was her with her hand over her mouth .
Beyond being rude , this could be a considered a huge invasion of privacy . Within the locker room of a gym , a person should be able to expect privacy and not have their photo broadcast to the thousands of followers a model may have on social media .
Speaking of social media , Mathers has deleted her Twitter :
It could have something to do with this backlash :
# danimathers @ LAFitness you need to ban this @ DaniMathers for breaking the law and shaming some women https : //t.co/gRYRRlOAUR — Donald Smith ( @ smithdonald2013 ) July 14 , 2016
@ DaniMathers your ugliness can not be unseen now . — Fa Mulan ( @ Mulan_1998 ) July 14 , 2016
If @ LAFitness supports all women & bodies they should ban @ DaniMathers for posting a hateful and illegal nude snap of another member — ktms1 ( @ ktms1 ) July 14 , 2016
@ myhairisblue @ DaniMathers “ Loser , get your life together and join a gym ! ”
“ Okay , I have joined a gym . ”
“ Check out this loser at the gym ! ” — Mike Drucker ( @ MikeDrucker ) July 14 , 2016
She responded on Snapchat with a series of videos that showed her saying this :
I just wanted to acknowledge a photo that I accidentally posted on Snapchat earlier today and let you guys know that that was absolutely wrong , and not what I meant to do . I have chosen to do what I do for a living because I love the female body and I know that body shaming is wrong and that 's not what I 'm about , that 's not the type of person that I am . That photo was taken to be a personal conversation with a girlfriend , and because I am new to Snapchat , I did n't realize that I had posted it and that was a huge mistake .
Listen . That 's not how Snapchat works . It 's very difficult to post not one , but two photos accidentally to your public story if your intention is to send to a friend . In my opinion , one photo might slip through , but the average Snapchat user would realize that quickly and delete it , not upload a second photo as a follow-up .
Not everyone is paid to be a model . Not everyone is required to look a certain way every time they leave the house . Meyers , of all people , should know the pressure put on women to look perfect at every moment .
No word yet from LA Fitness if they will be looking further into the incident .
[ image via screengrab ]
For more from Lindsey : Twitter . Facebook .
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Indianola , Iowa ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton delivered a blistering assessment of Bernie Sanders ' credentials here on Thursday and implored Iowa voters to scrutinize his policies and readiness for the White House , declaring , `` Theory is n't enough . A President has to deliver in reality . ''
It was the most forceful and direct contrast Clinton has drawn with Sanders yet , a speech that underscored the increasing urgency and acrimony of the race . From health care to foreign policy , Clinton repeatedly referenced Sanders by name and questioned whether his ideas could ever become reality .
`` I am not interested in ideas that sound good on paper but will never make it in the real world , '' Clinton said . `` I care about making a real difference in your life and that gets to the choice you have to make in this caucus . ''
Clinton acknowledged that while she and Sanders `` share many of the same goals '' they have `` different records and different ideas on how to drive progress . ''
The former secretary of state used a Teleprompter to deliver her remarks to hundreds of supporters on the campus of Simpson College . The speech , one adviser said , was designed to `` shake some sense into Iowans '' and escalate the experience argument she has been making against Sanders with limited success .
`` Senator Sanders does n't talk much about foreign policy , but when he does it raise concerns , '' Clinton said . `` Sometimes it can sound like he really has n't thought it through . ''
Clinton 's campaign had multiple cameras here and plan to turn part of the speech into an ad , according to aides .
Attacks on foreign policy
Clinton hammered Sanders as someone who `` has n't thought it through '' on a number of foreign policy issues Thursday , including Iran .
Since Sunday 's Democratic presidential debate , where Sanders suggested normalizing relations with Iran , Clinton 's campaign has looked to cast Sanders as a foreign policy lightweight .
`` He has suggested that we invite Iranian troops into Syria , '' Clinton said . `` That is like asking the arsonist to be the firefighter . ... The challenges a President has to grapple with are beyond complicated but at home and abroad . That is why is it being the hardest job . ''
The former secretary of state said she is the `` only candidate on either side with the experience and judgment to keep us safe at home and strong in the world . ''
Sanders ' campaign has responded to the critiques by questioning Clinton 's judgment and noting her 2002 vote for the Iraq War , something that then-Sen. Barack Obama used against her during her failed 2008 campaign .
Importance of Iowa
The uptick in rhetoric comes in the final days of the Iowa campaign . Democrats will choose who they want as their nominee on February 1 and both external and internal polls show the race is close .
Iowa 's importance has only increased in recent days , given a string of polls that show Sanders leading in New Hampshire .
The former first lady also blasted Sanders plan for single-payer healthcare , casting it as something that would only give Republicans `` an opening to come in and tear down everything we have achieved '' with the Affordable Care Act .
`` I know Senator Sanders cares about covering more people , as I do , but rather build on the progress that has been made , he wants to start over from scratch with a whole new system , '' she said .
Fire against Sanders was not the only theme of Clinton 's speech . The former senator also hit Republicans , as she does regularly , and showed a more contemplative side , something she displayed Wednesday in Burlington , Iowa
`` I ca n't do any of this alone . I need you , '' Clinton said Thursday during a speech where she acknowledged that she knows `` what it is like to be knocked down . ''
`` I have had a few hard times in my own life and I doubt there is anybody who has n't had their share , '' Clinton said . `` But I learned from my mom and my faith that it is not whether you get knocked down it is whether you get back up . ''
Video against Sanders on Iran
Earlier Thursday , Clinton 's campaign released a video where a senior policy aide argues the Vermont senator is unprepared on Iran .
Jake Sullivan , Clinton 's senior policy adviser and a lead negotiator on the Iran deal , challenges Sanders ' call for normalize relations with Iran .
`` Secretary Clinton supports diplomacy with Iran . In fact , she helped launch the diplomacy that helped , '' Sullivan says . `` But normal relations with Iran right now ? President Obama does n't support that idea . Secretary Clinton does n't support that idea . And it 's not at all clear why it is that Sen. Sanders is suggesting it . ''
After listing some of Sanders ' foreign policy ideas , Sullivan said , `` When you look at all of these ideas , it 's pretty clear that he just has n't thought it through . ''
At Sunday 's debate , Sanders said it was time for the United States to `` move as aggressively as we can to normalize relations with Iran , understanding that Iran 's behavior in so many ways in something that we disagree with . ''
`` Their support for terrorism , the anti-American rhetoric that we 're hearing from some of their leadership is something that is unacceptable , '' Sanders said . `` On the other hand , the fact that we managed to reach an agreement , something that I very strongly supported , that prevents Iran from getting a nuclear weapon and that we did that without going to war and that I believe we 're seeing a thaw in our relations with Iran is a very positive step . ''
Thousands of anti-Vietnam war protesters march along the Avenue of the America 's on 6th Avenue in New York City on April 5 , 1969 . Many of the protesters wore black arm bands bearing the number `` 33,000 , '' referring to the American deaths in Vietnam . ( AP Photo )
May is historically a month for protests , and first , I 'd like to protest the fact that Rev . Daniel Berrigan died last weekend , just a few days shy of what would have been his 95th birthday on May 9 .
May , too , was the month in which this outspoken Jesuit poet and peace activist , with his fellow priest and brother Philip , and seven others , staged one of the most significant and symbolic protests against the horrors of Vietnam . On May 17 , 1968 , they walked into the office of a draft board in Catonsville , Maryland , removed the files of young men eligible for military duty , took them to a parking lot next door , doused them with homemade napalm and set the files ablaze .
`` Our apologies , good friends , '' Dan Berrigan said , `` for the fracture of good order , the burning of paper instead of children , the angering of the orderlies in the front parlor of the charnel house . We could not , so help us God , do otherwise . ''
The Catonsville Nine were tried and convicted for destroying government property . Rather than go to prison , three of them , including Dan and Phil Berrigan , went on the lam , but the brothers soon were caught ( while underground , Dan had a habit -- greatly vexing to J. Edgar Hoover and the FBI -- of popping up in public to deliver sermons , then disappearing again ) . In August 1970 , Dan began his three-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury , Connecticut .
So he was n't around to offer guidance the following year , in 1971 , as many of the more militant in the anti-Vietnam war movement decided that in light of events like Catonsville the time had come to up the ante and move from largely peaceful mass demonstrations to more direct and sometimes even violent acts of civil disobedience .
This , too , was in May , 45 years ago this week , in fact , when thousands came from around the country and gathered in Washington under the slogan , `` If the government is not going to stop the war , we will stop the government . ''
The week before , perhaps as many as half a million had shown up for a Vietnam protest so mellow that many took advantage of a closed-off Pennsylvania Avenue to skateboard and sunbathe along the boulevard on a warm spring Saturday . But now , thousands gathered with the express purpose of physically blocking bridges , main arteries and traffic circles leading into the capital . According to The New York Times , the Nixon White House responded with 12,000 federal troops , 5,100 local police and 1,500 National Guardsmen .
Police broke up an encampment at West Potomac Park , near the Lincoln and Jefferson memorials , and protesters scattered , many of them to the Georgetown University campus , where I was a student . I still remember the helicopters buzzing overhead .
On Monday , May 3 , the protesters regrouped and put into action their plan to shut the city down during the morning rush hour , using hit-and-run tactics and any large or small object that came to hand . The police and military pushed back hard .
I was a student reporter and my photographer John and I headed toward Key Bridge near the Georgetown campus . Forever in my memory is the sight of Rhode Island US Senator Claiborne Pell , standing on the steps of his townhouse in robe and pajamas , retrieving his daily copy of The Washington Post and looking completely befuddled by the flying debris and overturned cars around him .
Soon John and I were fleeing through streets and alleys with the demonstrators . We rounded the intersection of Prospect and 36th Streets and ran smack into a wall of tear gas , the worst I had ever experienced . We fell to the pavement , blinded , but soon were taken in hand by volunteer medics and led to a makeshift infirmary in the basement of a university building . Once our eyes had been thoroughly flushed with water and we had a chance to rest a bit and catch our breath , we headed back to the streets and raced to the main campus where police on motor scooters , in total violation of an agreement with the university , fired grenade after grenade of tear gas at protesters and students alike .
Over the course of three days , some 12,000 protesters were taken into custody , the largest mass arrest in American history . There were so many the city 's jails could n't hold them all and most were taken to RFK Stadium . People from the neighborhood threw food and blankets over the security fence .
I wanted to report on what was happening at the stadium but figured the only way to do it was to get arrested myself . I went to a sit-in on the Capitol steps where police were dragging protesters into buses . Get close enough , I thought , and I was certain to be sucked into the vortex . Sure enough , an officer soon had his hand on my arm but just as he tightened his grip , a photographer I knew from the Post pulled my other arm in the opposite direction . `` He 's with me , '' the photographer shouted and the cop actually let go . Thanks , I said to my friend , but inside I was screaming , `` Stop helping me ! ''
I never did get into the stadium ; ultimately , fewer than a hundred of the arrested were charged , everyone else was quickly released . The debate would continue over whether the violent confrontations were justified -- on the face of it , the attempted shutdown was a failure -- but in retrospect the government 's overreaction to the Mayday protests was a misstep , one more proof of a failed policy that was simply delaying the inevitable in Vietnam at the cost of thousands and thousands more lives . Like the Berrigan brothers and their comrades at Catonsville , the attempt to obstruct the streets and bridges of Washington was an act of disobedience designed to throw a wrench in the works of the war machine .
The next year , Dan Berrigan was freed from Danbury after serving half his sentence . I interviewed a number of Jesuits for an article on Dan and Phil in Georgetown University 's alumni magazine , modeled on an extraordinary all-Berrigan issue of the Holy Cross Quarterly , then joined the staff of Democrat George McGovern 's quixotic , anti-war presidential campaign .
A few weeks after we had gone down to exhausted but noble defeat , I went to a lecture Dan Berrigan was giving at a downtown Washington church . I was nursing what I thought was just a very bad , long-lasting cold . We met afterwards and his greeting , characteristically to the point , was , `` You look terrible . Go see a doctor . '' Sound advice . When I took off my shirt for the ER physician , revealing my fading McGovern tee shirt underneath , he said , `` You 're the seventh McGovern guy I 've had in here since the election . '' Diagnosis : pneumonia .
Several years later , I had moved to New York . One Friday night , some friends showed up at my tiny apartment for a late dinner and with them was Dan Berrigan . He was in good form . Sufficient alcohol was consumed during the evening that unfortunately I recall little of what actually was said but I do remember Dan 's post-midnight recitation of another great Jesuit poet , Gerard Manley Hopkins :
I say more : the just man justices ;
Keeps grace : that keeps all his goings graces ;
Acts in God 's eye what in God 's eye he is --
Christ . For Christ plays in ten thousand places ,
Lovely in limbs , and lovely in eyes not his
To the Father through the features of men 's faces .
In the following years , I lost touch with him and apparently that was not uncommon . He took the advice of the great Catholic philosopher and author Thomas Merton and , in the words of Georgetown senior fellow Paul Elie , became `` a figure of radical purity and apartness . '' The man once so visible , once so potent and public a symbol of dissidence , quietly continued to write and protest ( and get arrested ) , as he kept his vows , studied and taught scripture and humbly ministered to those who needed his faith . The just man justiced and kept grace .
May is historically a month for protests . It 's the month of Chicago 's Haymarket bombing in 1886 ; of Paris in 1968 , when students and workers almost brought down the government of Charles de Gaulle ; of May 1970 and deaths at Kent State and Jackson State , the resulting student strike that closed colleges and universities across the country .
If you thought the mood was unusually sombre at today 's team principals meeting you 'd be correct .
However , it was n't because their drivers had n't performed as well as expected - surely Toto Wolff would have been grinning ear-to-ear - rather the fact that after a couple of months of newly married bliss they had just become aware that the honeymoon is well and truly over .
A few hours earlier , two of the men charged with getting the sport 's new owners the best bang for their buck had warned that Liberty Media will allow nothing to stand in its way .
Before the sport 's new owners can dream of profiting on their $ 8bn purchase , they have to start paying off the numerous loans they have taken out to fund the deal , and in order to do that all the other nonsense is put to one side and Liberty has to focus on bringing in the cash .
Be it new sponsors , new additions to the calendar , more pay TV or reducing the money given to the teams , Liberty know that the bottom line is n't the question of whether F1 is a sport or entertainment , rather that F1 is an $ 8bn business .
As Sean Bratches and Ross Brawn talked about their plans for the sport , the message was already filtering through the paddock , this marriage is n't going to be the bed of roses some might have envisaged .
The pair warned , in no uncertain terms , that if the new regulations do n't produce a better show , in other words reel in the fans , Liberty is prepared to do whatever is needed to turn things around .
`` If we see things this year that we do n't think are great for the sport , then we will be fighting our corner , '' warned poacher turned gamekeeper Brawn , who is charged with running the technical side of the business , `` and we will be fighting at every level .
`` You can rest assured that we will be working with the teams and working with the FIA to find solutions if we do n't feel the racing is as good as it should be , '' he told the assembled media .
Using the 'set a thief to catch a thief ' mentality , who better to have on board than Brawn , who has enjoyed title success with Benetton , Ferrari and finally his own team , which was to morph into another title-winner , Mercedes .
Not only is Brawn aware of every trick in the book , he invented quite a few of them over the years . Indeed , in many ways , while the teams will fear the threat from Bratches commercial side of things , Brawn - who has essentially turned 'coppers nark ' - poses just as much of a danger .
Liberty believes that the best way to keep current fans onboard while bringing in new fans , especially the younger variety , is to make the sport less predictable , to level the playing field to the point that anyone , even the likes of Sauber or Force India , might win - the very two teams , who have taken their complaints about the sport to the European Commission .
`` We need to flatten off the variation between the front and the back of the grid so that on a good day with a following wind with a great driver , Force India can win a race , '' said Brawn , `` or a team , a really competent , private smaller team , can still win a race .
`` At the moment that is highly unlikely , '' he added . `` Therefore , we have to flatten off the field and that means finding ways of limiting the potential of the regulations or limiting the resources that teams have available . ''
In other words introducing restrictive rules and - horror of horrors - reducing their spending , a move which would not only come about by redistributing the prize money and installing some sort of budget cap , but by doing away with the controversial bonuses .
Turning his attention to the technical rules , Brawn revealed that aerodynamics is one particular area deserving of attention .
`` If you look at the configuration of the aerodynamics we have , we have cars with very complicated bodywork structures which create very sensitive flow regimes around the structures , '' he said . `` It means as soon as they are disturbed by a car in front , they suffer .
`` Can we come up with a set of regulations where we can still use the power of aerodynamics to give us the speed and spectacle of the cars , but in a more benign way so they can at least race each other more closely without it having an impact ? That is my ambition , that is my objective , '' he added .
`` I have heard it said that some of the cars out there do race each other quite well with large aerodynamic performances , so Sports Cars for instance , and IndyCar are n't suffering so badly , '' he concluded . `` So a proper campaign , a concerted campaign , would definitely take us in the right direction on that . I am convinced of that . ''
And while many will agree that the aero regulations are in need of some attention , most still feeling that the sport made entirely the wrong move when it agreed to more aero grip under the new regulations instead of focussing more on mechanical grip , if what Pitpass is hearing is true , it 's not only team bosses who have the right to look glum and fear the future .
We understand that in his job to level the playing field on the sporting side , Brawn is pushing for `` success ballast '' , the weight- handicap used by other series which would be as welcome as a bucket of cold sick to F1 teams and fans alike .
The honeymoon is over .
Check out our Friday gallery from Melbourne , here .
TORONTO , Nov.7 , 2015 - A diet developed for reducing cholesterol also lowers blood pressure , a St. Michael 's Hospital study has found .
The research , published today in Nutrition , Metabolism and Cardiovascular Disease , was a secondary analysis of data collected for a 2011 study on the effect of the 'portfolio diet ' on cholesterol .
The portfolio diet lowered blood pressure by an average two per cent , when compared with another diet recommended reducing hypertension .
The portfolio diet includes foods that are scientifically-proven to lower cholesterol including mixed nuts , soy protein , plant sterols ( found in vegetable oils and leafy vegetables ) and viscous fiber ( found in oats , barley and eggplant ) . The comparison method , a dietary approach to stopping hypertension , or DASH diet , emphasizes fruit , vegetables and whole grains , reduced meat and dairy intake , and eliminating snack food .
`` This is a very important secondary finding to the original study , adding to the literature connecting diet with health , '' said Dr. David Jenkins , the study 's lead author , director of the Risk Factor Modification Centre at St. Michael 's and professor of nutritional sciences and medicine at the University of Toronto . `` It fills in yet another area we often worry about . We can now say the dietary portfolio is ideal for reducing overall risk of cardiovascular disease . ''
The modest , two per cent reduction in blood pressure on the portfolio diet is in addition to the five to ten millimeter blood pressure improvement associated with a DASH-type diet . Although the DASH diet had higher compliance rates , the portfolio diet was more effective in reducing blood pressure .
High blood pressure and cholesterol are major risk factors for cardiovascular disease and stroke , historically treated with medications . However , Dr. Jenkins ' research and work focuses on dietary and lifestyle changes to reduce risk factors .
`` Dietary approaches have been found to be as effective as the starting dose of the average single blood pressure medication , '' said Dr. Jenkins . `` Overall , research has shown that plant-based diets emphasizing foods higher in protein , oil and fiber reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and stroke . ''
Previous research and studies have found that individual components of the dietary portfolio ( mixed nuts , soy protein and viscous fiber ) are effective at reducing blood pressure .
Dr. Jenkins said the diet 's positive effect on cholesterol has already impacted guidelines in Canada and Europe .
# # #
The study received funding from the CRCE of the federal government of Canada , Canadian Institutes for Health Research , Advanced Foods & Materials Canada Net , Loblaw Brands Ltd , Solae and Unilever ; and was supported by St. Michael 's Hospital Foundation .
About St. Michael 's Hospital
St. Michael 's Hospital provides compassionate care to all who enter its doors . The hospital also provides outstanding medical education to future health care professionals in 27 academic disciplines . Critical care and trauma , heart disease , neurosurgery , diabetes , cancer care , care of the homeless and global health are among the hospital 's recognized areas of expertise . Through the Keenan Research Centre and the Li Ka Shing International Healthcare Education Centre , which make up the Li Ka Shing Knowledge Institute , research and education at St. Michael 's Hospital are recognized and make an impact around the world . Founded in 1892 , the hospital is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto .
Media contacts
For more information or to arrange an interview with Dr. Jenkins , please contact :
Kendra Stephenson
Communications Adviser -- Media
Communications & Public Affairs
416-864-5047
stephensonk @ smh.ca
Ocean acidification : Some Winners , Many Losers
Posted on 10 June 2011 by Rob Painting
Numerous lab experiments have shown that ocean acidification is harmful to marine life . Creatures that build chalk-like shells ( or skeletons ) fare poorly under conditions which mimic the low ocean pH levels expected later this century . This is n't a universal response however ; some starfish , brittle stars and sea urchins , seem relatively unaffected by ocean acidification , so it 's likely there will be winners and losers as the world 's oceans become less alkaline .
Nature 's own laboratory
Despite their usefulness , lab experiments are no substitute for the natural environment , and experiments tend to be of short duration too , so the long-term effects of elevated CO2 on marine communities is largely unknown . Luckily there are a couple of locations in the world which mimic ocean acidification . These locations are not perfect analogues for the future , seawater acidity is not held permanently low because of seasonal wind and current variation , for example , but they do give some insight into how marine life might adapt ( or not ) to ocean acidification over the long haul .
Fabricius 2011 examines the coral reefs in one such area , Milne Bay Province in Papua New Guinea , where cool CO2 bubbles up through natural seeps on the seafloor , thereby lowering seawater pH . The authors examined underwater sites which are equivalent to 3 ocean pH scenarios : a control site , where seawater is at ambient ( normal ) pH ( around 8.1 ) , a low pH site ( 7.8-8.0 ) , and a very low pH site ( below 7.7 ) .
Figure 1 -Seascapes at a , control site ( ‘ low pCO2 ' : pH~8.1 ) , b , moderate seeps ( ‘ high pCO2 ' : pH 7.8–8.0 ) , and c , the most intense vents ( pH < 7.7 ) , showing progressive loss of diversity and structural complexity with increasing pCO2 . d , Map of the main seep site along the western shore of Upa-Upasina . Colour contours indicate seawater pH , and the letters indicate the approximate locations of seascapes as shown in a–c .
What the authors found , is probably no surprise : as the level of seawater pH dropped from it 's normal value of 8.1 , the health of the reef began to deteriorate . Various hard and soft corals , and other hard-shelled marine life , such as cructose coralline algae , disappeared from the seafloor . Only one type of coral was able to tolerate ph as low as 7.8 , which is equivalent to 750 ppm of atmospheric CO2 : a figure we 're on track to reach before the end of the 21st century . Below a pH of 7.7 however , coral reef development stopped dead in it 's tracks . The beneficiaries , it turns out , are slime ( macroalgae ) and seagrasses , with their populations flourishing as seawater becomes more acidic .
Another discovery made by the authors , is that coral reef growth ( calcification ) was 30 % lower than is the norm for coral reefs at similar latitude ( distance from the equator ) , and both the low and ambient pH sites exhibited the same condition . The Milne Bay area has experienced repeated mass coral bleaching events in the last 20 years , so this has probably played a role in the low growth rates . This is consistent with the latest research showing coral growth rates have diminished worldwide in recent decades .
Natural CO2 seeps in the Mediterranean
The work of Fabricius 2011 builds on earlier work off the island of Ischia , Italy ; another area where CO2 bubbles up from the seafloor . Hall-Spencer ( 2008 ) reached similar conclusions researching the waters off Ischia ; lower pH inhibited the development of calcifying marine life , and favoured the growth of seagrasses and slime . See video of the area , featuring Dr Hall-Spencer , below :
Ocean Acidification - Ischia from UNEP WCMC on Vimeo .
Future implications - oceans of slime ?
The potentially devastating impact of future ocean acidification is clearly obvious in the pictures above . Despite being exposed to acidic conditions for thousands of years , it seems many marine creatures ca n't handle ocean acidification , and the ones that do are not conducive to healthy coastal ecosystems . The loss of of cructose coralline algae is particularly important to corals , as they secrete chemicals that provide settlement cues for coral larvae , help consolidate the reef structure , and prevent the growth of slime . Without the complex structure and shelter that healthy reefs provide , many thousands of reef species , including many fish , may disappear .
Fabricius 2011 adds to the growing body of scientific research which spell out a troubling future for our oceans . There will undoubtedly be some winners as the oceans become more acidic , but just how palatable is a menu consisting of slime , seagrass and brittlestars , and the occasional sea urchin ? That is something future generations may have to to ponder .
Merida , 12th February 2014 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) – Violent opposition groups attacked government buildings and civilians , and clashed with police and government supporters following peaceful marches commemorating the Day of Youth .
The violence has claimed two deaths and left 23 injured across the country . Thirty arrests have been made according to government sources .
Venezuela commemorates the day of the youth on 12 February each year in memory of the role of young people in the decisive independence battle in La Victoria in 1814 . Today marked the bicentenary of the historic battle .
Caracas
In mid afternoon President Nicolas Maduro delivered a speech in Caracas , praising the morning 's marches as peaceful . However , shortly later one Chavista was reported to have been killed amid clashes involving opposition activists . Juan Montoya , also known as Juancho was shot . He was a community leader in the Chavista stronghold , Barrio 23 de Enero . This afternoon National Assembly head Diosdado Cabello condemned the shooting , and accused armed right-wing groups of “ hunting down ” Montoya .
“ They are fascists , murderers , and then they talk about dialogue , ” Cabello stated , referring to armed right-wing activists . The head called for calm , and urged against reprisals .
Juan Montoya , on the right , talking to El Universal in August last year
Violent opposition groups also attacked the attorney general 's office in Carabobo Park , Caracas . Photographs of the scene indicate the building 's exterior was damaged .
A building belonging to the government owned Fundacaracas organisation was also attacked by opposition groups . A few hours later the mayor of Caracas 's Libertador municipality , the PSUV 's Jorge Rodriguez also reported that the judicial offices in Chacao , Miranda , were also attacked . Later in the night the National Guard were deployed to the state owned VTV offices in Los Ruices . Disturbances had been reported in the area , though no further details were available at the time of writing .
In the evening , President Nicolas Maduro stated that violent opposition groups had also set fire to five police patrol vehicles . He also stated that a group of around two hundred violent activists had attempted to attack Miraflores Palace after the attorney general 's office .
Merida
After weeks of small , violent protests in Merida , there was a large march by government supporters in one part of the Andean city , and a larger march by opposition supporters elsewhere . Both were observed to be peaceful by Venezuelanalysis . However , violence began shortly after the opposition march finished . Clashes took place in Merida 's streets after individuals began burning garbage in intersections and erecting barricades .
A larger confrontation took place at a major intersection in the city 's north . Witnesses told Venezuelanalys.com that they saw men in balaclavas occupy a number of apartments , and fire live ammunition into the streets below . Riot police blocked the intersection . Hundreds of government supporters gathered a few hundred metres behind the police lines .
“ We 're defending the city centre , ” one supporter told Venezuelanalysis .
The Pro-Government March
At the pro-government march in the morning , Roger Zurita told Venezuelanalysis.com , “ I 'm worried about confrontations but I 'm marching because today is the day of the youth , to celebrate the battle of La Victoria , not because of the opposition march . We have to organise ourselves around our values . We 're celebrating with happiness and peace the youth who struggle , our independence , the struggle for political power . Today we have an anti-imperialist youth and people are waking up , we 're not going to fall for the right wing 's games . ”
“ I 'm marching for various reasons , mainly because I still believe in the project of our country , which still has n't been fully realised , but if we work just a bit harder we can do it , we have a lot to do . Also because it 's important to show that we are many , there are a lot of people who believe in this . What 's been happening in Merida is sad , regrettable . It 's a shame that they [ violent sectors of the opposition ] ca n't propose anything without violence . We should n't respond with violence . But the only proposal they seem to have is to get people into power who have never cared about the people , they just want to sell our country to the [ US ] empire , ” Raquel Barrios told Venezuelanalysis , referring to the last four days of violence in Merida .
“ I 'm marching to commemorate the battle of La Victoria , but they [ the opposition leadership ] are manipulating the youth of Merida and parts of the opposition , they want to put an end to everything we 've achieved , but they wo n't be able to , because we 're peaceful people but ready for any necessary battle , ” said Douglas Vasquez told Venezuelanalysis .
“ Basically I 'm marching to rescue Merida . We ca n't let Merida be in the hands of violent people . I 'm a teacher at the University of Los Andes ( ULA ) , and I feel very ashamed that the recent violent incidents are mostly promoted by people from the ULA , who hope to create discomfort in the people in order to overthrow a consolidated and democratically elected government , ” Katania Felisola said to Venezuelanalysis .
The Opposition March
The opposition march started at the ULA and went down the Americas Avenue after a last minute redirection .
Fernando Peña , a chemical engineering student at the ULA told Venezuelanalysis 's Ewan Robertson , “ The students have felt the need to show themselves against [ the goverment ] , because they have taken students prisoner in Mérida and Táchira just for expressing their right to protest . Right now feelings are very tense , because the people are tired of the government , [ and ] the students are the centre of the mobilisation throughout the country . The people now deeply disagree with the decisions that the government makes…living in Venezuela has become ever more difficult ” .
Jan Carlos Lopez , worker in the Medical Faculty of the ULA told VA , “ Some of the main reasons [ for the march ] are the shortages that are being experienced in the country , criminality , and insecurity . There is n't an organisation that can protect us at night time so that we can go out . That 's what we 're asking for , security so that all Venezuelans can live in peace . ”
Other opposition marchers told Robertson that they blamed the government for the violence , for “ sending out motorbikes to attack students ” .
In the violence after the marches , two people have been reported as injured , both shot in the legs . One of those was Jilfredo Barradas , a state government photographer .
“ It 's a show , everyone knew it would turn out like this , it was planned , ” one Merida activist told Venezuelanalysis , referring to the violence both in the Americas intersection and on Avenue 3 .
Further , Gustavo Bazan told Venezuelanalysis , “ On Friday they [ violent opposition sectors ] wanted to store Molotov cocktails [ in the apartment where Bazan lives ] and break up bricks in order to have rocks . I stepped out of line a bit and I told them that here they were n't protesting against the government but rather against their own neighbours . I challenged them to take off their balaclavas and said to them they were n't capable of coming over and having a conversation . They jumped over the fence and three of them started to beat me up . A friend and a building security guard saved me . I filmed them while they prepared the Molotov cocktails ” .
Other cities
Electricity minister Jesse Chacon informed through his Twitter account that “ violent groups ” surrounded an electric substation in San Cristobal and threw Molotov cocktails at it .
According to AVN there was also violence in Aragua and Carabobo states “ which left material damage ” .
The governor of Carabobo state , Francisco Ameliach said that “ violent groups burnt a truck with liquid asphalt ” . Ameliach alleged that the head of the MUD in the state , Vicencio Scarano had financed the crimes .
The minister for internal affairs , Miguel Rodriguez Torres , said that violent groups had tried to set the Aragua state government building on fire .
Official response
Tonight Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz informed the public that so far there have been a total of two deaths , 23 injured , and thirty arrests . Along with Montoya , student Basil Da Costa died after suffering a gunshot . She added though that public lawyers were investigating and visiting hospitals to determine the exact number . According to Maduro the two men were both shot in the head , “ like the sharp shooters who murdered [ people ] on 11 April [ 2002 ] ” .
Ortega also said that four CICPC ( Scientific Crime Investigation Body ) vehicles were set on fire , as well as other private vehicles .
Regarding the march in Caracas , she said “ they were guaranteed security from Plaza Venezuela to the Attorney General 's Office , there was nothing to impede them ” .
Maduro also warned tonight that “ whoever protests or marches without permission will be detained ” .
“ These are trained groups who ... are prepared to overthrow the government in a violent way , and I 'm not going to allow this , so I call on Venezuela to be peaceful , ” Maduro said .
Foreign minister Elias Jaua alleged that Leopoldo Lopez was the “ intellectual author of the deaths and injuries in Caracas ” .
The Ecuadorian government emitted a statement today condemning the “ acts of violence and vandalism by irresponsible members of the opposition ” .
“ We hope for the prompt reestablishment of social peace in our brother country and because respect for the government and its legitimately constituted institutions has precedence ” .
Opposition statements and response
“ This a call put out by the students and supported by the Democratic Unity [ MUD opposition coalition ] , this march on the day of the youth is taking place when the government is repressing , with jail , with torture , ” Leopoldo Lopez told CNN yesterday , in anticipation of today 's events .
“ The government has an agenda of violence and as they control the monopoly [ sic ] over communication in Venezuela they hide it ... the call that has been made is to be in the street , ” he said , blaming the violence over the last week in Merida and Tachira on the government .
Speaking tonight on Noticias 24 , Lopez blamed the national government for today 's violence and deaths . “ Who is generating the violence ? The government ... repression by the national guard , the police , ” he said .
Some of the top tweets by the opposition at the moment also blamed the Tupamaros groups . The Tupamaros are now quite small , but are often blamed for any violence that takes place . They support the national government .
“ They ( Tupamaros ) are animals and they should all die , ” wrote Daniel Garcia .
“ Hitler , come back and put all the Tupamaros in gas chambers ” wrote Andreina Leonett .
“ When the first student dies all the streets of Venezuela will burn , ” wrote Jose Gamboa .
Over the last week far right opposition leaders such as Leopoldo Lopez have been calling for people to “ go out into the street ” in order to achieve an “ exit ” of the national government .
The European Court of Justice ruled Tuesday that employers can prohibit the Muslim headscarf in the workplace . Although nonbinding , the decision sets an important precedent for the continent amid a fraught political climate .
As strong anti-immigrant sentiment spreads into the political mainstream and right-wing parties soar in popularity ahead of several key elections this year , the ruling is bound to fan the flames of long-simmering culture wars in Europe , especially in France .
The court addressed complaints from two Muslim women — one from France and one from Belgium — who alleged that their employers had discriminated against them for wearing the Muslim headscarf , or hijab , to the office .
The judges concluded otherwise : “ An internal rule . . . which prohibits the visible wearing of any political , philosophical or religious sign does not constitute direct discrimination . ”
Courts in France and Belgium will be left to settle the disputes in question .
In France , which is still reeling from terrorist attacks in the past two years perpetrated mostly by Islamic State militants or sympathizers with French and European passports , the far-right National Front party is on the rise .
Marine Le Pen , the party 's contender for president , is almost certain to qualify for the second and final round of the vote in May .
[ What French Muslims think about France 's secular laws ]
The particulars of the two cases considered in Tuesday 's ruling were different . In the absence of official internal regulations prohibiting what employees can wear to work , the court suggested , Muslim women have a stronger case for wearing the hijab to the office .
According to the court , this was true in the French case .
The plaintiff in that case was Asma Bougnaoui , a Muslim woman who worked as an engineer at Micropole , a French IT firm . She had worn the headscarf when she was hired in 2008 , but a client subsequently complained to her supervisors , insisting that there be “ no veil next time. ” Bougnaoui refused to take it off and was fired in June 2009 .
Because there was no official policy banning the headscarf at Micropole , “ the willingness of an employer to take account of the wishes of a customer no longer to have the services of that employer provided by a worker wearing an Islamic headscarf can not be considered a genuine and determining occupational requirement , ” the court said .
But the Belgian case presented a different scenario .
In that case , Samira Achbita , a Muslim woman , was hired in 2003 as a receptionist by G4S , a British multinational security company . Unlike her French counterpart , Achbita had not worn the hijab at the time of her hiring by the firm , which has a clear “ neutrality ” policy .
Only in 2006 did she request that she be permitted to wear the headscarf . Because of the company 's policy prohibiting “ political , philosophical or religious signs ” in the workplace , Achbita was dismissed .
In strongly secular Europe — home to a growing Muslim minority that is especially sizable in France and Belgium — the cases highlighted two often contradictory liberties : the freedom of religion and the freedom of enterprise .
The tension between the two is particularly high in France ahead of the presidential election , in which much of the debate has focused on identity and culture , with the place of Islam in French society becoming a fixation .
Meanwhile , the Netherlands will vote Wednesday in parliamentary elections in which the far-right populist Geert Wilders has brought his openly anti-Muslim views into the center of public discourse . And in Germany , where parliamentary elections are looming , a far-right party is poised to make considerable gains amid populist fears about immigration and Islam .
According to some estimates , France is home to the largest Muslim population in Europe , and among the most visible signs of that community is the headscarf , a source of long-standing controversy in a secular country that bans overt religious signs from public life .
Since the late 1980s , France has systematically policed what Muslim women can wear in public .
[ France 's burkini debate : About a bathing suit and a country 's peculiar secularism ]
In 2004 , for instance , it banned the headscarf from its public schools , and in 2010 , it became the first European country to ban the burqa — the head-to-toe covering . This past summer , after a terrorist attack in the Riviera city of Nice , local authorities in the south of France attempted to ban the “ burkini , ” a swimsuit not unlike a diver 's wetsuit designed to allow Muslim women to enjoy the beach while respecting traditional codes of modesty .
The rules for public and private enterprises differ , with private enterprises often offering employees more freedoms . Although France 's ban on religious signs and symbols in public places is technically intended to cover other religions as well — barring , for example , the wearing of crosses and the Jewish kippah , or yarmulke — critics say the prohibitions are disproportionately directed against Muslims , especially Muslim women .
“ Basically , the question is now for corporate groups to decide if they will be inclusive of all religious groups , or whether they want to integrate into the current political climate , which is targeting specifically one community , ” said Marwan Muhammad , president of the Collective Against Islamophobia in France , which supports Bougnaoui .
Muhammad sees the verdict against her as yet another attack on Muslim women in French and the wider European society . “ Her space is always being restricted , over and over again , ” he said . “ There is a reality from which Muslim women are repeatedly expelled . ”
Read more :
Sweden 's ‘ feminist ' government criticized for wearing headscarves in Iran
Germany 's potential burqa ban has a problem : Where are the burqas ?
Map : Where Islamic face veils are banned around the world
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
For years , South Africa wanted no part of Thabo Sefolosha .
Growing up in Switzerland , his parents did n't sugarcoat why they never visited his father 's native country . His father , Patrick , was black . His mother , Christine , was white . For the first 10 years of Thabo 's life , the South African government enforced the segregation system of apartheid , which meant such interracial marriages were n't merely frowned upon — they were revolutionary .
“ We could n't really go back , ” he said . “ Looking back at our parents and everything they had to go through to have a better chance in life — it really builds character , and it made me who I am . ”
Times changed in South Africa , of course , and times changed for Sefolosha as well . It 's been 23 years since apartheid ended , and in the meantime the 33-year-old wing became a mainstay in the NBA . Beyond being the first Swiss-born player to be drafted into the league , he believes he 's also the only player with a South African parent currently in the NBA .
NBA Africa game
• At the TicketPro Dome , Johannesburg , South Africa
• Saturday , 9 a.m. MST
• TV : ESPN2
He embraces his father 's country with the same enthusiasm as his own birthplace , taking a leading role as a Team Africa captain in this week 's NBA Africa game in Johannesburg on Saturday and camps for African children this week .
“ For me , that 's something that 's really important , ” he said on Thursday on a call from South Africa . “ The talent there is huge . The possibilities are huge in Africa . ”
It 's not a new enterprise for Sefolosha , who has been involved with the NBA 's outreach in Africa since he started his career with the Chicago Bulls more than a decade ago . He 's been a longtime figurehead of Basketball Without Borders , along with other NBA players with African roots such as Luol Deng .
Dennis Schroeder of the Atlanta Hawks , a German national with Gambian roots , said he took his former teammate as an inspiration to get involved with the NBA Africa game this year .
“ Luol and Thabo , they 've been doing a great job , ” he said . “ I want to take a step each summer and take on a camp like Thabo did . ”
The game itself will feature a lot of NBA stars between Team Africa ( Deng , Emmanuel Mudiay , Victor Oladipo , Serge Ibaka ) and Team World ( Dirk Nowitzki , Demarcus Cousins , Kemba Walker , Kyle Lowry ) . But for Sefolosha , the camps are the more important part .
The attendees come from several African countries , and for many , it might be the only interaction they ever get with NBA players . Sefolosha said teaching basketball skills is fun , but he thinks some of the life skills teaching is more valuable .
“ When they go back to their original country , we want them to empower their community and empower themselves , ” he said . “ We want to show them it 's possible to come from Africa and be an NBA player , but it 's not the only thing in life . ”
South Africa has taken root in more of Sefolosha 's life as well . He 's visited the country many times since the end of apartheid . His daughters , Lesedi and Naledi , both have South African names . While he is a bigger star in Switzerland and spends more time there , he takes being a role model for South African fans with equal earnestness .
“ I guess it comes with some responsibility in a way , ” he said . “ I try to be as natural as I can be and try to impact people one by one . I 'm not into a big movement or making a big splash . I want to give a good vibe for people I meet . ”
There is a cold war between Al Nusra and the Free Syrian Army now but that does not mean it will not turn hot .
Amman // For the past week a damaging rift has pushed moderate rebels and Jabhat Al Nusra to the brink of an internecine war on Syria 's southern front .
That much-feared conflict , echoing the rebel-on-rebel violence in northern Syria that has so damaged their cause to defeat President Bashar Al Assad , now seems to have been averted .
By early Monday , mediation efforts between Al Nusra and the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) collapsed but , rather than signalling the start of a fight , the breakdown of negotiations brought an uneasy peace .
During the mediation process , the FSA and Al Nusra were locked in a staring contest , seeing who would blink first . In the end , it was the FSA that looked away .
It is hard to see how the outcome is anything other than an embarrassing climb for the FSA . Which is not to say its decision was necessarily the wrong thing to do , but rather an acknowledgement that an emboldened Al Nusra had comfortably outmanoeuvred its moderate rivals throughout the affair .
In a statement on Monday announcing the failure of talks over the fate of Ahmed Nehmeh , an FSA colonel captured by Al Nusra last Saturday and accused of treason , 60 FSA brigades said they were suspending cooperation with the Al Qaeda-affiliated faction .
In itself , that is something of a humiliation . It has been a poorly kept , dirty secret of the FSA that it works with Al Nusra , sharing planning , intelligence and even weapons in their fight against regime forces in southern Syria .
The FSA 's narrative in the south has been to emphasise its moderation , in part to secure weapons , cash and training from the western and Arabian Gulf states that have given them cautious , equivocal support , but which do not want to become a supply chain for Al Qaeda .
Similarly , moderate rebels have long been at pains to stress Al Nusra 's weakness in the south ; that it is less a junior partner in the war against Syria 's brutal regime and a more mere bit player with little influence .
The arrest of Col Nehmeh and events since then have demolished that story . Al Nusra has firmly announced its presence and power in the south , and its position as equals at the same table as the FSA . The FSA has , willingly or not , now acknowledged that .
Col Nehmeh , a senior if far from universally admired FSA officer and ally of foreign intelligence agencies , was taken by Al Nusra shortly after criticising them , somewhat obliquely , by saying there was no room in the war for groups that want to behead their enemies .
FSA groups responded with dire warnings to Al Nusra , and some units even began to mobilise for an assault on a Nusra headquarters .
But , in the end , nothing happened . Instead , the FSA sought to defuse the situation with negotiations . That may have been a sensible way of averting fratricide but , according to rebel sources familiar with the talks , the mediation efforts themselves were a slap in the face of the FSA .
Al Nusra refused any compromise and , instead , merely set terms for the treatment of Col Nehmeh , insisting he stand trial for treason in a court made up of Nusra members and other hardline Islamist groups .
The FSA first agreed to Col Nehmeh facing a trial but asked that he be handed to an FSA-affiliated court , in accordance with a gentlemen 's agreement that had held until then : Al Nusra punishes its own , the FSA punishes its own .
After that option was rejected a proposal was made for a joint tribunal for Col Nehmeh , with Al Nusra members sitting in judgement alongside FSA officers and independent judges . Again , Al Nusra dismissed the idea .
In their statement , the 60 FSA units stressed they did not acknowledge Al Nusra 's right to hold its commanders to account . In practice however , Al Nusra is doing just that .
If the FSA does stop cooperating with Al Nusra , they will both be weaker and less effective militarily than they were . Al Nusra benefited from fighting alongside the FSA , just as the FSA benefited from Al Nusra 's support .
The new disunity will please regime forces , which have consistently reaped the rewards of rebel dissonance .
The uneasy peace reigning between Al Nusra and the FSA is just that ; fragile and uncomfortable . There is a cold war between them now , one that may turn hot .
Just because they have not turned their guns on each other does not mean the shooting will not start . There have already been limited clashes in Nawa between Al Nusra and the FSA , with fighters on both sides killed on Thursday . That fighting has not spread , at least not yet .
The full consequences of the Col Nehmeh crisis on the southern front have far from played out , but , for now , it seems to have shifted the rebels ' centre of gravity away from moderates and towards Al Nusra . Al Qaeda is rising on the southern front .
psands @ thenational.ae
With only one touchdown in Week 16 , Aaron Rodgers ranked 15th in fantasy points among quarterbacks during fantasy football championship week , likely costing many a Rodgers owner a fantasy title . However , Rodgers ' performance was much more valuable on the real football field , where his contributions added an expected 12.2 points to the Packers ' point total ( 6th among QBs ) .
This discrepancy is due to the fact that most `` standard scoring '' fantasy systems are grossly out of line with what plays are worth in real games , with the largest disparity being touchdowns . As most leagues count 25 passing yards as a point and touchdowns as four , the inch between the 0.1-yard line and goal is inexplicably valued as being worth equal to the 100 yards that precede it , and the randomness of goal line decision making often distortedly awards points to players involved in the play that just happened to be the final one of the drive .
This is obnoxious when `` goal-line '' running backs vulture lucrative scores from higher-profile teammates , as when last week 's vulture-in-chief was Washington 's Darrel Young , whose 2 carry , 2 yards , 2 TD line stole 12 points from Alfred Morris and placed Young 20th among RBs in fantasy points . it also makes fantasy football much more like a roulette wheel than a true representation of football .
What would score by EPA look like ?
A more accurate way to allocate fantasy points would be to value events based on expected points added ( EPA ) , a metric popularized by the website Advanced Football Analytics , which measures how many additional points a team is expected to score given a change in situation . For example , a team with 3rd-and-5 at their own 42 would have an expected net point advantage of 0.74 points , but after a 30-yard pass to set up 1st-and-10 at their opponent 's 28 , they would be expected to score 3.47 points—meaning that pass was worth 2.73 points .
Advertisement
As far as the touchdowns are concerned , once a team has first-and-goal at the one-yard line , their expected points are already very near seven , so the act of actually crossing the goal line does very little in terms of increasing a team 's expected point total .
Below is a hypothetical EPA-based fantasy scoring system , allotting points based on the average EPA of particular events . There are two EPA columns : `` EPA '' is the expected actual football game points added for each play ( the stat described above ) . `` EPA adjusted '' is those same EPA numbers , but all scaled up by 1.43 so that 10 rushing/receiving yards = 1 point in both systems and one can use that as kind of baseline to easily compare other values , e.g . TDs are only worth 0.78 points / 7.8 rushing or receiving yards in this system . To be clear , these are stand-in values based on average EPA , not the actual values from the games these players played .
Event Standard EPA Adjusted EPA Passing TD 4 0.52 0.37 25 passing yards 1 1.00 0.70 Passing first down 0 0.29 0.14 Interception -2 -4.99 -3.49 Sack taken 0 -1.99 -1.39 Incomplete Pass 0 -1.06 -0.74 Rushing/Receiving TD 6 0.78 0.55 Rush/reception for no gain 0 -1.06 -0.74 10 Rushing/Receiving yards 1 1.00 0.70 Rushing/Receiving first down 0 0.29 0.20 Fumble lost -2 -4.57 -3.20 FG Made ( 50+ yards ) 5 2.71 1.90 FG Missed ( 50+ yards ) -1 -2.43 -1.70 FG Made ( 40-49 yards ) 4 1.43 1.00 FG Missed ( 40-49 yards ) -1 -3.43 -2.40 FG Made ( 0-39 yards ) 3 0.29 0.20 FG Missed ( 0-39 yards ) -1 -3.57 -2.50
Advertisement
* The standard scoring ratio of 25 passing yards = 10 rushing/receiving yards , passing TDs = 67 % of of rushing/receiving TDs are kept constant .
* * For those wondering , as far as PPR ( point per reception ) scoring , there is no EPA difference between gaining yards via a pass or a run , so no points should be rewarded for receptions . If anything , receptions should carry some small negative value , as they use a down . This is the same for rushes , which should carry slightly greater negative value given that the average depth of target for a reception is greater than the average starting rushing position a few yards behind the line of scrimmage . This is partly accounted for by the `` rush/reception for no gain '' category .
These are very crude estimations , as yard and first down EPA values can vary by situation , but should be far more accurate in assigning value than standard scoring .
Advertisement
So how would this more accurate scoring system play out in a potential championship week matchup ? Here 's an example of a hypothetical matchup ( defenses excluded ) from last week using standard scoring :
Position Team A SS Pts . Team B SS Pts . QB Cam Newton 22 Aaron Rodgers 14 RB Marshawn Lynch 23 Reggie Bush 15 RB C.J . Anderson 19 Damien Williams 12 WR Odell Beckham Jr. 26 Calvin Johnson 10 WR Torrey Smith 17 Julio Jones 10 WR Riley Cooper 17 DeSean Jackson 12 TE Antonio Gates 21 Charles Clay 11 FLEX Matt Asiata 20 Kenny Stills 6 K Sebastian Janikowski 15 Matt Bryant 15 Totals 180 105
It 's a dominant blowout victory for Team A in this system , but here 's how this championship week matchup plays out with the EPA-based scoring system :
Advertisement
In this system , Team B has a modest victory . This difference in outcomes is largely due to the touchdown discrepancy , as Team A 's players lucked into 15 scores ( an extra 88 points ) compared to Team B 's only finding paydirt three times ( 16 points ) . In standard scoring , this TD deficit between Team A and Team B represents a 72-point discrepancy , but in the EPA format , it 's only a 9.4-point difference .
To illustrate how hollow some Team A 's TDs were , take C.J . Anderson , who got a handoff at first-and-goal from the 1 ( 5.96 EPA situation ) and converted for the score ( now 7.00 EPA - 0.34 EPA for the Bengals after kicking off ) . This 1-yard rush represented a mere 0.70 in EPA , and Anderson had done nothing earlier in the drive to get the Broncos to that point of the field , the vast majority of EPA instead coming from Omar Bolden 's 77-yard return to start the drive ( 4.51 EPA ) .
Not all Team A 's short TDs were as worthless as Anderson 's , though . The Eagles were at 3rd-and-goal from 3 ( 4.56 EPA situation ) when Riley Cooper caught a 3-yard TD ( 7.00 EPA - 0.34 EPA for the Redskins after kicking off ) , meaning his 2.10 EPA TD was worth triple Anderson 's , though still worth the equivalent of only 30 receiving yards ( compared to 60 yards in standard scoring ) .
Advertisement
Team A also had some truly valuable TDs , such as Odell Beckham Jr. 's 80-yard bomb from 3rd-and-10 from the Giants ' 20 ( -0.57 EPA situation ) , which increased the Giants ' EPA to ( 7.00 EPA - 0.34 EPA for the Rams after kicking off ) , making his TD worth 7.23 EPA , roughly 3.4x the value of Cooper 's score and 10.3x as valuable as Anderson 's . These long , valuable TDs are relatively rare , though , as the average distance of TD-scoring plays is only 15.6 yards , meaning most TDs are of the short , not-so-valuable Cooper/Anderson variety .
Could this actually work ?
Again , it 's important to note that , unlike the EPA values for the TDs described here , our EPA conversion chart at the top of this post is absent from context and does not take into account the length of the play or the down . It is simply a rough average of all plays . But if a fantasy provider were to come along and run with this idea , it would be relatively simple to license stats from Advanced Football Analytics— Brian Burke already publishes the top performers by position each week—or create an approximation of its own .
Advertisement
The other major EPA scoring discrepancy stems from the fact that fantasy football only uses count rather than rate stats , so players like Asiata who are terribly inefficient but rack up a ton of touches are n't penalized for repeatedly running into the line for no gain and stalling drives . In Week 16 , this was most evident for Marshawn Lynch , who had four such no-gain carries , which totalled to -2.51 EPA , a penalty that severely hurt the Seahawks but would go unpunished in standard scoring fantasy systems . ( And to be fair , this was largely overshadowed and more than made up for his 79-yard Beastmode run . )
The stuff you 'd end up losing is the wild swings on fluke players grabbing a few garbage touchdowns , or someone like Ben Roethlisberger beasting out for 45 points—a figure that would come down significantly if pegged to actual EPA . Overall , would make for a game that is more realistic , but perhaps also less exciting , which could be a tough sell—especially with interest in full-season fantasy waning in favor of one-week games like Draft Kings . Then again , given the colossal value of touchdowns now and they way they immensely shape matchups , watching games purely from a standard scoring fantasy perspective can be somewhat unexciting if your players are at midfield or in their own territory , far away from the lucrative six-point end zone .
Fantasy football is already a game that depends very heavily on luck , and using such a grossly inaccurate point system only amplifies that randomness . Whether that randomness is good for the game or not is another question .
Advertisement
Jim Pagels is a regular contributor to Forbes . You can follow him on Twitter at @ jimpagels
June 25 , 2015
According to a report found this morning , a “ growing number ” of T-Mobile customers are experiencing technical glitches with their Apple iPhones . Some users are said to have complained about having their devices restart itself abnormally and getting turning to the dreaded “ blue screen of death ” while doing important stuff .
The affected smartphones were all sold by US carrier T-Mobile and run certain versions of iOS 8 ( iOS 8.1 and 8.1 ) ranging from the Apple iPhone 6 Plus , the iPhone 6 , and the 2013-released iPhone 5s .
Here 's an excerpt from one of the users ' complaints :
Hey guys . So this morning my iPhone 6 ( 4 months old ) started just randomly restarting itself every 20-30 minutes or so . I was n't even using it most of the time , it was in my pocket at work ( could tell because of lock screen that indicated I needed to enter my pin after a restart as opposed to finger ID ) . At one point I was texting my SO about it , the screen turned blue for maybe 2 seconds and it restarted .
A contributor at popular micro-blogging site , Reddit , also posted :
Several times today , my iphone has randomly flashed blue and rebooted . A quick search reveals a whole lot of users experiencing this problem as of today , and they all seem to be on T-Mobile . Anyone knows what the issue is ?
Apple has not yet come out to swiftly respond to the matter just like they responded to Taylor Swift 's love letter , however , a T-Mobile tech support guy says the problems might have arisen from RAM issues .
Many users are also reported to have fixed the problem by forcing a hard reset on their smartphones .
Update :
The cause has been identified and a fix has been outed for the issue .
`` We need a mental health clinic for populist politicians , '' Andreas Treichl , chief executive of Erste Group Bank , joked . `` It would be a huge clinic with at least 6,000 beds . ''
Nearly 60 percent of attendees at the event believed that the region 's own governments posed the biggest risk to its economic development .
Economic growth in the Emerging Europe countries , including Turkey and Russia as well as the CEE region , slowed to around 1 percent annual growth in the last quarter of 2012 as the euro zone debt crisis hit exports . But the pace picked up to around 2 percent in the third quarter of 2013 . However , this still lags far behind the pace enjoyed by the fastest growth emerging markets like China and India .
( Read more : Can Emerging Europe 's central banks fight the Fed ? )
Some of the populist measures blamed for failure to tackle long-term economic issues include the replacing of Hungary 's central bank governor with a government loyalist – and its subsequent focus on short-term cutting interest rates rather than tackling the country 's hefty foreign exchange debt .
( Read more : Hungarian central bank completely independent : Governor )
Failure to keep up the pace of reform in the post-Communist era , the weakness of third-level education and a subsequent 'brain drain ' , and corruption , were all blamed on governmental weakness .
( Read more : Political woes pervade in emerging markets )
As CEE countries join the European Union , its people have taken advantage of one of the key tenets of the 28-country group : freedom of movement and labor . Politicians in some of the older European Union states , particularly the U.K. , have become increasingly vocal about migrants from newer EU members like Romania and Bulgaria . The flip side of this , however , is that the CEE region is losing some of its brightest young people , according to economists .
( Read more : Is the U.K. 'destroying future ' with anti-immigration stance ? )
`` Our region will have an even worse demographic problem than it does at the moment , '' Treichl warned .
Like most of the rest of Europe , the region is facing a aging or `` greying '' population after increasing life expectancy and lower fertility rates . This problem is exacerbated by the lack of private pension provision , a hangover from the socialist era .
By 2060 , Bulgaria 's population will shrink by 28 percent , Latvia 's by 26 percent , Lithuania 's by 24 percent , Romania 's by 21 percent and Poland 's by 18 percent , according to Eurostat forecasts .
This makes the retention of talent ever more important to the region , according to the opinion-formers gathered by Erste .
To keep young people , and attract more from outside , the region needs to reduce barriers to trade , generate cheap energy through shale gas exploration , provide cheap housing and long term financing , according to a plan devised by Eduard Zehetner , chief executive of Immofinanz , the Austrian property investor , with other regional experts .
`` We have to keep people in the region , '' he told the event .
- By CNBC 's Catherine Boyle . Twitter : @ cboylecnbc .
Morocco is a very popular tourist destination . And if you do n't quite like crowded places just like me , then allow me to introduce to you 10 places in Morocco off beaten path . Places where you can enjoy yourself , and have great peace of mind away from the inflated prices and the tourist traps .
A vaste country like Morocco has many interesting places to visit . And often when you ask people what do they know about it , the same answers seem to always come up . Trendy destinations like Marrakech , Fez and the Sahara desert are always well promoted by Tour companies . But to be honest , these places always seem to have endless waves of crowds , and it can be overwhelming and spoil the travel experience altogether , preventing visitors from spending an enjoyable time .
Morocco off beaten path # 1 : Al Hoceima
Al Hoceima is a city on the Mediterranean Coast . Surrounded by The Rif mountains and the Hoceima National Park , this city is perfect for all kinds of travel related activities . Although the city itself is small and lack any urban attractions , the beauty of its natural vicinity is absolutely breathtaking .
Al Hoceima has multiple attractive beaches like Cala Iris , Calabonita , Quemado , Bades and many more . The coastline of the region has what is considered by many , as one of the most beautiful beaches in the Mediterranean . Enjoying a swim in the blue and very clear water and scuba-diving are popular activities to try .
If you 're not very fond of beaches , AlHoceima has got your back . A hike in the Hoceima National Park and discovering its wide range of fauna and flora can be a memorable experience . The hiking trails stretch through a variety of rugged terrains and constantly changing landscapes , from green forests to wide reddish lands .
The Park has many rural homes that welcome visitors , and are a perfect way to experience the rural life of Rif People . it is also home to many endangered species that are rarely found elsewhere . The Park can feel a bit remote and isolated but this fact adds to the charm of the place , as it has many unspoiled scenes .
Morocco off beaten path # 2 : Oujda
Oujda is a millennial city and it 's history dates back to many centuries . It is mostly famous for its abundance of Mosques , making it one of the cities with most mosques in the Islamic World . Few foreign visitors come to the city that used to be a main crossroad for commerce back when the Arabs first conquered these lands .
Oujda is mostly relaxed and hassle free , and is well connected by road , by train and recently its airport traffic have improved and many internationals flights are now coming in from Europe .
Main attractions in Oujda and its vicinity include touring the old city and discovering its architecture , Hiking and trekking in the nearby region of Tafoughalet . Or even a day trip to the nearby resort town of Saidia 30 km to the north , home of some of the country 's best beaches .
Morocco off beaten path # 3 : Ifrane
Many cities in Morocco are very similar , of course each city has its monuments , its history but still all of them have a large number of things in common . The same ca n't be said about Ifrane . Located in the Atlas moutains , this town is the least Moroccan city in the country . Nicknamed as “ Moroccan Switzerland ” , Ifrane has Swiss and French style architecture , and multiple parks that give the city a calm feel . Ifrane is considered the cleanest city in Morocco .
The city wears a white coat in winter as it receives snowy precipitations . The nearby Ski Station of Michlifen is perfect for a fun day trip . There are also many places worth visiting not far from the city , like a mineral water source called Ain Vittel , the beautiful Lake Aoua , The Cedar forest of Azrou and the town of Imouzzer Kander . The region is very rich in stunning natural landscapes with ever changing scenery throughout the seasons .
Morocco off beaten path # 4 : Meknes
Meknes is among Morocco 's many Imperial cities . It was once the kingdom 's capital under the ruler Moulay Ismail . Even though it has a rich history , it is often skipped and overshadowed by the nearby and well renown Fez . It can be a great stop to explore a rich architecture , a less crowded Medina and enjoy a place with absolutely no scams or hassle . Meknes has lots to offer , you can read all about my weekend in the city .
Meknes deserves at least two days to see its essentials . The Medina , its Many decorated gates , Islamic schools and many more interesting sights in this place listed on the UNESCO World Heritage sites . Another interesting trip from Meknes can be to the close Roman Ruins of Volubilis and to Moulay Idriss Zerhoun .
Morocco off beaten path # 5 : Ait Bouguemez
In the heart of the Atlas Mountains , near the town of Azilal , is situated the gorgeous region of Ait Bouguemez . Often nicknamed as “ The Happy valley ” , this area has one of the most stunning views in Morocco . Ait Bouguemez is an unspoiled spot in the country , mainly because of the hard access and bumpy roads .
The valley is overlooked by the second highest summit in Morocco : Mgoun Mountain . These lands still preserve the authenticity of Moroccan berber life , and as you go through the many berber villages , you can see that the people are still maintaining the same lifestyle of their ancestors .
Ait Bouguemez is one of Morocco 's best kept secrets , and few travelers make it here . A landscape where the true face of Morocco can be discovered . The berber people of the Valley are the friendliest and most welcoming . They mainly live in very picturesque Mud Houses reflecting the simplicity and sometimes , the harshness of life in these secluded lands .
Hiking is the main activity in this mountainous region , and mingling with locals is the best thing you can experience along with delicious mint tea and berber cuisine . The area contains many rural houses that can arrange hiking tours . The valley is at its best during the spring and summer seasons , mainly because of the thick snow that covers most of it during winter , starts to melt away . This valley is definitely the place to be for a calm , peaceful and yet adventurous getaway .
Morocco off beaten path # 6 : Bin El Ouidane – Ouzoud
Bin El Ouidane is a huge water dam located South of Beni Mellal and to the North From Azilal . It is surrounded by stunning views combining Mountains , Water and green bushes . The region is a real treat to both the eye and the soul . This is a perfect place for a getaway from the stress of life . Here one can enjoy nature in all its forms . The area contains many hotels ranging from 5-star resorts to medium range accommodations and camping . Bin el Ouidane also has no shortage of activities , from swimming to fishing , kayaking or simply hanging out in the wilderness enjoying the breathtaking beauty .
Not very far from Bin El Ouidane , exactly 50 km away , are the waterfalls of Ouzoud . Did i say waterfalls ? Yes , i did . Ouzoud are Morocco 's highest and most beautiful waterfalls . As unexpected as it may seem , the country has a wide range of landscapes and it holds many surprises . A trip to this awesome place is a must if you 're in the Area . It can be visited as a Day trip from Marrakech as many tours operators offer this trip .
Ouzoud is a place to enjoy Waterfalls , Rainbows and another surprise : Monkeys . There is a large group of these funny creatures living near the waterfalls . You can befriend them while eating at the many restaurants in the area . A dip in the water or a boat ride is a must in Ouzoud especially during the summer where locals escape to Ouzoud to freshen up .
Morocco off beaten path # 7 : Mirleft
The South of Morocco is still mostly new ground to tourists or travelers alike . It has many hidden spots only familiar to local people who enjoy their charm and preserve their authenticity . One of these places is the Town of Mirleft . This cozy town located on the Atlantic ocean , just few kilometers from Tiznit and South from the infamous Agadir , provides to its visitors a calm and friendly atmosphere , beautiful beaches and great food .
Mirleft can be described as a calm town , where you can find people ranging from the few tourists who decide to stop by , to hippie youngsters who fled bustling cities and set up camp near the beach , not to mention the many surf enthusiasts who spend their daytime catching waves at one of the best surf spots in Morocco . The town only started attracting visitors from Northern parts of Morocco in the last few years , but it is definitely one of the highlights of the Atlantic coast of Morocco .
Morocco off beaten path # 8 : Tinghir
Tinghir is a small city in the High Atlas mountains , located few kilometers from Ouarzazate . This small town is famous for its beautiful palm trees oases . Being located near the Todra and Dades Valleys , Tinghir is a perfect base for visitors fond of hiking and climbing and even rafting . The Valleys have immense Canyons offering some stunning landscapes worthy of visiting .
The region has a variety of Ksours and Kasbas that reflect the unique style of architecture in this part of Morocco . These houses were once home to both native Berber people and an important number of Jewish people , making it a place with rich heritage and a witness of the blend of cultures , languages and religions that lived in harmony together .
Morocco off beaten path # 9 : Taza
Located in the Rif mountains , Taza is a city worthy of a stop for a few days , to explore it and get to know its history . Considered as an important outpost , on the main trading route in Morocco back in the middle ages , Taza was briefly the capital of Morocco due to its strategic location .
While in Taza , you can see the Old Medina , with its variety of buildings and markets offering different products , from spices to local crafts . The city is very close to the Tazekka National park . So a day trip full of hiking and trekking can also be an excellent idea . Not to mention the highlight of the Park , which is a huge underground cave . The biggest in North Africa . The Friouato cave can be explored for a day and is a great option for those adventurous spirits looking to try new things .
Morocco off beaten path # 10 : El Jadida-Oualidia
El Jadida , Mazagan , Mazagão are all names for this coastal UNESCO World Heritage city . Once a Portuguese stronghold , the city was one of the first Portuguese settlement on the route to India . The Portuguese built a huge fortress in the city to preserve their presence in Morocco . Sights in the city include the Old Portuguese town which is a bit different from Moorish style Medinas , the local markets and the Portuguese Cistern in which you can admire the architecture and take reflection photos , due to the thin layer of water on its floor .
El Jadida is also renowned for its extensive beaches both in the city and its vicinity . The best ones are City beach , El Haouzia Beach and Sidi Bouzid . Another spot near El Jadida is the small town of Oualidia known for its resorts , beautiful beaches and lagoon . A must-do in this small town is trying the local cuisine based mainly on delicious and affordable seafood .
Do You Know these off the beaten path places ? Are you planning on visiting any of them ? Do you know any other unknown destinations in Morocco ? Share your thoughts .
Show some love and share this article with your friends ! !
Petro Poroshenko has faced down protesters and rivals to lead the opinion polls before the first round of voting on Sunday
For a man with presidential ambitions , it was not a propitious scene . Petro Poroshenko stood atop a bulldozer between a line of police and an angry crowd chanting expletives at him . Shouting into a loudhailer he urged calm , asking protesters to desist from storming the presidential headquarters in Kiev .
Hardcore elements in the crowd did n't like his speech ; they responded with jeers of `` dickhead '' and `` Jew trash '' . ( Actually , Poroshenko is a Christian . ) Someone dragged him off his perch . Others managed to rescue him from this seething frontline . Masked youths grabbed the tractor and used it as a battering ram to force a path though police . Clouds of smoke billowed across Ukraine 's warring capital .
This was early December . Six months later Poroshenko is on the brink of becoming Ukraine 's new president . Opinion polls suggest he will win the first round of Sunday 's presidential election by a landslide . Such is his lead he may even beat his nearest rival , former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko , in the first round , avoiding the need for a run-off vote on 15 June .
For Poroshenko , it has been a steep rise to popularity that begs two questions : how has he managed it ? And will this support help him accomplish one of the toughest jobs in the world today : running Ukraine ?
Softly spoken , articulate , and fluent in English , Poroshenko bears little resemblance to the bear-like ousted president , Viktor Yanukovych . A former foreign minister and minister of trade , Poroshenko is no political newbie . But he has managed to dodge the unpopularity that has engulfed the rest of Ukraine 's governing class .
Poroshenko 's current popularity has much to do with adroit positioning . He was n't one of the three opposition leaders – the current prime minister , Arseniy Yatsenyuk , boxer Vitali Klitschko and ultra-nationalist Oleh Tyahnybok – who signed a deal with Yanukovych . And his business fortune came not from the murky world of energy but from something altogether more palatable : chocolate .
`` Poroshenko was on the Maidan [ central square in Kiev ] . But at the same time he escaped unpopular decisions , '' said Olexiy Haran , a professor of comparative politics in the capital . `` He managed to present himself as balanced , reasonable and successful . '' Even when he popped up on Maidan , paying for food , water and firewood for protesters , he was careful to play both sides . `` Russia is n't our opponent , but our partner , '' he told the liberal Moscow newspaper Novaya Gazeta . `` Understand , Euro-Maidan is not a movement away from Russia , but from the Soviet Union . ''
Journey into politics
Born near Odessa , in south-west Ukraine , Poroshenko launched himself as a business consultant in the 1990s after studying economics in Kiev . ( He met his wife , Maryna , a cardiologist , at a university disco ; they have four children . ) Poroshenko took over state confectionery plants and transformed them into a lucrative empire .
In 1998 he entered politics , winning a seat in Ukraine 's lower house , the Verkhovna Rada , representing the Social Democrats . Two years later he founded his own Solidarity party .
Poroshenko 's ambition quickly manifested itself , as did a political flexibility which strikes some as slippery . He co-founded the Party of Regions – the eastern-based party of Yanukovych . Soon afterwards , in 2002 , he joined the Ukraine group of Yanukovych 's pro-western rival Viktor Yushchenko . Poroshenko played a leading role in the Orange Revolution which prevented Yanukovych from fraudulently claiming victory in the 2004 presidential elections .
Yushchenko won a re-run vote , and Poroshenko became secretary to the council on national security and defence . He harboured hopes of becoming prime minister but instead the job went to Tymoshenko . Soon , though , this Orange coalition fell apart . Yushchenko fired Tymoshenko and Poroshenko , amid allegations of corruption , which he denied . Poroshenko remains close to Yushchenko , who is godfather to his daughters .
But after exiting government , Poroshenko bounced back . He served as foreign minister in 2009-10 and accepted an offer by Yanukovych – by this time president – to become minister of economic development . Poroshenko negotiated with the International Monetary Fund . Currently , he is an independent deputy without his own proper political party . ( He has agreed an electoral pact with Klitschko 's Udar party ; Klitschko , the early front-runner , pulled out of the presidential race to support Poroshenko . )
According to Alexander Temerko , a London-based Russian businessman , Poroshenko is driven by deep religious convictions . He is a member of Ukraine 's Orthodox church , and has financed the restoration of its buildings and monasteries . In high-level meetings he is often seen fiddling with a crucifix .
`` Religion is important to many Ukrainians , '' Temerko said . `` This gives him a fantastic advantage over other candidates , especially among simple people . Like Greece , Ukraine is a country of Christianity . ''
Following years of oligarchic misrule , does Ukraine really need another rich man in charge ? `` I think he has this feeling of public service in him , '' said Orysia Lutsevych , a research fellow with Chatham House 's Russia and Eurasia programme . Lutsevych acknowledged that Poroshenko was wealthy , with his own business interests . But she added : `` His business looks legitimate . It was n't built on corrupt trade in gas and oil with Russia . '' Unlike other Ukrainian politicians `` he was never involved in any big scandals '' .
Poroshenko made his own money – Forbes puts his net wealth at $ 1.3bn – from his chocolates , earning him the nickname of `` the chocolate king '' . His other business interests include shipbuilding , construction and media .
What the future holds
So what would a Poroshenko presidency hold ? A champion of European integration , Poroshenko is seen by many voters as the best person to reform the country 's failing economy .
He can be under no illusions as to the grave challenges ahead . `` If a country is to deal with Russia as an equal , it must be strong , '' he said last weekend . In the space of two breathless months , Russian president Vladimir Putin has annexed Crimea and fomented an armed uprising in the Russophone east and south . One of the Poroshenko 's activists was brutally beaten up in Makiyivka , a town near Donetsk . In Luhansk , next to the Russian border , other members representing him on the local election commission were taken hostage .
After equivocating for weeks , the Donetsk-based oligarch Rinat Akhmetov has finally denounced the separatist uprising in the east . Still , not much voting will take place here on Sunday , with the possible exception of northern parts of Luhansk Oblast , under government control . Pro-Russian leaders have declared independence from Kiev , and have vowed not to recognise Sunday 's elections . Masked gunmen are already seizing ballot boxes , including on Tuesday in the town of Artyomovsk .
On the campaign trail , Poroshenko has cast himself as the man who can rescue Ukraine from its numerous afflictions : break-up , corruption , a rampant shady economy and lousy governance . His long-term goal is to transform his nation of 46 million into a modern European state . He wants to decentralise power , amend the constitution and sign the latest chapter in the EU association deal , which he personally drafted as foreign minister . The European path will help Ukraine modernise , he argues , and – as his campaign slogan puts it – `` to live in a new way '' .
But the spectre of a Yugoslav-style collapse remains . Poroshenko takes a hardline against pro-Moscow separatists . `` What language do we have to speak with terrorists ? That 's right , the language of force , '' he told an election rally last week , according to the Kyiv Post . But the details remain fuzzy . The Ukrainian army is already skirmishing with Russian-backed rebels around the town of Slavyansk ; casualties on both sides growing ; results inconclusive .
Meanwhile , Tymoshenko has accused her old rival of secretly cosying up to Russia . In March , Poroshenko and Klitschko met with billionaire Dmitry Firtash in Austria . Firtash made his fortune from murky intermediary gas pipeline deals with Gazprom ; he is fighting attempts by the US to extradite him on corruption charges . It is well known he has close Kremlin contacts .
Putin 's view of Poroshenko – an implacable foe or a man he may be able to do business with – is unclear . Some believe that recent de-escalatory moves by Russia suggest the Kremlin may view him as an acceptable interlocutor .
In reality , though , there 's little evidence Poroshenko is a Russian patsy . The businessman has paid a high price already for his outspoken pro-western views . Last summer Moscow banned chocolates from his Roshen factory in Lipetsk , southern Russian , supposedly on health grounds . In March riot police shut down the plant and seized its warehouse . Poroshenko also lost his shipyard in the Crimean port of Sevastopol when Russian troops overran the Black Sea peninsula . He has vowed to use all levers to get Crimea back .
The US and EU already appear to regard Poroshenko 's victory as the most likely outcome . In late March Poroshenko visited London , together with Klitschko . They held talks with David Cameron and William Hague , the foreign secretary , and agreed a deal to make it easier for Ukrainians to get long-term British visas .
Outside Downing Street the pair chatted to pro-Ukrainian demonstrators . Poroshenko posed with the Ukrainian flag , a symbol that has practically vanished from much of the east .
With Ukraine 's future as a sovereign state in doubt , and Russian troops on the border , Poroshenko will need all the international help he can get . Plus the bravery he demonstrated on the Maidan . Nobody has quite forgotten what happened to Yushchenko , who was mysteriously poisoned while on the campaign trail in 2004 . `` He is a very determined person . There is a physical risk to Petro , '' Temerko said . `` He is a brave guy . ''
The chocolate king
Created in 1996 , Poroshenko 's company Roshen produces more than 300 kinds of sweets , cakes and biscuits at factories in Ukraine , Russia , Lithuania and Hungary .
Perhaps top of the list is the slightly unimaginatively named Cherries in chocolate , a cherry liqueur smothered in dark chocolate .
They are certainly sweet , but then people in this part of the world are famous for their sweet tooth . `` They are tasty and always of decent quality , '' said Lyudmila Miroshnychenko , from Kherson , southern Ukraine . Cherries in chocolate , for her , is a treat to take with coffee in the afternoon .
Then there is Evening Kiev , a sort of Ferrero Rocher for the east , though frankly most ambassadors in Kiev have n't had much time of late for spoiling guests .
There is an entire range of chocolate bars that retail for around 20p – cheaper than imported Mars bars or Snickers . But many Ukrainians prefer the smaller chocolate sweets in colourful wrappers purchased by weight , some of which have retained brand names that were popular in Soviet times , like Camomile or Red poppy .
Svitlana Tuchynska , a Ukrainian who moved to Malaysia , said she always asks people travelling from Ukraine to bring her some Roshen candies . `` I 'm not a sweet tooth but once I presented some of Ukrainian Roshen sweets to Malaysians and Chinese locals they were delighted , '' she said . `` And the Europeans also adore them . My friends from Sweden have always been purchasing Cherry in chocolate . ''
Roshen has not escaped the turmoil unsettling the region . Some residents in Donetsk and Luhansk have started a boycott of the sweets , just as they are boycotting the presidential election .
`` Many people say they will not buy Roshen on principle , '' said Irina , who works in a supermarket candy department in Luhansk .
But if Poroshenko becomes president , he will take the politics out of chocolate for good : he has declared he will sell his company if he is elected on Sunday .
A sharp increase in the number of families from Central America detained at the border has immigration experts concerned that the U.S. may be facing another migration crisis similar to the summer surge of 2014 .
Federal officials said this week that the number of unaccompanied minors detained at the border doubled in the last three months of 2015 compared with the previous year . And the number of families almost tripled .
Usually , border apprehensions decrease during winter months .
“ It is a warning sign for what could come in the spring , ” said Adam Isacson , a security analyst for the Washington Office on Latin America , a human rights and social justice organization .
The embedded graphic will not display on this device .
The increases from three Central American nations — Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala — come as overall Border Patrol apprehensions hit historic lows . Net migration from Mexico is actually below zero now , the nonpartisan Pew Research Center has reported .
But while many unauthorized immigrants from Mexico who are detained are quickly returned to their homeland , those from the Central American nations are often unaccompanied minors or families — generally mothers traveling with small children . Under a federal anti-trafficking law , the migrant minors from countries without a shared U.S. border must be temporarily sheltered until they are reunited with a parent or guardian , usually within a few weeks .
During the last crisis in 2014 , about 68,000 unaccompanied children and about 68,000 people traveling in families were apprehended . The wave of migration taxed resources and overwhelmed Border Patrol facilities in the Rio Grande Valley , until many of the children were moved to shelters as far away as Oklahoma .
Three shelters opened late last year near Dallas as the number of immigrants from Central America has begun to again rise steeply .
The U.S. government has also funded an advertising campaign in Central America warning of the dangers of taking the journey north . And ongoing deportations back to gang-plagued El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala have hit a pace of about 14 flights each week .
Federal authorities have also stepped up raids designed to net Central Americans who arrived after June 2014 , including a few detentions in North Texas .
Not that any of that has discouraged the immigrants from braving the long journey north for better jobs and incomes and , more important , a safer day-to-day life .
“ If you have a kid who is gang-recruitment age , [ migration north ] might be worth the investment , ” Isacson said .
The El Salvadoran government recently released 2015 homicide figures ranking that country of 6.5 million as the world 's most murderous . The numbers show 104 homicides for every 100,000 persons , violence not seen since that country ended its civil war in 1992 .
“ People who continue to fear for their lives in their home country will keep coming , ” said Wendy Young , the attorney-president of the D.C.-based nonprofit Kids In Need of Defense .
“ It 's hard to out-ugly what is happening in Central America , no matter what we do to them , ” Young said .
The largest jump in detentions came from families . Those numbers nearly tripled to 21,469 people from October through December , compared with 7,468 in the previous period , according to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection .
The flow of unaccompanied minors also continued to climb to 17,370 in those three months , compared with nearly 8,000 in the previous period .
By comparison , in June 2014 at the height of the migrant swell , about 16,300 migrant family members and 10,400 migrant minors were apprehended , border statistics show .
The numbers include immigrants from Mexico , but the increases are mostly due to people moving north from the Central American nations . The increase for December was the highest in recent counts for migrant minors and families , Isacson said .
This month , raids were conducted in Texas , Georgia and North Carolina with 121 people from Central America detained .
Jeh C. Johnson , head of the Department of Homeland Security , noted the need to deport at “ a greater rate ” when he detailed the scope of the raids and other measures the U.S. has taken to discourage the migration .
“ We aim to ensure that there are safe , lawful , and orderly options available to those seeking refuge and to further deter individuals from undertaking the journey and attempting to cross the border without authorization in the hands of unscrupulous smugglers , ” he said .
Johnson said all those detained were subject to final orders of removal issued by an immigration court . Pro bono attorneys rushed to help detainees and won stays of deportation for 33 .
Legally , the Central Americans do n't have refugee status . But immigrant advocates say many of those fleeing El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras are deserving of refugee protections .
On Wednesday , Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. would expand a small refugee program it started in December 2014 for Salvadorans , Guatemalans and Hondurans . Thus far , only 48 persons have arrived in the U.S. under that program , a State Department spokeswoman said .
Federal officials did n't say whether potential refugees would be moved into another country for processing , such as neighboring Mexico or Costa Rica .
KIND , a nonprofit advocacy group , said in a statement that the new resettlement program is “ unquestionably a step in the right direction. ” But the U.S. must still allow women and children to apply for protection at the U.S. border in a “ full and fair process ” — a request stemming from allegations that immigrants are rushed through processes without enough time to present a good case or have assistance from an attorney . Some attorneys have complained that “ credible fear ” interviews at the border are inadequate in determining if there 's a significant possibility of persecution or torture back in the homeland .
Meanwhile , the number of people arriving at the border continues to increase . Attorney Bill Holston , executive director of the Human Rights Initiative of North Texas , could spot the problem just by looking at his East Dallas lobby on in-take days : Standing-room only .
“ If the government is trying to send a message with speedy deportations and raids , it is having no effect , ” Holston said .
Twitter : @ disolis
UK 's Ridiculous Internet Porn Crackdown Can Be Used To Kill Social Media Accounts
from the wait , -what ? dept
Finally , I have a question for the Minister . I would like him to comment on what the expectations are for social media sites like Twitter , which can themselves host user-generated pornographic content . The expectations on commercial pornography websites are set out pretty clearly in Clause 15 , but will the Minister please clarify how the Bill as drafted will impact on social media sites ? Clause 22 starts to cover this with its reference to “ ancillary service providers ” , but in Clause 22 ( 6 ) the reference is restricted to business activities so provided . Evidence from the Government to the Communications Select Committee on 29 October was as follows :
“ Twitter is a user-generated uploading-content site . If there is pornography on Twitter , it will be considered covered under ancillary services ” .
How does that apply to material on Twitter that is not uploaded in the course of business activities ? I ask the Minister to clarify this point when he responds .
In seeking to protect children from stumbling upon pornography , it is particularly important that social media is covered by the Bill . That is one of the primary ways in which children are exposed to pornography . There has been some debate about the scope of Clause 15 and the ancillary service providers , but it seems clear to me that social media should be covered by this . I was particularly delighted that the noble Baroness , Lady Shields , confirmed to the Lords Communications Committee on 29 November that :
“ The Bill covers ancillary services . There was a question about Twitter . Twitter is a user-generated uploading-content site . If there is pornography on Twitter , it will be considered covered under ancillary services ” .
Can the Minister confirm that this will be the case and also the case for all other social media , including , Facebook , Tumblr and Instagram ?
It is probably unrealistic to block the whole of Twitter—it would make us look like idiots . On the other hand , there are other things we can do . This brings me to the point that other noble Lords made about ancillary service complaints . If we start to make the payment service providers comply and help , they will make it less easy for those sites to make money . They will not be able to do certain things . I do not know what enforcement is possible . All these sites have to sign up to terms and conditions . Big retail websites such as Amazon sell films that would certainly come under this category . They should put an age check in front of the webpage . It is not difficult to do ; they could easily comply .
The right reverend Prelate , the noble Baronesses , Lady Kidron and Lady Benjamin , and the noble Earl , Lord Erroll , asked a valid question about social media and Twitter . The Government believe that services , including Twitter , can be classified by regulators as ancillary service providers where they are enabling or facilitating the making available of pornographic or prohibited material . This means that they could be notified of commercial pornographers to whom they provide a service but this will not apply to material provided on a non-commercial basis .
It is a complicated area . Free speech is vital but we must protect children from harm online as well as offline . We must do more to ensure that children can not easily access sexual content which will distress them or harm their development , as has been mentioned .
Last month , the UK moved forward with the latest version of its ridiculous `` Digital Economy Bill '' which will put in place mandatory porn filtering at the ISP level -- requiring service providers to block access to sites that do n't do an age verification check . But it was at least somewhat vague as to which `` ISPs '' this covered . The bill has moved from the House of Commons over to the House of Lords , and apparently we now have at least something of an answer -- and it 's that social media sites like Twitter and Facebook will be covered by this regulation.In other words , those sites may beto block accounts and block access to certain porn sites . That 's ridiculous . This came out during the reading of the bill in the House of Lords where a question was raised about the responsibility of platforms under the bill : Later , Baroness Benjamin claims that it 's important that theythat social media is included in the bill `` for the children '' ( of course ) : The debate over regulating Twitter got pretty silly pretty fast . At least one person noted that the UK was at risk of looking like idiots . This is from `` The Earl of Erroll '' ( got ta love the House of Lords ) , who then admits he does n't even know what 's possible , but he 's absolutely positive that age checks on any e-commerce site is no big deal.Finally , Lord Ashton of Hyde , admits that , yes , of course the bill will apply to social media and all those other sites , because why the fuck not ? In that same answer , he pulls an infamous `` free speech is important , but ... '' line that is what you expect from someone about to censor speech : And , thus , you go from a system officially designed to make it hard to reach porn on the internet `` for the children '' to a bill that allows for the UK government to force social media companies to block or kill certain accounts . That seems like a pretty big deal .
Filed Under : censorship , digital economy bill , house of lords , moral panic , porn , porn filtering , social media , uk
Companies : facebook , instagram , Twitter
Adam Schefter provides an update on Antonio Brown , who suffered a partially torn calf muscle against the Patriots on Sunday . Brown is unlikely to play during the remainder of the regular season . ( 1:37 )
PITTSBURGH -- Antonio Brown , the Pittsburgh Steelers All-Pro wide receiver , suffered a partially torn calf muscle in Sunday 's 27-24 loss to the New England Patriots , a source told ESPN 's Adam Schefter .
Brown is unlikely to play next week but is expected back for the postseason , the source said .
Brown left Sunday 's game early in the second quarter with a left calf injury and did not return . Team officials helped Brown off the field and to a blue tent on the sideline . He was then taken to the hospital for evaluation .
Brown attempted to catch a pass in the end zone when a Patriots defensive back appeared to roll over his left leg .
Brown is considered one of the Steelers ' toughest players . He has n't missed a regular season game because of injury since 2012 .
Earlier in the game , Brown became the first receiver in NFL history with five consecutive seasons with triple-digit receptions , breaking his tie with Marvin Harrison at four .
Brown entered the Week 15 matchup with the Patriots with 99 catches .
60,000+ Iraq , Afghanistan Vets Diagnosed With PTSD
VA Official : More Than 60,000 Iraq , Afghanistan Vets Diagnosed With PTSD
By Jason Leopold
Jonathan Schulze was awarded two Purple Hearts in 2005 after a lengthy tour of duty in Iraq .
But the Marine veteran could n't escape the war inside his head .
Drugs and alcohol temporarily numbed his pain . Yet the guilt he carried around with him having been one of a handful of soldiers in his unit to survive combat was impossible to run away from .
Schulze was suicidal .
On January 11 , 2007 , he sought treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder . His parents drove him to the VA hospital in St . Cloud , Minnesota .
Schulze told the VA staff that he `` felt suicidal , '' his mother , Marianne Schulze , recalled .
The hospital did n't admit him . Instead , he was told to call back the following day . He did . He was given a number : 26 . The VA staff told him he 'd have to wait at least two weeks to be admitted . Apparently , there were other veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan who were also suffering from PTSD . It 's unknown whether they met the same fate .
On January 16 , 2007 , Schulze placed a framed photograph of his one-year-old daughter beside him . He wrapped an electrical cord around his neck and hung himself in the basement of a friend 's house in New Prague , Minnesota . He was 25 years old .
This week , Schulze 's story is being retold in a federal courthouse in San Francisco as evidence of the widespread , systemic failures by the Veterans Administration to treat tens of thousands of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans who suffer PTSD .
Attorneys for two veterans advocacy organizations are hoping to convince a judge that a lawsuit filed against the Department for Veterans Affairs last year and several government officials associated with the VA should receive class-action status . In their lawsuit , Veterans for Common Sense and Veterans United for Truth , which represent about 12,000 veterans combined , claim Iraq and Afghanistan war vets are dying while waiting for the VA to treat PTSD and work through a backlog of at least half-a-million disability claims . The groups want Conti to issue a preliminary injunction to force the VA to immediately treat veterans who show signs of PTSD and are at risk of suicide .
PTSD is a psychiatric disorder that can develop in a person who witnesses , or is confronted with , a traumatic event . PTSD is said to be the most prevalent mental disorder arising from combat . According to the lawsuit , “ more than any previous war , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are likely to produce a high percentage of troops suffering from PTSD , ” due to the widespread use of improvised explosive devises , multiple rotations , the ambiguity of fighting combatants dressed as civilians , and the use of National Guard members and Reservists .
In their complaint , the plaintiffs ' attorneys allege that numerous VA practices stemming from a 1998 law violate the constitutional and statutory rights of veterans suffering from PTSD by denying veterans mandated medical care .
`` Because of those failures , hundreds of thousands of men and women who have suffered grievous injuries fighting in the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are being abandoned , '' states the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for Northern California . `` Unless systemic and drastic measures are instituted immediately , the costs to these veterans , their families , and our nation will be incalculable , including broken families , a new generation of unemployed and homeless veterans , increases in drug abuse and alcoholism , and crushing burdens on the health care delivery system and other social services in our communities . ''
VA attorneys had argued in court papers filed last month that Iraq and Afghanistan veterans were not `` entitled '' to the five-years of free healthcare upon their return from combat as mandated by Congress in the `` Dignity for Wounded Warriors Act . '' Rather , the VA argued , medical treatment for the war veterans was discretionary based on the level of funding available in the VA 's budget .
On Tuesday , the second day of testimony before U.S. District Court Judge Samuel Conti , Dr. Gerald Cross , the undersecretary for health at the Veterans Health Administration , made a startling admission during cross-examination by the plaintiffs ' attorneys that would appear to contradict the agency 's position .
Cross admitted that veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan were not only entitled to free healthcare , `` there is no co-pay , '' he said .
Perhaps most startling , however , was testimony by Cross stating that of the 300,000 veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars treated at VA hospitals , more than half were diagnosed with a serious mental condition , 68,000 of which were cases of PTSD .
His testimony marks the first time a Bush administration official has provided detailed information about the psychological impact of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars on combat veterans . Cross testified that five years after the invasion of Iraq , the VA has still not completed a study on the link between suicides and PTSD among combat veterans . However , he said such a study is currently in the works and may be published soon .
Paul Sullivan , the executive director of Veterans for Common Sense , Paul Sullivan , said more than 5,000 veterans commit suicide per year .
Dr. Arthur Blank , a renowned expert on PTSD who has worked closely with the VA , testified that about 30 percent of Iraqi war veterans are likely suffering from PTSD due to multiple deployments and the VA is not doing enough to care for them .
`` I think it 's because of multiple deployments , which means one is exposed to trauma over and over again , '' Blank testified .
Last week , Daniel Cooper , the VA 's undersecretary for benefits , who is named as a defendant in the lawsuit , abruptly resigned . Sullivan 's group had called for Cooper 's resignation two weeks ago in light of the huge backlog of benefits claims that have yet to be processed by Cooper 's department .
Last August , the Pentagon 's Inspector General revealed that Cooper used his government position to promote the work of a fundamentalist Christian organization , a violation of the laws governing the separation of church and state .
Cooper , and several high-ranking military officials , appeared in a promotional video for Christian Embassy , an evangelical organization that evangelizes members of the military and politicians in Washington , DC via daily Bible studies and outreach events . The group holds prayer breakfasts on Wednesdays in the Pentagons executive dining room , according to the organization 's web site .
Mikey Weinstein , the founder and president of The Military Religious Freedom Foundation , whose organization called for a federal investigation after government officials were discovered to have participated in the Christian Embassy promotional video , said Cooper is a `` disgrace . ''
`` The D in Dan stands for disgrace , '' Weinstein said in an interview . `` He 's a disgrace to the United States Naval Academy , the United States Navy , the US armed forces , the Veterans Administration , and the United States of America . Why ? Because we have him on videotape making it very clear to the world that the most important part of his job was to push the fundamentalist agenda of the Christian right over his specified duties at the Veterans Administration . Dan Cooper has used the United States Constitution as his personal roll of toilet paper . I wish him as much good fortune as he has provided to our honorable and noble veterans ; none . ''
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Jason Leopold is senior editor and reporter for Truthout . He received a Project Censored award in 2007 for his story on Halliburton 's work in Iran . Jason is the author of the National Bestseller , News Junkie , a memoir . He is the editor of BackgroundBriefing.org , a new online political magazine scheduled to launch in March . He can be reached at jasonleopold [ at ] hotmail.com .
© Scoop Media
Vancouver , B.C . – The Vancouver Canucks announced today their 2014 Training Camp will be held in Whistler , BC from September 19-22 , 2014 . Players will report to Rogers Arena on September 18th for medicals and testing , then travel up to camp . The team will return to Vancouver on September 22 .
The Vancouver Canucks Training Camp will see all on-ice practice sessions in Whistler at Meadow Park Sports Centre open and complimentary to the public . A full roster , schedule and media opportunities will be released at a later date .
The Canucks held training camp in Calgary , Alberta for its first four years in the NHL . Since then , the team has moved training camp around British Columbia to Victoria , Courtney , Powell River , Duncan , Parksville , Kamloops , Vernon and Whistler . The Canucks also held training camp in Stockholm , Sweden in 2000 .
[ Spoiler alerts : I give away the plot ]
I do n't write movie reviews because I simply do n't watch that many movies . Several people had told me that Risen was a great movie so I found time to watch it a few days ago . I really liked the first two thirds of the movie as it really shows the struggles of a soldier who is slowly coming to believe that the Resurrection might have really happened rather than the official story that the body was stolen .
About two-thirds of the way through , there is an epic climactic scene where the soldier recognizes the risen Lord is the same person that he saw crucified before . This climactic scene shows the definitive choice of the soldier . As a literary and artistic work , it would have been great to and with Jesus calling his name and maybe one 30-second scene for a dénouement , having a wide variety of choices such as the soldier walking with Jesus , the soldier preaching Jesus , the soldier 's martyrdom , or the soldier in a expressing his choice to another soldier .
Instead , the movie decides to write this soldier awkwardly into Jesus ' appearance in Galilee and his Ascension , broken by a nonsensical and cheesy scene where the Roman authorities send 100 men to search for them , they trace them to a hilltop , and one actually finds him but he is prevented from arresting them .
This reminds me a lot of the Gospel of Mark . The original version probably ended with the centurion saying “ Truly , this man was the son of God. ” ( Mark 15:39 ) The rest of Mark tries to complete the story by adding information from other places in the New Testament . This addition helps complete the story but takes the oomph out of this statement which Mark left as declarative statement intending to lead the reader to say the same . ( Note : I accept the canonical version of Mark but 15:40 onward is most likely done later to simply fill out the story . )
Now the additional information completes the Christian story but in both cases the literary unity of the work is compromised by a desire to get the whole story in . Christians want the completion of the Jesus story in the movie , so Risen gives it to them . One of the previews shown before Risen brings this out because they tell the whole story in the preview rather than leave you in suspense . Movies that are good literary works tell an engaging story but movies that try to be Christian movies first make sure the story is perfect and clean and then do n't worry about how they tell it . Why ? Their audience who wants Christian movies does n't really care . Let me tell you I care and that 's why I am more discerning to pick up a movie just because it is a “ Christian movie . ”
It 's being labeled an epidemic : alarmingly high suicide rates , homeless rates , and sex trafficking rates among LGBT youth , especially in religious homes .
To try and change the trend , a group named Faith in America walked into the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention on Friday to share a message that LGBT youth are in danger .
`` 400,000 kids are on the streets because they feel safer there than in their parent 's home , '' Robert Hoffman , interim executive director and co-chair of Faith in America , said .
According to statistics from Faith in America and the The Trevor Project , LGBT youth have been four times more likely to attempt suicide than their heterosexual counterparts , and when they 're in highly rejecting homes , including religious homes , they can be more than eight times as likely as other LGBT youth to attempt suicide .
LGBT youth also make up more than 40 percent of homeless teens in America , and LGBT children and youth have been 70 times more likely to be victims of sex trafficking .
`` We want to get the LGBT off the sin list , '' Stan Mitchell , senior pastor at GracePointe Church , said . `` We believe it is harming human beings . ''
The group had asked to take part in the conference , specifically in a breakout session regarding how to deal with homosexuality when it comes to religion , but they were turned down . That 's when the group decided to make their voices heard , both with prayer and song by singing `` Amazing Grace '' inside of the Gaylord Opryland Hotel where the conference was taking place .
`` We just wanted to remind them , folks like us who affirm the LGBT community follow the same Christ , and we sing out of the same hymnal , '' Mitchell said .
Friday 's group was filled with some who previously saw being gay as a sin , as well as those who struggled with their own journey .
`` As my faith and my own sexuality became a question for me , I experienced so much rejection from this community , '' Brandan Robertson , lead pastor at Mission Gathering Christian Church in San Diego , California , said .
Robertson , an LGBT Christian pastor , has had firsthand experience on how tough gaining acceptance in a religious community can be , but he said he believes it 's time to accept the LGBT community and treat them as equals , just as the church has done with other disenfranchised groups in the past .
`` I think that being here and having these conversations is so important because if we 're not here doing it , then nobody 's going to do it , '' Robertson said .
Faith in America has attended conferences and visited schools across the country to spread their message , and they hope eventually all religions will accept the LGBT community .
MINNEAPOLIS ( Reuters ) - At least seven people were killed on Sunday by tornadoes and violent thunderstorms spawned by a powerful spring storm system that moved across the United States ' midsection , authorities said .
A woman discards a suitcase as she cleans up after a tornado on Sunday in Parkersburg , Iowa May 26 , 2008 . REUTERS/Matthew Putney/The Waterloo Courier/Handout
In Central Iowa , the small towns of Parkersburg and neighboring New Hartford suffered direct hits in the late afternoon from at least one powerful twister , killing six people and leaving a trail of 50 to 60 splintered or flattened homes and other structures .
Rescue teams armed with listening devices and expertise in digging through debris were searching in Parkersburg , a town of 1,800 roughly 80 miles northeast of Des Moines , said Bret Voorhees of Iowa 's emergency management . Another 650 people live in New Hartford .
A two-year-old child died in Hugo , Minnesota , near Minneapolis , where dozens of homes were destroyed by what was likely a tornado , according to local media reports .
The storms fired up Sunday afternoon and brought hail and high winds on a frontal boundary from Texas to Minnesota .
The slow-moving storm system formed on the divide between warm air to the east and cool air to the west , creating ideal conditions for tornadoes . Tornado season in the United States peaks in spring and early summer but twisters also pose a threat in the fall .
Added to the two people killed on Saturday in Kansas when their car was swept up and tossed by a tornado generated by the same storm system , there have been more than 100 people killed in the United States by tornadoes so far this year .
“ We 've definitely had an unusually high death toll , which is the misfortune of having tornadoes hitting population centers , ” said Roger Edwards , a meteorologist at the Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma .
Tornadoes are blamed for an average of 54 U.S. deaths a year between 1997 and 2006 .
The Storm Prediction Center , which tracks and issues warnings for the “ Tornado Alley ” between Texas to the Upper Midwest , said there have been reports of roughly 1,000 tornadoes this season compared to 500 or 600 by this time in an average year . There may not have been that many tornadoes , though , as there can be multiple reports for a single twister .
This particular storm system produced tornadoes three consecutive days as it gradually moved east , though its intensity was expected to wane , Edwards said .
SHILOH AND THE BRICK ( Copyright held by Faith Hunter )
Part Five
The blood-servant knelt at Shiloh 's side , whispering tender words and comfort . My eyes swept across the others gathered in the doorway . The man appeared to be the oldest , and certainly the most in control . But approaching a frightened , young vamp was dangerous under any circumstances . Approaching a frightened young witch-vamp was downright suicidal .
My cell rang , blaring into the sudden silence of the room . Shiloh hissed at me and her witch energies tightened around her like a purple-green shroud . Normally , at a time like this , I 'd ignore it , but it was Leo 's ring tone , set into my cell by my partner in Yellowrock Securities , Alex Younger , as a joke . Marilyn Manson was screaming , ‘ If I Was Your Vampire ' . Not funny .
I answered , “ Now is not a good time . ”
“ You will place me on speaker phone , ” Leo said . It was a command , phrased as a request , but a command nonetheless .
I tapped the cell face and Leo said , “ Shiloh . My child . You will be calm. ” His voice filled the room , banishing the shadows of silence and fear and the tingle of witch magic . Filling the room with vamp compulsion and an odd sense of peace that even I felt . “ Shiloh , ” he repeated . “ You will be calm . ”
Shiloh took a shuddering breath , and the blackness of her eyes decreased , the scarlet sclera fading to pink and then to white . Her fangsschnicked back into her mouth on their tiny hinges .
I blew out my relief . Evan 's spell whispered away . The group of blood-servants took a collective breath , as if they had been holding theirs . The man beside Shiloh said , with the greatest of vampire formality , “ Do you need blood , my mistress ? ”
“ I … No , ” she said . “ What happened ? ”
Shiloh 's confusion was not a good sign . It spoke of rogue-status . Of vampires who lost control , draining and killing humans with the mindless hunger of the chained . Of killing for the sake of killing . And everyone in the room realized that at the same time . Even Shiloh . None of us knew what to do about it . But none of us were vamps…
Purchase links
( SHADOW RITES , book 11 in the Jane Yellowrock series , is coming out in April 2016 . Pre-order now ! )
ASD and ADHD are regarded as distinct disorders in the current DSM-5 . However , recent research and the RDoC initiative are recognizing considerable overlap in the clinical presentation of ASD , ADHD , and other neurodevelopmental disorders . In spite of numerous neuroimaging findings in ASD and ADHD , the extent to which either of the above views are supported remains equivocal . Here we compare structural MRI and DTI literature in ASD and ADHD . Our main findings reveal both distinct and shared neural features . Distinct expressions were in total brain volume ( ASD : increased volume , ADHD : decreased volume ) , amygdala ( ASD : overgrowth , ADHD : normal ) , and internal capsule ( ASD : unclear , ADHD : reduced FA in DTI ) . Considerable overlap was noted in the corpus callosum and cerebellum ( lower volume in structural MRI and decreased FA in DTI ) , and superior longitudinal fasciculus ( reduced FA in DTI ) . In addition , we identify brain regions which have not been studied in depth and require more research . We discuss relationships between brain features and symptomatology . We conclude by addressing limitations of current neuroimaging research and offer approaches that account for clinical heterogeneity to better distinguish brain-behavior relationships .
As a side note , all of this information is geared towards SL English Lang and Lit , but I 'm sure that with a few adjustments it could be applied to HL as well .
So let 's get started :
How to Structure Your Essay :
A . Introductory Paragraph
a ) Motivator ( address the question or statement )
b ) Background Summary ( brief background to the texts and authors )
c ) Thesis ( what are you trying to prove ? )
d ) Focus ( how will you prove your thesis ? This is where you state your arguments )
B . Points ( aka each body paragraph embodies this layout-aim for 3-4 paragraphs )
a ) Point ( topic sentence )
b ) Evidence ( quotation or description )
c ) Analysis ( specific focus on literary techniques )
d ) Link ( back to the topic in the question )
C. Concluding Paragraph
a ) State Thesis ( using different words/phrases )
b ) Summary of Main Arguments ( do not include new information )
c ) Clincher ( final sentence : should leave examiner satisfied you have covered all areas , but should also attempt to provoke further inquiry , or new dimension of looking at question )
If you want to see an essay that I actually wrote following this template , subscribe to our mailing list ( by going on the subscribe tab above ) because I ca n't post it here due to plagiarism concerns + functionality .
So , this is the structure you want to follow . A common query that students have is in regards to how they should mention their quotes whilst writing their essays . What I like to do is integrate them really fluidly within my paragraphs ; this takes practice , but here are a few examples below from my writing :
Natsume identifies intricacies and details in British culture that seem entirely foreign to him coming from Japan ; he notes the impeccable fashion sense that surrounds him : ‘ herds of women walk around like horned lionesses with nets on their faces ' and notices a distinct height difference ‘ but when we rush past one another I see he is about two inches taller than me ' ( Natsume in Phillips , R161 ) . Natsume 's experience as an outsider in Britain , according to Caryl Philips , ‘ helped him to become the fully mature and outstandingly gifted writer that he subsequently became ' ( Phillips , R161 ) .
I hope you can see what I 'm trying to do ; note that each quote naturally compliments the flow of the paragraph . You never need to explicitly state that you are about to use a quote ; rather , just insert it within your body as nicely as you can . I 'll be sending out more examples via email later .
The thesis statement of your essay is also extremely important ; many English teachers have told me that often to gauge a writer 's quality they examine his thesis statement . The more clear and compelling it is , the more credibility you gain as a writer in their eyes . Remember that you should be aiming to provide an argument ; otherwise , your whole essay wo n't really have any meaning or substance ( every single word you write should in some way back that thesis up ) .
Bad Thesis :
In this novel , Kanye West argues that we can not justify the usage of drones and that their increased prevalence is harmful to members of society .
Good Thesis :
Though there may be considerable advantages to the usage of drones , West attempts to demonstrate that the worrying possibilities of mass surveillance and civilian losses , specifically in regards to the recent incidents in Orange County , are ultimately too precarious a path to follow .
I 'm going to be honest : You should try to use flowery language to spice up your essays . It 's just the truth . Before you go sit that exam , go on www.thesaurus.com and try to replace some common words you 'd use with some nice , juicy ones .
In terms of transitioning between paragraphs aim to be clear and simple . ‘ It is possible to see the idea of .. ' or ‘ One argument put forward is… ' are pretty good .
Now , listen up : I 'm about to share a very valuable piece of advice with all of you :
Get your whole class to create a shared Google Doc with the following table :
Nuland attempts Kiev Version 2.0 in Skopje
After having initiated her well-planned Maidan Square uprising in Kiev in early 2014 , triggering Europe 's worst conflict in Ukraine since the Balkan Wars of the 1990s , Victoria Nuland , the Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs , recently attempted a Kiev-style putsch in Macedonia aimed at overthrowing that nation 's democratically-elected government of Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski . It is a hallmark of neoconservatives like Nuland and her arch-neoconservative husband , the Brookings Institution 's Robert Kagan , to disregard democratic elections if their candidates fail to win election . Although Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and Macedonian Prime Minister Gruevski were elected in free and fair elections , by all international metrics and norms , their governments were not as pro-NATO and pro-U.S. enough for the liking of Nuland and the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) cabalists that surround her husband .
Nuland 's tactics differed somewhat in her Ukrainian and Macedonian campaigns . Her signature challah bread offerings to protesters at Kiev 's Maidan Square took the form of unsolicited offerings to the Macedonian press suggesting that Gruevksi was wiretapping as many as 20,000 Macedonians and that a videotape proving it was secretly made by Macedonia 's George Soros-financed leader of the opposition , Zoran Zaev , in a meeting he had with Gruevski .
Nuland has been charged by Macedonian intelligence with conspiring with Zaev of the Macedonian Social Democratic Union of Macedonia ( SDSM ) , the former Communist Party that has been thoroughly co-opted by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and Soros operative . Also charged in the attempted putsch against Gruevski is Radmila Sekerinska . Zaev and Sekerinska are said by Macedonian insiders to be nothing more than fronts for former Prime Minister and President Branko Crvenkovski who continues to head up the SDSM and accept large amounts of largesse from such CIA NGO laundry operations as the National Democratic Institute ( NDI ) , National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) , Freedom House , and Soros 's Open Society Institute ( OSI ) to foment a themed revolution against Gruevksi 's right-of-center VMRO-DPMNE government .
Gruevksi , unlike many U.S.-installed and -influenced governments of the region has been reluctant to apply sanctions against Russia over Ukraine . That stance has earned the government in Skopje the enmity of the Obama administration and most notably , Nuland , whose rhetoric echoes leading neo-conservative war hawks such as Republican senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham . In fact , Nuland 's husband has the distinction of working as a foreign policy adviser for both McCain and presumptive 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
In response to Zaev 's charge that Gruevski wiretapped 20,000 Macedonians , including taping phone calls between Zaev and his young daughter , the Macedonian government charged that it was Zaev and his associates , working with a foreign intelligence agency believed to be the CIA , to overthrow Gruevski 's government . An obvious flight risk , Zaev was ordered to turn in his passport to the authorities . Others , in addition to Zaev , accused of working with the CIA to oust Gruevski include Zaev 's associates Sonja Verusevska and Branko Palifrov , as well as the former director of the Office of Security and Counter-intelligence ( DBK ) , Zoran Verusevski . Gruevski charged that Zaev threatened to disclose sensitive information about his government provided to the SDSM by the CIA , referred to as `` the bomb '' in the Macedonian media , unless Gruevski appointed a caretaker government that would lead to early parliamentary elections . Gruevski has called Zaev 's gambit nothing more than blackmail pressure in order that a snap election be called . As far as pressuring the Gruevski government to resign and call early elections , Nuland resorted to the same gambit that was used in Kiev to oust Yanukovych .
Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reporter Michael Martens , who reported on the Macedonian coup plot , claimed in an interview with Macedonian television that his initial report on the wiretapping issue had been altered by certain parties inside Macedonia . Martens said that with a population of 2 million , to wiretap 20,000 people would have even far exceed the capabilities of the East German Stasi . In any event , Martens said the 20,000 figures was not true and that Macedonian media and politicians had misquoted him and his article . However , the truth has never been on the side of provocateurs like Nuland and her neoconservative cabal of plotters and disinformation specialists .
The unapologetic foul-mouthed Nuland met on the side of the 51st Munich Security Conference in Germany with Macedonian Foreign Minister Nikola Poposki and President Gjorge Ivanov to express her displeasure at Gruevski 's insurrection charges against her friend Zaev and his SDSM co-conspirators . Earlier , Nuland had offered to mediate a long-standing dispute between Greece and Macedonia over the latter 's use of the name Macedonia , which some Greeks consider to be a solely Greek name . Macedonian observers viewed Nuland 's interest in the name dispute to be a trap that would enable a pro-U.S. government , along with the Zionist and global banker baggage that comes with any such « themed » coup d'etat , to seize power in Skopje . Nuland and her co-conspirators were hoping for a replay of Kiev in what can be termed « Kiev Version 2.0 . »
Nuland and her co-conspirators in Skopje are alarmed over the speed at which the Macedonian security services rounded up the coup plotters . Macedonian police , in raids conducted in Skopje and Veles , seized five laptop computers , three desktop computers , 19 mobile phones , 100 CDs and DVDs , 17 hard disks , and 9 savings deposit books used by the coup plotters , including a number linked to Soros-financed NGOs . The bank accounts of the plotters reportedly were flush with healthy cash deposits from the CIA as the date of the planned coup approached .
The use of social media by the Soros/CIA coup plotters should come as no surprise . Social media served at the very core of the themed revolutions sponsored by the CIA and Soros twice in Ukraine ( Orange Revolution and Euro-Maidan uprising ) , Jasmine Revolution ( Tunisia ) , Lotus Revolution ( Egypt ) , Rose Reviolution ( Georgia ) , Tulip Revolution ( Kyrgyszstan ) , and Green Revolution ( Iran ) . In the case of Macedonia , there are clear indications that the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of Democracy , Human Rights and Labor ( DRL ) Thomas Melia , responsible for DRL 's work in Europe , including Russia , as well as the Middle East and North Africa , conspired directly with Zaev to mount a coup against the Gruevski government . Melia is the former deputy director of Freedom House , a Cold War-era neoconservative bevvy of U.S. war hawks based in New York . Although founded in 1941 by such progressives as Eleanor Roosevelt , Ralph Bunche , journalist Dorothy Thompson , novelist Rex Stout ( creator of Nero Wolfe ) , and Republican presidential candidate Wendell Willkie ( who would be considered by today 's Republicans in the U.S. as a stark-raving liberal ) , Freedom House has devolved into a neoconservative chatter source having employed as their board members in recent years such war hawk cretins as Paul Wolfowitz , Ken Adelman , Zbigniew Brzezinski , Donald Rumsfeld , and Otto Reich . Freedom House has been caught red-handed funneling CIA money to opposition groups in Iran , Sudan , Russia , and China . In essence , Freedom House , like Soros 's NGOs , serves as a conduit for CIA support for rebellious opposition forces in dozens of countries around the world , countries that now include Macedonia , as well as Hungary , Venezuela , Syria , Egypt , Serbia , Jordan , Mexico , and Cuba .
What occurred in Macedonia was a classic disinformation ploy to mire the democratically-elected government in a bogus political scandal . The ploy is directly from the CIA playbook and it is now being carried out against Presidents Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina , Dilma Rousseff of Brazil , and Michelle Bachelet of Chile . All face financial scandals cooked up by the CIA and its owned and operated media in the three nations . In Macedonia , the Soros-influenced media and Radio Free Europe are part of the operation .
Nuland 's vulgar language is only matched by the vulgarity of her backroom operations to unseat democratically-elected governments . « Nuland » should become a noun meaning disgraceful diplomatic conduct , in the same manner as the terms « quisling , » meaning « traitor » and derived from the actions of Norwegian Nazi leader Vidkun Quisling , and « boycott , » meaning the cessation of all business with a targeted entity and made famous by Irish land agent Captain Charles Boycott , became part of the English language .
Story highlights Marshall University running back Steward Butler faces two counts of battery
Butler was kicked off team after being accused of assaulting a same-sex couple in West Virginia
( CNN ) Marshall University running back Steward Butler rushed for 765 yards on 87 carries with eight touchdowns his sophomore season . His 8.8 yards-per-carry average ranked third nationally .
On Wednesday , Butler was dismissed from the team after being arrested on accusations he assaulted a same-sex couple in Huntington , West Virginia , the home of Marshall .
The 23-year-old from Lakeland , Florida , was booked on two counts of battery . According to a Huntington , West Virginia , police report , Butler punched two men who exchanged a kiss on a downtown Huntington street on April 5 .
The victims , Casey Williams and Zackery Johnson , told police Butler stepped out of a car after seeing the men kiss .
Butler `` approached the two ( men ) shouting derogatory words '' before punching each of the men in the face , the police report said . The victims captured part of the assault on camera and photographed the vehicle .
Read More
Just to be clear : Donald Trump is inviting disaster with his decision on Iran .
We 've outlined this extensively over the past several days and for those interested in the background and details , you 're encouraged to read our post from Friday morning ( which includes a good Op-Ed ) as well as the following pieces :
Most of what Trump said in his speech was known ahead of time , but the rhetoric was even more inflammatory than expected .
For one thing , Trump recounted about 40 years of history in what was a rather blatant attempt to justify something that 's not justifiable on the merits . Basically , he had someone dig up each and every grievance the U.S. has ever had with the Iranians and then that was rolled up into a speech designed solely to make it seem , to Americans who do n't know any better , that his decision is n't baseless .
But of all the things he said , the biggest problem ( well , outside of throwing the entire nuclear deal into question ) is this :
TRUMP ANNOUNCES SANCTIONS ON IRAN REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS
That is just asking for trouble . Here 's the official release from Treasury .
There now appears to be some confusion :
WH tells CNN Trump IS designating IRGC terror org under `` Treasury Dept authorities '' . BUT State Dept is not designating IRGC For . Terror Org . https : //t.co/DhN2mjqJJg — Jim Sciutto ( @ jimsciutto ) October 13 , 2017
Basically , it looks like Trump is declaring the IRGC a terrorist organization but trying to hedge his bets ( as usual ) . Here 's a bit of on-the-fly color :
NSC official tells me that yes , Trump administration is now designating Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps a terrorist organization . 1/ — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) October 13 , 2017
2/ Trump administration is NOT doing so via State Department , but rather through Treasury Dept . — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) October 13 , 2017
It makes little difference . Longer-term , the nuclear deal is obviously the most important aspect of this whole debacle , but make no mistake , in the near-term , designating the IRGC as a terrorist organization is the more critical component .
It is n't about the sanctions . They 're already sanctioned . It 's about what this means for the security of U.S. personnel in the region . In that regard , the English language is not a sufficient tool when it comes to communicating how truly dangerous of a decision this is .
Say what you will about the merits , but there is no question that he has just significantly increased the danger for U.S. troops in Iraq and Syria . On top of that , he is imperiling the already tenuous effort to build a workable government in Iraq , where officials will now be forced to decide between angering Trump or angering Tehran . It is by no means clear which route they will go in that regard .
Also note that contrary to what Trump said in his speech and very much contrary to his entire “ tough on ISIS ” mantra , this actually undercuts the fight against Sunni extremism . Hezbollah and IRGC-backed militias in Syria and Iraq are the single most effective deterrent when it comes to fighting ISIS in the Mideast , with the possible exception of the Kurds . Trump is undermining that fight .
Here 's Rouhani 's official response in bullet points :
ROUHANI : TRUMP DOES N'T KNOW NUCLEAR DEAL IS N'T UNILATERAL
ROUHANI TO TRUMP : ONE COUNTRY CA N'T DICTATE TERMS OF IRAN DEAL
ROUHANI : U.S. IS NOW MORE ISOLATED THAN EVER ON IRAN DEAL
ROUHANI : REVOLUTIONARY GUARDS POPULAR AMONG IRANIAN PEOPLE
ROUHANI : WILL REMAIN IN DEAL AS LONG AS SERVES OUR INTERESTS
ROUHANI : IRAN WILL BE MUCH MORE DETERMINED TO DEFEND ITSELF
And here is the full article from Iran 's PressTV published earlier today :
Iran has lashed out at the United States for supporting terrorist groups in the region , vowing to retaliate against any action targeting its Armed Forces , including the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) . The Iranian Armed Forces , including the IRGC , are the symbol of power and defenders of security and are supported by the Iranian government and nation , an informed source at Iran 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Friday . The statement came a few hours before US President Donald Trump is expected to deliver a speech to criticize the nuclear agreement , known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) , signed between Iran and the P5+1 group of countries more than two years ago . “ Any move against the Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran , including the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps , will be met with Iran 's fitting and strong response , ” the statement added . It emphasized that Iran 's core policy is to support regional peace and stability and confront any destabilizing and divisive measures aimed at creating tensions and conflicts in the region . The statement added that a resolute fight against terrorist groups such as Daesh was among the Islamic Republic 's main priorities . “ This is while , the US policies , particularly the country 's support for terrorist groups and repressive regimes , are among the main factors behind instability in the region . The US can not shirk its responsibility by leveling accusations against others and it must answer for its wrong policies , ” it said . According to the statement , the US support for Israel and other “ repressive ” regimes in the region over the recent decades has caused war and conflicts on one hand and created “ the ominous phenomenon of terrorism ” on the other . The source warned the US that the continuation of its policy would be a “ historic strategic mistake ” and deal a heavy blow to the region and the entire world . Iran to boost defense power The statement reiterated the defensive and deterrent nature of Iran 's missile program and said the country 's missile capabilities have so far played an “ effective ” role in improving regional peace and stability . “ The Islamic Republic of Iran is serious to maintain and boost its defensive and security capabilities , and in so doing , will only pay heed to its national security considerations and the interest of the Iranian people , ” the Foreign Ministry statement pointed out . Iran 's core and constant policy is to counter weapons of mass destruction across the world and take steps towards global disarmament , it said , adding that such a policy serves as the basis for the landmark nuclear deal . It emphasized that the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , as the only authorized supervisory body , has so far verified Iran 's compliance with the JCPOA in eight reports , saying Washington 's lack of commitment to its obligations and its repeated violation of the deal 's “ spirit and letter ” were evident . Iran has a “ very broad ” range of options for any breach of the JCPOA and would “ end all its commitments in this regard if deemed necessary , ” the source added . The deal , agreed between Iran and the six permanent members of the United Nations Security Council — the United States , France , Britain , China and Russia – plus Germany lifts economic sanctions imposed in 2005 in exchange for curbs to Tehran 's nuclear program . It was later endorsed by UN Security Council Resolution 2231 . Trump has called the deal an “ embarrassment ” to the US , and is expected to refuse to certify Iran 's commitment to the deal during a White House speech later on Friday . If Trump refuses to certify the agreement , the US Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to restore the anti-Iran sanctions Washington has agreed to waive . The source also pointed to political differences between Iran and the US on many regional and international issues and said , “ The main reason behind the US rulers ' hostility towards Leader of the Islamic Revolution [ Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei ] is his anti-hegemony [ stance ] and explicit opposition to the US administration 's regional and global policies… that resulted in nothing but bloodshed and misery for world nations. ” The statement also advised the new US statesmen not to forget “ lessons ” of the past four decades . Despite the US hostile policies against Iran , including threats and sanctions , the Iranian nation has continued its patch to achieve independence and justice , it said .
New Jersey Devils co-owner Joshua Harris was straightforward when discussing the decision to hire Ray Shero to replace Lou Lamoriello as general manager .
`` We bought the team [ in August 2013 ] with the intention of winning , and obviously , the last two seasons have been disappointing to us , '' Harris said in early May . `` We want to build an elite organization , and what that means is we 're consistently in the mix and deep in the playoffs for a Stanley Cup .
`` We 're going to really put in place plans that allow us to do that . Every decision will be made around that philosophy . ''
Harris could n't have envisioned that Lamoriello , who resigned as Devils president July 23 to become general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs , would n't be around to help put those plans in place .
Before Lamoriello took the Toronto job after nearly three decades with New Jersey , it was clear Shero was calling the shots .
He hired John Hynes as coach June 2 . Hynes coached the Pittsburgh Penguins ' American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton when Shero was Penguins GM .
On July 9 , Shero announced David Conte would not return as Devils scouting director . Conte was a scout for New Jersey for 31 years .
Shero is hopeful the moves have created optimism about the future of the Devils . Here are four others :
Hynes will demand more accountability : The coach has said he will not stand for lackadaisical play ; he expects the Devils to be aggressive and attacking . He wants his veterans to help accomplish that .
`` We want to be an extremely competitive team every night , and we want to have a very good regular season , '' Hynes said . `` If you do that , you give yourself the best opportunity to advance to the playoffs . We want to be able to come together as a team and be difficult to play against , and if we play a certain way , we feel we 'll give ourselves the best chance . ''
Hynes was AHL coach of the year in 2010-11 , when Wilkes-Barre/Scranton finished a league-best 58-21-1 . He was 231-126-10-17 in five AHL seasons .
A fast , attacking style will generate more offense : The focus at training camp will be finding ways to increase offensive production to give goaltender Cory Schneider some breathing room . The Devils will try to improve their puck-possession game and have all five players involved in the offense . Hynes will stress good defensive structure and a commitment from his players to being ultra-competitive on the puck , something his AHL players did with great success .
An improving defense in front of an elite goaltender : New Jersey 's defense is led by veteran Andy Greene , who 's done a fine job working with young defensemen Adam Larsson , Eric Gelinas , Jon Merrill , Damon Severson and Seth Helgeson . The Devils were fifth in the NHL in shot attempts against ( SATA ) and sixth in SATA/60 in 2014-15 .
The free agent signing of John Moore adds depth and experience . Though Schneider was 26-31-9 last season and under pressure to be perfect most nights , he finished with a 2.26 goals-against average , a .925 save percentage , and five shutouts . Among NHL goalies who played at least 100 games the past three seasons , Schneider has a League-low 2.14 GAA and is third behind the Boston Bruins ' Tuukka Rask and the Montreal Canadiens ' Carey Price with a .924 save percentage .
Kyle Palmieri should boost the offense : Shero acquired Palmieri , who was born in Smithtown , N.Y. , and raised in Montvale , N.J. , from the Anaheim Ducks for two picks at the 2015 NHL Draft , six years after the Ducks selected him in the first round ( No . 26 ) . Palmieri should fill a need on right wing in a top-six role . The 24-year-old has 43 goals and 89 points in 198 NHL games . He 's fast , aggressive , likes to take pucks to the net and throws the body .
-- -
After having been deported eight times as an illegal immigrant , a Mexican national returned to the United States a final time and killed two women in a hit-and-run accident when he was driving while intoxicated .
‘ That was n't very damn nice . ' Carrier union leader provokes heated back-and-forth with Trump
After Miguel Angel Villasenor-Saucedo , 40 , struck and killed the two women with his truck in Louisville , Kentucky on October 22 , he fled the scene on foot .
Although he has yet to be apprehended , this week a federal grand jury indicted Villasenor-Saucedo for illegal re-entry after deportation , an offense that carries a two-year sentence .
New presidential puppy for the Trumps ? Meet ‘ Patton , ' 9-week-old Goldendoodle
The U.S. Attorney 's office for the Western District of Kentucky said in a statement :
LMPD Officers later obtained a Criminal Complaint from Jefferson County District Court charging Villasenor-Saucedo with Leaving the Scene of a Fatal Hit and Run Accident . A warrant has been issued for Villasenor-Saucedo 's arrest . Soon after the fatal accident , it was learned that Villasenor-Saucedo was a Mexican national illegally present in the United States . Upon learning of Villasenor-Saucedo 's illegal immigration status in the United States , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) office began investigating Villasenor-Saucedo and found that he had previously been deported from the United States on eight occasions and did not have lawful authority to be present in the United States .
CNN 's Jake Tapper tweeted :
DOJ : Undocumented immigrant involved in fatal Kentucky hit and run had been deported 8 times previouslyhttps : //t.co/RbCCXO66Ee — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) December 8 , 2016
Some folks thought Tapper 's use of “ undocumented ” rather than “ illegal ” amounted to putting lipstick on a pig . The concern about being politically correct did n't sit well with many :
. @ jaketapper the correct term is “ illegal ” not “ undocumented immigrant ” you biased fraud . — Raven ( @ KazeSkyz ) December 8 , 2016
@ KazeSkyz @ jaketapper Ditto . I suppose drug dealers are also just Undocumented Pharmacists — John J. Amo ( @ JohnJAmo1 ) December 8 , 2016
@ jaketapper why ca n't you say ‘ illegal ' instead of ‘ undocumented ' ? — kerry ( @ K1erry ) December 8 , 2016
Jorge Guajardo , former Mexican ambassador to China , took exception to the word “ illegal ” and was immediately sent to school .
@ jorge_guajardo @ jaketapper Actually , breaking the law is illegal . So if you are here illegally you are an illegal . Laws matter — kerry ( @ K1erry ) December 8 , 2016
Wake up right ! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
DENVER—It was supposed to be the game of Chris Harris 's career . Almost a year removed from ACL surgery , the Broncos cornerback was healthy , ready for the postseason and perfectly suited to defend his likely assignment against the Colts . “ I 'm made to cover a guy like T.Y . Hilton , ” Harris said before Denver 's Jan. 11 , 2015 divisional round game—and he was n't exaggerating . Hilton is small , quick , shifty , tenacious , the perfect complement to the Broncos ' speedy , relentless corner .
But even as the words came out of Harris 's mouth , he knew Hilton would n't be his man . The Broncos had installed their game plan , and then-defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio had assigned Aqib Talib to the Colts ' no . 1 receiver . There was nothing to do or say . Talib is one of the better cornerbacks in the game , so Harris could n't question Del Rio , and he certainly was n't going to leak his team 's game plan , however harebrained it seemed .
• NFL division previews : NFC East | NFC North | NFC South | NFC West
During the Broncos ' 24–13 loss , Hilton finished with a team-high 72 yards , and Harris , covering Reggie Wayne and Donte Moncrief , did n't allow a touchdown . That capped his perfect season—Harris was one of three corners to play more than 500 snaps in coverage and not allow a score—but it mattered little . After the game , the cornerback told the Denver Post that he felt like the Broncos ' season had been “ a waste of time . ”
In the months since , Harris 's anger has dulled , and excitement overshadows whatever disappointment lingers . Under new coach Gary Kubiak and coordinator Wade Phillips , Denver 's defense returns the bulk of its talented roster but will switch to a 3–4 scheme heavy on physicality , pressure and blitzing . That will in turn leave the Broncos ' corners on an island in man coverage , where Harris excels . He 's undersized and scrappy , fiery and competitive , the nicest guy in the locker room and the cockiest on the field—and he 's come out of nowhere to become one of the top cornerbacks in the NFL .
--
Four and a half years ago , Kansas 's best cornerback did n't get an invitation to the NFL Combine . Or to the Senior Bowl , or the East-West Shrine Game . Four years before that , the best player on Bixby ( Oklahoma ) High School 's 2006 team had exactly one offer to play in college , at a school that at the time had enjoyed a single winning season since joining the Big 12 in 1996 . And two years before that , Chris Harris was a basketball player , plain and simple .
On Dec. 15 , 2005 , Harris and his teammates held their walkthrough before the Oklahoma Class 5A football championship . The cornerback had just had a breakout season , but he seemed distracted . “ I ca n't wait for tomorrow night to be over , ” Bixby 's defensive coordinator at the time , D.J . Howell , recalls Harris telling him . “ Because then I can get back to basketball . ”
The coach was accustomed to such comments from Harris , who quit football once in middle school and pondered doing so again before his junior year of high school . The game had always come second , until the spring of 2006 . By that time , Harris had offers to play basketball at Texas A & M Corpus Christi and Tulsa , but Howell thought he could drum up interest from football programs , especially those visiting to take a look at Bixby 's standout defensive end , Jared Glover . Howell would n't let up , telling Harris he had a chance to be something special . One day , it clicked . “ I 'm a football player , are n't I ? ” Harris asked his coach , and Howell sighed with relief . “ Yes , you are . ”
From that moment , Harris honed in on football , developing the kind of technique only year-round attention to the game can grow . He 'd always been the smartest player on the field , but in his senior year , he learned the little things : the footwork , the field placement , what to look for at the snap . Meanwhile , Howell lobbied to visiting recruiters , but only Kansas 's Bill Young bit . The Jayhawks would be Harris 's only offer , and off to Lawrence he went .
Unbeknownst to Harris , Kansas was desperately seeking a second cornerback to play alongside Talib , then a hotshot senior . The school had brought in a junior college player it though could fill that role , but Kendrick Harper sustained an injury in fall camp , and soon enough , Harris , a virtual unknown , was getting his reps. “ Chris was just the most competitive guy out there , basically , ” Talib said . “ He had quick feet , and he was just so competitive , man , that was the guy I wanted to play with . I immediately started vouching for him with [ coach Mark ] Mangino . ”
• Fantasy football draft kit | POSITION PRIMERS : QB | RB | WR | TE | K | D/ST
That year , Harris started 10 games en route to the Jayhawks ' Orange Bowl berth and win over Virginia Tech . “ I thought we 'd go to a bowl every year , ” Harris said , “ but everything kind of went downhill . That was definitely tough . I would say my last two years there were probably my hardest years , because you 're in school , and you 're losing , and it 's just not fun . ”
Over his final three seasons , Kansas went 16–21 . Mark Mangino was fired after 2009 , and when Turner Gill took over , Harris moved to safety . With an eye already on the NFL , the senior thought the switch could n't hurt ; instead , he figured , it would show teams his versatility . However , February 2011 came and went without a combine invite , and Harris put all his stock in Pro Day , which about 10 scouts attended . He got good feedback , but even then , he suspected he 'd go undrafted .
He figured right . Thirty-nine cornerbacks heard their names called on the final weekend of April , but not Harris . To make matters worse , the NFL lockout resumed after the draft , so he had no chance to latch on as an undrafted free agent . Instead , he headed back to Oklahoma , but only temporarily . His plan was clear : He 'd train at his high school until the lockout lifted , and if no team called , he 'd go back to school , get a master 's degree and start coaching .
The months of working out in the sticky Oklahoma summer became monotonous . Weights , conditioning , run stadiums on Fridays . Every night , Harris would return to his mother 's house , a college graduate with his life on hold . “ I never wanted to go back to Oklahoma and get stuck there , ” Harris said . “ That was a lot of motivation to me . ”
Throughout the summer , Harris kept in touch with Howell , who , on July 26 , 2011 , received a text that read , “ I 'm going to work. ” Howell worried Harris had given up on football , that he meant a job away from the game . “ Where ? ” the coach replied . “ The Denver Broncos , ” Harris typed back .
--
Harris arrived in Denver an undrafted nobody with a chance at the Broncos ' practice squad . Within weeks , he 'd made the 53-man roster as the team 's nickel corner . As a rookie , he started four games , then 12 for the 2012 squad that lost in an upset in the AFC Championship game to Baltimore and boasted one of the NFL 's best defenses . Harris 's real breakthrough , though , came in 2013 , when he allowed just one touchdown , started 15 games and was Pro Football Focus 's eighth highest rated cornerback .
Still , the way Harris 's season ended that year in some ways negated his step into the spotlight . It was the Broncos ' first playoff game , against San Diego , and in the third quarter , he tore his ACL . Denver survived without its most reliable cornerback in the AFC Championship—thanks in part to Champ Bailey 's return from injury—but in the Super Bowl , it was eviscerated . Harris watched from the sidelines , and that night in New York , he vowed he 'd be back for Week 1 .
Against all odds , he was . In 2014 , Harris was limited for exactly one game—he played just 39 defensive snaps in the team 's season opener—and by Week 2 , he was at full strength . Harris finished the season as Pro Football Focus 's highest-rated corner , with 49 tackles , one sack , five quarterback hurries , three interceptions and 10 passes defensed . In December , he signed a five-year , $ 42.5 million extension with the Broncos , making him the highest paid undrafted corner in NFL history , and later that month , he received the team 's Ed Block Courage Award . In conjunction with the honor , coaches played a tribute video , which is when it struck many of Harris 's teammates : Their Pro Bowl cornerback had just finished the best season of his career , and he 'd barely participated in the preseason while finishing his rehab .
“ ( The video showed ) what he had to go through , what he had to come back from , the way he went after it , the tenacity that he approached it with , and the performance he 's had , ” Del Rio said last winter . “ It 's been a special year for him in a lot of different ways . ”
Even so , Harris 's Pro Bowl berth was by virtue of player and coach nominations after he was snubbed in the fan vote . When 2014 's All-Pro teams was revealed , he was again disappointed ; though he made second team , he trailed Darrelle Revis and Richard Sherman by 33 and 32 votes , respectively , marking one of the biggest gaps from first to second team at any position . And last summer , when the NFL Network revealed its Top 100 Players list , Harris was n't included . “ That 's just the story of my life , ” he said with a smile . It 's also the source of his motivation .
--
Harris is the nicest guy in any locker room . He 's always laughing , and his shrill voice cuts through the noise . He 's religious , a family man . But on the field , Harris is a terror . He talks trash . He dogs opponents . He 's pesky personified , and the worst part about it is he 's always smiling . Talib recalls a late-August afternoon at Von Miller 's house . Members of the Broncos defense were relaxing and playing an NBA 2K video game , most without much thought to lineups or matchups . Not Harris . “ Chris , he set up his defense , ” Talib said . “ He made subs . He had double-teams going to LeBron . He set up the whole game plan . He was n't going to lose . ”
How did he get that competitive ? Harris does n't know . Always been that way , he said , and relentlessness is his calling card . “ The path that Chris had to take has made him the player and the guy he is today , ” Howell said . “ He 's always been a little underrated , below the radar , and he 's had to earn it . He was better in high school than he was in youth football . He was better in college than he was a high school player , and he 's better as a pro player than he was in college . ”
That 's solely a product of Harris 's work ethic . It 's funny ; talk to anyone—teammate , coach , opponent—about the cornerback , and the word “ talent ” rarely , if ever , comes up . It 's not that Harris does n't have it , but rather that he goes so far beyond it . “ He 's got tremendous quickness , which you have to be as great as he is , ” Phillips said . “ And he 's got speed . But he 's such a great competitor . He does n't want anybody to catch anything on him , even in walk-through . … It did n't take very long to see . You toss a ball to somebody else , and he 'll knock it down . ”
With one of the most stacked secondaries in football—Denver sent Harris , Talib and safety T.J. Ward to the Pro Bowl a year ago , and second-year cornerback Bradley Roby is one of the team 's most promising young players—the Broncos will make their name this season on defense as much as they will on Manning 's modified offense . And a full 18 months removed from his injury in a defense even better suited to his strengths than the Broncos ' scheme a year ago , Harris has a chance to be better than ever before , just as he 's been every year of his football career .
Maybe the football world will take notice . Or maybe not . Harris laughs . Does n't matter . Being the underdog does n't mean he ca n't be the best .
By Brendan Fischer and Mary Bottari
State legislators attending this week 's American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) meeting in Salt Lake City will be told they can advance ALEC 's mission of `` limited government and free enterprise '' by letting `` the free market reduce smoking-related diseases , '' according to an agenda obtained by the Center for Media and Democracy .
`` Can Tobacco Cure Smoking ? '' is the title of a workshop this morning led by the tobacco industry-backed Dr. Brad Rodu , who is trained as a dentist but has the title `` Chair of Tobacco Harm Reduction Research '' at the University of Louisville , a program primarily funded by U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Co. , an ALEC member and manufacturer of smokeless tobacco brands like Copenhagen and Skoal . He is also a Senior Fellow at the Heartland Institute , the Illinois-based think tank that attracted attention earlier this year for making billboards that likened those who believe in man-made climate change to mass murderers and terrorists .
Rodu 's research supports the idea that smokers should replace cigarettes with smokeless chewing tobacco or `` snus '' moist tobacco packets -- a `` free market '' solution to reducing smoking that would allow tobacco companies to continue profiting off of addiction .
The Food & Drug Administration and health advocates have strongly opposed substituting cigarettes for smokeless tobacco because `` chew '' and `` snus '' still cause cancer and other serious diseases , and suggesting that smokeless tobacco is a safe alternative would likely lead to a rise in overall tobacco use . The risk is even more significant because tobacco companies market the product to young people with `` winter chill '' flavors and bright candy-colored packaging . Additionally , because of the low salt content , snus users do n't need to spit , making it nearly impossible to tell if a high schooler is chewing snus or Bazooka Joe bubble gum .
As CMD has reported , in May of 2011 Wisconsin Sen. Alberta Darling quietly inserted an amendment into the state budget that was virtually identical to the tobacco industry-supported ALEC model bill `` Resolution on the Enhancement of Economic Neutrality , Commercial Efficiency , and Fairness in the Taxation of Moist Smokeless Tobacco ( MST ) Products . '' The provision would change the way tobacco is taxed from a per-unit basis or a percentage of cost to a weight-based tax , which would effectively lower the price of snus and smokeless tobacco products manufactured by the big tobacco companies . The provision successfully passed after ALEC sent a letter to Wisconsin legislators supporting the amendment , but Governor Scott Walker vetoed it .
Though ALEC has been shedding corporate members in recent months as the organization has come under increasing public scrutiny ( at least 28 members have dropped so far this year ) , the tobacco industry has remained faithful . Reynolds American is a `` President '' level sponsor of ALEC 's 2012 conference ( which in 2010 cost $ 100,000 ) and Altria/Philip Morris is a `` Chairman '' level sponsor ( which in 2010 cost $ 50,000 ) . Additionally , former tobacco industry lobbyist W. Preston Baldwin III is the Chairman of ALEC 's governing Private Enterprise Board , Reynolds America lobbyist David Powers is the Board 's treasurer , and Altria lobbyist Daniel Smith is part of the Board 's Executive Committee . Additionally , Philip Morris lobbyist Brandie Davis , the Private Sector Co-Chair of the ALEC International Relations Task Force , has been named a `` Private Sector Member of the Year '' for 2012 .
Health Care Companies in Bed with Big Tobacco ?
Also paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to sponsor the ALEC meeting -- including the `` Can Tobacco Make You Healthier ? '' panel -- are companies that claim to be in business to make sick people well , such as pharmaceutical companies Bayer , GlaxoSmithKline and Alkermes , and pharmaceutical trade group PhRMA , each of which are `` Chairman '' level sponsors of this year 's meeting . The `` Chairman '' level cost $ 50,000 in 2010 , meaning these companies may have spent $ 200,000 or more cumulatively to sponsor the meeting . Bayer and GlaxoSmithKline also have representatives on the ALEC Private Enterprise Board , where they sit alongside representatives from the tobacco industry . Other health-related companies sponsoring this year 's meeting are insurance company State Farm at the $ 25,000 `` Vice-Chairman '' level , and at the $ 10,000 `` Director '' level , pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim and hospital operator Intermountain Healthcare . Despite public pressure , these groups have stood by ALEC and the tobacco industry .
Other Workshops
The `` Can Tobacco Cure Smoking ? '' workshop is one of around a dozen that state legislators can attend at ALEC 's 39th Annual Meeting , which runs July 25th through 28th at Salt Lake 's swank Grand America Hotel , the only AAA Five Diamond hotel in the city . Other workshops include `` Municipal Pension Reform '' and `` Using Non-Addictive Medication in Alternatives to Incarceration , '' and one titled `` Regulation Without Representation '' warning of how the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) `` has taken on an ardent regulatory agenda that threatens the representative nature of our government . ''
Legislators will also sit alongside corporate lobbyists on ALEC 's task forces to amend and vote on `` model '' legislation . The Commerce , Insurance , and Economic Development Task Force , for example , will discuss topics like `` the resurgence of 'right to work , ' '' getting rid of licensing restrictions for certain professions , and eliminating federal restrictions on states charging toll fees on roads . The Communications and Information Technology Task Force will discuss `` the high cost to taxpayers from municipal broadband '' and the Energy , Environment , and Agriculture Task Force `` will cover the EPA 's regulation of carbon dioxide '' as well as consider model bills like the Animal Property Protection Act and the Intrastate Coal and Use Act .
As CMD has reported , legislators will also attend corporate-sponsored parties and receptions , including an `` invitation only '' cigar reception , from 9 p.m. to midnight , hosted by one of ALEC 's major tobacco firms .
It is not yet known if `` snus '' will be on the menu .
