suspending internet services in Kashmir +
killing of Hizb terrorist Wani +
NEW DELHI : Mere hours after security forces killed Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Sabzar Ahmad on Saturday , stone-pelting protests began in at least 10 locations in south Kashmir , leading to a CRPF commandant being seriously hurt with a head injury , police sources said.Security reinforcements have since been dispatched to sensitive areas in the state . And with word that stone-pelters were mobilising through WhatsApp , the state government immediately began working on , again , a mere 12 hours after they were back up following a month-long ban.Police sources said stone-pelters were being mobilised via WhatsApp groups and were already out in force in 10 or more areas in the Valley . They added that protesters were being summoned even as the encounter with Ahmad in Saimuh , Tral , was going on and before he was killed.According to police sources , Ahmad , alias Abu Zarar , was killed after he was trapped inside a house in a cordon created by security forces . Two other terrorists , one of them a Pakistani , were trapped with him . Of the two , Faizan Muzaffar Bhatt , was also killed in the encounter , which saw exchanges of heavy fire between the terrorists and security forces.Based on specific inputs by military intelligence , the 42 Rashtriya Rifles and the Jammu and Kashmir police launched cordon and search operations in Saimuh near Hardumir , Tral , in Pulwama district at around 7:30 pm on Friday . The security forces were then fired upon while placing the cordon at around 9:15pm.Ahmad was said to be former Hizb terrorist Burhan Wani 's successor , after Zakir Musa , who took over when Wani was killed last year . Musa quit the terrorist outfit earlier this month . Wani was killed by security forces last July.With internet services back up Saturday following the month-long ban , provocateurs again took to social networking sites to fan tempers and organise stone-throwing , following news of Ahmad 's killing .. '' While the encounter was going on , stone-pelters sent audio messages via WhatsApp asking people to come out to help the trapped Hizb commander and share the message through social media . Loudspeakers were also used in some areas of Tral to reach Saimuh to help the terrorists , '' the police sources added.The government has n't yet released a statement with reasons for its decision to snap Internet services again , but this provocation could be the reason for the state government 's decision to again ban 2G , 3G and 4G internet services.On April 26 , the Mehbooba Mufti government banned 22 social networking sites and applications , including Facebook , WhatsApp and Twitter . It said it was blocking these sites because they were allegedly being misused by anti-national and anti-social elements to foment violence.The state has been plagued with violence for close to a year now , since the . Stone-throwing by protesters has created a host of problems for security forces with allegations of abuses by both sides.After Wani was killed last July , Musa succeeded him as the Hizb 's top man . Musa however quit the terrorist outfit May 13 , after the Hizb refused to back his statement warning that separatist leaders would be beheaded for calling the Kashmir issue `` political '' and not `` Islamic '' .It was after that Ahmad was named Wani 's successor .
The Sewerage & Water Board of New Orleans will suspend its practice of shutting off water to homes and businesses who have n't paid delinquent bills , said Paul Rainwater , the S & WB 's emergency management director . No one with a disputed bill will lose their drinking water until March 1 as officials assess the agency 's billing system and collection practices .
`` We 'll stop this , '' Rainwater told the agency 's board of directors Wednesday ( Nov. 15 ) . `` It 's not fair to citizens and obviously , the mayor recognizes that and you do as well . ''
The suspension was a response to resounding criticism that the Sewerage & Water Board was miscalculating what customers owed each month , resulting in astronomical jumps in rates month to month for some residents and businesses .
The moratorium is meant to give the Sewerage & Water Board time to assess how it reviews bills that balloon for customers . Under the current policy , a jump of $ 300 for residential accounts would trigger a review . But if a customer typically has a $ 60 monthly bill and that quadruples one month , that only adds up to $ 240 -- below the current threshold .
A similar situation exists for commercial properties -- a $ 500 increase -- and industrial properties -- a $ 10,000 jump .
The suspension , however , does not give customers permission to not pay their bills each month . It only applies to bills in dispute , whether through the S & WB 's automatic flagging system or questions raised by an individual customer .
Terrence Ginn , state finance and administration official working as part of the S & WB 's emergency management team , said the agency is considering switching to a percentage increase in bills as a means to trigger an internal review of its accuracy .
Rainwater said some 5,800 accounts are still under review after defects were found in how customers were billed going back to April . Officials have blamed a stumbling rollout of a new billing system and a dearth of meter readers for the problems .
New York City FC have just signed up the best young manager in MLS and now the new league team are reported to be close to securing a stadium .
Real Salt Lake boss Jason Kreis this week signed up to become NYCFC 's manager .
Now the franchise – owned by Manchester City and the New York Yankees – are reported to be on the verge of agreeing a $ 400m stadium in the Bronx , close to the home of the baseball team .
The New York Post reports that NYCFC are on the verge of a deal to build a 28,000-seat stadium just south of Yankee Stadium . The new MLS team plans to start playing games at Yankee Stadium when it joins the league in the 2015 season and move into a new stadium by 2018 or 2019 .
The Post reports that current New York mayor Michael Bloomberg has given his backing to the deal , but he will not be in charge of a final decision . Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio has yet to consider the proposals .
The stadium deal will also include GAL Manufacturing and the Bronx Parking Development Company .
Kreis led Real Salt Lake to both the MLS Cup and US Open Cup finals this season – although lost both – and won the league title in 2009 . He is expected to spend time in Manchester with the owners and working on youth development and training programmes .
I suppose Angela Merkel 's speech today to the members of the House of Commons and House of Lords was what was to be expected . High on vague sounding phrases , and low on commitment . Open Europe put out a table at the start of the week laying out where they saw scope for Anglo-German agreement ( original table here ) and I have amended the table according to what Merkel actually said .
“ Those who hoped my speech will pave the way for fundamental EU reform based on British wishes will be disappointed , ” she said , ruling out major changes to the EU Treaties – and probably the only really significant line of her speech . She had a further line on how free movement is vital , but that it must not be abused , and a whole load of pleasant sounding phrases about the competitiveness of Europe 's economy . But if you compare her speech to Open Europe 's table , it does not shape up at all well .
Video excerpts of the speech , and some background , can be found here .
Politico is running a fantastic piece on the problems that the PATRIOT Act is raising for American cloud companies in the market for overseas customers . The piece details how foreign cloud customers are worried that the US government will use its expanded surveillance powers to snoop on any data that 's stored on US soil , so they 're eschewing US-based cloud providers in favor of the competition . Non-US competitors are explicitly feeding this trend by raising the specter of US government data snooping as part of their bids for business , a tactic that seems to be working in some cases .
The piece quotes a number of lobbyists and government officials to the effect that all of this PATRIOT-based fear is just so much FUD and misinformation , but I 'm not so sure . I 've been covering the growth of covering computer-automated mass surveillance for over a decade , and cloud for the past few years , and I see the following factors as a serious problem for stateside cloud providers :
Private sector policies with respect to sharing data with law enforcement are not uniform across cloud providers , and they 're often not completely clear in how they 're stated . Nasty surprises routinely crop up in the press , where we learn that this or that company is turning over customer data to the feds . On a more general level , the US government has shown that when it comes to surveillance , it 's willing to ignore the law time and again . US government agencies do n't trust their own sensitive data to foreign clouds , and often require that such data be stored in a US-based datacenter . Contrary to what cloud companies and lobbyists would have you believe , the PATRIOT Act really does give the US government very broad powers to get their mitts on your data without you ever knowing about it .
With respect to number one above , the wide variation in different companies ' willingness to share customer data with law enforcement without putting up a fight is , fairly or unfairly , a black mark on the entire US cloud sector . Sprint , for instance , just loves to hand user data over to local , state , and federal law enforcement , so much so that it built a special portal that lets officials log in and pull down all kinds of info on millions of customers without any questioning or hand-holding from the carrier .
At the other end of spectrum is Google , which at least claims to put up a fight when the cops come snooping . But look at Google 's FAQ for Gmail security and privacy :
Like other technology and communications companies , we receive requests from government agencies around the world to provide information about users of our services and products . Like any law-abiding company , Google sometimes may be legally required to share information with law enforcement . However , before sharing any information we first scrutinize a request to make sure that it complies with both the spirit and the letter of the law—and we may refuse to produce information or try to narrow the request . When possible and legally permissible , we notify the user in order to give him or her the opportunity to object .
You 'd need a team of psychic lawyers to ferret out the precise circumstances under which your data will get handed over without your knowledge . I say “ psychic ” lawyers , because your lawyers would have to know exactly how Google 's lawyers would interpret a specific law enforcement request so that they could give you some confidence about how likely our data is to end up in the government 's hands .
As for the drumbeat of nasty surprises , one of the earliest I recall was when Wired reported that AT & T had let the NSA build a secret room in one of its network facilities , for the purpose of snooping Internet traffic . These sorts of revelations have come out steadily over the past few years , up to and including the aforementioned Sprint law enforcement portal .
Then there 's the government 's generally cavalier attitude towards the law 's limits on surveillance , which was most prominently on display in the NSA wiretapping scandal . AT & T and Verizon broke the law in giving the government access to their traffic without a warrant , and then when the whistle was blown on the whole affair Congress retroactively legalized their actions so that they could n't be sued by customers . As part of this grant of retroactive immunity , Congress also explicitly granted the NSA a free hand to spy on foreigners on American soil without any warrant or oversight .
To the fourth point above , as the Politico itself points out , there are plenty of local , state , and federal agencies in the US that wo n't permit their own data to be stored on foreign soil . This requirement is so widespread that Amazon has launched a whole cloud offering dedicated to serving agencies and contractors that have geographic requirements . So why should n't foreign governments and companies reciprocate with similar homeland-only restrictions ? If the US government does n't trust foreign cloud providers , then why should foreign customers trust US cloud providers ?
Finally , the PATRIOT act gives the feds secret powers to subpoena data from providers and to use gag orders so that those providers ca n't tell a customer that his or her data has been turned over to the authorities . The National Security Letters ( NSLs ) that the feds use to get data and impose gag orders were created by the PATRIOT Act , and a 2010 audit by the DoJ and OIG found that these letters have been massively , systemically abused by the FBI .
Ultimately , these PATRIOT act concerns around cloud computing are very real , and accusing the foreigners of FUD and ignorance is n't going to overcome the twin forces of an American government that has repeatedly shown a willingness to act outside the law and a private sector that either actively cooperates or fails to put up much of a fight . American cloud providers are now caught between these two forces , and they 'll be squeezed to our economy 's detriment .
It pains me a great deal to say this , but anyone who is concerned about having their data handed over to the feds in secret ( especially their email , which law enforcement can access without a warrant if it has been stored on a third-party server for at least six months ) has absolutely no business using a US-based cloud .
SUNY Maritime has a Man on a Mission
By Wendy Laursen 2014-12-16 10:07:50
As the new President of the State University of New York ( SUNY ) Maritime College , Rear Admiral Michael Alfultis finds himself asking a very challenging question : Will SUNY Maritime be able to continue meeting the U.S. demand for licensed mariners ?
His college , like the other five U.S. state maritime academies , has a very old vessel on which its students gain their sea time and training necessary to earn their merchant marine license and begin their careers in the maritime industry . SUNY 's Training Ship Empire State VI is 53-years-old , while the average age of the U.S. state maritime academies training vessels is 35 .
“ We have to replace these aging ships . If we do n't , we can not produce the licensed mariners that this country needs . We need licensed mariners for national security , to maintain defense readiness and to support our growing maritime industry . We are also at a critical time with an aging workforce in the maritime industry . ”
In the age of diesel engines , SUNY 's ship has a steam driven propulsion system . It has significant habitability issues and does not meet modern environmental standards for emissions to air or to sea .
The vessels used by the State Maritime Academies all are converted tankers or bulk carriers , from the U.S. inventory of ships in reserve . “ We do n't have as many vessels left in reserve any more . A lot of them have been scrapped . Of those available , the conversion to a training vessel is costly , and the return of investment relative to construction of a new vessel is less , ” says Alfultis .
Instead , he is supporting the U.S. Maritime Administration 's proposal for construction of five new-build national security , multi-mission vessels . “ The construction of these ships is a national imperative for the U.S. , and these ships will have the ability to support the nation 's humanitarian and disaster relief efforts . In both Hurricane Sandy and Hurricane Katrina , our ship and another training ship were used to provide housing and support services for 1000 federal response workers . So these new ships could be designed to fulfill two purposes : to train future licensed mariners at sea ; and support relief efforts in times of national need . We need licensed mariners . We need these ships . ”
Alfultis is new to the college this year , after serving as Director of the University of Connecticut 's Avery Point Campus . Prior to his time at the University of Connecticut , Alfultis served 28 years with the U.S. Coast Guard , retiring in 2010 as a Captain . Twenty-one of those years he served as a faculty member at the Coast Guard Academy . With more than two decades service as a faculty member at the Coast Guard Academy , he knows well the role that innovative teaching platforms such as simulators and training ships can play in higher education .
With the management change , course delivery is under review , and Alfultis sees electronic delivery as playing a greater role in reaching out both to the younger generation and to more experienced mariners continuing their lifelong education . The college currently has two post-graduate programs , and is increasing the range of refresher and specialized programs offered through its Department of Professional Education and Training .
One of the challenges the school faces is the constantly growing regulatory burden placed on mariners from IMO and U.S. regulators . With licensed mariners in increasing demand , Alfultis and his team must stay ahead of the game , “ Are we going to be able to produce enough licensed mariners ? Demand is going up , but at the same time , the regulatory overhead is making it more difficult for people to get their license . ”
2014 has been a big year for infrastructure at SUNY Maritime College with the construction of a new $ 36 million academic building , and the installation of two new radar and electronic navigation simulators and a new tug and barge simulator . On the way is a new full mission engineroom simulator and a liquid cargo handling system simulator .
Alfultis sees a promising future for SUNY Maritime with all the pieces falling into place – infrastructure improvements , strong enrollments and increasing quality of incoming students , curriculum changes , and strong industry demand for its graduates . However , the one essential piece required in order for SUNY Maritime to continue to meet the demand for licensed mariners remains a suitable replacement vessel for training 1,000 cadets each year . He knows that at a time when the U.S. federal budget is tight this is a challenge but as he says , “ What is the option ? We need licensed mariners . ”
The opinions expressed herein are the author 's and not necessarily those of The Maritime Executive .
The Batala police claim to have arrested an agent of Pakistan 's secret service agency , Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , at a naka near Purian Khurad village on Thursday . A team of Sadar police station under SHO Mukhtar Singh had set up the naka on specific inputs from officials of the Military Counterintelligence . The accused , Gurmukh Singh alias Guri , is said to be passing information on the movement of the Indian Army and location of its camps to the ISI for the past eight years .
Two mobile phones , a passport and some pictures of army camps and army vehicles have been recovered from his possession .
Talking to HT , Batala SSP Opinderjit Singh Ghuman said , “ A spy Gurmukh Singh , alias Guri , has been arrested for passing on human-intelligence pertaining to the movement of army vehicles to ISI officials . Gurmukh , of Chaamka village in Mattewal police station of Amritsar district , had visited Pakistan in 2009 and 2012 as part of a Sikh pilgrimage . There , he developed a network with ISI agents . ”
“ He had been passing on sensitive information to them for the past eight years , ” he added .
Initial investigation shows that the accused used WhatApp and Facebook to send information across . He often made calls to contacts in Pakistan . “ We are yet to ascertain what damage that the information he sent across may have done to the army , ” Ghuman added . A case under Sections 3 , 4 , 5 , 9 of the Official Secrets Act 1923 and 120-B ( criminal conspiracy ) of the IPC has been registered against him .
First Published : Dec 07 , 2017 20:06 IST
Prosper Dembedza Court Reporter
A woman scalded her husband and his younger brother with porridge after they had urinated in a pot with food , the Harare Civil Court heard yesterday . Linda Chavhunduka claimed Everisto Seka teamed up with his brother and urinated in the pot while she was cooking porridge . Seka was seeking a protection order against Chavhunduka whom he accused of scalding him with porridge . “ I am a vegetable vendor and she is in the habit of coming with policemen to seize my goods knowing fully well that we depend on that for a living , ” he said .
Seka told magistrate Mr Trevor Nyatsanza that Chavhunduka was also selling their matrimonial property and spending the money by herself .
“ I am tired of being arrested by the policemen whom she brings at my marketplace . She is fighting hard to bring down my business despite that she also survives on it , ” said Seka .
Chavhunduka denied all the other allegations except that of scalding Seka and his young brother with porridge .
“ I got angry and scalded the two with boiling porridge after they had urinated in a pot with food , ” she said .
Chavhunduka accused Seka of being in the habit of physically and verbally abusing her with obscene words in the presence of their children .
“ I also want to be protected by this court because I am sick and tired of his violent behaviour , ” said Chavhunduka .
Mr Nyatsanza dismissed Seka 's application due to lack of merit and ordered the two to go home and sort out their disputes amicably .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Here are some playable 4-note voicings . Analyze all these voicings ; most of them could be used in many ways ! For example , the 2nd voicing shown could be used as : F6/9 , Am7sus4 , Dm7sus4 , Bbmaj13 , C6/9 , F # 7alt , Gm9sus4 , and a few other things !
First , let 's harmonize the scale in 3-note voicings : Note how we automatically get triads interspersed with `` cluster '' voicings . Cool . The sound of those close intervals may take some getting used to . Bar 1 is in root position ; bars 2 + 3 are 1st and 2nd inversions . In the last bar , I spread the voicings from the first group : I moved the middle voice up to the top ( and also moved the whole voicing down an octave ) . All the inversions could be spread-voiced as well ; try it ...
For our purposes , let 's examine the A minor pentatonic scale ( A-C-D-E-G ) . Many of us first encountered this scale in a rock or blues context ; it has many other potential applications !
Most players are at least vaguely familiar with pentatonic scales . They 're used in all kinds of music all over the world . Jazz players often use a pentatonic scale as a melodic device , but overlook its harmonic possibilities . Since this scale is n't entirely made up of steps , some interesting voicings result from harmonizing it . One reason for pentatonic scales ' popularity is that they can be used over many different tonal centers without too many `` avoid notes '' , notes that sound bad against a chord . This property of the scales also makes them useful for comping .
There are others , but this 'll do for now .
Of course , it 'd be pretty tough to memorize this table , so here are a few hints .
You can use this pentatonic scale harmonically just as you might use it melodically :
A Few Hints :
 On a minor chord , you can use a minor pentatonic scale starting from the chord 's root , 2nd , or 5th .
 On a major chord , you can use a minor pentatonic scale starting from the chord 's 3rd , 6th ( or 7th for a Lydian [ # 11 ] sound ) .
 On an unaltered dominant 7th chord or 7sus4 , you can use a minor pentatonic scale starting from the chord 's 2nd , 5th or 6th .
 On an altered dominant 7th , you can use a minor pentatonic scale starting from the chord 's # 9 .
Okay , let 's look at some musical examples now .
In the first couple of examples , we 'll continue to use the A minor pentatonic over a set of changes .
Then we 'll get into mixing and matching different minor pentatonics using the guidelines above .
In example 1 , we have a common ii-V7-I progression , all handled with the A minor pentatonic scale .
Notice the ambiguous , `` open '' sound a lot of these voicings have .
Many of these voicings lack `` guide tones '' , which is OK in a group context ; someone else 'll likely be playing the guide tones .
In real life , you 'll probably find this pentatonic approach most satisfying when mixed with other types of voicings .
Too much ambiguity can get tedious eventually ...
Example 2 is a I-IV-iii-VI progression in F major . Note the # 11 sound on the IV .
Again , we 're using only voicings from A minor pentatonic .
Now we 're going to start using voicings from more than one minor pentatonic scale .
I 've labeled the scale choices ; check them against the `` hints '' above to see how I chose the scales .
Example 3 :
In spots where the harmony does n't change much , using alternate pentatonic choices can liven up the sonic landscape .
In example 4 , I used Dm , Em and Am pentatonics to play over a long stretch of D minor .
( This example 's not too interesting rhythmically ; I wanted to cram in a lot of voicings ! )
Try voicings like this next time you play `` Impressions '' or `` So What '' .
`` But , Bob , '' I can hear you saying , `` do n't all these voicings exist in the C major scale ? ''
Well , sure they do , but what makes them sound different is that we 're leaving out certain notes in the major scale ,
or , more accurately , choosing to concentrate on only some of the notes at a time .
As I implied earlier , I doubt I 'd play a whole tune using nothing but pentatonic harmony ,
but this method can open up some interesting sounds .
Used judiciously , it can provide a nice contrast to tertian [ third-based ] harmony .
Enjoy ...
Every year in comes your car insurance renewal notice . The Insurer wants to get the maximum from your policy that they can . You want to get the cheapest price for what is essentially the same product from many possible providers . And so the car insurance game begins . Insurers bank on one key fact : you 're too busy or too lazy to bother shopping around . If that 's the case , they win , big time ! If not , you have a chance of pulling a little back for yourself . Of course chances are they are still in front too ! So how do you play the game and save hundreds every year on car insurance ?
Always Be A New Customer – Loyalty is Out !
On most occasions your insurer will offer your policy for less to a new customer . I always pretend I 'm a new customer and get a quote and it 's almost always less than my renewal notice , this year being the exception . That sucks ! But it gives me great motivation to play the game , I do n't like being duded . As I said , insurers count on your apathy . If you just pay up and move on , i guarantee you 've paid too much . Loyalty is nice , but insurers gouge loyal customers to discount new ones . So always be a new customer . So what do you do next ?
Compare Prices
It only takes 3 or 4 minutes to get a car insurance quote done . Those few minutes will save you money for certain . You could go to insurance Brokers and Comparison sites like iSelect or Compare the Market . Just remember that they do n't show all insurers , just the ones paying them commissions . Some of the cheapest prices can be found outside these sites , but it 's a good start and will give you a good sense of what the market is charging .
Look For The New Players
An insurer trying to break into the market will be trying to get market share . That means one thing , cheaper premiums . So check out who 's the latest kid on the block . A while ago it was Coles and Woolies , now it 's Progressive and Bingle . Bingle were very aggressive last year and were offering huge reductions on premiums . I 've noticed that they 've come back to the field a little this year , but are still the cheapest . Now you 're armed with some quotes from other companies it 's time to save some cash .
Ask Your Current Insurer To Match Or Beat the Best Price You Found
Call up your current insurer . You can tell them that you 're not happy with your price . Nor the fact that the same policy is being offered to new customers for less . Let them know that you want to see if they can beat some quotes you 've got elsewhere . And be frank , make them know that you wo n't be hanging around if they do n't . They 'll play the game with you , send it up to the higher ups while leaving you on hold . But I 'm certain they 'll come back with a better offer . Get them to send the new offer out to you via email . They may have bettered the best price or they may still be higher . But that new lower quote is your best bargaining tool with other . So now what ?
Look For Price Beat Guarantees
Coles and Woolies are both offering this at the moment . Armed with your now cheaper car insurance renewal notice , see if any insurers will promise to price beat ( note : they 'll only beat an official renewal notice ) . Coles Insurance will beat it by $ 50 at the moment , that 's pretty substantial . Two years ago Budget offered a price beat or get $ 100 . I got $ 100 after jumping through their hoops ! So play the game and make sure all the details on your renewal notice match your quote or they wo n't honor it . Go ahead and make the call to ask for a price beat guarantee . Now your premium is really low . So is that it , you 're done . Maybe , but also keep in mind these other factors .
Look For Additional Promotions and Discounts .
Some cash back sites will give you a further reduction if you leap from their sites . You do the same thing , but start from their homepage . There are also sites that will pay you back a portion of the commissions they earn . Look out for promotions from the insurers too ! Coles offered me 10000 flybuys ( $ 50 ) to swap and that is added to the $ 50 price beat . I also have a $ 75 off Woolies promotion in my inbox . Again these can be doubled up .
Check Out Canstar and Review Sites
I always check out Canstar and makes sure that the insurer I 'm going to go with has 4 or 5 stars . That way I know I 'm not compromising too much quality for price . I also do a search for some reviews . There are always a few horror stories , but if there 's too many , I steer clear .
Play the Game Every Year
Make sure you play the game every year . If you play the car insurance game year after year , you will save hundreds , thousands over time . It means your premiums will be very low , every year . Ofcourse they up them every year too , but only by so much . I 've found that by starting at a very low base , they will only hike a certain percentage . That is , next years premium renewal is lower than it would have been . You play the game and get it even lower again . I 've actually paid less for my car insurance for 3 years running . That 's right , less ! So play the game , have some fun and do n't let insurers take you for a ride !
This Years Case Study
Last year I paid $ 439 with Bingle , which I thought was pretty good . The renewal price was $ 469 , a manageable increase . They were willing to knock a small amount off with a phone call too . Interestingly Bingle are being a little less aggressive now and a new policyholder would pay more than my current renewal . A great sign that I 've played the game well and saved a lot . Here 's a snapshot of what I could find for about the same excess from a few different companies :
Bingle $ 516.67
Progressive $ 528.48 ex $ 800
Budget Direct $ 545
Dodo $ 570
AAMI $ 578.91
Woolworths Insurance- $ 556 – $ 75 gift card promo not included .
Real $ 605.49
Allianz $ 635 ex $ 750
1st for Women – $ 694
Qbe $ 760
Maxxia $ 766
RACV $ 796.44
CGU $ 803
Coles $ 1020 ( not incl +10000 flybuys = $ 50 promotion or price beat guarantee .
Noticeably , Coles were the most expensive . I think they want everyone to call up via the price beat guarantee . So starting around $ 459 with Bingle 's best price renewal I call up Coles . I have to wait 40min as the discount is too big for the lady over the phone to do . All part of the game . There 's no way out , so they offer me $ 409 with a lesser excess of $ 750 ( $ 795 for Bingle and they needed to better it too ! ) . I make sure they apply the 10000 flybuys promotion they sent me and from which I clicked from . So effectively I 'm paying $ 359 for my insurance this year , a pretty decent discount from $ 516 if I was a first time customer taking the lowest available price . I 'm felling pretty good about the game this year . So that 's how you play the car insurance game and how you can literally save hundreds every year , compounded , year after year . You can do the same with your other insurances too .
Have fun playing the game ! If this was helpful , do n't forget to share !
Play The Car Insurance Game And Save Hundreds Every Year was last modified : by
Could a large-scale lunar base project stimulate both space and terrestrial economies ? ( credit : NASA ) Back to the future : Space and escaping the gravitational pull of economic crisis
× Anaheim Man Charged With Felony Vandalism , Inciting a Riot Outside Trump Event in Costa Mesa
A 19-year-old Anaheim man who allegedly threw an object at a CHP patrol car during a Donald Trump rally in Costa Mesa was charged Monday with felony vandalism and misdemeanor “ inciting a riot . ”
Luis Fernando Alarcon was arraigned Monday and was being held on $ 25,000 bail .
He 's the only individual out of 17 arrested who have been charged so far in the April 28 violence outside the GOP frontrunner 's campaign event at the Pacific Amphitheatre on the OC fairgrounds . Other suspects ' cases have not been submitted to prosecutors by the Costa Mesa Police Department , the Orange County District Attorney 's Office said Monday in announcing the charges .
A crowded 8,200-person rally at the amphitheater brought some 3,000 more Trump supporters than the venue could hold , as well as hundreds of anti-Trump protesters . Officers in riot gear and mounted deputies responded to the “ unruly crowds , ” a Costa Mesa Police Department news release said last week .
Alarcon was allegedly in a crowd of protesters that was blocking the street and moving toward State Route 55 . He allegedly ran toward a responding California Highway Patrol officer 's vehicle , yelling “ f— the police ” through the patrol car window .
He then reached into his pocket and hurled something at the patrol car , according to the DA 's news release .
“ The CHP officer heard a thud and observed an object that looked like a rock or roof tile fall to the ground , ” the release stated . “ As a result , the vehicle sustained damages over $ 400 . ”
Alarcon then returned to the crowd and was not immediately taken into custody because officers were working to close the freeway ramp , the DA 's release stated .
The defendant remained at the front of the crowd , yelling toward CHP officers as rocks were thrown at officers from within the crowd , according to the release . He was later arrested by CHP .
Alarcon was charged with one felony count of vandalism with damage over $ 400 , and one misdemeanor count of inciting a riot .
If convicted , he faces up to three years in jail .
[ This unedited press release is made available courtesy of Gamasutra and its partnership with notable game PR-related resource GamesPress . ]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Toronto , ON – November 30 , 2016 ( TSX : CGX ) – Cineplex announced today that it is launching a video gaming league for young people , featuring LEGO Dimensions . The family-friendly program is a new concept in Canada and is geared towards targeting a younger gaming demographic . LEGO Dimensions , the popular LEGO toy and video game hybrid , takes players on a journey through unexpected worlds featuring a number of pop culture franchises , including Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , The LEGO Movie , Harry Potter , Ghostbusters , The Lord of the Rings , and more . The new league officially begins in March 2017 and consists of four consecutive weekly sessions where LEGO fans can play and compete in-theatre on the big screen . The league is set-up so that there are no eliminations and all players , regardless of age or skill level , will be active and engaged throughout the entire season . In preparation for this family-friendly series , Cineplex Entertainment is hosting a free LEGO Dimensions Live launch event at 12 theatres across Canada on December 3 , 2016 from 12:30-3:30 p.m . In addition to being among the first to play the LEGO Dimensions Battle Arenas on the big screen , the first 50 guests at each theatre will also receive a free LEGO toy . Gamers under 14 years old must be accompanied by an adult in order to play . While this is its first foray with engaging young gamers , Cineplex , in partnership with WorldGaming , has hosted several hugely successful national gaming tournaments in-theatre , including Call of Duty : Black Ops III and Street Fighter V. After seeing the positive response from gamers as well as the popularity of The LEGO Movie in theatres , Cineplex is testing different events targeting a variety of demographics in-theatre and on the big screen . As of Saturday , December 3 , gamers can register for the season beginning in March 2017 and they will also receive a LEGO Dimensions t-shirt and lanyard ! Click here for a list of participating theatres as well as registration fees and details . -30- About Cineplex : Cineplex Inc. ( “ Cineplex ” ) is one of Canada 's leading entertainment companies and operates one of the most modern and fully digitized motion picture theatre circuits in the world . A top-tier Canadian brand , Cineplex operates numerous businesses including theatrical exhibition , food service , amusement gaming , alternative programming ( Cineplex Events ) , Cineplex Media , Cineplex Digital Media , The Rec Room and the online sale of home entertainment content through CineplexStore.com and on apps embedded in various electronic devices . Cineplex is also a joint venture partner in SCENE – Canada 's largest entertainment loyalty program . Cineplex is headquartered in Toronto , Canada , and operates 165 theatres with 1,683 screens from coast to coast , serving approximately 77 million guests annually through the following theatre brands : Cineplex Cinemas , Cineplex Odeon , Cineplex VIP Cinemas , Galaxy Cinemas , SilverCity Cinemas and Scotiabank Theatres . Cineplex also owns and operates the UltraAVX , Poptopia and Outtakes brands . Cineplex trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol CGX . More information is available at Cineplex.com . Margaret O'Donoghue Consultant [ email protected ] D : +1 416 413 4788 Hill+Knowlton Strategies 160 Bloor Street East Suite 800 Toronto , Ontario , M4W 3P7 Canada www.hkstrategies.com
This Valentine 's Day in Charlotte , Bellator 89 on Spike TV will feature the final tournament of Season 8 in the middleweight division with four quarter-final match-ups . The main event of the evening will be for the Bellator Bantamweight Championship as Eduardo Dantas puts his title on the line for the first time against the season six bantamweight tournament winner Marcus Galvao .
With an overall record of 14-2 , Dantas makes his first appearance in Bellator since becoming the champion last year . Besides making his first defense of the title , he will also be entering the cage for the first time since his loss to Tyson Nam this past summer in Brazil . Dantas ' reputation took a hit by losing away from Bellator and he has a lot to prove in this fight against the very tough Galvao .
A fellow Brazilian , Galvao enters Thursday with a record of 13-5-1 and is looking to complete his journey from tournament winner to champion . Look out for the size advantage of Dantas and how Galvao handles it as a key factor in this bout .
As stated earlier , the final tournament kick-off for Season 8 of Bellator will feature 8 quarter-finalists vying for a shot at the newly minted Bellator middleweight champion Alexander Shlemenko . The 8 men in the tournament fill out the bracket as follows ; Brian Rogers vs Dan Cramer , Brett Cooper vs Norman Paraisy , Andreas Spang vs Doug Marshall and Mikkel Parlo vs Sultan Aliev .
Parlo vs Aliev is an interesting match-up pitting two undefeated European fighters against each other . Little is known about Aliev , and Parlo has only fought once in Bellator . These two are wild cards in this tournament and could end up making some shocking upsets . Also on that side of the bracket Spang , a former tournament runner-up collides with the former WEC champion Marshall . This one should be fun with guys known for being heavy hitters at 185 .
Speaking of heavy hitters , KO of year nominee Brian Rogers returns for his third entry in a Bellator tournament against Cramer . A TUF veteran , Cramer will have a tough task facing Rogers who is arguably the biggest star in this tournament . Look for Cramer to avoid the stand-up game against the “ Predator ” who has won eight of his ten victories by knock out .
The last quarter-final is between Brett Cooper and Norman Paraisy . Since losing to now Bellator champion Shlemenko , Cooper has rattled off four wins in a row in dominant fashion , collecting two unanimous decisions and two KO 's . Paraisy has not fought since losing to eventual season six middleweight tournament winner Maiquel Falcao at Bellator 61 . Paraisy should have the better stand-up of the two but look for Cooper to try and turn this one into a wrestling match .
Unless you have romantic plans for Thursday , Bellator 89 will be must see TV with a lot of interesting fights and a lot of big names within the organization that should dazzle in their debuts for the new home of Bellator MMA in Spike TV .
It was a moment that inspired the biggest upset in modern political history : President Obama may have personally ignited the spark of Donald Trump 's presidential aspirations when he publicly ridiculed him in 2011 .
That year , Trump had dared to question Obama 's presidential eligibility and urged him to release his long-form birth certificate showing he was born in Hawaii . Eventually , the White House would release an image of what it said was the certificate .
But on April 30 , before the image was posted , Obama and TV comedian Seth Meyers poked fun of Trump at a White House Correspondents ' Dinner – and Trump was n't laughing .
Watch the 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump :
Meyers rattled off a series of jabs at the billionaire , even poking fun of his hair , as the crowd roared with laughter :
“ Donald Trump has been saying that he will run for president as a Republican , which is surprising since I just assumed he was running as a joke . ”
“ Donald Trump often appears on Fox , which is ironic because a fox often appears on Trump 's head . ”
“ If you 're at the Washington Post table with Trump and you ca n't finish your entree , do n't worry . The fox will eat it . ”
“ Gary Busey said recently that Donald Trump would make a great president . Of course , he said the same thing about an old , rusty bird cage he found . ”
“ Donald Trump owns the Miss USA Pageant , which is great for Republicans because it will streamline their search for a vice president . ”
During Meyers ' remarks , Obama can be seen laughing .
Like the reporting you see here ? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com , America 's independent news network .
Trump occasionally cracks a smile but manages to keep a straight face , watching the performance while the surrounding crowd laughs at his expense .
Then the president continued with his own speech suggesting Trump was a conspiracy theorist and mocking his qualifications for the White House :
“ Now I know that he 's taken some flak lately , but no one is happier , no one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald . And that 's because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter – like , did we fake the moon landing ? What really happened in Roswell ? And where are Biggie and Tupac ? ”
“ All kidding aside , obviously , we all know about your credentials and breadth of experience . For example , no , seriously , just recently in an episode of ‘ Celebrity Apprentice , ' at the steakhouse , the men 's cooking team did not impress the judges from Omaha Steaks . And there was a lot of blame to go around . But you , Mr. Trump , recognized that the real problem was a lack of leadership . And so ultimately , you did n't blame Lil ' Jon or Meat Loaf . You fired Gary Busey , and these are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night . Well handled , sir , well handled .
“ Say what you will about Mr. Trump , he certainly would bring some change to the White House. ” Obama then pointed to a photo on a projector screen . It showed an image of “ the Trump White House ” featuring a towering hotel , casino and golf course . The White House columns were leafed in gold , and bikini-clad women played in the North Lawn fountain .
After every crack , the crowd roared with laughter .
Fast-forward to September of this year . Trump political adviser Roger Stone told PBS ' “ Frontline ” that event marked a turning point for the future Republican nominee and president-elect .
“ I think that is the night he resolves to run for president , ” Stone said , adding , “ I think that he is kind of motivated by it : ‘ Maybe I 'll just run . Maybe I 'll show them all . ' ”
Former “ Apprentice ” contestant Omarosa Manigault , a Trump surrogate and African-American outreach director , attended the dinner that night .
She echoed Stone 's observations .
“ I thought , ‘ Oh , Barack Obama is starting something that I do n't know if he 'll be able to finish , ' ” Manigault told “ Frontline . ”
“ Every critic , every detractor , will have to bow down to President Trump , ” she said in September , predicting a Trump win .
“ It 's everyone who has ever doubted Donald , whoever disagreed , whoever challenged him — it is the ultimate revenge to become the most powerful man in the universe . ”
Obama and Meyers certainly were n't the only high-profile figures to scoff at the mere idea of a Trump presidency .
As WND reported , best-selling author and political pundit Ann Coulter appeared as a guest on HBO 's “ Real Time with Bill Maher ” on June 19 , 2015 .
Maher asked , “ Ann , which Republican candidate has the best chance at winning the general election ? ”
Coulter 's response : “ Of the declared ones ? Right now , Donald Trump . ”
The audience instantly burst out into laughter and shock .
Watch Ann Coulter 's appearance on HBO :
Denis O'Brien , Digicel founder and chairman , said that his board made the right decision to pull the company 's initial public offering on Tuesday .
`` We 're very happy that we pulled the IPO and we 'll come back to the market in time , and when the market conditions are right for our business , '' he told CNBC 's `` Squawk on the Street '' Wednesday .
The Caribbean telecommunications company that sponsors sprinter Usain Bolt and the West Indies cricket team , announced on Tuesday that it had decided to withdraw its plans to go public for now , citing `` current conditions , particularly in emerging markets . ''
Read More Albertsons IPO will be priced at ...
It is owned by Irish billionaire O'Brien and was expected to make as much as $ 2 billion from its U.S. IPO . Digicel operates different businesses including mobile phone , fixed line and cable TV in the Caribbean , Central America and the Pacific Islands . It has about $ 2.8 billion in revenue , said O'Brien .
He said that volatility , especially in emerging markets , discouraged him from pursuing the public option at this time . `` We 're not backed by private equity , it 's all owned by myself and my colleagues so we did n't need to do an IPO at any time ; it was opportunistic from our point of view , '' he said . `` We 'll come back and we do n't need any funding at the moment . It 's a great feeling not to need any funding . ''
Today , we 're revisiting a classic Monty Python skit . The scene is the 1972 Munich Olympics . The event is a football/soccer match , pitting German philosophers against Greek philosophers . On the one side , the Germans -- Hegel , Nietzsche , Kant , Marx and , um , Franz Beckenbauer . On the other side , Archimedes , Socrates , Plato and the rest of the gang . The referee ? Confucius . On May 9 , this match was recreated by The Philosophy Shop , a group dedicated to promoting philosophy among primary schoolchildren . The Telegraph gives you more details .
Meanwhile , on a more serious note , you can download free philosophy courses in audio & video . Just visit our post , Download 90 Free Philosophy Courses and Start Living the Examined Life , to get started ...
Related Content :
Monty Python 's Best Philosophy Sketches
Noam Chomsky Slams Žižek and Lacan : Empty ‘ Posturing '
Free Philosophy Courses
For most users who have discussed the multitude of peripherals on offer for PC users , Logitech is a name that features almost every time . I remember my G7 wireless mouse and G15 keyboard combination back in 2005-2006 when I was clan gaming , but Logitech 's history goes back way beyond this to some of the first early iterations of mouse design . As a result , Logitech is always on the periphery of discussions when it comes to building systems . In recent years however , Logitech 's focus has not always been obvious due to their splitting out into other segments such as audio and touch screen remote controls . That lack of focus has been examined internally and repurposed into targeting their core demographic . Now armed with their Logitech G brand for gaming for a number of quarters , Logitech invited influential media to their Daniel Borel Innovation Center in Lausanne , Switzerland , to get a taste of the company and their efforts moving forward .
Whenever the media are invited to a tech day like this , it is usually derived from the need to tell a story ( and promote products ) . Logitech has many angles for a story , but the one they want to promote is the ‘ Win with Science ' ethos . As someone with background in scientific research , it makes complete sense to me to take this approach , although it does not tell the whole story when developing a product . But Logitech is perhaps in a better position than most on this front .
Logitech is highly integrated with EPFL , the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne , a top-20 university worldwide with a focus on engineering . This gives several distinct advantages . Firstly , access to engineers and professors to collaborate on research . This means , in part , cooperating with professors with research grant funding to analyze various concepts of human interaction or developing better ways for that interaction . Secondly , it gives them access to students who have grown up with Logitech , offering a different perspective having grown up with the company in their gaming life as well as new ideas . With these in hand , when new inventions are made , it allows Logitech to invest in cross-licensing deals with the patent holders and to work closely with them for new technology . Part of this is benefited from Logitech 's testing facilities , which became part of the tour .
This mini-article from the event will cover two main topics – the tour , and the products .
The Tour
Maxime Marini , the Senior Director of Engineering , Gaming and Retail Pointing Devices at Logitech , started the day recalling Logitech 's history and work ethic . We recorded the video here , where Mr. Marini described that the company was founded in a town called Apples , and this was one of their first mice designed in 1980/81 :
As mentioned earlier , part of the design process for Logitech involves bringing in students and gamers ( see later ) to discuss and help design the products . Insert obligatory ‘ brainstorming ' interpretation :
As part of the involvement with the EPFL , Logitech sponsor a biannual LAN event as an additional source of feedback on new designs and concepts . Part of what makes a company successful is the experience and design , hence Logitech 's goal of the day to talk to the media . Mr Marini also touched upon Logitech 's manufacturing , indicating that they own their own factory in China rather than outsource to existing companies . Mr Marini was based in Asia for 10 years with Logitech , spending time at the factory actually being hands-on assembling the components and talking to line operators about process optimizations and product control . We were told that the factory in Suzhou produces 3 million products a week , shipping to over a hundred countries . I can imagine at a future date that Logitech might invite media to the factory itself in order to get an even closer look into this side of the business .
Logitech G
The focus of the day was more towards Logitech G , the gaming arm of Logitech . In a presentation by Vincent Tucker , the director of Research and Development at Logitech , he took us through the thought process behind the G range . Despite Logitech always being associated with a gaming range , over recent years they have moved into many different peripheral areas .
Some of these are areas hotly contested by bulk production companies in China , such as tablet folios and Bluetooth keyboards , but some require significant research such as audio and focused peripherals . The G branding is a refocus towards the gaming crowd , with the discussion of the day around mice and keyboards more so than audio . With this comes Logitech sponsoring professional gaming teams such as Cloud 9 and other LOL/Hearthstone players , which they had invited to the Tech Day for some Q & A and gaming later in the day .
One of Logitech 's focuses is towards MOBA gaming ( Multiplayer Online Battle Arena , or what we used to call Real Time Strategy but now controlling a single character rather than a god-view [ thanks to Murloc for the context ] ) such as League of Legends ( LoL ) and Dota 2 , as well as regular FPS and other genres . Mr Tucker described some of the processes that go towards designing a MOBA mouse , such as the G302 Daedalus Prime :
This includes analyzing where players need extra buttons , hand placement , grip type ( claw vs. finger-tip ) and the level of consistency in the clicking performance across a game . We were shown diagrams of where parts of the hand exhibit more tension for different designs as an example of the type of research Logitech performs . For wired mice it also extends to the flexibility of the cable as well . One might argue that what is good for professional gamers might not necessarily be good for general users . When this question was presented to Logitech , they answered with reference to the wired cable - where professionals prefer something simple and flexible , whereas home gamers might prefer a braided design for longevity .
Without trying to turn this into a slide fest , ultimately Logitech 's own images put it better than my phone could capture . Something such as click response over the range sounds simple enough when mentioned , although I remember devices such as my G5 having a differing click response over the range . Even my current non-Logitech mouse has an irregular click force profile over the range , though as a writer that does not affect me much , but I can understand the importance .
With the pro-gamers , we were told of the iterative design process , such as what is here above . This includes the arch position , the size of the device and even the materials used . Some gamers prefer a soft grip on the sides and hold onto their mouse tightly , whereas others keep a loose grip .
Along with function , in order for Logitech to produce a marketable product , there has to be an element of style to the device as a whole :
As part of the tour it was explained how even the presentation of the LEDs through parts of the device are modeled via ray tracing so the position of the LED can be optimized to give the glow desired .
As part of this R & D Talk , we were also introduced to the G910 Orion Spark keyboard . This keyboard was a major part of our tour , due to the new Romer G mechanical switches , but also due to the elements of design needed for it .
This means orientation of the keys ( particularly WASD ) , wrist positions depending on the type of activity , and what looks like a lot of thermal imaging to see where the stresses of long-term gaming using the device can be reduced .
The shape of the keys on the G910 were also subject to research , whereby the angled design above allows gamers to slot their fingers into position easier , especially when they need to reach over for other keys away from their normal resting place . We were told that here is another point where professional gamers and regular users differ in preference – the regular users wanted a shallower dip into the key , whereas the professional gamers were happy either way .
The Romer G switch is new for the G910 as well , being a mechanical switch similar to MX Browns but of Logitech 's own design , featuring a shorter actuation time due to the shallower actuation depth . The profile is almost identical to the Browns , requiring the same force , but narrower in terms of distance .
Aside from the force profile and the key shape , the Romer G key features a double redundancy for connection to the motherboard , a PMMA based lens for shining the LED and a Logitech designed cap . Similar to the mice , the Logitech key was designed via ray tracing to find the optimal placement for the LED and lens for full brightness coverage . This ends up being important for keyboards that have multiple characters per key but require an even brightness throughout . Overall these new keys are designed for 70 million presses each , and the fact that Logitech is the sole producer of these keys allows them to bin for accuracy and performance rather than buying batches from Cherry and binning those separately with no guarantee .
As part of the discussion we were also joined by Ujesh Desai , a veteral of marketing formerly from NVIDIA who recently took on a role at Logitech involving management , marketing and brand direction of the whole Logitech G ecosystem .
I spent a good while speaking with Mr Desai about the direction of Logitech and the importance of gaming . Despite only being in the job for a few weeks , he said that the interesting work dynamic between his old company and Logitech , and despite moving from inside the PC case to the outside there was still a focus towards the user and he is able to bring ideas to the table immediately .
Wakey , wakey
If you are anything like me ( and let 's face it , you probably are ) then you have a hard time getting up in the morning .
Your alarm clock goes off and you hit the snooze button so hard that you make it cry .
That 's right , your hatred for getting up is so great you 've somehow managed to make an inanimate object cry .
You know what would make an alarm clock better ? If instead of waking you up with a vile alarm , it woke you up with a red hot orgasm .
Good day sunshine , indeed !
Waking up on time is the worst and having an orgasm instead of grumpily turning off your alarm would be pure bliss .
Well some deviant sex genius agrees , and as such has created an alarm clock that wakes you up with a knee-shaking orgasm .
It 's called the Little Rooster , and while it may look like a high-tech spatula , it 's actually a brilliant sex toy , so hold onto your labia .
The Little Rooster
This is n't just a vibrator , it 's an alarm clock FOR YOUR PANTS . The device has 27 ultra-quiet levels of intensity ( plus three more monster-loud ones for your deep sleepers ) .
You actually wear it inside your underwear ( a potential problem for nude sleepers like me ) where a “ vibrating leg stimulates your clitoris and labia . ”
The Little Rooster sex toy knows that waking up in hard to do , so the gentle and sexy vibrations actually begin five minutes before you actually need to get your butt out of bed . The only potential problem with this thing is that you wo n't want to get up right away , but instead stay in bed savoring the sensations .
Giphy
It seems like no matter what magical iPhone app I download to try and get my butt out of bed on time , I am forever scrambling , running around my house screaming `` PANTS PANTS PANTS '' much to the consternation of my household pets .
Deleting said apps and replacing them with this orgasm-giving miracle of science seems like a genius way to go .
Plus the thing is n't even that expensive . It 's under 100 bucks , and I 'll be real , I 've paid more for sex with less of an orgasm guarantee . I kid , I kid . Or do I ? No but really I do .
All right , so it was only a straw poll conducted among viewers of yesterday 's BBC Sunday Morning Live debate programme : 95 per cent of Britons think multiculturalism has been a failure .
But as majority verdicts go , it was a pretty resounding one – and it was delivered despite the BBC 's best efforts to muddy the waters , first by wheeling out two of the nation 's Multi Culti Apologist big guns Owen Jones and Yasmin Alibhai-Brown , and second by pretending that multiculturalism means something other than what it actually means .
Multiculturalism is a very specific political philosophy which could scarcely be further removed from the idea that we should live in one big , happy , multi-ethnic melting pot and all just get along . That 's because it means the exact opposite . It 's about separatism , not integration .
It was championed from at least the 1970s onwards by effete bien-pensants like Labour MP turned Social Democrat Roy Jenkins and is essentially a manifestation of the cultural guilt and self-hatred that afflicts the left-wing chattering classes . Rather than accept the truth which to most of us is glaringly obvious – that some cultures are manifestly superior to others – it urges us all to celebrate our differences and to accept values that we may personally find alien or even abhorrent in the name of creating a fairer , more tolerant and inclusive society .
So , for example , we in liberal Western culture generally take a dim view of marrying members of your own family , female genital mutilation , forced or arranged marriages , second-class status for women , voter fraud , systematic political corruption , honour killings , the organised grooming , trafficking and rape of underage girls , and so on .
In some of our immigrant communities , though , such practices are considered more or less acceptable . ( And I 'm only using that “ more or less ” modifier out of politeness ) .
We know , for example , that two thirds of Pakistani mothers in Bradford are related to the father of their child .
We know that every year about 20,000 girls in Briton are considered “ at risk ” of female genital mutilation ( FGM ) . ( Somalis , mainly )
We know that among certain cultures – Pakistan 's , for example – that corruption is endemic . As Rod Liddle noted , Pakistani is 139th on Transparency International 's list of most corrupt countries – the higher the number , the more corrupt . And as Rochdale MP Simon Danczuk has corroborated , these practices have been “ imported ” into some of our “ northern towns and cities . ”
We know that in Britain every year at least a dozen women are victims of “ honour killings ” – and that the justice process is often hampered by the refusal of family members or people in the local community to testify in court .
And we can , I think , take with a fairly hefty pinch of salt the notion that the rape gang phenomenon is something which the broader Pakistani-Kashmiri community in Britain finds unacceptable . If this is really the case , how come it has been allowed to persist , unchecked for up to fifteen years , across Britain on an epic scale , without the perpetrators being named and shamed by their friends , families , colleagues , their community elders or their imams ?
The failure of multiculturalism is not , of course , a new thing . Some of us have been warning for years that it is a disastrous policy for various obvious reasons : it militates against social cohesion ; it violates the principle that all should be equal before the law and no groups – as contra the parallel Sharia courts now operating in Britain – should be singled out for special treatment ; it strains Britain 's culture of tolerance to breaking point , while simultaneously diluting the national character and rejecting those qualities which once made ( and still do make , up to a point ) Britain such a desirable place to live ; it makes it that much more likely that FGM , honour killings , voter fraud , rape gangs and the rest can carry on unchecked .
But these sensible arguments against multiculturalism have often been drowned out by the liberal-left either with the cry of “ racist ” or through the more subtle , but no less effective methods of distraction and dissimulation .
We saw both the latter techniques being used on BBC Sunday Morning Live . Owen Jones – fluent political operator that he is – tried to claim the moral high ground by arguing that blaming the Rotherham gang rape phenomenon on “ multiculturalism ” not only lets the perpetrators off the hook but also ignores the plight of the victims . ( Short answer : it does neither and if you believe it does Owen , you 're thick and if you 're only saying it for effect then you 're wicked . You choose ) .
Worse still , almost , was the way at one point during the multicultural debate , the show decided to canvas the opinions of two festival organisers at Mela 2014 ( “ Europe 's biggest outdoors South-Asian festival ” ) , both of whom assured us that they thought “ multiculturalism ” was a jolly good thing without for one second grappling with the philosophical or cultural implications of the term . The impression given was that to be against multiculturalism is like being against chicken tikka masala , or bhangra , or arts festivals or smiley brown skinned people or fun generally .
But multiculturalism is n't and never was a handy synonym for “ multiethnic ” . And at last , it seems , the majority of British people have twigged .
Multiculturalism is the philosophy that says the grooming , trafficking and mass rape of underage white girls by Muslim gangs is not as bad as being thought Islamophobic .
Multiculturalism is the philosophy that says it 's better to let a little African girl get tortured to death by her relatives than it is to be thought culturally insensitive or judgemental .
Multiculturalism is the philosophy whereby when , say , a grant application is made to try to save for the nation an object of incalculable heritage value like the Fourteenth Century illuminated prayer book the Macclesfield Psalter , some politically correct gimp of a grants officer asks : “ And how would this be relevant to the owner of the local Chinese takeaway ? ”
People have had enough of this nonsense . Finally .
The Championship Series began Tuesday with El Paso playing host to Oklahoma City . That means the Padres will likely be making a few callups within the next week or so .
SAN FRANCISCO -- For much of the baseball world , roster expansion is reserved for early September . This year , however , the Padres have largely chosen to wait , giving their top prospects a chance to compete in the Pacific Coast League playoffs .
SAN FRANCISCO -- For much of the baseball world , roster expansion is reserved for early September . This year , however , the Padres have largely chosen to wait , giving their top prospects a chance to compete in the Pacific Coast League playoffs .
The Championship Series began Tuesday with El Paso playing host to Oklahoma City . That means the Padres will likely be making a few callups within the next week or so .
View Full Game Coverage
`` There 's obviously a group of guys we 're strongly considering bringing up when the playoffs end there -- hopefully after they win a championship , '' said Padres manager Andy Green . `` I do n't think we 're going to be flirting with the number 40 , by any stretch , on the roster . But we 're going to add some guys , and those guys will find out after the playoffs are over . ''
Lefty reliever Buddy Baumann , outfielder Patrick Kivlehan and infielders Nick Noonan and Jose Rondon have already gotten their big league chance this season . They could very well be back with the Padres when the PCL Championship Series comes to an end .
But who might join them ? Some of the most highly touted Padres youngsters are options .
Here 's a look at a few of those big names -- and what the Padres stand to gain and lose by calling them up :
Austin Hedges : The 24-year-old backstop would appear to be a lock for a callup . As of Thursday , the Padres will have assured themselves an extra year of team control with Hedges , and service time wo n't be an issue . Plus , he 's already on the 40-man roster , and there 's plenty of playing time available with Christian Bethancourt on the disabled list and Derek Norris struggling .
Hunter Renfroe : The PCL MVP Award winner is still awaiting his big league debut , after batting .306/.336/.557 during the regular season , with a team-leading 30 home runs . He 's the Padres ' No . 3 prospect , and his resume speaks for itself . In order for Renfroe to receive a callup , the Padres would have to clear room on the 40-man roster -- something they 've indicated they 're willing to do . Renfroe is a prime candidate , given that he would need to be added during the offseason anyway -- or risk being lost to the Rule 5 Draft .
`` At this time of year you look at guys that you 've got to protect going into next season , '' Green said . `` They receive the strongest consideration because there 's an opportunity cost to adding somebody that does n't have to be protected . ''
Video : SD @ ELP : Renfroe homers twice , plates six runs
Manny Margot : Margot , the club 's No . 2 prospect , has been a force at the plate this season , batting .304/.351/.426 with 30 steals . Couple that with his elite defense and the fact that he 's already on the 40-man roster , and he 's clearly a callup candidate . That said , Margot has played more games in 2016 than he 's ever played before . At 21 , he 's already one of the youngest players in the Pacific Coast League . With Travis Jankowski and Jon Jay , the Padres appear set in center field for the rest of the season . By holding Margot back -- for a few weeks now and a few weeks early in the 2017 season -- they could gain a critical year of team control when he 's 28 and in his prime .
Video : Top Prospects : Manny Margot , OF , Padres
Carlos Asuaje : Like Renfroe , Asuaje would need to be placed on the 40-man roster . But it 's not hard to envision the Padres finding a place for their No . 20 prospect . They have to do so before the Rule 5 Draft , anyway . Asuaje won the PCL Rookie of the Year Award this season , and Green has already indicated he 'll get a chance to compete for an infield spot in Spring Training next year . The Padres might be well served to give the versatile Asuaje a sort of early tryout .
Video : Carlos Asuaje on the Futures Game
A A
SEATTLE -- An arrest has been made after one man was killed and another man was injured during a shooting in the Delridge area of West Seattle overnight , Seattle Police said .
Officers found two victims lying in the middle of the road at 23rd Avenue SW and SW Willow Street just after 1:30 a.m. on Saturday .
One of the men was pronounced dead at the scene while the other man was transported to Harborview Medical Center with life-threatening injuries , Seattle Police said . Witnesses said both men had been shot in the head .
Nigel Sinclair Hogan was arrested before noon on Saturday . Hogan was booked for Homicide and DUI charges . The Seattle Police Department has not released any information on a motive for the deadly shooting .
Police also found a parked car riddled with bullet holes at a Shell Station about a half mile away . Blood was found in the backseat of the car , and it is believed to have belonged to one of the victims .
So that was n't just a bad dream and Zack Greinke is actually going to Arizona . OK , got it . With his departure , the Dodgers are going to need to replace him . There are a lot of options to do so . There might not be another Zack Greinke in baseball , but there are enough pitchers out there to make his loss not seem so devastating .
The Dodgers ' rotation is n't as thin as it would seem , but it is certainly far from complete . Clayton Kershaw , Brett Anderson and Alex Wood are the only healthy , full-time starters on the roster . They also have Hyun-Jin Ryu , but missed the entire 2015 season with a shoulder injury . So there 's no guarantee he 'll be either as effective as he was pre-injury or effective enough post-injury . Brandon McCarthy is out until at least midseason after Tommy John surgery last season , and the same concerns that apply to Ryu apply to him .
Mike Bolsinger still exists , but he 's much better suited for swingman/spot-start work . Carlos Frias is in a similar boat , but the Dodgers might pull the plug on him in the rotation and develop him as a high-velocity reliever . Ian Thomas looks more like a reliever than a starter at this point .
On the farm , Jharel Cotton , Jose De Leon , Zach Lee , Ross Stripling and Julio Urias are all MLB-ready or near MLB-ready starting options . They 'll probably all appear in the majors at some point in 2016 , but they should n't be counted on to be starters on the active roster come April .
That 's 13 potential starting pitcher options . That is n't anything , but let 's not kid ourselves : There are only three locks for the rotation as the team currently sits . Also make no mistake : This roster will change a lot between now and when pitchers and catchers report in February .
Before we jump into the potential pitchers , let 's rule out these guys .
These guys are ruled out because they all received — and declined — qualifying offers , meaning the Dodgers would have to sacrifice their first-round draft pick to sign them . None of them are elite or near-elite , so willingly giving up the draft pick is highly unlikely .
Sources : # Dodgers reaching out today to a number of fallback starters ( Cueto , Samardzija , Kazmir ) in the event they fail to land Greinke . — Ken Rosenthal ( @ Ken_Rosenthal ) December 4 , 2015
Hisashi Iwaukuma also is on list of potential alternatives for # Dodgers , sources say – potentially high on that list . Waiting on Greinke . — Ken Rosenthal ( @ Ken_Rosenthal ) December 4 , 2015
Despite that tweet from Ken Rosenthal , I 'd be shocked if the Dodgers felt it wise to give up a draft pick for Iwakuma .
Now , onto some of the candidates .
Free agents
Henderson Alvarez
Johnny Cueto
Doug Fister
Scott Kazmir
Mike Leake
Cliff Lee
Kenta Maeda
The Dodgers are said to be “ intrigued ” by Cueto , which is n't surprising . He 's really good . Also good are Kazmir and Leake . They 're not Greinke replacements , but they 're capable pitchers . Alvarez and Lee are coming off injury-plagued seasons and might not be better than whom the Dodgers have in-house . Maeda is interesting . He projects to be a No . 4 starter , which would help to stabilize the back-end of the rotation . Fister , after four really good seasons ( 2011-14 ) , he is a pretty miserable 2015 . He might be more of a reclamation project .
The next group of guys are trade targets who have either been identified in reports as being available or would make sense to be made available . Some would cost Yasiel Puig , some would n't .
Trade targets who would n't cost Yasiel Puig
Trevor Bauer
Andrew Cashner
Gio Gonzalez
Derek Holland
Shelby Miller
Matt Moore
Tyson Ross
Danny Salazar
James Shields
Drew Smyly
Stephen Strasburg
Lots of quality arms here . Bauer and Cashner are enigmatic and not especially appealing ( Bauer is more than Cashner ) . Gonzalez is n't as good as he used to be , while Holland is in the same boat as Alvarez and Lee . Miller has been linked to the Dodgers but he wo n't cost Joc Pederson . Ross is said to have a large asking price and after the Dodgers-Padres trade last winter , it might be awhile before those two teams try to consummate a trade again . Having said that , the Padres might leap at the chance to get Shields ' salary off their books . Salazar has some of the most potential of anyone listed , but he also comes with his flaws . Smyly as the headliner in the first David Price trade and could be moved in a sell-high situation by the Rays ( even though he 's coming off bum shoulder in 2015 ) . Strasburg has ace potential , but injuries and inconsistency have held him back . He 's a free agent after 2016 and there 's zero chance he signs a long-term deal before testing free agency .
Moore is an interesting guy . He was once a top prospect who has been successful in the majors . He 's also had Tommy John and has n't returned fully to his previous form . With the Tampa Bay-Andrew Friedman connection , perhaps he 'd be the off-the-radar guy this front office could look to acquire .
Trade targets who would cost Yasiel Puig
Carlos Carrasco
Jose Fernandez
Sonny Gray
Matt Harvey
Corey Kluber
Jose Quintana
The Dodgers would be fortunate to have any of these guys . They tried for Carrasco at the trade deadline , but obviously came up short . Fernandez is or is n't available , depending on who you ask . Gray is probably the most untradeable guy I have listed in this post . Harvey was once the next big thing , now he 's just really good . The Mets need to upgrade their offense . Kluber is still one of baseball 's best pitchers and I doubt Cleveland moves him , even if it means landing Puig . Quintana is signed to an incredibly team-friendly deal ( due $ 39.15 million over the next five seasons , if his two options are exercised ) . He 'd be a tough one to get .
=====
It 's entirely possible the Dodgers do n't land a single player mentioned above . It 's also entirely possible they land a couple of them . To replace the production Greinke 's departure left , it seems they 'd need to land at least one of the guys above , if not two .
I like Fernandez the best , but he 'd also cost more than almost every pitcher listed above . Carrasco is long since a favorite of Mike 's and he would be a welcome addition . His contract status ( as well as some others ) would indicate the trading team could hold out for a substantial package . I doubt Kluber gets moved , but he 'd be a fantastic get .
Cueto is the best pitcher on the free agent market and it would n't be a surprise to see him land in LA . If they got him and Maeda , they would n't need to entertain trading Puig , Pederson or anyone else to bolster the rotation . One way or another , the Winter Meetings ( which begin Monday ) are going to be really , really fun .
A man takes a picture of blue icebergs in Jokulsarlon , Iceland , the largest glacier lagoon in the nation , on July 8 , 2014 . ( Joel Saget/AFP )
Sea levels are n't the only things rising due to climate change — swaths of land are too , including the nation of Iceland .
That 's according to a new study published by a team of geologists from the University of Arizona . According to their research , the melting of Iceland 's glaciers has reduced pressure on the ground beneath them , causing the land to “ rebound ” from the Earth 's crust .
The notion that rock rebounds is not a new one , Sigrun Hreinsdottir , one of the principal investigators on the project , explained to The Washington Post . Land in Canada and Scandinavia is still slowly rising after being pushed down by glaciers during the last ice age . More recently , there are indications parts of Alaska and Chile are also experiencing a “ rebound ” phenomenon as glaciers retreat . But if those rocks are like a memory foam mattress , remaining compressed long after the pressure on them is gone , the rising land in Iceland is like a trampoline , springing back at a rate of nearly 1.4 inches per year .
“ Iceland 's crust is showing the current response , ” Hreinsdottir said . “ It 's hard to find a more ideal place to study this . ”
( Courtesy of Sigrun Hreinsdottir )
Hreinsdottir and her colleagues identified this change by examining 20 years of GPS data from more than five dozen points around the country . The height changes they identified , which are concentrated in central Iceland , correlate almost perfectly with the loss of ice documented by glaciologists , Hreinsdottir said . As Iceland 's glaciers continue to melt — the island loses about 11 billion tons of ice per year — the already-rapid rebounding process will accelerate . Relieved of their frozen burden , parts of the country could rise as fast as 1.6 inches per year by 2025 — growing at nearly the same rate as an elementary schooler .
This height change is n't noticeable to the average human observer , but its consequences will be . Iceland sits atop one of the world 's most active volcanic hot spots , roiling with molten magma . The pressure reductions caused by the melting glaciers and rising land could create conditions that would cause mantle rocks to melt , further feeding Iceland 's already well-supplied volcanoes . Bárðarbunga , a volcano in the center of the island , has been spewing lava uninterrupted since August .
Hreinsdottir said the geological record from the end of the last ice age indicates Iceland saw an increase in volcanic activity after glaciers retreated . And the past five years have been packed with “ interesting volcanic activity , ” including Bárðarbunga and the 2010 eruption of Eyjafjallajökull , which is reported to have cost the global economy $ 5 billion .
“ You ca n't make any statistics from those few data points of course , but you do notice there might be a connection with the uplift , ” Hreinsdottir said . “ And our data does indicate that might be exactly what 's happening . ”
Bing Maps received an update that adds a slick new interface and an innovative app that calculates cab fares in major cities .
The overhauled version of Bing Maps is available now , but requires downloading the latest version of Silverlight . Also , if you 're interested in the Taxi Fare Calculator , you need to click on the `` map apps '' button at the bottom of the screen , search for Taxi Fare Calculator , and add it in . ( Click on the image to enlarge it . )
Updated Interface
The new Silverlight-powered version of Bing Maps incorporates a combination of raster tiles and vector graphics -- complementary graphical tools designed to enhance images .
Bing Maps now has shading , tones and colors that , according to the Bing blog , work with the rods and cones of your eyeballs for a more pleasant experience . Here are the examples provided :
Cool colors visually recede allowing warmer overlays to come forward -- an elegant backdrop for information delivery and helps content 'pop ' on the map
Road color provides the greatest differentiation scientifically from red , yellow , green traffic overlays
De-saturation on zoom allows more continuous transition to photographic material ( Aerial , Birdseye , Streetside ) and allows user to focus on street level detail better
Designed to work in black and white and to be differentiated by those with the most common forms of color blindness
Crisp/easy-to-read font , larger font corresponds to larger roads
Lower cognitive load -- Fewer data and clearer details
Improved international coverage : Data updates deliver improved road and street detail across Central & Eastern Europe , Middle East , Oceania and Asia
OpenStreetMap
The Bing Maps update also includes the option to download the OpenStreetMap app . OpenStreetMap is an open source , editable mapping project that allo ws you to view , edit , and use geographical data in a collaborative way from anywhere on Earth -- it 's like the Wikipedia of maps .
Wired points out that OpenStreetMap can be crucial when dealing with natural disaster response efforts such as the recent earthquake in Haiti . OpenStreetMap 's stats boast an impressive number of user contributions : the project has over a quarter of a million participants and over 1.8 billion uploaded GPS points .
App Additions
Microsoft recently launched the King of Bing Maps contest , wherein users create Bing Maps apps and vie for a winning position ( the winner will be announced on August 20 ) . Some of the contributions include the World of Football ( pulls soccer scores and zooms in on soccer fields ) , Random Location ( sends user to random location ) , and GeoSalesTax ( overlays `` heat map '' on the United States map to calculate sales tax in different regions ) .
But the best app is the Taxi Fare Calculator . Type in a route and see the cost to get from one place to another via cab . I calculated the route from two awesome Boston bars -- People 's Republik and Delux Café -- and came up with a pretty precise estimate of $ 11.69 for the trip . Since cabs and fares are usually relegated by cities , Bing Maps can provide a general ballpark figure for these trips . It also includes a `` waiting time fee '' for when the cabby is outside your apartment blaring on the horn .
Bing : Constantly Improving
Bing 's recent improvements have been impressive , and Microsoft may have a fighting chance to give Google -- specifically Google Maps -- some hearty competition . What I 'd really like to see is the Taxi Fare Calculator incorporated into Bing 's ever-improving iPhone app , as hailing cabs on your smartphone makes more sense than plotting trips from your desktop .
The fallout from the Carolina Panthers ' Week 1 loss to the Denver Broncos centered on a series of helmet-to-helmet hits absorbed by Cam Newton .
Coach Ron Rivera intimated that his quarterback does n't receive the same `` veteran favoritism '' as other established stars due to Newton 's size and physicality .
The NFL 's vice president of officiating confirmed a report by NFL Network 's Judy Battista that one of the unflagged hits on Newton should have been a penalty .
`` We reviewed all of the hits in the game , just like we do for every other game , '' Dean Blandino said on Tuesday 's edition of NFL Total Access , `` and there was one call that we felt was missed . ''
The blow in question was delivered by Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall , who launched himself into Newton , hitting the quarterback in the helmet .
While it 's true that Newton absorbs more hits than traditional dropback passers such as Tom Brady and Drew Brees , Blandino clarified that quarterbacks lose protection when they transition from passing threat to running threat .
`` It 's basically the posture will dictate his protection , '' Blandino explained . `` So if he 's in running posture , ball tucked , advancing it as a runner , he 's treated like a runner and he does n't get special protection . If he 's in a passing posture , whether he 's inside the pocket/outside the pocket , he 's still going to get passer protection -- head , neck , crown to the body -- those types of protection . So it 's the posture that dictates the protection .
`` You can be scrambling in the pocket/outside the pocket , tuck the ball and then bring the ball up to throw and throw a forward pass . So you go from a runner to a passer again , so it can go back and forth . ''
When Newton finally drew a personal foul late in the fourth quarter , many questioned why it was ruled an offsetting penalty due to his own intentional grounding infraction on the play .
In an era of heightened concussion awareness , should n't the helmet-to-helmet hit trump the intentional grounding penalty ?
`` That 's the rule , '' Blandino said . `` If it were a 5-yard penalty on the offense , say it was an illegal formation or an illegal shift , that 5-yard penalty would go away and only the 15-yard personal foul would be enforced . But if it 's a 10-yard penalty or a foul like grounding , the fouls offset . ''
In other words , the offsetting penalties are an issue decided by the NFL 's competition committee rather than the gameday officials .
Although Newton will continue to take legal hits as a runner , the controversy surrounding the 2016 NFL Kickoff should lead officials to keep a more watchful eye on his head area while he 's in the process of throwing .
HYDERABAD : Union minister Kiren Rijiju on Saturday attacked country 's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru of `` letting people of north east down '' during the 1962 India-China war , while accusing the Congress of `` forgetting '' the `` true heroes '' Subhash Chandra Bose and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel . `` After 1947 , more than 565 princely states were brought together by Sardar Patel but he did not get credit ; those who failed , unsuccessful , they kept on writing history , '' the minister of state for home , hailing from Arunachal Pradesh , said at a function organised by the BJP on the occasion of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel jayanti celebrations here.He said the Chinese seized his village during the war in 1962 and reached even up to Assam , while Nehru assured people of the region , then known as North East Frontier Agency ( NEFA ) , that `` we will save you '' but later announced `` surrender '' to Chinese on All India Radio and `` he ( Nehru ) said tata , bye , bye and left us '' .Rijiju said patriotic people of the region , however , asserted at the time that India need not surrender and `` we will not leave India and stood unitedly to remain with India '' . `` It 's a matter of regret that our Prime Minister left us ( let us down ) . Patel united the country ; the other Prime Minister ( Nehru ) left the country , surrendered the country '' , the minister said . `` This is history '' , he said alleging the Congress `` kept the true history under wraps , kept praising itself and did not take the country in the right direction '' .The minister said most people were even kept in dark about October 31 being the birth anniversary of Patel by the Congress during its regime at the Centre . He termed it an `` injustice '' and a `` big sin '' against the `` Iron Man of India '' .Rijiju said many people are not able to digest the fact that the country now has a strong Prime Minister and government and they are engaged in unleashing `` manufactured story '' against the Centre claiming threat to secular fabric .
By Miguel Rivera
If Canelo Alvarez and Gennady Golovkin reach an agreement to fight again , Golden Boy Promotions CEO Oscar De La Hoya is targeting Las Vegas as the hosting ground for the fight - despite obvious offers that are going to come in from New York City and Texas .
Golovkin and Canelo collided back in September , when they fought to a controversial twelve round split draws at Las Vegas ' T-Mobile Arena .
`` I 'm going to Canada this week , this fight ( Saturday between David Lemieux and Billy Joe Saunders for the WBO middleweight title ) is quite important because there will be another challenger for Canelo or Golovkin , so Lemieux-Saunders is a very interesting fight in the middleweight , '' De La Hoya told ESPN Deportes .
The winner of Saunders-Lemieux will be an option , but De La Hoya says Golovkin is without question the top candidate to face Canelo on the Cinco De Mayo date of May 5th .
`` The world is waiting for the rematch . For us , for Canelo , that 's the first option . I do n't think anything can stop that fight - Canelo wants the fight , Golovkin wants the fight , it 's just negotiations and I 'm confident that we can do a good deal with GGG 's promoter , '' De La Hoya stated .
And once that deal comes together , it more than likely will come right back to the T-Mobile Arena .
`` Personally and obviously we have contracts in place , the fight has to be made in Las Vegas due to the fact that you have the entertainment factor . It is also difficult [ for a lot of locations ] to host an event like this because there are not enough hotels in Dallas , for example , or hotels to see the fight on closed circuit is a big factor .. all of the entertainment for the tourists who travel to Las Vegas , there are restaurants , shows , Las Vegas is our number one option , '' De La Hoya said .
Note : Slightly larger version HERE in case you 're into deets ( that 's slang for details ) .
This is a `` paper-pieced '' Harry Potter quilt thrown SEWN together by Jennifer Offenstein ( NOT Castle Wolfenstein ) . As you might be able to see , it was hand-crafted with a love for the series and , I dunno , maybe even a little magic . Jk , jk -- we 'd have to burn her for being a witch .
This quilt is more just a million bits of fabric stitched together . It represents all the years I 've loved Harry Potter and some of my favorite things about the series . It has brought me friends , and fans , and brought more quilters that I can count into the wonderful world of paper piecing .
* wiping tear * Sorry -- it 's just that arts & crafts stories always get to me . Oooooor I was plucking nose hairs and writing Geekologie at the same time . Which one was it ? The world may never know ! SPOILER : Now my nose is bleeding .
Harry Potter Paper Piecing ( with a ton more info , plus patterns ! ! ! ! ! 11 )
via
Kickass Quilt of the Day [ thedailywh.at ]
Thanks to Denise , not to be confused with Denny 's , which is where I 'm usually puking around 4AM . And to rose , who just made her own by stapling a bunch of Harry Potter dust jackets to an afghan .
President Trump says he will nominate Christopher Wray as the new director of the FBI to fill the vacant spot left by former director James Comey , who was fired by Mr. Trump last month .
In a tweet Wednesday morning , Mr. Trump called Wray `` a man of impeccable credentials . ''
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray , a man of impeccable credentials , to be the new Director of the FBI . Details to follow . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 7 , 2017
Wray , a graduate of Yale University and Yale Law School , was nominated by President George W. Bush as Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Criminal Division and served in that position until 2005 .
After serving in the Department of Justice , Wray returned to private practice , specializing in white collar and internal investigations .
Wray helped lead the department 's efforts to address corporate fraud scandals and served on the President 's Corporate Fraud Task Force , overseeing the Enron Task Force as part of his role .
Wray was also integral in the DOJ 's response to the attacks on September 11th , 2001 , playing a role in the oversight and legal operational actions in the war on terrorism .
Wray was not part of the original short list as potential FBI directors being considered by the White House . According to a source , Christopher Wray was interviewed by Mr. Trump and his name began to emerge as strong possibility last week .
Mr. Trump 's nomination comes just one day before Comey is set to testify before the Senate Intelligence committee . An individual familiar with Comey 's thinking tells CBS News that Comey intends to present facts -- not conclusions .
Yesterday 's FIA announcement that double points will be awarded for the last race of 2014 was a worrying sign Formula One 's dependence on gimmicks has become an addiction .
It was met with howls of derision from F1 Fanatic readers . Over 300 comments , the vast majority of which sharply critical of the plan , appeared on the article in less than 12 hours .
Some expressed the hope that this was not a realistic proposal , merely an exercise in off-season headline-grabbing , such as the suggestion that artificial sprinklers could be used to create more wet weather races .
I am not so optimistic . The sprinklers plan was concocted solely by Bernie Ecclestone and mentioned to a few reporters to guarantee F1 a few column inches in the winter months .
But the plan to double points for the final race of the season was unanimously approved by F1 's new Strategy Group and the Formula One Commission , and rubber-stamped by Jean Todt himself .
“ These changes are immediately applicable , given the mandate assigned to the FIA President at the last World Motor Sport Council meeting , held on 4 December in Paris , ” the FIA press release noted . Double points for the last race of 2014 will happen unless all concerned take their sensible pills over the holidays .
The decision to devalue 18 of the 19 races on the 2014 F1 calendar was taken “ to maximise focus on the championship until the end of the campaign ” .
One would not have to be unduly cynical to note this unexpected rules change coincided with Abu Dhabi 's relocation to the end of the season . Have the Yas Marina circuit owners coughed up some extra money for a double-points end-of-season ‘ spectacular ' ?
Nor should it be forgotten that the teams ' FIA entry fees are directly linked to the number of points they score . That may diminish hopes the new rule will be weeded out before the V6 engines fire up in Melbourne in 94 days ' time .
But there remains the possibility that those in charge will realise the self-defeating folly of introducing a rule purportedly to make F1 more appealing which the vast majority of fans actively dislike .
In the social media era the FIA , FOM and teams have no excuses for failing to be aware of popular opinion . The reaction against the new rule has been voluble and extremely negative .
At the time of writing 90 % of almost 600 responses to this F1 Fanatic poll are against the plan : a point made by The Times in its story on the new rules * .
It sends a depressing signal that those in charge of F1 no long view it as a ‘ sport ' but merely as ‘ entertainment ' – something to be manipulated by any means necessary to produce a storyline .
This is why so many fans oppose the plan so strongly and will no doubt continue to put those complaints to the teams and the FIA on Twitter , Facebook and every available avenue over the coming weeks .
It is a worrying trend in the development of Formula One 's rules . When a football match ends nil-nil a cry does not go up for goals to be widened for any team which is struggling to score . Yet in DRS that was F1 's response to the difficulty of overtaking .
If a football season is decided before the concluding matches , do they increase the points for the final game ? Of course not .
Those running F1 need to have some faith in their core product , wean themselves off their addiction to gimmicks and work at the deeper problems affecting the sport . Such as the negative effect aerodynamic turbulence has always had on the racing , and why F1 has gone 18 years without a full grid of cars .
* Subscription required
Comment
Image ? � ? � Ferrari/Ercole Colombo
There was a time when an opposing manager would n't dare walk anyone to get to Alex Rodriguez .
But that time is long gone . Wednesday , Colorado manager Walt Weiss did n't hesitate to hold up four fingers with Carlos Beltran at the plate and the potential go-ahead run at second base in the eighth inning of the Yankees ' 9-8 victory at the Stadium .
Rodriguez struck out against former Mets righthander Gonzalez Germen . The Yankees captured the must-win feel game when Starlin Castro homered leading off the bottom of the ninth .
So A-Rod got to celebrate the Yankees ' first victory in four tries against the Rockies with his teammates . He was a mere footnote in the action , going 1-for-5 with three strikeouts out of the cleanup spot , and he did not appear in the postgame clubhouse .
As the Yankees approach July and the month that will decide if they are buyers or sellers , there 's another decision they may contemplate that does n't involve swinging a deal with another team .
Is A-Rod part of their future ?
Yes , we know Rodriguez is signed for next season at $ 21 million . We also know that the Yankees could afford to eat that money as easily as any team in baseball .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Ask yourself this : If the Yankees released A-Rod tomorrow , would any other team pick him up ? Perhaps his hometown Miami Marlins would because of Rodriguez 's relationship with the city and team owner Jeffrey Loria and Rodriguez 's potential appeal as a drawing card , even if he hardly played . But it 's hard to see any team needing an immobile 40-year-old designated hitter-only .
Including the Yankees .
Now , this is not a call to cut A-Rod tomorrow . He may have some life left in that bat , although he is hitting .215 with eight HRs and 25 RBIs . And he and the Yankees deserve the next five weeks to see if they can be better than they have looked over the season 's first 71 games ( 35-36 ) .
This is a realization that the same forces that will compel the Yankees to either fish or cut bait with this roster by the Aug. 1 trade deadline could give them an opportunity to cut ties with the larger-than-life but smaller-in-the-batter's-box Rodriguez .
If the Yankees and A-Rod crater in July , the focus must be on 2017 , as painful as that might be for Yankees brass to accept . Notice we did n't say “ Yankees fans , ” because the anecdotal , non-scientific evidence is most would accept a tear-down rather than watching the team limp through another one-step forward , two-steps back season .
The Yankees are n't the team of Jeter and Mariano and Pettitte . They are the team of A-Rod and Teixeira and Ellsbury and McCann now , and they are trying to transition to become the team of Castro and Didi Gregorius and any other young , athletic position players they can find .
If they sell off , then next year the Yankees can also be the team of Greg Bird and Aaron Judge and pitcher Luis Severino and whatever bounty they can get for Beltran and Aroldis Chapman and maybe even Andrew Miller .
Heck , the Yankees might be better off re-signing Beltran and letting him be the DH/father figure for that Baby Bombers bunch instead of A-Rod .
Should a diminished Rodriguez really be a part of the future because of $ 21 million that 's spent whether he picks up a bat or not for the 2017 Yankees ?
Tell you one thing : He said he does n't want to do it , but A-Rod would make a great Yankees manager . Maybe a little too soon for that idea , however .
Getty Images
It 's becoming increasingly clear that Vikings running back Adrian Peterson wants not only to be exonerated on charges that he resisted arrest in a Houston bar over the weekend , but also to demonstrate that he was the victim of mistreatment at the hands of the Houston Police Department .
The latest sign comes from a statement released by Rusty Hardin , the high-profile attorney Peterson hired today . Hardin described Peterson as a victim and suggested that his client had been manhandled by police officers for no reason at all .
“ Adrian Peterson did not resist arrest this past Saturday morning and any suggestion that he pushed , struck or shoved a Houston Police Officer is a total fabrication , ” Hardin said in a statement , via Josina Anderson of ESPN . “ He , in fact , was struck at least twice in the face for absolutely no legitimate reason , and when all the evidence is impartially reviewed , it will clearly show Adrian was the victim , not the aggressor . ”
Hardin criticized not only the off-duty police officers who were working security at the bar Peterson went to on Friday night , but also the bar itself , for saying publicly that Peterson was drunk and causing trouble at the establishment .
“ We have been investigating what happened since Saturday afternoon , and it is absolutely clear to me that the charges should not have been filed , and the Bayou Club owes Adrian an apology for having put out a totally false version of what happened , ” Hardin said . “ Adrian Peterson does not act the way he has been described in the initial reports , and he did not act that way Saturday morning . He was only in that club for 30 to 40 minutes , was never objectionable to other patrons , and never physically resisted any police officer . Adrian is extremely upset about these false allegations . These charges are totally at odds with the way he has conducted himself throughout his career , and he asks that his fans and the public at large reserve judgment until they hear all the facts . Adrian looks forward to his day in court . ”
Given Hardin 's comments , Peterson may be planning not only a day in court to face the charges of resisting arrest , but more days in court to sue the Houston Police Department .
As the protests over the Dakota Access Pipeline stretch into their seventh month , reports of brutal police attacks from the scene continue .
Most of the available video from the protests is shot and transmitted by people on the scene . But in the past week or so police behavior has been garnering major newspaper attention , and most of the information below are from such sources . But a collection of livestreams from Sunday night 's violence can be found here .
• 21-year-old protester Sophia Wilansky had her arm seriously injured Sunday by what her family and other protesters insist was a concussion grenade tossed at them by law officers .
Disturbingly graphic photos of the damage to Wilansky 's arm can be found here , not for faint of heart .
Her father Wayne Wilansky told The Guardian that :
`` The best-case scenario is no pain and 10-20 % functionality , '' ... He said ... the arteries , median nerve , muscle and bone in her left arm had been `` blown away '' . Sophia will require additional surgery in the next few days and her arm may still have to be amputated , he added . `` She 's devastated . She looks at her arm and she cries , '' he said .
Law officers denied to the Los Angeles Times that they used tossed any such thing at protesters.The Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council , reports The Guardian :
refuted law enforcement 's claims in a statement , citing eye-witness accounts of seeing police throw concussion grenades , `` the lack of charring of flesh at the wound site '' and `` grenade pieces that have been removed from her arm in surgery and will be saved for legal proceedings '' .
USA Today 's report on the injury to Wilansky .
• Law enforcement use of hoses to spray water on protesters in sub-zero [ in centigrade , but in fahrenheit merely `` below freezing '' ] temperature caused , activists insisted , 200 cases of hypothermia . The Los Angeles Times reports law enforcement 's side :
Footage of the protest from the independent news outlet Unicorn Riot showed officials specifically targeting protesters with the water cannon , though the water pressure was not turned up high enough to knock anyone down ... Water cannons have not often been used for crowd control in the U.S. in recent years . `` It 's a fairly nonstandard application , '' said Richard Odenthal , a former L.A. Sheriff 's Department captain ... Odenthal said the L.A. Sheriff 's Department had once discussed whether to adopt a water cannon for crowd control , but decided against it , citing famous footage from the 1960s of Southern police officials turning high-powered fire hoses on black protesters . `` We decided that was n't an image we wanted to portray , '' Odenthal said . Herr , the Morton County sheriff 's spokeswoman , said that a fire department had brought a water hose to help put out a brush fire and that officials at the scene decided to repurpose it against the protesters , citing `` aggression from the agitators in the camp [ who ] continued to raise their level of resistance against law enforcement . ''
• Details from The Intercept via reports from medic 's on the scene :
`` What it was like was people walking through the dark of a winter North Dakota night , some of them so cold , and sprayed with water for so long , that their clothes were frozen to their body and crunching as they walked . So you could hear this crunching sound and this pop-pop-pop , and people yelling [ to the police ] , 'We 'll pray for you ! We love you ! ' '' [ Linda ] Black Elk [ a member of the Standing Rock Medic and Healer Council ] said , describing the scene as police sprayed protesters with water and fired tear gas and rubber bullets during the more than six-hour standoff . `` All of a sudden there were these bright , blinding spotlights , so you could see each other , but you could n't see [ the police ] , '' she said . `` Every once in awhile you could hear someone scream who had been hit by a rubber bullet . '' In the midst of the clash , the Medic and Healer Council , which was set up to provide health support to those fighting the pipeline , released a statement pleading with police to halt the use of water cannons . `` As medical professionals , we are concerned for the real risk of loss of life due to severe hypothermia under these conditions , '' the statement said .
The Intercept does a better job contextualizing the actual physical circumstances than most major newspaper reports :
The standoff [ Sunday night ] began after pipeline opponents attempted to use a semitruck to remove two charred military vehicles from a bridge . The vehicles were serving as a blockade between the large encampment known as Oceti Sakowin , which has served as a base for blocking the pipeline , and construction sites accessible farther down the highway . Beyond the burned-out vehicles stood cement road barriers topped with razor wire , behind which police and other security officials have been standing guard since the end of October . Their presence means a detour for those traveling between the Standing Rock Sioux reservation and the city of Bismarck , including emergency medical services
The police defended their use of what they called not a `` water cannon '' but a mere `` fire hose '' because protesters had been `` very aggressive '' and allegedly were throwing projectiles at them . ( See picture above . )
The Guardian reports that the police defended the initial use of the fire hose as needed to put out fires started by the protesters . Jade Begay , a spokeswoman for the Indigenous Environmental Network , characterized those fires to the paper as `` two bonfires to keep people warm and make soup and tea . Other fires were sparked by law enforcement weapons , she added . ''
The New York Times reported yesterday on 16 more arrests made since Sunday night 's water attack and notes both police and protesters are leveling charges of mutual violence against each other , with police saying rocks and logs were being thrown at them .
• Police last month arrested a protester named Red Fawn Fallis after claiming she shot at officers , while in a scrum with them as they tried to detain her .
The Guardian reports how her friends doubt the story , and how the police are in no hurry to present any evidence for it :
local police had arrested Fallis and charged her with attempted murder , saying that she had pulled out a .38 revolver and fired three gunshots at police during another mass arrest incident . The Morton County sheriff 's office has held up the charges as an example of what it says is the violent and illegal behavior of Native American protesters .... But Fallis 's close friends and supporters [ say ] the firearm accusations were inconceivable .... the sheriff 's office alleged that Fallis resisted arrest and fired three shots , causing the ground to `` explode '' . No one was injured ....
Can the police corroborate their story ?
Asked for copies of any footage of the arrest or photos of the firearm , a spokeswoman for the sheriff said : `` That is all evidence that will not be released until the investigation is complete . ''
Friends insist she herself advised others on the scene to stay `` peaceful and prayerful '' and they can not believe she would have violated native elder insistence that no one involved be armed .
More of the police 's account of what happened at Heavy , including that Fallis `` told Probation and Parole that 'they are lucky she did n't shoot 'all you f—kers . ' She then requested an attorney , the complaint says . ''
• The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) is petitioning `` the DOJ to investigate possible constitutional violations and suspend police use of federally supplied military equipment . '' on the scene .
Among the practices the ACLU reports as troublesome :
A group of more than 100 YouTube stars is calling on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to preserve its net neutrality rules , which are in the process of being repealed .
In an open letter posted Thursday , 132 internet entertainers said eliminating the rules could imperil their industry .
“ Online video traffic already represents over 70 % of all global web traffic and is estimated to grow to over 80 % of all traffic by 2020 , ” the letter reads .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our rapidly growing industry employs hundreds of thousands of people and yet it barely existed more than a decade ago . As creators in this fast-moving industry , changes to the existing Net Neutrality rules would have an outsized impact on our field and jeopardize our livelihood . ”
Among the acts signing the letter are Benny Fine of Fine Brothers Entertainment , a group that runs a popular comedy video channel on YouTube and other platforms . The Fine Brothers have 15.7 million subscribers on YouTube alone .
Also signing on to the letter is Dane Boedigheimer , whose web series the Annoying Orange has nearly 6 million Youtube subscribers .
All together , the signees reach a collective audience of 160.6 million people , according to the Internet Creators Guild , which organized the letter .
The letter is addressed to Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai , whose proposal to do away with the net neutrality rules ' legal framework is currently in a public comment period .
“ We 're in this for the long-haul . We will fight for as long as it takes to convince you and your colleagues to oppose any legislation or regulatory changes that would threaten real , enforceable Title II net neutrality , ” the group writes .
“ These protections promote cultural and economic freedoms that drive creativity , job creation , and investment in broadband — and , importantly , prevent telecom monopolies from controlling what we see , hear , and create on the Internet . ”
Why “ Vote With Your Wallet ” Does n't Mean Much
miscu~ Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 17 , 2015
With Grand Theft Auto V seeing a round of re-releases on the new generation of consoles as well as PC , I again made an impulse purchase on the game for the latter platform ( having previously bought it at the original last-gen release ) . Which is a little weird , considering I did n't actually enjoy it that much when I played it for the first time .
I found it to be a game absolutely obsessed with itself in a number of ways . It repeated GTA IV 's reliance on trawling for ages around a huge map , as if the very act of experiencing the world was tantamount to doing interesting things in it . And It 's childish , nihilistic worldviews only came off as scared to take a hard stance on anything than the socially-enlightened jester it wants to be .
Just gon na put in pretty screenshots . Cool ? Cool .
Still though , I never got to properly finish the story ( due to a catastrophic save bug that hit me during the launch woes , wiping out about a dozen+ hours of my progress ) , and the GTA Online infastructure — one that contains the lion 's share of the game 's better concepts — seems to function better without being dragged down by the restraints of now-chunky last generation hardware .
This second time I purchased it , there was this…for lack of a better word , guilt to the experience . I knew full well the game 's issues with obnoxious content padding emblematic of AAA-gaming , horrible marginalization of oft-victimized social groups , and lack of much in the way of originality . And I think I know where this feeling comes from .
“ Vote With Your Wallet ” is a bit of rhetoric I hear bandied about with startling frequency when it comes to the more critical discussions surrounding high budget , high profile games in the industry . It 's not restricted to the medium of games , but that 's what we 'll be focusing on here .
Before proceeding , it should be stated that this phrase has multiple applications , sometimes used justifiably to question why someone would continue to support brands they know will disappoint them — the types that might buy the new Call of Duty or Assassin 's Creed year over year despite hating the franchises — and sometimes to express naive protest in the belief that withholding their $ 60 will actually make a considerable difference , though that 's another subject entirely .
The application of the phrase I 'm describing is one that is brought up as a counter to constructive criticism of a game or other media , though someone does n't necessarily have to use the phrase to invite the idea ; it 's roughly analogous to statements like “ if you do n't like it , why 'd you buy it ” , etc .
It probably goes without saying that the idea 's usage is a reactionary one , trying to reshape the theater of discussion to one that specifically excludes conflicting ideas , akin to other anti-intellectual tripe like “ you 're a girl so you ca n't comment on Men 's Games™ ” or “ only ~hardcore gamers~ can appreciate this game for what it is ” .
Despite the obvious intent behind the statement , it 's still important to deconstruct that intent and why it undermines the pretensions of debating in good faith . In a post-GamerGate world , it 's paramount to put a spotlight on the numerous lazy standbys gamer “ culture ” falls back on in order to avoid combating real constructive criticism of games .
At the heart of the “ Vote With Your Wallet ” logic , there 's this thought process that once money has changed hands and someone has received their product , it means they have essentially “ approved ” the game by rewarding the creators with their own funds . To then disapprove of the game is to renege on that implicit contract previously deeming the product as good .
I purposely emphasize the word “ product ” there , because of how closely this ties into the “ games as boxed products ” worldview that games critic Chris Franklin illustrated extremely well . By viewing games as purely products instead of pieces of art ( though to be fair , there ARE games which have no reservations of being anything other than boxed products ) , then someone effectively ca n't critique it because the term “ product ” has such an air of built-in expectations to it .
“ You knew what you were getting , so why are you surprised that you did n't like it ? ” is what that view is communicating . That the decision to purchase a game calls your judgment into question if you should ever then choose to challenge or critique it . Even though it 's the intellectual equivalent of kicking out someone 's legs if they lament having to take a long walk , because by that logic it 'd be foolish to complain about walking since that 's what your legs are for .
To be more specific , it 's singling out a largely irrelevant prerequisite to experiencing a game , and using it to try and invalidate the critique rather than engage that critique directly . Because engaging critique would suggest that , yes , it 's totally valid and they are n't wrong in criticizing the game , but validating it would mean accepting that a game might be flawed on some level .
I could go on and speak of how this view basically says that no game can be criticized because you 'd generally need to actually purchase a game in order to give it proper critique , but that 'd be stating the obvious and getting into consumerist territory that has already been exhaustively discussed by writers far more talented than myself .
Going back to my double-dip of GTA V , it 's unfortunate that this kind of rhetoric I 've spent paragraphs tearing into still does influence my mindset when purchasing a game , because I still do subconsciously think of games as products sometimes . I know that this is a flawed game , and yet I 'm willingly choosing to buy it and somehow giving implicit support to Rockstar 's creation by throwing another $ 60 into their endless money font .
Again , this is n't a blanket judgment against anyone choosing not to personally finance what they find to be harmful media , regardless of if their investment in it will have any demonstrable result or not . My main reason for writing this is that I reject the idea that a person purchasing a piece of media should disqualify them from speaking on it in any negative way whatsoever .
Art should not be defined by what it took to experience it , but by the experience itself .
NBA free agency begins July 1 and the Sixers have plenty of money to spend .
With No . 1 pick Markelle Fultz in the fold alongside Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid , the Sixers have big pieces in place . Now Bryan Colangelo and company will look to complement them with the right players .
After looking at a few veteran free agents on Tuesday , we 'll take a closer at the guards who could interest in the Sixers .
J.J. Redick
Redick has seemingly been the most popular guard linked to the Sixers this offseason . It makes sense . The Sixers need shooters and that 's Redick 's forte . Redick has shot 42 percent from three during his 11-year career . He 's finished in the top five in three-point percentage in each of the last three seasons , including shooting a league-leading 48 percent in 2015-16 .
He 'll also add a veteran presence on a remarkably young team . He did just turn 33 , but if the Sixers can front-load his deal , it could align with when the team is starting to become a contender . Defense is also a concern . Redick is adequate at best in that department . Plus his playoff resume has a lot to be desired .
Arron Afflalo
Afflalo might not be as prolific as Redick from three , but he 's no slouch . He 's shot at least 40 percent from downtown in six different seasons , including last season ( 41 percent ) . He 's a little more versatile offensively as well , with the ability to score in different ways .
Afflalo is also a little on the older side at 31 and not the greatest defender . He 's coming off a down year , which you could attribute to playing on an awful Kings team . Then again , the down year could lower his price tag .
C.J . Miles
Miles seems like he 's been in the league forever but he 's just 30 years old . He came to the NBA directly from high school and it took him some time to find his niche . But he 's certainly found it as a three-and-D floor spacer .
Miles might actually be the best fit for the Sixers at two guard/small forward . He shot a career-high 41 percent from three last season on 5.4 attempts a game . Miles is n't a game changer and wo n't break the bank , but he 's a solid piece whose skill set would complement the current roster extremely well .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope
This is where things could get a little interesting . Caldwell-Pope is already a strong defender with a budding offensive game . His shot is still a work in progress . He shot a career-high 35 percent from three and also knocked down 83 percent of his free throws last season . But he was arrested for a DUI back in March and will be suspended for the first two games of 2017-18 .
He 's a restricted free agent who the Pistons might have trouble hanging on to . He could get a max offer from a team like the Nets ( if his off-the-court incident does n't scare them off ) . The Sixers should at least make a phone call . The eighth overall pick in 2013 , Caldwell-Pope has plenty of potential . If his shot continues to develop , he could give the Sixers a young , formidable starting five .
Ben McLemore
The pick right before Caldwell-Pope in 2013 , McLemore has never lived up to the billing of being the seventh overall pick . McLemore has averaged 9.4 points per game in his four-year career , but has improved his three-point percentage in each season .
Like Afflalo , it 's hard to know if McLemore 's lack of success is fully on him . Sacramento is a place where prospects go to die ( hopefully not this year because I really love De'Aaron Fox and Harry Giles ) . McLemore is also restricted , but with Fox and Buddy Hield — the prize of the Boogie Cousins trade — the Kings appear to be set in their backcourt . Again , McLemore was a high pick who produced at a high-level college program . He might be worth rolling the dice on .
Male ducks have some of the weirdest junk in nature—a ludicrously long , corkscrew-shaped member that evolved on account of an ongoing battle of the sexes . New research shows that the social environment in which the male duck finds himself in has a pronounced effect on the length of his penis , a finding that may finally put the “ size matters ” debate to rest . For ducks .
When it comes to sex , male and female ducks are locked in an intense sexual conflict that has led to some seriously weird genitals on both sides . Typically , female ducks pair off with a preferred mate during the breeding season , but they also get harassed by guys who do n't take the hint . Scientists estimate that a third of all duck matings are forced , leading to a genital arms in race in which the the twisted configuration of the female reproductive tracts , or oviducts , restore female choice . While the male 's corkscrew-shaped penis twists in a clockwise fashion , the female oviduct twists in the opposite direction . The result is that the majority of forced copulations do n't lead to fertilization .
Advertisement
Given the extent of this genital arms race , Patricia Brennan , an ornithologist at Mount Holyoke College , hypothesized that intense male-on-male competition may affect the development and shape of a penis over the course of a male duck 's lifetime . And so she conducted an experiment , the results of which now appear in The Auk : Ornithological Advances .
Brennan 's experiment involved two species , the very promiscuous Ruddy Duck and the pair-bonding Lesser Scaup . As would be expected , Ruddy Ducks have long members , whereas Lesser Scaups , as their name unintentionally suggests , do not . The researchers studied captive ducks of both species across two breeding seasons at the Livingston Ripley Waterfowl Conservancy in Litchfield , Connecticut , USA .
Advertisement
During the mating season , male ducks were either kept together with other males ( the experimental group ) or with a single female ( the control group , lucky them ) . When measuring the male penises afterwards , the researchers found that the Lesser Scaup featured longer penises on average when housed with other males . This implies that Brennan 's hypothesis of “ phenotypic plasticity of penis morphology ” was correct , but things were a bit more complicated for the Ruddy Duck .
For Ruddy Ducks , the act of being housed with other males caused some to experience growth and reproductive delays . Many Ruddy Ducks failed to reach sexual maturity until the second year of the experiment ( most Ruddy ducks typically reach sexual maturity at two years , but fewer reached maturity at one year than normal ) . When they finally did , the smaller Ruddy Ducks males housed in male groups grew their penises faster than males housed with a mate—but their dicks grew out of sync with each other , staying in a reproductive condition for only short periods of time .
Advertisement
This “ lack of sync , ” both in terms of delaying sexual maturity and penis growth , may have something to do with the intense level of male-on-male competition . By offsetting their reproductive potential , the ducks were making the best of a bad situation . They were n't all becoming sexually competitive for females at the same time , giving the smaller ducks a slight reproductive chance , rather than none at all .
“ This is an excellent experimental study of penis morphology , looking at the effects of social environment on penis size in two duck species that have different mating systems , ” said Bob Montgomerie of Queen 's University , an expert on reproductive strategies who was not involved in the study .
The study shows that the level of competition between males can have a pronounced effect on their genitals . But in the grand scheme of things , it 's not immediately clear if these enhanced males are any luckier when it comes to reproduction .
Advertisement
“ The question now is whether the observed increase in penis size in Lesser Scaup under the threat of sperm competition actually gives males a competitive advantage , ” said Montgomerie in a statement . “ Like all good studies , this one will undoubtedly stimulate more research , as it provides both methodologies and a clear focus on interesting questions . ”
In other words , the mysteries of duck penises live on .
[ The Auk : Ornithological Advances ]
Despite absorbing MeeGo , learning to run Android apps and pushing through a significant UI overhaul , devices running Tizen are notoriously hard to come by . Developers eyeing the platform in Japan , however , just got one more option : the Tizen build kit , from Systena . It 's a package that includes developer tools , manuals and technical and consulting services from Systena , but the real star of the kit is the included 10.1-inch developer tablet . Packing a quad-core 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A9 processor , 2GB of RAM and 32GB of storage underneath a 1,920 x 1,200 display , this slab offers a Tizen 2.1 experience built specifically for app development and product demonstration . The company has n't publicly posted a price for the kit , but interested developers can request more information through the company 's website . The rest of us will have to settle for flashing our own devices .
[ Image Credit : S-Max.jp ]
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
As Congress debates an overhaul of the military justice system to stem an epidemic of sexual assault , the armed forces are struggling to conceal their own internal divisions over the scope of reform . According to a senior officer who spoke with The Nation , the military is actively encouraging service members to lobby against legislation that would curb commanders ' authority over the prosecution of sexual assault cases , while suppressing pro-reform voices within the ranks . Ad Policy
Asked what would happen if he advocated publicly for limiting the power of commanders , the officer , a high-level Air Force lawyer ( known as a Judge Advocate General , or JAG ) with decades of experience with sexual assault and other criminal cases said , “ It would kill my chances of ever having a good job again… I would be ostracized. ” He concluded , “ It would be the end of my career . ”
At issue is a proposed change to the military justice system to give military lawyers , rather than commanding officers , the power to determine whether accusations of a serious crime warrant a trial . The Senate is divided over the proposal ( introduced by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and known as the Military Justice Improvement Act , or MJIA ) , one of several reforms being considered . Survivors ' advocates say MJIA is critical to shield victims from retaliation , but it has elicited total opposition from the top brass , who argue that commanders ' authority to convene a court-martial is essential to their ability to maintain good order and discipline .
The JAG 's account raises the question of whether Congress has heard a representative range of military opinions as it considers historic reforms . According to the JAG , perspectives on taking prosecutions out of the chain of command are decidedly more mixed within the ranks than the brass ' testimony would suggest . As a result , he believes , the debate in Congress has been skewed .
“ The people who are opposed to the Gillibrand amendment do n't understand that there is a different view within the DOD , ” he told The Nation . “ There is not this monolithic view that they want Congress to believe that all commanders support [ preserving convening authority ] , at all. ” But because of the strict hierarchy within the military , officers who support MJIA have not been able to make the case for reform to Congress . ( At press time , the Department of Defense had not responded to inquiries from The Nation . )
Other active-duty service members are beginning to speak privately to lawmakers about the importance of MJIA , said Anu Bhagwati , executive director of the Service Women 's Action Network and a former Marine Corps captain . “ The First Amendment is an interesting gray area when it comes to wearing a uniform , ” she told The Nation . Another prominent survivors ' advocate told The Nation that “ behind the scenes , many commanders support this reform . ”
Already , a number of retired generals , veterans groups and the DOD 's own advisory committee on women in the services have recommended removing the decision to prosecute serious crimes from the chain of command . That has left the top brass scrambling to maintain the impression of unified opposition .
“ The reason we have so many generals is not to fight a war but to keep Congress off balance , ” said Brig . Gen. David L. McGinnis ( retired ) , who sent a letter of support to Senator Gillibrand , the New York Democrat working to add MJIA to the Defense Authorization Act , which will receive a vote in the Senate sometime before Thanksgiving . McGinnis , who is in contact with active-duty commanders , told The Nation that he agrees with the JAG that opposition to MJIA is not uniform throughout the ranks . “ I believe there is a lot of angst at mid-level leadership , at least in the Army , ” he said . He accounts the pushback from the top to “ a hidden law among the military cultures : Do n't let Congress change anything . If they find out they can change one thing , they 'll be willing to change a lot more . ”
As Congress debates MJIA , commanders have encouraged service members to weigh in against the measure . In October , Air Force Lt. General Richard C. Harding , the Air Force 's legal adviser , and Col. Jeffrey Rockwell sent a letter to fellow Air Force lawyers explaining the importance of the chain of command in the military justice system . “ [ M ] any of us have engaged with members of Congress , their staffs and members of the media to teach , implore and explain the reasons , or the ‘ why ' behind commanders ' authority and the current set-up of the military justice system , ” Harding wrote . “ Please read , absorb and share with your commanders and media types wherever you are located . This will truly make a difference . ”
Susan Burke , a lawyer who has worked with several survivors of military sexual assault , asked the Air Force inspector general to investigate the letter 's authors . “ General Harding and Colonel Rockwell improperly seek to use their influence as leaders in the Air Force to rally support against the political movement attempting to remove sexual assault claims from the military chain of command , ” she wrote . Burke cited Air Force rules requiring members to “ remain politically neutral and divorced from partisan politics ” and prohibiting them from using “ official authority or influence to…solicit votes for a particular candidate or issue . ”
An Air Force spokesperson denied any impropriety , and said in a statement that the intent of the letter “ is to ensure AF [ Air Force ] leaders and commanders are current on the issue and communicate it properly and clearly to interested publics , nothing more . ”
The Air Force JAG who spoke to The Nation confirmed that he also had been encouraged by superiors to write editorials and otherwise argue publicly in favor of preserving commanders ' convening authority . “ We 're constantly told in staff meetings and other meetings that we need to fight this , that if Gillibrand 's proposal is passed it will destroy the system , ” he said . “ There 's never an opportunity to give a contrary opinion . ”
All of the active-duty military personnel who have testified before Congress and before the independent panel charged with recommending reforms have expressed opposition to MJIA . According to the Air Force JAG , this reflects deliberate decisions about who is sent to the Capitol . “ When they send people to Congress to talk to staffers…they will only send people who support commanders in charge . They will not send anybody who disagrees with that position . ”
That leaves only outside advocates and retired officers to challenge statements made by top brass , many of which have been misleading , the JAG believes . He pointed to the claim , made repeatedly by the Pentagon and Gillibrand 's opponents in the Senate , that convening authority is critical to a commander 's ability to enforce good order and discipline within the ranks . But convening authority is not always a function of command ; although all commanders are responsible for good order and discipline , many already lack the power to take serious criminal cases to court martial .
“ This idea that ‘ oh , gosh , I ca n't do my job unless I 'm a convening authority , ' is laughable , ” the JAG said . Brig . Gen. McGinnis agreed . “ Do n't talk to me about readiness , ” he said . “ Once you violate the dignity of individuals in your command , your whole readiness equation starts to deteriorate . It 's like rotten apples . ”
Commanders ' lack of legal experience also leaves victims and anyone falsely accused of a crime vulnerable . “ We would never expect somebody who is getting medical treatment to ask your commander what kind of treatment they should get , or give commanders the authority to tell them what kind of medical treatment they get , because it 's just ludicrous . Yet when it comes to our area of expertise , the justice system , we defer to commanders in making these decisions . It makes no sense , ” the JAG said .
He also pushed back against a claim made by Senator Claire McCaskill , a former civilian prosecutor , that military lawyers would shy away from tough cases out of concerns for their win-loss ratio . “ In the world [ McCaskill ] dealt with , where these prosecutors were elected and their win-loss records are something they trumpet in the campaign , yeah , I suppose that happens , ” he said . “ Military prosecutors have no political motivation to avoid difficult cases [ because ] they do n't have to worry about elections . ”
McCaskill is one of the most prominent opponents of MJIA , along with fellow Democrat and Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin , and Republicans Kelly Ayotte and Lindsey Graham . Gillibrand 's amendment is likely to draw a filibuster , meaning she 'll need fifty-nine supporters . So far forty-seven of her colleague have committed , including eight Republicans . Both sides are engaged in an intense campaign to win over some thirty undecided senators .
McCaskill and Ayotte have argued that “ the victim community is not monolithic ” in its support for MJIA . That may be true , but it appears neither is the military in its opposition .
“ You know they always talk about how , you know , look how great we did with the end of segregation—yeah , because you were forced to do it , ” the Air Force JAG said . “ The same with this . They just resist change . ”
Take Action : Tell Your Senators to Act Now to Address Sexual Assault in the Military
Zoë Carpenter on how the VA is discriminating against thousands of victims of military sexual trauma .
KUALA LUMPUR : Three activists , including two assemblymen , were ordered by the Magistrate 's Court here today to enter their defence on a charge of participating in a street protest two years ago .
Magistrate Mahyuddin Mohmad Som made the decision after finding that the prosecution had succeeded in establishing a prima facie case at the end of the prosecution 's case against Teja assemblyman Chang Lih Kang , 37 ; Semambu assemblyman Lee Chean Chung , 36 ; and the Batu MP 's special officer Rozan Azen Mat Rasip , 40 .
He said the decision was made after hearing the testimony of four prosecution witnesses which showed there was proof that the three accused had intention to participate in the protest .
He set Sept 7 for case management .
On Sept 8 , 2015 , they pleaded not guilty to participating in a street demonstration in front of the Sogo shopping centre , to the fountain junction of Jalan Tun Perak here between 4.30pm and 5.05pm on March 21 , 2015 .
The charge under Section 4 ( 2 ) ( c ) , punishable under Section 4 ( 3 ) , carries a fine of not more than RM10,000 upon conviction .
The prosecution was conducted by deputy public prosecutor Jaizah Jaafar Sidek , while Chang , Lee and Rozan Azen were represented by lawyer Eric Paulsen .
LONDON , UK — No matter how much they dislike it , governments need calling out .
That 's what a group of whistleblowers who risked their careers , reputations and personal freedom to uphold said Friday . Now serving on the advisory board of ExposeFacts.org , a project of the Institute for Public Accuracy in Washington , they said the nature of government secrecy ensures that more people will have to take similar risks in the future — and that the consequences could be even greater .
“ If whistleblowers are suppressed , which is the clear intention of the US and British governments , all that 's left is a flow of official information… which adds up to lies and war , ” said ExposeFacts coordinator Norman Soloman .
A panel of people who blew whistles on US and UK government activity , organized by ExposeFacts and the FPA in London . # globalpost A photo posted by Corinne Purtill ( @ corinnepurtill ) on Nov 11 , 2014 at 8:49am PST
The government does n't need to spy on people all the time to keep them in line . It just needs them to know that it can .
The US National Security Agency and British equivalent , GCHQ , are n't using all the information they 're gathering today , said J. Kirk Wiebe , a former NSA employee who went public after his 2001 retirement with information about the agency 's mass collection of individuals ' data . It 's being stored in a server to be used as evidence of crimes committed down the road .
Those who condone spying because they personally have nothing to hide should remember that it 's not clear what future governments will consider illegal , he said .
`` I took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the US , not to agree with the NSA . '' -J. Kirk Wiebe , former NSA employee who went public with its surveillance program . A photo posted by Corinne Purtill ( @ corinnepurtill ) on Nov 11 , 2014 at 8:43am PST
“ The next time you hear someone saying ‘ I 'm not worried , I 'm not doing anything wrong ' — rubbish , ” Wiebe said . “ You do n't get to choose what 's wrong . ”
Surveillance does n't guarantee security .
“ We are told that governmental secrecy is protecting us , when the truth is the opposite , ” said Coleen Rowley , a former FBI special agent who exposed the agency 's intelligence failures before the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks .
`` Go back to following the law . Of you ( do ) , slowly , you 're going to regain the trust . '' Coleen Rowley , former FBI special agent who exposed pre 9/11 intelligence failures . A photo posted by Corinne Purtill ( @ corinnepurtill ) on Nov 11 , 2014 at 8:41am PST
A refusal to share intelligence within agencies , across agencies and with the public contributed to the attacks , the 9/11 Commission found .
Matthew Hoh , who resigned from the US State Department in 2009 to protest American policy in Afghanistan , offered another example . In the wake of disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , the Obama administration argued that the NSA 's surveillance tactics thwarted 54 terror attacks . After pressure from journalists and US Sen. Patrick Leahy , the NSA confirmed just four cases , none of which were a direct result of the spying program .
“ The government can scare and intimidate , but there has been no evidence that these tactics are helping , ” Hoh said . “ This is actually causing us to be much less secure . ”
`` Both Chelsea ( Manning ) and Edward ( Snowden ) are on the right side of history , and they will be vindicated . '' Matthew Hoh , who resigned from the US State Dept in 2009 to protest Afghanistan policy . A photo posted by Corinne Purtill ( @ corinnepurtill ) on Nov 11 , 2014 at 8:45am PST
In the US , whistleblowers are worse than foreign spies .
The Obama administration has prosecuted more people under the Espionage Act than all other administrations combined , Solomon wrote in The Nation last month . It 's gone after journalists and government employees suspected of leaking information . It also created the National Insider Threat Policy , requiring government employees to report coworkers who may be passing on classified information .
“ In effect , the people of the US are to be viewed as the enemy from whom basic information about government actions should be withheld , ” Solomon said .
`` If whistleblowers are suppressed ... all that 's left is the flow of official information , ( which ) adds up to lies and war . '' Norman Solomon , coordinator ExposeFacts.org . A photo posted by Corinne Purtill ( @ corinnepurtill ) on Nov 11 , 2014 at 8:38am PST
“ There 's nothing a government hates worse than embarrassment , ” Wiebe added . “ It 's almost worse than leaking a top secret . ”
Woodward and Bernstein 's Watergate scoop probably could n't happen today .
Deep Throat , The Washington Post 's key anonymous source implicating President Richard Nixon 's administration , was FBI associate director Mark Felt .
Today , the first call reporter Bob Woodward placed to Felt would have been logged into NSA databases and easily traced by officials searching the leak 's source , Rowley said . Never mind all the security cameras that are surely covering the parking garage where they met .
History proves whistleblowers right . Eventually .
In 1963 , the FBI called surveillance target Martin Luther King , Jr. the “ most dangerous… Negro leader in the country. ” Today , Rowley pointed out , he 's an American icon with his own federal holiday .
“ It 's incredible what time can do , ” she said . “ And the reason is , facts come out . ”
Similar reappraisals could be in store for whistleblowers such as Snowden and Chelsea Manning , who passed documents to Wikileaks , panelists said . Today , Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence and Snowden is in exile in Russia .
`` Both Chelsea and Edward are on the right side of history , '' Hoh said , `` and they will be vindicated . ''
A number of protesters were forcefully removed from the New Holland Arena in the Farm Show & Expo Center while President Donald Trump spoke Saturday night .
Pennsylvania State Troopers and the Capitol Police had a busy night as they were forced to secure and remove a number of protesters from inside the rally . No information has been provided about any pending criminal charges for those that were removed .
The first person to be removed was screaming `` Trump is a traitor ! '' The man , who has yet to be identified , began screaming and waving a Russian flag while on the floor of the arena .
Trump asked from the stage to have the man removed . When police arrived , the man was dragged to the ground and taken out of the arena . Supporters began chanting `` U.S.A. '' as he was removed .
'Trump is a traitor ! ' : Protester forcefully removed from president 's Harrisburg rally
One of the rowdiest incidents occurred when a number of men wearing `` Bikers for Trump '' shirts surrounded Neil Makhija and woman inside the rally . Law enforcement was busy handling another protester and did not get to Makhija or the woman , who has not yet been identified , for more than two minutes .
The bikers blocked the Makhija 's and woman 's movement until police arrived . The Trump supporters blocked the pair 's faces with `` Promises Made , Promises Kept '' signs and shielded from journalists ' cameras .
At first , just Makhija was being removed , but the woman put her hands on a Secret Service agent and she was then removed . Makhija was let back into the arena by police .
Makhija said he did n't know the woman that got removed . Makhija said he had no idea why Trump supporters were trying to remove him . He was n't yelling , was n't holding up an anti-Trump sign or causing trouble .
`` It was n't comfortable , '' Makhija said afterwards . `` They went way beyond what people should do . ''
Makhija said he attended the speech to hear the president speak about the opioid crisis in Pennsylvania . Trump did not speak about the opioid crisis , to which Makhija said he was disappointed .
'Love Trumps Hate ' : Protesters rally against the president 's Harrisburg speech
Another man was removed more than 20 minutes into Trump 's speech . Police secured the man 's hands and removed him from the floor .
Trump supporters yelled and cursed at him as he was escorted from the arena .
Trump 's visit coincided with the president 's 100th day in office -- which has long been a measurement of how well a new administration has gotten its footing .
Pennsylvania served as a very important state for Trump during the 2016 election . He held more campaign stops in Pennsylvania than in any other state .
Wild in the Streets is a low-cost , fast-paced skirmish game brought to you by bloodthirsty gangs of Murder Cult Girls , Crust Punks , Goths , Skinheads , and the Straight Edge crew !
In Wild in the Streets , you choose a gang to lead into back-alley street fights .
Want to throw down with Murder Cult Girls ? You can .
Goths more your style ? Better wear black .
Wan na paint some Skinheads ? Put on your favorite oi ! record while you do it .
Feel like spare changing before the fight ? The Crusties will be there with you .
Got alcohol free paints ? Maybe the Straight Edge crew is for you .
So , where did the idea of mixing miniatures and subcultures come from , you might ask ? Well , for twenty years our gaming group has smashed through dozens of miniature games and RPGs as well as played in bands , done ‘ zines and booked shows . The miniatures are all based on us and our friends .
And best of all – your miniatures are nearly ready to ship .
The game rules are written , the models are sculpted , and the card layout is complete – we just need your help getting everything cast , printed and into your hands as soon as possible . To streamline this process , we 've made several customer-first decisions . First , we 've made starting gangs super affordable . Second , we 've already sculpted all the models before this Kickstarter campaign . Our goal here at Slow Death Games is to get Wild in the Streets into your hands immediately .
The first five gangs are ready , and you can read about them below . When you choose your backer level , you 'll also get to choose which specific gangs you want to collect and throw down with . In the future , we also plan to release several more gangs – as well as other exciting enhancements – but we 'll keep that a small secret for now .
Finally , let 's talk about game play . Wild in the Streets is quick , innovative and nearly free of record keeping . Game play allows for two to four players per game . Setup rules simulate a fight that had already started ( or just about to start ) instead of people staring at each other across the board waiting for action . Models activate when their card is pulled from a common deck , generating an unpredictable gang fight . You might have planned for your crust punks to ambush a lone death rocker but getting sucker punched by a group of skinheads threw a wrench into your plans . There are also event cards that can modify game play by impacting the models in a positive or negative way .
So let 's do this ! Grab your dice , your terrain , a splash of paint ... and let 's run Wild in the Streets !
Skinheads got their start with the working class youth in Britain and later spread to other parts of the world . With their sharp outfits and love of soul , ska , rocksteady and reggae , skinheads could be found dancing at many clubs , watching live bands and riding their scooters . Skinheads in Wild In The Streets are quick to throw the first punch and plan to stick around for the last as well .
Crusties fill the space between hardcore and metal . They love the dirty sound of crust punk bands with it 's metallic influences but without what they think are the ridiculous parts of metal . In Wild In The Streets , and often in real life , they are loud , drunk and disorderly . Fists , empty 40s and studded denim jackets will fly !
An offshoot of the punk scene , Goths are part of a varied subculture that ranges from death rockers to industrial to darkwave to metal and more . In Wild In the Streets , Goths travel in large groups and prefer to fight two or three on one and appreciate the value retreating to regroup .
Remember that woman you met at a show who told you she could not only beat you up but could drink you under the table ? It was n't just talk . She and her friends have a gang that will beat up your entire crew , look good while doing it and have the pictures posted to Instagram before you even pick yourself up off the floor . The Murder Cult Girls move fast , kick ass and do n't bother remembering your name .
Maybe you want two gangs so you can teach a friend how to play . Maybe you are picking up a gang for every person in your gaming group . If you want two , three , ten gangs or more just add $ 15 to your pledge for each additional gang .
Has the edge gone dull ? Not for this crew . In Wild In The Streets these guys might be drug free but they certainly are n't violence free . From youth crews to straight edge punks they will unite , X up and finger point their way to victory . Pick them as one of your pledge gangs or add them to any pledge for $ 15 .
Maggie is available as an alternate leader or gang member for your skinhead gang . Add an additional $ 5 to your pledge for her .
Jorge likes two things - drinking and fighting . Luckily for him his crust punk friends always have a 40 with his name on it . And unlucky for you he is looking for a fight after he downs that 40 . Jorge is available as a $ 5 add on .
Justin plays in more bands than you have records . He is also a very loyal friend . When he sees someone take a punch at one of his friends at a show he comes running at them with swinging his bass towards their head . Justin is available as a $ 5 add on .
More goths for the goth gang ! These three women are bringing backup for Dave and his death rockers . These three models are available as a $ 15 add on .
Claudia for the Murder Cult Cult girls is available as a $ 5 add on to your pledge . She does n't have claws but she has a knife and that is what she plans to use to tear you up .
We shot a couple how to videos at Slow Death Games HQ to explain the stat cards and show a small game in progress .
Card explanation
Set up
First turn
Second turn
All stretch goals have been unlocked !
A congressional committee led by evangelical Christians has voted to ban abortion in Brazil in all situations , including cases of rape and where the mother 's life is in danger .
The decision was approved 18-1 late Wednesday by a special committee considering a constitutional amendment to extend maternity leave for mothers of premature babies .
The single vote against the ban was cast by the only woman present during the session , Erika Kokay of the Workers Party , who called the decision a manoeuvre by the committee 's pro-life evangelical majority .
Abortion is illegal in predominantly Catholic Brazil except when the pregnancy is the result of a rape or puts the mother 's life at risk .
In 2012 , the country 's Supreme Court authorized abortion for fetuses with anencephaly , a severe birth defect that limits life expectancy to a few hours or days .
Underground abortions
More than one million abortions are carried out at clandestine clinics each year in Brazil and thousands of women end up in hospital as a result of botched procedures , according to government estimates .
Abortion is a divisive issue in the predominantly Catholic nation . In this June 5 , 2013 photo , evangelical Christians participate in the 'March For Family ' demonstration against gay marriage and abortion in front of the National Congress in the capital , Brasilia . ( Ueslei Marcelino/Reuters )
But even the limited circumstances where abortions are legal the procedure has been targeted by a growing evangelical caucus in Congress that has led to a conservative trend in lawmaking on social issues .
`` To defend abortion , like it or not , is a Satanic , diabolical and destructive act , '' evangelical congressman Pastor Eurico told the committee , brandishing a replica of a 12-week-old fetus .
Legislative hurdle still ahead
The move to criminalize all cases of abortion would require supermajorities , or two-thirds of the votes in both chambers of Congress , as it is part of a constitutional amendment .
The measure could clear those hurdles as part of a trade-off for other legislation the governing coalition seeks to pass , such as pension reform needed to plug a gaping budget deficit .
Honey I shrunk the world : Photographer 's amazing images of ANTS living like humans
Advertisement
A photographer has created a series of pictures of ants occupying an otherworldly fantasy land , by putting ants and other insects into bizarre scenes so they act out human-like activities and scenarios .
Irina Kozorog produced the bizarre series , including scenes such as ants building snowmen , kissing on a bridge and arguing in a boardroom .
Kozorog first thinks of a scene in her head , before heading outside to attract the ants with something sweet .
She then puts them into place before taking a range of shots and uses her computer to impose them onto backdrops she has already captured .
Kozorog , from Moscow , Russia , said : ' I 've been fond of macro photography for more than three years now .
' I was always amazed by the life of ants . Even now they are my favourite photography subject - they are my favourite models .
' I want to create a fairytale with the tiny creatures living in their own wonderful world . '
Some of the images are more metaphorical , like this picture that seems to show a Gothic-novel type aesthetic
The photographs are intended to put ants in regular human situations , such as this picture which shows the ants making a snowman
Artist and photographer Irina Kozorog uses a combination of photography and photoshop style after effects to create her vivid imagery Many of the ant pictures feature bizarre scenes from movies , or freakishly human scenes of romance , but replacing the insects with everyday people Other images , such as this boardroom , are less romantic and more mundane , showing everyday slices of life with ants in place of humans . In the background , Kozorog 's other pieces of art can be seen as set dressing Kozorog first thinks of a scene in her head , before heading outside to attract the ants with something sweet She then puts them into place before taking a range of shots and uses her computer to impose them onto backdrops she has already captured Kozorog 's attempts might be an effort to anthropomorphosise the ants , as as far as we know , ants do not bay or stare at the moon These ants could be having a schoolboy fight in an ant-ish playground , surrounded by their ant peers in a pre-determined set piece Many of the photos , such as this one , are far more fantastical , with off the map thinking from the artist behind each weird picture While some of the scenery in the pictures is fantastical and otherworldly , the ants are all real , and the snaps are all taken at opportune times to fit in with the background Ants are n't the only creepy-crawlies who take a starring role , with other pictures showing their cohabitation with spiders and prey mantis ' The artist , Irina Kozorog , who has placed herself among these giant ants , thankfully with photo-trickery , not actual giant ants Irirna Kozorog , left , uses many different types of creepy-crawly , and several different artistic techniques , to create her images Included in the series are bizarre scenes such as ants building snowmen , kissing on a bridge and arguing in a boardroom Some of the images captured show ants doing distinctly non-human activities . In fact some of them are just incredibly detailed pictures of ant life Pictured left : Irina Kozorog , who took the pictures and made them into bizarre pieces of art , which are a mixture of surreal pictures of ants in human-like situations , and regular ants doing standard ant activities ( right )
These ants seem to be having a drink together from a droplet of water , showing how truly small the ants are , and how high definition the images are The concept of some of Irina Kozorog 's photos is similar to the plot of the blockbuster movie Honey , I Shrunk The Kids , in which a professor shrinks his offspring down to a miniscule size RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Now that 's ant-i-social behaviour : Moment aggressive insects ... Not so cute any more : Amazing pictures of tiny Kingfisher ... The fake chef who tricked local TV hosts into drinking ... Share this article Share
UPDATED WITH LBPD RESPONSE AS TO WHY NO REPORT WAS TAKEN AFTER STORY
In a city that prides itself on being the most racially diverse in the country , blatant racism should be a non-issue . But a series of hateful notes left on the cars of Hispanic beachgoers on Labor Day showed that racism is not only still out there , but it wields a Sharpie .
As the OC Weekly first reported yesterday , someone went through a Belmont Shore parking lot on Monday and left anonymous notes on at least four cars telling “ wetbacks ” to “ go back to Baja ” and saying that it was “ sad ” how “ The Mexicans invaded this beach now. ” The notes also make sweeping racial accusations ( like “ you Mexicans took over Cherry Beach ” ) and even included a large sad face .
“ We were there for no more than an hour because of the meter , ” said Griselda Suarez , a local business owner and Chicano Studies teacher at Cal State Long Beach , who says her car received one of the notes while parked in the Laverne lot off of East Ocean Blvd . “ I do n't know [ how they knew who was Hispanic ] . I can only imagine that this person is staking out . ”
Suarez took photos of two of the notes—which though written on different colored sheets of lined paper and with different markers , were clearly done by the same ( presumabely white ) hand—and said there were at least two more on other cars . Suarez also tried to file a police report after discovering the notes , but the officer said there was nothing he could do .
“ The police said that we could n't make a report because the person was not caught , ” Suarez told the Post . “ It was their freedom of speech . He took a picture of the sheets to share with other officers at their daily meeting . ”
UPDATED FRIDAY , 11:58AM | Lisa Massacani of the Long Beach Police Department says that even though the hateful notes contained racial slurs , no report was taken because there was no description of a possible suspect and none of the notes presented to the officer contained direct or specific threats .
It was determined that no crime occurred in this incident , but it was documented anyway . Officers patrolled the area looking for a person leaving notes or any other suspicious activity , but did not locate any .
“ The Long Beach Police Department Violent Crimes Detail has reviewed this incident and found no other similar incidents were reported at other locations and it appears that this was an isolated and random incident , ” Massacani said .
Polar bears have bad breath – really bad – imagine eating nothing but raw seal blubber all your life and never brushing your teeth and you 'll get the idea . I know this because I had my face six inches from the , fortunately anaesthetised , jaws of an adult female bear in the company of David Attenborough and the Norwegian scientist Jon Aars on the high Arctic island of Spitzbergen in April 2010 .
We were there to film for the final episode of Frozen Planetin which David travels to both Arctic and Antarctic to observe the effects of climate change and investigate what they might mean for the rest of the planet .
The Norwegian Polar Institute has been monitoring the polar bears of Svalbard since the 1970 's . This work , combined with similar such long-running studies in Alaska , Canada and Greenland , has helped to reveal the link between years of poor ice cover on the sea and poor cub survival in subsequent years . That 's because polar bears need ice to hunt seals , and cubs born to mother bears that are underweight from a poor hunting season are weaker .
All across both polar regions the scientists were able to point to a long record to support their assertions of dramatic change . The meteorologists talked of a 3C temperature rise on the Antarctic peninsula over the past 50 years – a rate matched in parts of the Arctic , but nowhere else on Earth . The satellite scientists showed us the images from the late 1970s and early 80s , which showed the 30 % drop in sea ice cover which leads most experts to suspect that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer sometime between now and 2050 .
And everywhere we went we found the scientists not just keen to tell us about their work , but actually able to show us the changes they had been measuring . The most dramatic example of this was the break-up of the Wilkins ice shelf on the Antarctic peninsula . This huge floating mass of fresh water ice , the size of Yorkshire and 200-metres thick , started to break apart in 2008 , just as production on this film began .
Such are the difficulties and expenses of polar logistics that it was not until February 2010 that we were in a position to attempt to film this globally significant event . By this stage , bizarre though it seems , even the satellite experts could not tell us what there would actually be to see if we managed to reach the location . That season 's satellite images were affected by cloud and showed a confused jumble of grey that was difficult to interpret – would there simply be a mass of slush where the Wilkins had once been ? That would be intellectually interesting but not the dramatic image we had our fingers crossed for .
Nonetheless , we took the gamble . The British Antarctic Survey pulled out all the stops to try to get us into place – transporting us to Rothera , the nearest base to the ice shelf , putting us up and even giving us first refusal on the use of one of their precious Twin Otter planes . But they could not control the Antarctic weather and clouds and snow kept us trapped in the base for a week before the skies finally cleared and we were able to make the flight .
To say we were not disappointed would be a breath-taking understatement . What greeted us was the most extraordinary sight I believe I will ever see . The break-up had continued and the Wilkins was now in a state of full collapse – hundreds upon hundreds of icebergs – many over a mile long , were stretching to the horizon .
It was an incredibly beautiful scene but I was left with the same uneasy feeling I had when stroking the polar bear . On a personal level this film has given me the experiences of a lifetime but the reality of some of the beautiful things I 've seen is , if you 'll pardon the pun , chilling .
• Dan Rees is the producer of the On Thin Ice episode of the BBC 's Frozen Planet series , which airs on Wednesday night at 9pm on BBC One
CTVNews.ca Staff
A Toronto police officer called to the scene of a shoplifting is being commended , not for arresting the man , but for letting him go .
When the officer learned the young man had tried to steal a shirt , tie , and socks for a job interview , he decided to help him out .
Not only did Const . Niran Jeyanesan let the man go , he used his own money to pay for the clothes the man had tried to steal .
Jeyanesan told CP24 that he and his partner were called to a Walmart in the city 's north end on Sunday evening for a reported theft .
The store 's loss prevention officer had apprehended the 18-year-old as he tried to steal a dress shirt , tie and socks . Jeyanesan interrogated the man and learned he wanted the outfit for an upcoming job interview , but did n't have the means to pay for them .
“ This young person has been facing his own difficulty in life and he was looking to straighten all that by providing for his family and trying to get a job , ” Jeyanesan said on Monday .
The officers decided to let the man go without charging him . Without saying anything to the man , Jeyanesan then went and bought the clothes for him .
While some might criticize the officer for letting a shoplifting suspect walk free , Jeyanesan said it became clear to him that the man was trying for a second chance in life .
“ Having a conversation with him , he did n't have any resources , any other way to go about this . I think he really wanted to attend that interview and I do n't think he knew how else to go about this , ” he said .
When others heard about what the officer had done , they contacted CP24 anonymously to tell them the story .
Staff Sgt . Paul Bois of the Toronto Police Service said he thinks Jeyanesan made the right choice .
“ I think the officer did a fantastic job . He exercised his discretion , definitely showed some humanity in dealing with this particular individual , ” he told CP24 .
Bois said every case they come across is different and in this one , Jeyanesan learned of the man 's full story and wanted to help him .
“ And I think collectively , that 's why we are all here doing this job , ” Bois said .
“ We need to make a positive difference in people 's lives . I think he did . ”
With reports from CP24 Cristina Tenaglia
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— After nearly five years of business , G2B Restaurant and Brewery will be closing its doors .
Despite its innovative menu and nano-brewery , the restaurant was never able to attract a large enough clientele , partially due to its location . At 3211 Shannon Road , the restaurant was hidden in a business complex . The location has been home to other short-lived restaurants , including Starlu .
“ It is a sad time for all of us and our guests who have named this place home , but we are confident we will continue to do what we love and feed our community going forward , '' chef Travis Robinson said .
In a statement , Robinson , general manager Katie Beverley and sous chef Bill Harrison thanked the community . `` G2B was a place where we were able to be creative with our food and beer selections , exploring new ideas and putting twists on classic ideas . To all of our guests who became family to the restaurant staff , we just want to say , Thank You . ''
G2B 's last day of business is April 2 .
A certain `` Star Trek '' veteran feels that J.J. Abrams has indeed boldly gone where no man has gone before ... and not in a good way .
William Shatner , known worldwide ( and perhaps beyond ) as the man who played Captain James T. Kirk in the original `` Star Trek '' series and in seven feature films , was recently asked about how he feels about `` Star Trek '' director J.J. Abrams now also taking the captain 's chair on `` Star Wars . '' Shatner is not as enthusiastic as others have been when it comes to Abrams pulling double duty on arguably the two biggest sci-fi franchises of all time .
`` He 's being a pig , '' Shatner said during an interview with Movie Fanatic . `` He 's collecting the two franchises and holding them close to his vest . He 's probably the most talented director of that ilk that we have but he 's gone too far this time . ''
By `` this time , '' Shatner is probably referring to his first run-in with Abrams , which involved the possibility of the elder Kirk making some sort of appearance in the 2009 `` Star Trek '' reboot . That obviously did n't happen , though -- at least according to Abrams -- not for lack of trying .
`` We actually had written a scene with him in it that was a flashback kind of thing , but the truth is , it did n't quite feel right , '' said Abrams in a 2008 interview with AMC . `` The bigger thing was that he was very vocal that he did n't want to do a cameo . We tried desperately to put him in the movie , but he was making it very clear that he wanted the movie to focus on him significantly , which , frankly , he deserves . ''
Abrams also pointed out that while the new `` Trek '' was a reboot of the series , it was tied to years of established `` Trek '' mythology and canon ... one of the biggest events of which is the elder Kirk 's death in `` Star Trek : Generations '' ( 1994 ) .
`` The truth is , the story that we were telling required a certain adherence to the 'Trek ' canon and consistency of storytelling . It 's funny -- a lot of the people who were proclaiming that he must be in this movie were the same people saying it must adhere to canon . Well , his character died on screen . Maybe a smarter group of filmmakers could have figured out how to resolve that . ''
The humbleness on display in that last sentence might be what ultimately got Abrams on the good side of the notoriously egotistical Shatner . In fact , the former Enterprise captain considers the young filmmaker to be a pal ... though perhaps one in need of some mentoring and sage sci-fi wisdom .
`` I think of him as a buddy of mine ; I 've taken him out for sushi , '' said Shatner in his interview with Movie Fanatic . `` I think it 's time for J.J. and I to have another sushi and let me put him straight on two of the largest franchises ... and not employing me in either one of them I think is just foolhardy . ''
We 'll see if that last statement prompts any new casting rumors . William Shatner in a `` Star Wars '' movie ? Could the universe handle such a meta flourish without going all topsy turvy ( or at least needing a humpback whale to set everything straight again ) ?
`` Star Trek Into Darkness '' opens May 17 . `` Star Wars : Episode VII '' will open some day .
Watch the teaser trailer for 'Star Trek Into Darkness ' :
On Friday , Christian Ehrhoff will play in Consol Energy Center for the first time since the 2014-15 season , when he appeared in 49 games for the Penguins and totaled three goals and 14 points before his season was derailed by a pair of concussions . He did n't appear in the Pittsburgh 's first round defeat to the New York Rangers .
Ehrhoff , who had signed a one-year contract with Pittsburgh in 2014 after the remaining seven years of his 10-year , $ 40-million contract were snipped in a compliance buyout by Buffalo the prior off-season due to concerns about term and potential cap recapture penalties , signed a one-year , $ 1.5-million contract in August despite overtures from other NHL teams .
With indications that his comfort in Los Angeles is growing – learned both through his own words and his play on the ice – the 33-year-old has become an important veteran figure on a blue line that is younger than in previous seasons . He has goals in two of the last three games after having scored on Tuesday in Columbus and against Pittsburgh the previous Saturday .
“ The last little while has been a lot better , ” he said . “ I did n't have a good start to the season . I think I 've played better and am I getting more comfortable , and especially the D-zone stuff that has been a big change for me has come along , I think . I just have to keep going and get consistent with it , and then it 's trending in the right direction .
The change comes from more aggressive play in the defensive zone .
“ We try to cut off plays as quickly as possible to not give the other team time to cycle or spend time in the D-zone , ” he said . “ Before for me , it was more staying on the D-side and cutting off certain areas in the D-zone , but here it 's a lot more aggressive , and being on the guy right away and trying to cut off any time and space . That has been definitely an adjustment for me . ”
Ehrhoff will face a former team on consecutive nights when the Kings travel to face the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday .
Christian Ehrhoff , on returning to Pittsburgh :
It 's always special to come back to a place where you lived , and my youngest daughter was born here , so Pittsburgh will always be a special place for our family . Like you said , I was only here one year , and last year I had a tough , tough year with the second half just being injured . But it 's always nice to come back .
Ehrhoff , on a “ different ” off-season :
It definitely was different . The off-season was different . It took me a lot longer to get into shape . Usually you take off three weeks after a season and it gets fairly quick , you 're catching up , you 're getting back into shape . But I was basically hurt since the end of January , and then coming back in the off-season , working my way back felt a lot harder this summer . That was definitely something I had n't experienced before .
Ehrhoff , on whether he felt better as the off-season progressed :
Yeah , that 's when I got basically symptom-free , and I came back after . I skated for a few more days and got cleared by the doctors before I went back home to Germany .
Ehrhoff , on whether it was reassuring that there were no effects from Mike Ribeiro 's hit in October :
This season , yeah , it 's definitely worrying at first , but that cleared up pretty quickly towards the end of the night . It was definitely nice to not have something again and to go right back in .
Spanish National Police and the Romanian Police have joined forces , supported by Europol and Eurojust , to dismantle an organised crime group involved in trafficking women for sexual exploitation in different EU Member States . In total , 11 individuals were arrested and 13 victims were safeguarded .
The investigation began in November 2015 . The members of the criminal network recruited their victims in their country of origin using the Loverboy method , by a man who purported to be the victim 's boyfriend and promised her a better life . Once in Spain , the victims were forced into prostitution in Madrid , Ibiza and Asturias . During the course of the investigation , police officers unveiled that some of the victims were forced to undergo plastic surgery . Furthemore , the women had to pay a tax in return of being protected on the street . The organised group extended their activity to Germany , the Czech Republic and the Netherlands .
The money earned through the sexual exploitation of these women was sent back to Romania in cash or through parcel services , where the organised crime group subsequently laundered it by buying properties or high-end vehicles .
Police officers carried out five house searches in Madrid , one in Asturias and six in Romania . As a result , two firearms , over EUR 10 000 in cash , and five vehicles were seized . In total , Operation Hunter resulted in the arrest of seven individuals in Spain and four in Romania . 13 Romanian victims were safeguarded .
Europol supported the investigation by facilitating the exchange of intelligence and analytical support , funding of an operational meeting and the deployment of an analyst to undertake on the spot checks during the action phase in Spain .
Every day someone in Afghanistan is affected by a landmine . A disproportionate number of them are children and goat herders . Despite sustained efforts , hundreds of square kilometers of land remains mined . However , the deminers of the Action Coordination Centre of Afghanistan ( MACCA ) plan to make Afghanistan mine free by 2023 .
The MACCA is using a three-pronged strategy to accomplishing its goal : clearing the land , educating locals in the hazards and operations , and incorporating mine education curriculum into the broader education system . These efforts have helped bring mine incidents down from more than 30 per day to a little over 30 per month in 2015 .
For those that have been wounded by mines , their healthcare options are limited . However , one hospital , Emergency , continues to provide free healthcare to all who have been wounded or affected by war . An Italian-based nonprofit , Emergency has been operating in Afghanistan since 1999 and receives more trauma and war-related referrals than any other hospital in the country . Emergency continues to provide a high standard of care and offers treatment options to anyone regardless of their political affiliation .
MACCA 's efforts have saved countless lives and Emergency 's efforts to treat those who have been wounded continue to bring hope to an otherwise grim situation .
Cartoon Network And Troika Develops Dimensional Rebrand Style Guide
Yesterday ( 09/06/2016 ) , it was announced that Turner Broadcasting System and Hollywood-based branding and marketing innovation agency Troika have partnered up to develop a style guide for the new Cartoon Network rebrand ( known as Check It 4.5 by CN fans , officially called “ Dimensional ” ) to inform international versions of Cartoon Network how the new branding should be implemented .
The style guide is a set of rules on how the animations and on-screen graphics should be displayed on-screen to maintain an international consistency of branding . Also , Troika have designed a dynamic insert and promo system that provides brand consistency , this system will be applied to promos made by the international Cartoon Network creative teams .
Jacob Escobedo , Vice President of Design/Creative for Cartoon Network stated that developing a style guide based on the new branding was a difficult process and he was impressed by Troika 's work :
“ We asked Troika to do the impossible . I 'm surprised , actually , that they did n't throw us out of their office when we dumped all of our design fragments and bits in their lap and asked them to piece it all together into a comprehensible system . They handled the challenge like pros , transforming our on-air packaging into a dynamic and cohesive environment . All of this while feeding us amazing cookies . ”
Larry Morris , Creative Director On-Air for Cartoon Network stated :
“ We had a lot of design fundamentals already in place , but we really needed a system that made sense and allowed us to have fun . We basically had a floor full of thousands of video Legos , and we needed a manual for putting them all together . The last thing you are thinking of at the end of the day is ‘ Gee , I 'd really like to work a one thousand-piece puzzle right now . ' What Troika allowed us to do was build onto a modular system and grow the Cartoon Design brand towards a unified look . ”
Creative Director of Troika , Seton Kim stated :
“ I 'm extremely proud of the work we accomplished with Cartoon Network . Susan , Larry , Jacob , and their entire team are incredibly talented and a pure joy to work with . Not only was it an opportunity to work with a beloved brand , it made me look like a hero to my kids ! We look forward to collaborating with Cartoon Network again in the future . ”
Cartoon Network 's credits for the work include :
Susan Shipsky – Vice President , Production
Jacob Escobedo – Vice President , Design/Creative
Larry Morris – Creative Director , On-Air
Troika 's credits for the work include :
Amy Palmer – Account Director
Seton Kim – Creative Director
Julia Torchine – Producer
Jeni Wamberg – Art Director
XinXue Wang – Designer
Liz Vogtsberger – Writer/Strategist
Troika was also the branding company that developed Turner 's new logo and branding which was introduced last year :
http : //www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/new_logo_for_turner_broadcasting_system.php
Bent Design Lab developed the Dimensional rebranding package , which made its debut on Cartoon Network USA on Monday 30th May .
https : //www.regularcapital.com/2016/06/cartoon-network-usa-check-it-4-5-rebrand-behind-the-scenes/
https : //news.creativecow.net/story/882016
http : //www.troika.tv
http : //www.cartoonnetwork.com
http : //www.turner.com
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Prosecutors in southern Germany have ordered a media blackout of a stabbing attack that occurred at a Munich train station early Tuesday , a local broadcaster reported .
# BreakingNews 1 dead , 3 hurt after stabbing at train station outside # Munich German Man said to shout 'AllahuAkbar ' pic.twitter.com/dfOEazVLbo — Discovery1 ( @ DennisFBox ) 10 May 2016
​The attack took place at the Grafing S-Bahn station at around 5:00 a.m. local time ( 3:00 GMT ) , Bayerischer Rundfunk said . The assailant , an unidentified young German national , was detained after injuring four passengers , one of them severely . The radio cited witnesses who claimed the man had shouted `` Allahu Akbar , '' which means `` God is great '' in Arabic , as he lurched into the crowd .
Horrific news out of Germany with dead & wounded from railway station stabbing rampage . Our prayers with # munich . pic.twitter.com/qjbhL8SuUD — Mikael Sollenberg ( @ MikaelSoll ) 10 May 2016
​One of the reportedly five victims in a stabbing incident in a Munich train station early Tuesday morning has died , according to a Bavarian criminal police spokeswoman .
Evacuated residents allowed to return home , but roadway will remain closed off for a couple days while site is investigated
UPDATE : Evacuated residents allowed to return home and debris is being cleared .
Occupants of a building were evacuated this morning after a retaining wall collapsed at the corner of Oak Bay Avenue and Fort Street .
A fence , trees and what looked like electric wires were protruding from the dirt in front of the building , which was spread across the south side of Oak Bay Avenue .
Fraser Work , the City 's director of engineering , said It 's too early to say exactly how long the road and sidewalk will be out of service . City officials and engineers continue to investigate the site and determine whether there is risk of any further part of the wall , or the structure above it , could collapse . The walls are old and could have been damaged by rainfall , and the drainage of the wall will be assessed .
“ We do n't want to take any material away from the bottom of that wall , because in some cases they may actually be holding up and retaining some of that upland site , ” he said . “ What we 're looking at is potentially a runoff site . It 's obviously raining very heavily through the night , and that seems a factor that has to be considered . ”
As the retaining wall collapse is in a high-traffic area , there was concern that there could be someone under the rubble . VicPD sent a K9 unit into investigate , and no casualties were discovered .
Eastbound traffic will be closed for at least 1 or 2 days due to the rest of the wall potentially being unstable . Thanks for the help @ VicPDK9 pic.twitter.com/ZHYX5u9FyU — Victoria Police ( @ vicpdcanada ) December 19 , 2017
Ricky de Souza called the police to report the incident after his vehicle was struck by material as he drove east on Oak Bay Avenue just after 8 a.m .
“ I heard kind of a boom and a loud noise , ” he said . “ Whether it was an explosion or a boom or an accident , who knows . I could n't see . It was all of a sudden just dirt and rocks , and something striking my car . ”
DeSouza pulled over to safety , got out and directed traffic away from the pile of rubble before police arrived a short time later , he said .
“ People walk right in front of there . [ My ] first concern is someone may have been under that rubble . ”
The buildings in the area have been evacuated and emergency services are waiting on engineers to figure out next step .
A woman is in critical condition at Allegheny General Hospital Thursday night after a shooting in Pittsburgh 's Central North Side , police said.Around 8:45 p.m. police responded to the 600 block of Redknap Street . The victim had fled there from Ehlers Way after being shot in the upper leg , according to police.Police have not released any suspect information.The violent crime unit is investigating .
A woman is in critical condition at Allegheny General Hospital Thursday night after a shooting in Pittsburgh 's Central North Side , police said .
Around 8:45 p.m. police responded to the 600 block of Redknap Street . The victim had fled there from Ehlers Way after being shot in the upper leg , according to police .
Advertisement
Police have not released any suspect information .
The violent crime unit is investigating .
AlertMe
Tweet
Urban Prep teacher Dave Woo says unionization can shine a light * into the dark unknown crevices of charter school management * …
By Dave Woo
Why does my charter school need a union ? In a word : accountability . After having worked at Chicago 's Urban Prep Charter Academy for six years , I have serious concerns about how resources are allocated by my own charter network . And my research into whether charter schools are truly public or private entities under the law has convinced me that these problems are n't confined to schools like Urban Prep or Chicago 's UNO network . There are serious questions that need to be asked about the lack of accountability for charter school operators . Having a union at charters schools will force operators to think twice before doing anything that is n't in the best interest of students .
Shining a light
When a majority of teachers and staff at Urban Prep decided to organize a union represented by the Chicago Alliance of Charter Teachers and Staff , one of the first actions we took was to file a FOIA request in order to get a better sense of how the Urban Prep network uses the tax dollars and private donations it receives . Here are some of the things we found :
Urban Prep spends over a quarter of a million dollars a year renting out downtown office space across the street from the Trump International Hotel and Tower for the network administrative staff . Urban Prep spends $ 70,000 dollars every year to take all of its staff to St. Charles , IL ( a far west suburb almost an hour away from Urban Prep 's closest campus ) for a network retreat . Urban Prep pays its principals salaries that are comparable to the salaries Chicago Public Schools principals , but pays first year teachers $ 10,000 less on average than what the average CPS teacher earns . Urban Prep pays Tim King $ 220,000 to run 3 schools while the CEO of CPS earns $ 250,000 to run a district of nearly 700 schools . Since January 2014 , Urban Prep has paid just over $ 100,000 to public relations firms .
Raising questions
Although the FOIAs have n't uncovered anything illegal , Urban Prep 's allocation of resources raises questions about whether this money is actually going to improve the education of students . Our decision to form a union at Urban Prep is n't primarily about compensation . It is about asking Urban Prep why they choose to rent out a space downtown for their administrative offices , when they could use a fraction of their rent to provide better technology to teachers ( many teachers have had to purchase their own technology resources or ask for donations from Urban Prep ) . It is about asking Urban Prep why their administrators deserve comparable wages to their CPS counterparts , but teachers apparently do n't . But the questions we 're asking go beyond Urban Prep 's specific practices . This is about the ethics and fiscal responsibility of Urban Prep and all charter schools .
But the questions we 're asking go beyond Urban Prep 's specific practices . This is about the ethics and fiscal responsibility of Urban Prep and all charter schools .
Not an isolated problem
I recently had the opportunity to share a paper that I wrote at the AERA 2015 meeting in Chicago . The paper centered on a case involving Chicago 's largest charter network : UNO Charter Schools . A gym teacher at one of the UNO schools was dismissed and the teacher filed a suit claiming that he had been discharged unfairly for whistle blowing about an incident of student-to-student sexual harassment . Although the case never went to trial , it picqued my interest in trying to understand whether charter schools are truly public or private entities under the law . Both my research into UNO 's questionable business practices and my own experiences as a charter school educator have made me acutely aware of what is at stake if some sort of check is not placed on charter school operators .
Waiting for answers
I 'm convinced that unions are an important mechanism for holding charter schools accountable . In recent years , a coalition of forces has successfully framed unions as being resistant to reform and being a detriment to changes that are needed in schools . The recent films , Waiting for Superman and The Lottery are prime examples of this effort to demonize unions . ( As a side note , our founder required all of our employees to sit through both of these movies as professional development ) . And while unionization wo n't address all of the accountability issues in charter schools , unions can help to shine a light into the dark unknown crevices of charter school management .
Still waiting
Efforts by teachers and staff at schools like Urban Prep should also encourage taxpayers to ask their own questions about the kinds of schools they are funding , and why teachers feel the need to organize in order to stand up to administrators . Urban Prep was scheduled to hold a public board meeting on April 16th . Many teachers and parents had hoped to attend in order to get answers to the sorts of questions that I 've outlined here . The meeting was canceled on the evening of April 15th . It has yet to be rescheduled .
Dave Woo has been a teacher at Chicago 's Urban Prep Academy for six years .
Send tips and comments to tips @ haveyouheardblog.com . Like my work ? Your financial support will help me do more of it .
.
If Health Care Is A Right , Does That Make Doctors Slaves ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
`` Do you feel like a slave ? ''
That 's a question Dana Kraus , a Vermont family doctor , probably did n't expect at a Senate subcommittee hearing today on the issue of how to reduce the unnecessary use of hospital emergency rooms .
But that 's what Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) asked her as the hearing turned into a philosophical debate between the socialist Sanders and conservative Sen. Rand Paul , ( R-KY ) over whether health care is a right for all Americans .
Paul used the hearing to question why federally funded community health centers are offering family planning services if Planned Parenthood provided the same services . And he questioned why the centers are bothering to treat patients with private or government insurance , as they could be seen elsewhere .
Paul , an ophthalmologist , took exception to Sanders ' remark that health care was a right for everyone , saying that was akin to putting physicians into slavery . `` Having a right to health care implies that you have the right to conscript me and you can enslave me , the janitor at my hospital or the person who cleans my office or the nurse , '' Paul said .
That 's what led Sanders to ask Kraus , who works as a salaried physician at a community health center in St. Johnsbury , Vermont , if she felt like a slave .
Kraus ' answer : `` I love my job . I chose to work there . I do not consider myself a slave . ''
The spirited discussion between the senators overshadowed the real reason for the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions subcommittee hearing : a discussion of a General Accountability Office report on strategies to reduce ER use .
A Russian couple have negotiated their divorce in a unique way , by building a wall through the centre of their home .
While the idea may sound like a Trump policy , it had the approval of the Russian courts earlier this year .
The wall has meant that part-owner Margareta Tsivtnenko is completely blocked off from the upper level of the home , as there is no staircase in her half of the house .
Margareta says she did n't have time or money to build a second staircase before a team of builders instructed by her husband constructed the grey brick wall .
“ Me and my son were having breakfast when builders came into the house , dragging in blocks of concrete , ” she wrote on Facebook .
“ A court official came too , armed with a statement saying that I should have built my staircase by now .
“ I showed him the earlier court 's decision that gave me more time , ” she said .
The couple , who have three children together , split in 2010 and have spent much of the last six years in court against each other .
When the divorce was finalised a court ordered them to split their assets 50/50 between them , but their main asset was the house in Moscow , worth around $ 3.2 million .
Margareta told Russian media they did not want to sell the house as “ the Russian real estate market is in crisis ” and they would n't have gotten a good deal for it .
Sergei Tsivtnenko lives in a new apartment with his new wife and rarely uses his side of the Moscow house .
For other divorcees looking for a simple way to split their assets , a Dutch company has designed floating houses that float apart if a couple separates , hopefully preventing bad situations like Margareta 's .
Video of Orphaned sea otter pup arrives at the Oregon Zoo
Orphaned otter , rescued in California this fall , is settling in at zoo 's Steller Cove habitat
A small but boisterous sea otter pup , orphaned several weeks ago along the California coast , has taken up residence at the Oregon Zoo this month .
For now known simply as `` 805 '' — the number assigned to him by Monterey Bay Aquarium 's rescue and care program — the young otter arrived in Portland Friday morning and is being cared for in a behind-the-scenes nursery at the zoo 's Steller Cove marine life habitat . This separate enclosure was funded by the Sea Otter Foundation and Trust to enable the zoo to step up and welcome an orphaned otter pup when needed .
The tiny pup , rescued in late October , was stranded in Morro Bay Harbor when he was less than 2 weeks old . Unable to be paired with a surrogate mom , he was eventually deemed non-releasable by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service .
`` We needed to locate a zoo or aquarium that could take him in , '' said Andrew Johnson , Monterey Bay Aquarium 's conservation research operations manager . `` Fortunately , the Oregon Zoo was able to provide him with a permanent home . ''
No . 805 is currently estimated to be about 2 months old , and weighs around 14 pounds .
`` When they 're young they float like corks , but he 's learning to dive now and loves showing off , '' said Oregon Zoo marine life keeper Sara Morgan , who traveled to Monterey last week to meet the pup and help prepare for his trip north . `` He 's full of spunk , very squeaky and fun to be around . He also takes a lot of naps — that 's when he 's at his fluffiest . ''
Caregivers say the young otter has started grooming himself though he still needs some help , and he is enjoying his seafood diet — both good signs that he 's settling in well .
`` Right now he definitely has a preference for shrimp , '' Morgan said . `` He seemed insulted when I tried to offer him squid . ''
Visitors should get their first look at the young pup next month , when he joins the zoo 's adult sea otters , Eddie and Juno , at Steller Cove .
Sea otters , once abundant along the Oregon coast , were hunted to extinction here in the early 1900s and have not established permanent residence in the state for more than a century . A few visiting otters have been sighted in recent years , notably in Depoe Bay in 2009 . Though currently protected from hunting by the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 , they continue to be threatened by oil spills , fishing nets and infectious diseases .
Sea otters are considered a keystone species and play critical role in the Pacific Coast marine ecosystem , promoting healthy kelp forests , which in turn support thousands of organisms .
The reason that I like films and the reason why I think most people like to watch films is because it offers them a window into a different type of world or lifestyle . Again for some this is a very fantastical world where people have superpowers and for others it 's a very similar world just seen from the gritty eyes of a homicide detective . Now what Tarantino 's films do is combine elements from both ends of the spectrums in order for audiences to explore fantastical lifestyles in the realistic framework of the world that we live in . This is the reason that Tarantino 's dialogue is so revered . While many admire Tarantino 's dialogue because of his inclusions of pop culture that is not fully the case . The reason Tarantino 's dialogue is so beloved is because he writes how audiences want people to talk . From Pulp Fiction to Death Proof , and from English to German , every time a character in Tarantino 's universe talks they speak , for lack of a better term , coolly . Each line of dialogue carries wit or some snappy remark that is its own violent act . There does not seem to be a moment in the Tarantino universe where a character will ever come up with a better comeback hours later because each line fits the moment perfectly . The reason audiences cling to this is because being able to say the right thing at the right time all the time is a fantastical thing in itself . It is the thing that most of us spend all daydreaming about whether it is in an argument with our boss , a joke with a friend , or a tender moment with a lover . In most cases a film riddled with sharp replies would be too fantastical for the audience to digest and would simply remind the audience that they are watching fabricated audiences on the big screen . This is where Tarantino then draws from the other side of the spectrum and grounds the film in the more realism base . Instead of just having the film have several sharp lines throughout or have one character who utters all of the sharp lines , he is able to craft these lines for every character nearly every time that they speak . In doing so it does not create such a big rift in the audiences suspension of disbelief when they here the lines since they are constantly being hit with them in rapid succession instead of being able to sit and think about them with moments in between . This is where the cinematic moments arise . Instead of just having one line of dialogue for fans of the film to quote outside of the film , Tarantino 's films leave them with entire conversations that they are able to quote . As a result , these scenes are able to live outside of the film and continually build on the audience 's memory of the scene so the next time that they rewatch the film and see the scenes they are larger than life and truly act as an escape for the audience into cinema .
President Trump is seen smiling broadly in his official portrait that will hang in federal buildings across the country .
The White House released the official photographs of Trump and Vice President Pence on Tuesday .
Trump 's grinning portrait is a departure from his usual stone-faced expression — his Twitter profile picture features a shot of himself with a stern look .
“ As a presidential candidate , he wanted to look dour , and vetoed any campaign imagery that so much as hinted at weakness , aides said , ” The New York Times reported in May .
“ 'Like Churchill , ' is what Mr. Trump would tell staffers when asked what look he was going for , ” the paper reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
Questions arose months ago over the absence of the portraits — getting them into more than 7,000 agencies and office buildings is typically among the first orders of business for a new commander in chief .
The Government Publishing Office ( GPO ) , which prints the images for the General Services Administration to distribute , said in July that the White House had yet to send an official snapshot .
“ GPO is standing by to reproduce copies of the president and the vice president 's photos for official use in federal facilities , and will do so as soon as the official photo files are provided to us , ” GPO spokesman Gary Somerset told The Hill at the time .
More than 130 extremist Jewish settlers on Sunday forced their way into East Jerusalem 's flashpoint Al-Aqsa Mosque compound , where they tried to perform Talmudic rituals , a Palestinian official has said .
“ Around 135 extremist settlers stormed the mosque holy compound through Al-Mugharbeh gate under the protection of Israeli police officers , ” Sheikh Azzam al-Khatib , director-general of Al-Aqsa Affairs , told Anadolu Agency .
“ The Jewish settlers tried to perform Talmudic rituals near the Al-Qibali mosque and the Dome of the Rock but they were prevented from doing so by Muslim worshipers and the mosque guards , ” he said .
According to al-Khatib , dozens of Jewish settlers , however , managed to perform Talmudic rituals at Al-Qataneen and Lions ' gates .
“ The [ Jordan-run ] Religious Endowments Authority condemns these provocative incursions by Jewish settlers , ” al-Khatib said .
For Muslims , Al-Aqsa represents the world 's third holiest site . Jews , for their part , refer to the area as the “ Temple Mount , ” claiming it was the site of two Jewish temples in ancient times .
Some extremist Jewish groups have called for the demolition of the Al-Aqsa Mosque so that a Jewish temple might be built in its place .
In September 2000 , a visit to the flashpoint religious site by controversial Israeli politician Ariel Sharon sparked what later became known as the “ Second Intifada , ” a popular uprising against the Israeli occupation in which thousands of Palestinians were killed .
Israel occupied East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East War . It later annexed the city in 1980 , claiming it as the capital of the Jewish state in a move never recognised by the international community .
Every time I write about Universal 's plans to revive their classic monsters in a big shared universe that will allow the iconic monsters share adventures and what-not , I get a little apprehensive . After all , those original movies ( Frankenstein , Dracula , The Wolf Man , etc . ) are sacred ground . They are holy texts . These movies are a cornerstone my modern self . They 're my church .
And quite frankly , I have no idea what to make of The Mummy , the first entry in the new monsters universe . So much about this project sounds promising , but the very nature of it makes me antsy . And now , there 's another piece of news for everyone to wrap their brains around – Jake Johnson has joined the film 's increasingly interesting cast .
The news broke over at The Wrap and , as you 'd expect , the specific details of the role remain guarded . It 's easy to speculate though , especially since Johnson is the exact kind of guy you cast as the wiseass research assistant to the lead character who dies on page 75 of the screenplay to help propel the heroes into a desperate , climactic battle with the title monster .
Although best known for playing Nick on New Girl , Johnson played a key role in last year 's Jurassic World , where he was the lovable audience surrogate who kept on reminding everyone how much cooler the original Jurassic Park was . Before that , he headlined the very successful Let 's Be Cops and earned his indie credentials by starring in films like Digging For Fire and Safety Not Guaranteed . He 's a fine actor , even though he does tend to play the same kind of smart aleck time and time again .
Johnson 's casting arrives one day after the news that Peaky Blinders star Annabelle Wallis is in talks to join the cast , which already includes Tom Cruise as the lead human and Kingsman : The Secret Service star Sofia Boutella as a gender-swapped take on the title monster .
The Mummy is currently set for a June 19 , 2017 release date . If all goes according to plan , it will soon be followed by new takes on The Invisible Man , Bride of Frankenstein , Van Helsing , The Wolf Man and the rest of that tragic brigade and frequently misunderstood monsters . I certainly hope director Alex Kurtzman delivers a great movie that justifies a whole new monsters universe . I really , truly do . The scars of Stephen Sommers ' Van Helsing and the Joe Johnston 's The Wolfman run deep .
Judge Andrew Napolitano really has a way of explaining the importance of basic civil liberties in a very common sense way . In his latest at Reason , “ Another Week of Government Lawlessness , ” he asks some very basic , mostly rhetorical questions :
What if that lawyer who advised the president that he could kill with drones—even Americans if he wished—has been nominated to become a federal judge ? What if the bench to which the president nominated this lawyer is the second highest court in the land ? What if the Constitution requires Senate confirmation of all of the president 's judicial nominees ? What if Sen. Rand Paul and others asked this nominee for public copies of his legal memoranda in which he found a way for the president legally to kill Americans ? What if this nominee and the president refused to make these memoranda available for public scrutiny until a court ordered them to do so ?
I have a question of my own : “ What if the media actually thought Rand Paul 's filibuster was actually important enough to cover ? ” After watching half of one local newscast and half of another last night , it occurred to me that neither had one thing to say about Rand Paul 's filibuster , good or bad . Not one word about this judicial nominee , either , not even on the crawl on the bottom of the screen !
So what did my local news think was important enough for my consumption ? The CEO of Levi 's advises his customers not to wash their jeans , the cat who saved a child from a dog attack “ threw ” out the first pitch at some minor league baseball game , and the Super Bowl Champion Seattle Seahawks visited the White House .
Is it any wonder the American public is so ignorant on critical issues that they should be thinking about before casting a vote six months from now ? The media has one job : keep the people informed . And , just like Washington , they 're failing us .
In the early nineties , Twin Peaks set the bar for so many things other than cherry pie and damn fine coffee . And I 'm not just talking kick-ass knitwear either… Ushering in the Golden Age of TV , Twin Peaks was a phenomenon . As with most things like this Twin Peaks spawned tonnes and tonnes of spin-off merchandise . Some things brilliant , somethings plain old weird . And somethings just plain bad…
We 've put together a list of 10 of the best Twin Peaks cool stuff from the nineties and present day for you to feast your eyes on . Fancy snuggling up in bed at night with the killers of Twin Peaks on your duvet ? Or perhaps a Black Lodge style rug to adorn your living room ? Check out the list below for the weird and wonderful Twin Peaks cool stuff . Let us know in the comments what you think , or if we have missed anything you think should be on the list . And do n't forget to re-tweet and share !
“ She 's dead… Wrapped in plastic… ”
Unwrap the mystery of Laura Palmer by taking a peak ( puns intended ) inside her diary as written by the daughter of David Lynch – Jennifer Lynch . This diary ( as featured in Twin Peaks – Fire Walk With Me ) chronicles the formative years of Laura 's life from the age of 12 to her death at the tender age of 17 . Uncover the secrets of how Laura went from a sweet innocent small town girl to the Twin Peaks bad girl we know from FWWM . This was essential reading back in the nineties . And it still is today . If you are a Twin Peaks fan and do n't have a copy of this already then shame on you . Get it now !
Check it out here : The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer
Do you know how to get from Big Ed 's Gas Farm to the Diner ? How about getting your hands on Norma 's recipe for her famous cherry pie ? Or perhaps you are more interested in finding out what type of tree Log Lady 's Log is from ( who does n't want to know ! ) ?
This essential guide to Twin Peaks , its places and people is a must-read for any TP fan . Full of interesting , weird and wonderful juicy nuggets of TP facts – astound your friends with your amazing knowledge of all things Twin Peaks…
Written by David Lynch and Mark Frost , if you do n't have this in your collection then now 's your chance – get reading here : Twin Peaks : An Access Guide to the Town
“ Diane ! I 'm holding in my hand a small box of chocolate bunnies . ”
Who does n't want a look inside the mind of the ultimate G-Man ? The affable , lovable , and brilliant Agent Cooper has his own biography . This is something I 've recently stumbled upon that I never knew existed . This is a bit of a rarity – so something for those hardcore dedicated Twin Peaks collectors .
Starting with Coop when he was just 13 years old ( can you actually believe he was ever that old ? ! ) this gives us a great insight into the mind and world of the heart and soul of the Twin Peaks Phenomenon . Have a closer look here : The Autobiography of F.B.I . Special Agent Dale Cooper : My Life , My Tapes
Another surprise was to find this little gem – the complete audio tape ( yes tapes , I know . But if we 're old enough to remember Twin Peaks we 're old enough for tapes right ? ) . This has the complete collection of all of Agent Cooper 's dictation tapes to our dearest Diane . Not only can we hear some of his familiar and oft-quoted Diane-isms , but it also has previously unheard tapes too .
This is another Twin Peaks rare collectable for those die-hard fans . But it certainly is worth it . This is a real TP treat – get yourself some cherry pie , damn good coffee and fully immerse yourself in the Twin Peaks vibe whilst listening to Coop dictate to Diane .
Check it out here : Diane – Twin Peaks Tapes of Agent Cooper
Ever get the feeling that your home just is n't quite enough like the Black Lodge ? Of course you do .
Well here 's a tasty little number to spruce up your pad with a touch of Twin Peaks class . Check out this super-cool Black Lodge Art Print Poster . Just do n't stare at it too long – strange things may happen…
Check it out here : The Black Lodge Art Print Poster
While we 're at it why not really add a touch of class to your home with this tasteful and minimalist Twin Peaks Framed Art Print ? There 's something about this which really captures the essence of Twin Peaks and the mind-bending experiences Coop had within the Black Lodge .
The fact that the iconic red drapes are missing actually adds something to the image . Coop looks lost , small and vulnerable at the end of of this long corridor with no visible exits . Or maybe I 've over- thought this one… ? Either way I love it . Yet another great piece of Twin Peaks inspired artwork .
Check it out here : Twin Peaks Minimalist Framed Art Print
Okay , so while you 're decorating your home to bring a bit of The Black Lodge into your daily life you might want to check this out .
This is a super-cool mega-tasteful Twin Peaks Black Lodge inspired rug . Okay , so it is not to everyone 's tastes , but I still think it is worth a mention here for it 's tasteful design . While not being overly “ Twin-Peaksy ” , it still manages to capture the vibe of The Black Lodge – the red drapes and the iconic floor pattern .
Is your living room floor looking a little bare now ? Is there an empty space screaming at you saying “ Put a rug on me ! ” Or does your existing rug now look a little boring and lacking a certain mystery ? Then check this out here : Block Lodge Dreams Rug
Be warned though , do n't spill your garmonbozia – it stains and may not wash out of this rug 🙂
Now you 've got your living room all kitted out you 'll want to sit back , relax and enjoy it – probably with a damn fine cup of coffee .
But what if you 've had too much coffee ? Here 's your answer . Get your mitts around these super-cool “ Bob made me do it ” glasses .
If you have ever needed an excuse for clumsiness and multiple spillages this is it – I did n't spill it – BOB MADE ME DO IT ! If you are a Twin Peaks fan and these glasses are not in your hand or cupboard right now then you need to do something about its stat !
Check them out here : BOB MADE ME DO IT !
Right . So far we can read about Twin Peaks , we can watch Twin Peaks , we can listen to Twin Peaks . If you want you can also eat and drink Twin Peaks ( Bob glasses and cherry pie recipe ! ) . So what 's left ? Well only one thing really – now we need to sleep Twin Peaks too .
Forget wrapping yourself in plastic – it may be warm , but it 's not comfortable . Wrap yourself up in this duvet cover instead . It 's much nicer . Check it : Welcome To Twin Peaks – Duvet Cover
Perhaps you 're sleeping too soundly in your Welcome To Twin Peaks Duvet ? Time to switch it up a bit .
Shake up your dreams a little and bed down in this comfortable brutal-killer themed duvet . Guaranteed to give you nightmares . Not guaranteed to give you dreams about the Black Lodge – that 'd be cool ( or perhaps scary ) .
Make sure the last face you see before you go to bed at night is that of our beloved Bob . If you have a little accident in the night remember what to say – BOB MADE ME DO IT !
Check it out here : Killer Twin Peaks Duvet Cover
That pretty much wraps up our guide to the weird and wonderful world of Twin Peaks inspired paraphernalia . Anything we 've missed that should have been on the list ? Let us know in the comments below . Remeber to share and like it too !
Until next time Twin Peakers !
1 . Choose the Right Recipe
2 . Choose and Fill Your Jars Correctly
Baking : Never fill jars containing leavened batter or dough more than half full . You definitely do n't want to blow the lid ( or break the jar ) while the desserts are submerged in the water bath . For baking , we like to use small , half-pint jars for two reasons : first , they 're cuter . Second , they help ensure that the dessert is cooked all the way to the center in a reasonable amount of time ( read : not all day ) . Grains : Most grains also expand as they cook , often above the water amount added . We never fill jars containing grains more than three-quarters full ( and often less , just to be safe ) . We like to cook grains in pint or quart-sized jars . Other Recipes : Ingredients that only expand a small amount , or ( like beans ) that wo n't expand past the water line , can be packed more tightly in the jars . It is still a good idea to leave at least 1/2 inch to 1 inch of space at the top of the jar just to be safe .
3 . Finger-Tip Tight is Enough
4 . Prevent Thermal Shock The biggest risk when cooking in canning jars is that they can break . We 've had community members report that their jars have broken when they are added to the hot water . Why ? Glass is sensitive to rapid temperature changes and can crack or even explode . ( The phenomenon is called thermal shock , and is the same reason why you ca n't put Pyrex under the broiler . ) Depending on how worn and banged up your jars are , they may be more or less prone to breakage . The best way to prevent cracked jars is to bring them up to temperature gradually . Here are two methods : Put the jars in the water bath early . While we normally recommend adding food to the water bath after it has come up to the correct temperature , you can post most canning jar recipes in the water bath as it heats . Recipes for grains , beans , vegetables , and proteins will all work following this method . Cakes and cookies , however , need that sudden burst of high temperature water to rise properly , so they need to wait until the water is fully heated . Keep ingredients at room temperature — or warmer . You can also prevent thermal shock by putting your ingredients into the jars while they are at room temperature or even warm . Do n't , for example , put cold cookie batter into a jar and then immediately place the jar in the water bath . Do let cake batter ingredients come to room temperature mixing it and adding it to jars . You can also use warm water to cover ingredients like grains and beans . 4.1 . … About that Water Bath… You 'll need a lot of water and space when you 're cooking with jars . Because they 're more dense than plastic , they 'll displace more of the water bath than a plastic bag . We like to use either a deep stock pot or a large plastic tub for sous vide cooking in jars . 5 . Submerge the Jars and Keep an Eye on the Water Line If you 've sealed the jars correctly , you wo n't need to worry about keeping the jar tops above the water line.When we first started cooking in jars , we were concerned about preventing water from making its way into the jar . We tried lining the pot with a rack and kitchen towels to prop up the jars , but eventually gave up . It 's much easier just to place the jars carefully into the water bath and let them float or sink as they please . They 'll be just fine . You do , however , need to keep an eye on the water line , especially when cooking in larger pint and quart jars . Recipes for dishes like no-soak beans require several hours of cooking time and the top of the water bath will drop below the top of the beans if you 're not careful . Add warm water intermittently to keep everything happy and cooking evenly . Follow these tips and tricks and you 'll soon be an expert at all things canning jars — and cutting down on your waste as well ! You can get all of these recipes on our recipe web app and in the Anova app for iOS and Android . While we normally recommend adding food to the water bath after it has come up to the correct temperature , you can post most canning jar recipes in the water bath as it heats . Recipes for grains , beans , vegetables , and proteins will all work following this method . Cakes and cookies , however , need that sudden burst of high temperature water to rise properly , so they need to wait until the water is fully heated.You can also prevent thermal shock by putting your ingredients into the jars while they are at room temperature or even warm . Do n't , for example , put cold cookie batter into a jar and then immediately place the jar in the water bath . Do let cake batter ingredients come to room temperature mixing it and adding it to jars . You can also use warm water to cover ingredients like grains and beans.You 'll need a lot of water and space when you 're cooking with jars . Because they 're more dense than plastic , they 'll displace more of the water bath than a plastic bag . We like to use either a deep stock pot or a large plastic tub for sous vide cooking in jars .
Sous vide cooking does n't always require plastic . Glass canning jars are also a fine cooking vessel , especially with recipes that require a lot of liquid or a high cooking temperature . We 've also had great success making baked goods like cakes and cookies in glass jars , but we suspect we 're only scratching the surface of potential uses for these versatile vessels . Plus , canning jars are re-usable , so you can cut down on quite a bit of waste , especially when you 're using your Precision Cooker all the time ! There are , however , a few tips and tricks to keep in mind when cooking in canning jars . Some of these tips may be familiar if you read our guide to baking , but here we go into greater detail so you can do more than just bake in your jars.Many sous vide recipes expand or release gasses and/or liquid as they cook . Plastic bags are flexible and can expand and react to changes in the volume of your food . Glass jars , on the other hand , can not . Because of this , it is important to leave extra breathing room at the top of the jars . Here are some rules of thumb : We 've said this once , and we 'll say it again ( and again ) : Never ever tighten the jar lids all the way . Air needs to be able to escape from the jars when these recipes are cooking . Screw the bands on just until you start to feel resistance . This is tight enough to prevent water from seeping into the jars and will still allow for air to escape .
Shaking felt from DC to New England from 4.1 earthquake in Delaware
Shaking was felt from Southern New England to Washington , D.C. from a preliminary magnitude 4.1 earthquake that struck just before 5 p.m. Thursday northeast of Dover , Delaware.The United States Geological Survey said the epicenter was located near the coast of Delaware Bay , approximately 6 miles northeast of Dover . Reports on the USGS website indicated shaking felt from parts of Connecticut and Rhode Island south to Washington , DC and Virginia.There were no immediate reports of injures or damage . The last earthquake to hit the mid-Atlantic was in 2011 , when a 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit about 90 miles southwest of Washington , with shaking felt across much of the East Coast including here in New England.That quake caused significant damage to the Washington Monument and forced its closure for over a year.East Coast earthquakes are rare events , but they are high-risk because many buildings are not designed to withstand strong shaking .
Shaking was felt from Southern New England to Washington , D.C. from a preliminary magnitude 4.1 earthquake that struck just before 5 p.m. Thursday northeast of Dover , Delaware .
The United States Geological Survey said the epicenter was located near the coast of Delaware Bay , approximately 6 miles northeast of Dover .
Advertisement
Reports on the USGS website indicated shaking felt from parts of Connecticut and Rhode Island south to Washington , DC and Virginia .
There were no immediate reports of injures or damage .
The last earthquake to hit the mid-Atlantic was in 2011 , when a 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit about 90 miles southwest of Washington , with shaking felt across much of the East Coast including here in New England .
That quake caused significant damage to the Washington Monument and forced its closure for over a year .
East Coast earthquakes are rare events , but they are high-risk because many buildings are not designed to withstand strong shaking .
AlertMe
The Environmental Protection Agency and Allegheny County Health Department have issued a notice of violation for air pollution at U.S. Steel 's Edgar Thompson plant in Braddock in what could mark the start of stricter enforcement at such facilities .
Both agencies said they observed multiple violations of both county and federal rules beginning in February 2016 and continuing into 2017 , according to a county news release .
Excessive visible emissions , failure to maintain equipment and failure to certify compliance with the plant 's Title V operating permit are among the violations .
“ This notice of violation represents a strategic change in ACHD 's enforcement efforts by utilizing all of our legal options , which in this case is a joint action with EPA , ” Dr. Karen Hacker , health department director , said in the release . “ With EPA on board , our enforcement power is exponentially increased . ”
The notice begins the process of determining the penalties and equipment improvements that will be required to return the plant to compliance , the release said .
Theresa Clift is a Tribune-Review staff writer . Reach her at 412-380-5669 , tclift @ tribweb.com or via Twitter @ tclift .
Aaron Aupperlee is a Tribune-Review staff reporter . You can contact Aaron at 412-320-7986 , aaupperlee @ tribweb.com or via Twitter .
For the second year in a row , California officials are likely to shorten the chinook salmon season , making the local specialty costly and hard to find throughout the summer and possibly beyond .
With chinook salmon at its lowest population in years , West Coast fishery managers are considering a proposal to strictly limit the commercial season and to delay its start around the San Francisco Bay from its usual May date to August . A final decision will be made on Tuesday .
“ You 're probably going to find it only in your upscale grocery stores and upscale restaurants , and it 's not going to be always available . It 's probably not going to be cheap , ” said Dave Bitts , a Eureka fisherman and adviser to the Pacific Fishery Management Council , which manages fisheries in the federal waters off California , Oregon and Washington .
When announced , the decision will be compounded by the council 's decision on Monday to close the Pacific sardine fishery for the third year in a row , a move that had been anticipated because of the sardines ' low population count .
Back to Gallery California likely to shorten chinook salmon season 3 1 of 3 Photos : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle 2 of 3 Photos : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle 3 of 3 Photos : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle
Salmon , along with Dungeness crab , is one of the largest fisheries in the region , worth $ 8 million in California in 2015 , though often much more . The Pacific Fishery Management Council bases its recommendations on population estimates , which this year could be as low as 230,700 adult salmon for the Bay Area coast . In a good year , the population should be around 1 million . The low numbers are due to lingering effects of the drought , because impacts on the population are felt about three or four years behind years with little rain .
The most likely outcome of the council 's meeting is that California 's commercial salmon season will start on May 1 in areas south of Pigeon Point in San Mateo County and last only from Aug. 1 to Sept. 30 in the area between Pigeon Point and Point Arena in Mendocino County . Boats would be able to fish in the area between Point Arena and Horse Mountain ( Humboldt County ) only during September , further limiting the availability of the fish . Plus , parts of Oregon 's commercial fishery are also set to be delayed or closed .
However , the recreational salmon season did open April 1 .
David Budworth of Marina Meats , a butcher shop and seafood retailer in San Francisco , said his contacts in the fishing industry have an even gloomier outlook .
“ The word on the street is it is probably not going to open , ” said Budworth , echoing a bit of recent fishery gossip , often called “ dock talk. ” Regardless of what actually happens , he 's not planning on buying any this spring or summer , because he predicts he would have to sell it at $ 35 to $ 40 a pound .
“ As much as I would love to deal with the local fish , at that price it 's not even worth it , ” said Budworth , who sells frozen-at-sea wild Alaska salmon year-round — not a bargain either , at $ 30.99 a pound currently .
Last year 's commercial salmon season in California was also limited , but not as much , and many in the salmon fleet are having to regroup in preparation for another bad season .
“ It 's going to be pretty poor , ” said fisherman Mike Dvorak , while crabbing Monday just off Montara . “ It 's going to make a living in the fishing industry harder . ”
That said , Dvorak knew that the drought would take its toll on his ability to fish salmon , and he has been diversifying his business with charter-boat fishing and crabbing to stay in the industry .
“ Over the last few years , I 've definitely come to the conclusion that I can not count on salmon . I 've had a great time and made some money , but I 've found I ca n't count on it , ” he said . “ It used to be really consistent . ”
Between 2013 and 2015 , the chinook salmon harvest dropped by two-thirds , falling in value from $ 22.7 million to $ 8 million .
For home cooks who do n't fish and want to get their hands on local salmon this spring and summer , Eureka 's Bitts has some advice .
“ If you see it and you like it and you can afford it , I say grab it , ” said Bitts . “ It might not be here next week . ”
Tara Duggan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : tduggan @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ taraduggan
Do you like to puff it cool and safe ? Definitely there is a way to get that . E-cigarettes are best placed for sensational smoking enjoyment that any smoker can hope for . These devices are for those who know that tobacco is a killer and want something that is friendly , cool and just thrilling to puff .
Who said that smoking should make you smell like an ashtray that you ca n't hide your presence in a room ? Who said that your teeth should lose their color just because you want to satisfy your nicotine craving ? What about high insurance premiums because you 're a high risk person . You can toss all such worries out .
If craving for nicotine is what pushes you to burning tobacco , now there is a new way to smoke and get double the satisfaction at no expenditure of your health . The simple , cool , stunning and clean e-cig devices ensure that you get just the right nicotine dose minus carcinogens , tar , ammonia and carbon monoxide that hide in that tobacco smoke to kill you .
With e-cigarettes , you wo n't miss catching those exciting moments on TV or theatre just because you left the room to go light your tobacco stick . Instead , e-cigars give you the convenience to tab and enjoy your vaping right inside the hall or living room . You worry about your little one ? No more such worries because the vapor that you exhale quickly evaporates into the air .
Electronic cigarettes take smoking experience to whole new levels . They come in many different flavors such as menthol , classic taste , strawberry , vanilla and coconut . You can also adjust your nicotine intake by varying the cartridge nicotine density that is palatable to your throat .
This is not tobacco , so “ No Tobacco Smoking ” signs mean less to vapers . Get your device , active the battery and get puffing anywhere . There is no more public smoking taboo when you switch to electronic cigarettes .
Some Advantages of Electronic Cigarettes
The operation of e-cigarettes is based on the atomization of the liquid solution of nicotine that gives the users a feeling of smoking an ordinary cigarette . This newly found package has a series of advantages compared to their convectional counterparts including :
Better Health
Smoking e-cigarettes is a healthier alternative to smoking tobacco cigarettes . This is because it does not contain carcinogenic substances like carbon monoxide found in analog cigarettes . Moreover , with electronic cigarettes , there is no worry about yellow teeth or fingers or even the smell of smoke .
Reduced Costs
Although e-cigarettes are expensive to acquire , they are relatively cheaper in the long- run . This results from the fact that tax on tobacco does not affect e-cigarettes ( yet ) . Empty cartridges can be refilled at a low cost as compared to buying a new pack of ordinary cigarette . And , you can always visit sites like vape.deals to find cheap vape mods .
Benefits for Passive Smokers
Electronic cigarettes have no second hand smoke . The vapor produced quickly vanishes and leaves no odor or smoke . Thus , e-cigarettes can be used even in public without posing health hazards to non-smokers .
I Bought It Affiliate Links
I recently bought one of the new Etude House Bubble Tea Sleeping Packs in Black Tea . I 'm obsessed with skincaretainment , bubble tea , and cute things , so it seemed like a good match for me . I conveniently forgot my second mantra– “ Life is too short for Etude House skincare ” –when making the purchase ( I was too busy remembering my first mantra , “ No matter what Gwynneth Paltrow says , do n't eat skincare “ ) .
When I posted a quick unboxing video on Instagram a few people wanted to know if it 's good or not . I usually take months to review products and only review a few of the best from my collection , but I wanted to get a “ first impressions ” review up so that you have more information about the product before tossing money at Etude House no matter what I say .
Oh shit this is cute as hell
Etude House , makers of kbeauty makeup , skincare , tools , and kitty ear spa headbands , recently released a new line of sleeping packs designed to look like bubble tea . Honestly , we did n't stand a chance . This shit is CUTE , like , Jongin with small children and puppies cute .
Black Tea is intended to firm skin and moisturize .
Green Tea is supposed to help with enlarged pores and excessive oil .
Strawberry Tea is designed to help with dry skin .
It 's freaking adorable . Each jar contains skincare boba . It 's tiny bubble tea that you put on your face~~ < 3 . I can tell y'all want this boba jelly because this video of the product in action is my most-liked post on Instagram ever .
A video posted by Tracy ( @ fanserviced ) on Apr 26 , 2016 at 4:55pm PDT
Ingredients
Water , Propanediol , Glycerin , PEG/PPG-17/6 Copolymer , Alcohol Denat. , Butylene Glycol , Sodium Hyaluronate , Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract ( 1,900ppb ) , Natto Gum , Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis ( Sweet Almond ) Seed Extract , Dipropylene Glycol , Beta-Glucan , BIS-PEG-18 Methyl Ether Dimethyl Silane , Panthenol , PEG-60 Hydrogenated Castor Oil , Agar , Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Glyceryl Acrylate/Acrylic Acid Copolymer , Sodium Polyacrylate , Coptis Japonica Root Extract , Theobroma Cacao ( Cocoa ) Seed Extract , Hydrogenated Lecithin , Sodium Carbomer , Hydroxyacetophenone , Carbomer , Tromethamine , Titanium Dioxide ( CI 77891 ) , Disodium EDTA , Ethylhexylglycerin , 1,2-Hexanediol , Iron Oxides ( CI 77491 ) , Iron Oxides ( CI 77499 ) , Fragrance . CosDNA analysis .
I have to laugh that the amount of Camellia Sinensis ( green tea ) Leaf Extract is 1,900 parts per billion when the amount of Camellia Japonica ( camellia ) Flower Extract in my current favorite night cream is 54.72 % of the whole jar . LOL That would be fine if the formula made my skin feel great and hydrated , but…it does n't .
Please god I ca n't stand to use this another day
This is honestly one of the most lackluster skincare products I 've had the misfortune to use in some time . In case you 're not familiar with sleeping packs , they 're moisturizing overnight masks that you apply at the end of your skincare routine before sleeping to lock/pump in moisture . Great sleeping packs plump fine lines , hydrate deeply , and banish dead skin flakes . Sleeping packs are generally supposed to be a super-charged moisturizer that goes beyond regular lotions , emulsions , and creams to deliver a fuckton of skincare goodness .
The Etude House Sleeping Pack , on my skin , felt a good deal less effective than even the last lotion I used . This pack is supposed to firm and moisturize , but in my tests , this product delivered so little moisture that my skin would have been better off with literally any other moisturizer in my arsenal replacing it . On days when I used a sheet mask or lots of a watery essence before applying the pack , I woke up with skin that felt ok. On days when I just applied the sleeping pack , I woke up and my skin was under-hydrated–it almost felt like I had used nothing the night before . For my skin , just about any sheet mask delivers much better results .
I have normal-to-oily skin that can be dry sometimes due to the acids and prescription retinoid I use , but my skin was in generally good condition when I used this–meaning that this would n't have worked for me at all when my skin was a bit more dry . At the same time , I did n't notice any sort of increased oil control on days after I used the sleeping pack .
To the best of my knowledge , I do n't think I 've ever complained on fan-b about a skincare product not delivering enough moisture . This is a first . It delivers so little to my skin that it 's not worth the 30 seconds or so it takes to apply the product .
Compared to some other products
CosRx Oil-Free Ultra-Moisturizing Lotion with Birch Sap has a similar milky , light texture , but it hydrates SO much better while not giving my skin a heavy , sticky feeling . If I were a teenager again , this is the lotion I 'd use every day and night , I think . I 'm , like , two teenagers old and I still use it regularly .
TonyMoly Banana Sleeping Pack also comes in a novelty package , but it 's actually packed with emollients that help to soften and soothe dry skin . It 's an example , in my opinion , of a kbeauty product in fun packaging done right .
Laneige Water Sleeping Mask is THE classic kbeauty sleeping pack . It 's a watery gel that actually dries down on my skin , but results in plumped , moist skin in the morning
Su : m 37 Water-full Aqua Sleeping Pack is a good choice if you want a beautiful package and do n't mind dropping some $ $ $ to get it .
Blossom Jeju Pink Camellia Soombi Blooming Cream is what I actually use these days to blast my skin with goodness all night ; it 's loaded with amazing , proven extracts and saves my skin even on days I 've overexfoliated and have dry skin .
Should You Buy It ?
Naw .
Will You Buy It ?
Yes , it 's a tiny bubble tea sleeping pack , if you have n't bought it , you will even though it 's terrible imo . Because it 's tiny bubble tea that you put on your face~~ < 3 . Maybe it will work for you ! I just wanted to put my opinion out there so people have a bit more information than the promotional images alone .
Where to Buy It
If you must : Memebox | eBay | Etude House Global | Amazon | Jolse | TesterKorea | KPopTown
Disclosure : This post contains affiliate links . Clicking those links before you shop means that fan-b receives a small commission , which helps to support the blog . Please see my full disclosure for more information .
With the push of a button , 300 drones ascend from a ground station and float over a nearby lake . You ca n't see them at first—it 's well after sundown—but you can hear them falling into formation . The music starts , the drones light up , and the choreography begins . This is n't just the latest Disney World attraction . It 's a whole new breed of entertainment .
That 's the hope for both Disney and Intel , anyway , as they prepare to launch previews of their `` Starbright Holidays '' extravaganza in Orlando . The drones are Intel 's new Shooting Star quadcopters , and while this is n't Intel 's biggest air show—the company synced up 500 of them earlier this year in Sydney—it will be the first implementation in which Disney 's imagineers helped guide the production .
`` Our drones , together with Disney 's expertise in animation as well as storytelling , and the music score , together make what we think is going to be a groundbreaking for of entertainment , '' says Josh Walden , general manager of Intel 's New Technology Group .
It 's taken five months of close coordination between Intel and Disney to get this far , all to the end of creating a live experience that 's as engrossing as it is technologically innovative . And what 's fun for the whole family today may end up having more serious applications down the road .
Drone Home
The final details of the Starbright Holidays show are still being worked out . What we do know , though , is how the Shooting Star drones work . In short , very impressively .
I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space . Josh Walden , general manager of Intel 's New Technology Group
The drones themselves do n't look like much , but then again they 're not supposed to ; they 're simply flying LED delivery systems , capable of creating over four billion color combinations . They each weigh a little over half a pound , are just over a foot long and wide , and feature a soft-frame construction of plastics and foam ( safety first ) .
What matters much more is what the drones can do when they 're aloft . Namely , anything you tell them to , in any combination . What Intel has created is not simply drone hardware , but an entire platform on which to build aerial spectacles .
`` They way that they work is that they wirelessly talk with the computer . The drones do n't actually communicate with each other , '' says Walden . `` You program them upfront for the light show itself , and then the drones essentially are independent . ''
Intel
They 're also highly adaptable . Drones are n't assigned light show roles until after a computer has queried each individually , assessing characteristics like battery level and GPS signal before divvying up assignments . Once the algorithms crunch through which drone is best for a given flight , an operator can deploy them with the push of a button .
While 300 sounds like ( and is ) a lot of drones , several also wait in reserve , just in case . `` We have more drones on the ground than the actual light show needs , '' says Walden . In the event that an active drone suffers a battery failure or a GPS glitch , a backup can dynamically sub in . The Shooting Star models can fly within five feet of one another , and can stay airborne for up to 20 minutes , though the Starbright Holidays exhibition should wind up a bit shorter .
While the drone show is n't a Disney exclusive , Walden says his team is `` heads down '' on making sure the Starbright debut goes off smoothly . The technology used to make that happen , though , could also have implications well beyond the amusement park .
Global Swarming
Drones that can be programmed in days or even hours to fly in tight formation ? That 's good for an aerial ballet , but could be even better for a much broader range of applications . After all , what 's one drone when you can send 500 ?
`` I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space , '' says Walden . It would n't be surprising some day to see companies deploy dozens or hundreds of drones to complete inspections of construction areas , assist in agricultural work , or even form a search and rescue party in the event of a natural disaster .
Walden acknowledges that the technology is n't quite there today , and neither are federal regulations . There 's only so much you can do with a drone army that needs to remain within your line of sight .
Still , the FAA has already signaled its willingness to work with companies like Intel , recently began offering waivers from certain drone restrictions ( including , crucially for Starbright Holidays , the ability to fly drones at night ) . It helps , too , that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich chairs the FAA 's Drone Advisory Committee .
Until those changes actually take place ? A dazzling drone light show sounds like a perfectly wonderful way to kill time .
A full 20 per cent of Newfoundland and Labrador 's health care budget is being misused , according to the head of a health care advocacy group .
Unnecessary tests , medications and procedures are gumming up wait lists and costing hundreds of millions of dollars , according to Dr. Pat Parfrey , the project lead for Choosing Wisely NL .
Parfrey is a kidney specialist , and a professor at the Memorial University School of Medicine . He says unnecessary spending is taking a chunk out of the province 's $ 3-billion health care budget — and can even be doing harm to patients .
`` There is unnecessary testing in imaging testing , x-rays , in various places . Nearly every place is associated with unnecessary testing , '' Parfrey told Here and Now 's Debbie Cooper in a sit-down interview on Wednesday .
`` I think that it just gets worse as medicine gets more complex , and as the type of testing and imaging procedures develop . ''
He says though patients sometimes go into a doctor 's office demanding a test or medication , what they are demanding could cause them harm .
There 's a lot of radiation in some scans , he says . And the proliferation of antibiotic use is leading to antibiotic resistance , which is a problem in the province 's hospitals and care homes .
Changing the conversation
Parfrey said the three-month-old initiative , Choosing Wisely NL , is hoping to change the conversation around testing in the province .
It 's a collaboration between Memorial University , the medical association , the provincial government and others .
This idea of how you choose is important - Pat Parfrey
They are hoping to work with patients and doctors , those ultimately responsible for the administration of tests , to cut the amount of unnecessary procedures and medications .
According to Parfrey , it 's about administering the right tests , at the right time , to the right patient .
Dr. Patrick Parfrey tells CBC 's Here and Now that about 20 per cent of Newfoundland and Labrador 's health care budget is misused . 9:48
He said when there 's no indication of cancer , nerve damage or infection , for example , `` getting low back testing , very quickly , is unnecessary , but getting it done [ if the condition persists for ] six weeks is necessary . ''
Not only does the test take time for the patient and doctors , but it also denies a spot to another patient who might truly need it .
`` What we would like the system to do [ is ] get the right test … to the right patient … and get it done quickly , rather than have a huge waiting list . ''
`` Getting this balance between using the [ procedure or test ] when it 's needed , getting the public to understand [ when ] it 's not needed , and for the doctor to be able to resist the demand is a complicated problem . ''
Parfrey sees the Choosing Wisely NL project as a long-term endeavour .
With enough exposure and trust from doctors and patients , information from the group might be able to persuade people not to order an unnecessary test .
`` This idea of how you choose is important , and we do n't , I do n't believe , provide enough emphasis on this idea of choosing wisely . ''
Doug Scott , who descended Karakoram Ogre in the Himalayas on broken legs last year , has rejected the Victoria Sporting Club 's Valour in Sport award
Doug Scott , the mountaineer who crawled for six days down a Himalayan peak after breaking both legs , has rejected a bravery award . He reversed his decision to accept the trophy yesterday , five days before a presentation ceremony was due to be held in London .
His decision to accept the Victoria Sporting Club 's Valour in Sport gold wreath only came after fellow climber Chris Bonington had told him that up to £25,000 came with the award . Mr Scott had planned to give his to the Mount Everest Foundation , which channels grants to mountaineering expeditions .
But yesterday , after talking to the head of the Victoria Club 's award committee , he found that he had been misled .
“ I had no hesitation in turning it down and I think it is rather unsporting of the Sporting Club to suggest I turned it down because there was n't enough loot in it for myself . It would not help climbing for me to accept it. ” When he first heard of the award he had not wanted to be included because it would introduce commercialism into the sport .
He and Bonington had decided that they would take the money - as a team - but would ask for the cheque to be made out to the Everest foundation . “ No climber that I know of has ever taken a cash award . It is just anathema to climbers . It is something which is just not done . ”
Mr Scott 's descent from the Karakoram Ogre last July , though agonising and courageous , was seen by fellow mountaineers as little more than common sense . The only alternative was to stay on the top and probably die .
However , Sir Stanley Rous , chairman of the panel of judges , has written to Mr Scott saying that he regrets the climber 's decision and Mr Cyril Levan , founder of the award , said : “ Frankly , I am utterly disgusted . I hope we have n't yet reached the day when we have to value courage for cash . ”
The award is presented annually . Last year 's winner was Niki Lauda , the Austrian racing driver who returned to the track after nearly dying in a crash .
The award committee will meet at the weekend to decide who will now get the trophy . The favourite is the racing driver David Purley , who , like Lauda , has returned to the sport after a serious accident .
Chris Brasher investigated the furore for the Observer
James Morehen , Sports Scientist for Nutrition X and Sports Performance Nutritionist at Widnes Vikings , writes his second blog post of a series about pre-game meals , explaining why it is important to get right what you put in your body in the build-up to a big game .
You can view the first in the series here .
Rugby Muscle Biopsy Study
Since performance and fatigue are linked to reduced muscle glycogen , it is common for rugby players to carbohydrate load in the days leading up to kick off , in an attempt to optimise muscle glycogen stores for performance . However , to date , with little research in rugby , it is difficult to say how much carbohydrate is necessary to fuel an 80 minute rugby game . To fill this research gap , our team administered a 3g/kg and 6g/kg carbohydrate diet to half of the team respectively , as previously discussed in the first blog .
In our case the research showed individuals ' saturated muscle glycogen stores at different levels . We observed a spread of glycogen levels across players but on average we can report that ingesting 6g/kg was no better than 3g/kg carbohydrate at increasing muscle glycogen to levels necessary for maintaining rugby game play intensity , when ingested over a 36 hour period prior to kick-off .
It must be stressed however that although average muscle glycogen concentration was the same across groups and all of the 6g/kg players began with high muscle glycogen content , two players in the 3g/kg group began the game with what could be considered low muscle glycogen . Practically , this would have big implications in terms of premature fatigue during game play , detrimental effects on game performance and likely early substitution .
The practical message to take…
Although a 3g/kg carbohydrate load did saturate some players to similar muscle glycogen levels to those on a 6g/kg carbohydrate load pre-game , it did not saturate all of them .
Therefore we would highly advise and recommend fuelling the 36-hour window before kick off in line with a 6g/kg carbohydrate diet . As alluded to above , this is based on the evidence provided from the select players we analysed and the fact that consuming a 3g/kg carbohydrate diet may run the risk of not only entering the game with substantially lower glycogen levels , but most probably experiencing premature fatigue .
It is interesting to note , however , that although we advise a 6g/kg carbohydrate load leading into a game , this is still below the typically recommended 8-12g/kg that has previously been advised for team sport athletes .
Summarising , irrespective to what carbohydrate load the players performed , both groups used similar amounts of muscle glycogen during the rugby game .
Below is a strategic meal plan following a 6g/kg carbohydrate load for 36 hours before kick-off . As I have already mentioned , this is certainly not the perfect plan for everyone , but can certainly be used as a template and dynamically altered to suit individual player needs .
* The below template was analysed through nutritics.com . The nutrient table has been added to show the g/kg for both carbohydrate and protein , but note that this may fluctuate depending on what nutrient analysis software is used and also the brands of foods selected .
Nutrition Strategy – Day before game
Breakfast
1 portion of Coco Pops : 100g
Serving of semi-skimmed milk : 200ml
1 small carton of orange juice : 200ml
1 small white roll w/jam
Snack
1 small pot of flavoured Muller Rice
Nutrition-X Ultimate protein shake : 60g
1 medium banana
Lunch
1 bag of Tilda Brown Rice : 250g
1 breast of grilled chicken : 130g
1 small white roll
1 bottle of sports energy drink : 330g
Snack
Nutrition-X Ultimate protein shake : 60g
1 medium banana
1 bottle of sports energy drink : 330g
Dinner
1 bag of Brown Rice : 250g
1 breast of grilled chicken : 130g
1 small white roll
1 bottle of sports energy drink : 330g
Supper
Serving of semi-skimmed milk : 200ml
Nutrition-X Ultimate protein shake : 60g
Carbohydrate Protein Fat Intake 637.8g 206.5g 49.2g g/kg body-weight 6.7 2.2 0.5
GAME DAY
On game day itself , individual players like to consume varying amounts of both fluids and foods . Some players like to consume a big breakfast followed by a smaller lunch with a mixture of low , medium and high GI carbohydrates , whereas others only like to consume a big breakfast as they struggle to stomach food too close to kick off . This is where player preference should really be accounted for to allow minimal disturbance to a player 's match day routine .
For those players that do struggle to consume in the lead up to kick off on game day , below is an idea of both food , fluid and gels combining multiple carbohydrate sources that will allow ~170g to be easily achieved during and around the game .
Game Day Nutrition Strategy
Homemade rice and raisin squares : 50g , 1-hour pre game
Nutrition X Energel+ : 30g , pre game
Sports drink : during 1st half
Nutrition X Energel : 30g , half-time
Sports drink : during 2nd half
James Morehen is part of the team who have developed Nutrition X 's range of fully tested products , which have become the No.1 choice of sports nutrition for numerous elite athletes , amateur sports people and casual gym users alike . For more information , or to discuss your sports nutrition requirements , please contact James via www.nutritionx.co.uk
SCOTLAND Yard has been given more money to probe an “ important ” new lead in the disappearance of Madeleine McCann .
The development is being taken so seriously that senior Whitehall officials have been briefed by the Met on its progress .
PA : Press Association 10 Scotland Yard are being given more money to probe new lead in Madeleine McCann 's disappearance
Detectives are following a tip that a gang of European traffickers snatched the tot after taking pictures of her .
It could end up proving that she is still alive , nearly ten years after she vanished .
The search for Madeleine has been extended by months after Scotland Yard was given more cash .
But senior cops admit the investigation of the new lead is the “ last throw of the dice ” in their hunt .
Reuters 10 Madeleine was holidaying with parents Gerry and Kate McCann and younger siblings in 2007 when she disappeared in the night
The Met is taking the development so seriously that leading Whitehall officials are being briefed on its progress .
A source said : “ This is an important new line of inquiry which could provide an explanation on whether Madeleine was abducted and transported away .
“ It raises hope that she could still be alive . ”
Retired Yard detective Colin Sutton said the extra money for the last line of inquiry means “ there must be something worthwhile ” .
PA : Press Association 10 Detectives are investigating tip-off that Madeleine was taken by child traffickers
A focus of the inquiry is whether Madeleine , who vanished just days before her fourth birthday in May 2007 , was abducted by traffickers .
One witness has claimed the youngster was photographed on the beach with her parents in the days leading up to her disappearance .
Madeleine was on holiday with her family in Praia da Luz , in Portugal 's Algarve .
The last-ditch move to discover her fate comes eight months after Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe predicted the force 's £12million Operation Grange probe was coming to an end .
News Group Newspapers Ltd 10 The view from the apartment above the room that Madeline McCann was in when she went missing
He had said that it was likely to conclude within a few months after a final matter was checked out .
Grange 's extension offers renewed hope for Madeleine 's parents Kate and Gerry , both 48 , from Rothley , Leics .
The couple also believe their daughter , who would now be 13 , could have been kidnapped and sold by traffickers .
They have researched human trafficking comprehensively since Madeleine vanished and Kate has met representatives from several charities who help victims .
Reports following Madeleine 's disappearance suggested she could have been taken to Belgium or Morocco in North Africa .
Madeleine McCann Handout 10 A poster released three years after Madeleine McCann 's disappearance , with a picture of what she may have looked like by 2010
She vanished from her bed in a holiday apartment while her parents ate a tapas meal nearby with friends .
The source said : “ There is specific information which is being investigated .
“ The team is trying to confirm or disprove it and will exhaust every possible avenue of information , as they always promised Mr and Mrs McCann they would . ''
The source said : “ The Home Office has agreed to continue funding the police work until it is completed .
“ At present , funding is due to run out next April when it will be reviewed again . ”
Metropolitan Police 10 A man seen by a friend of the McCann near the resort was later ruled out as an innocent Brit carrying his daughter
The child trafficking theory was first raised by private investigators working for the McCanns in late 2007 .
They believed there could have been gang “ spotters ” working in the Portuguese resort .
There were reports of a man with binoculars looking at children on the beach and of men taking photos of kids .
The McCanns believe the pictures may have been shown to traffickers who then selected Madeleine .
The theory was given further credence by Scotland Yard who provided information about a Belgian paedophile ring to the Portuguese authorities in March 2008 .
PA : Press Association 10 There were reports of a man with binoculars looking at children on the beach near the resort
The Met 's clubs and vice unit received a tip that the ring had placed an order for a “ young girl ” just three days before Madeleine went missing .
Leicestershire Police , who at that point led the Operation Task effort to help find Madeleine , were also informed .
A friend of the McCanns said : “ Trafficking into Belgium and North Africa has always formed a very strong part of the investigation .
“ There is definitive hard evidence that this is happening and they have looked into the fact someone was targeting children and may well have been stealing to order . ”
Times Newspapers Ltd 10 Kate and Gerry McCann walk with their twins Sean and Amelie
In 2011 , police in Portugal smashed a trafficking ring snatching young women and underage girls in the Algarve and Aveiro , in the north of the country .
Anti-child trafficking charity ECPAT International said Portugal was “ attractive to traffickers ” because of the ease in which children can be driven through borders .
DPA 10 Kate and Gerry McCann released a plea to then-Prime Minister David Cameron in 2010 when the Portuguese police shut down the enquiry
Police have carried out excavations in Praia da Luz looking for Madeleine 's remains .
But they have always thought there was a possibility she was taken further afield , possibly by traffickers , a predatory paedophile or someone who wanted to raise her as their child .
The Grange investigation was launched in May 2011 .
Getty Images 10 In April the Home Office gave an additional £95,000 to he probes , and have apparently done the same now
It followed a personal plea from Kate to then Prime Minister David Cameron after the Portuguese closed down their inquiry .
In October last year the Met probe was dramatically scaled down .
The Home Office granted the inquiry another £95,000 in April to continue for a further six months .
Sources say that has now been matched with a similar sum .
A family source said : “ Kate and Gerry will not comment on any part of Operation Grange . ”
The Met Police also declined to comment .
related stories Missing case solved Who was Peggy Knobloch , the ‘ German Madeleine McCann ' and who are the National Socialist Underground ? THE HUNT GOES ON Latest on Maddie 's disappearance which has gripped the world for a decade MCCANNS THANK THE SUN Official Find Madeleine McCann campaign says The Sun has kept hunt for missing daughter alive MADDIE PROBE Fraud cops ‘ investigating Madeleine McCann Justice fund raising thousands to sue Kate and Gerry McCann ' WORLD 'S HUNT FOR MADDIE We reveal 8,685 'sightings ' of Madeleine McCann across 101 countries as search continues
Diary of despair
I had a garage sale today , and a number of people came and bought stuff . Most of them left . Here are the ones who are still sticking around .
1 . The Guy Who Bought My Lamp
Advertisement
I expected the guy who bought my lamp to leave after he bought my lamp . But he did not leave . He sat down on my lawn and started reading the newspaper . I went up to him and asked him if he needed help with anything , and he said , “ Nope . Been saving my appetite all day. ” I did n't really know what that meant , but someone had a question about my foosball table at that moment so I did n't have time to get clarification on that .
2 . The Couple Who Did n't Buy Anything But Spent A Lot Of Time Browsing My Box Of National Geographics And Then Got In Their Car And Took A Nap
Advertisement
These people seemed really into my National Geographics , so I was pretty surprised when they decided not to buy them . I was also surprised when , instead of leaving , they just got in their car and started napping . They 're still asleep , and there 's a little Post-it on their window that says , “ Wake us up when it 's ready . ”
3 . The Old Woman Who Bought My Vacuum
Advertisement
When the old lady who bought my vacuum offered to pay for my vacuum by vacuuming my house , I thought it was a little odd but also kind of nice . My place is a little dusty these days , and definitely could use a good vacuuming . So I said yes . I wish that she had left after she finished vacuuming my house . She is now in the kitchen and has been vacuuming the same corner for the last 20 minutes . Plus , she keeps chiming in on how to make the pasta sauce . I have to admit she did a pretty good job cleaning my house , though . I do n't know how to ask her to leave without sounding rude .
4 . The Lady Who Bought A Plate , A Fork , And A Knife
Advertisement
I assumed this woman bought these items for her own home , but it 's been three hours and she is just standing by the front door sneaking peeks at the kitchen through the window . This is becoming stressful .
5 . The Kid Who Bought My Toaster Even Though I Told Him It Was Broken And Then Handed Me A List Of His Allergies
Advertisement
When this kid asked me how much I wanted for the toaster , I was up-front about the fact that it was broken . But that did n't matter to him . He bought the thing for 50 cents and then handed me a list of allergies he had . Now he is sitting out on the lawn along with the guy who bought my lamp , and I think they 're working on a crossword puzzle together . I really do n't think I have enough ingredients to make food for all these people . Also , there are a lot of allergies on this list .
6 . The Older Gentleman Who Brought A Raw Steak To My Garage Sale And Then Bought A Coatrack
Advertisement
I do n't know why the old man who bought the coatrack brought a raw steak to my garage sale . After he purchased the coatrack , he placed the raw steak in a dish to marinate , then put it in my garage fridge . I asked him what he was doing , and he said , “ Got ta marinate this bad boy for dos horas , compadre . Buon appetito. ” He is still here , and his steak is still marinating . Overall , I 'd say the garage sale itself was a success because I made about $ 250 . But it ended hours ago and all these people have not left yet , and I do n't know what to do .
Gaborone , Botswana | AFP | A court in Botswana on Friday ruled that a transgender man who has been identified as a woman since birth should be allowed to change gender on his identity document , his lawyers said .
The court in the southern town of Lobatse ordered the country 's registrar to change the gender on his document from “ female ” to “ male ” given that he himself identifies as the latter .
The court found the authorities ' refusal to change his identity was “ unreasonable ” and violated his rights to dignity and freedom of expression , as well as freedom from inhumane and degrading treatment .
“ This is an immense relief , ” said the unnamed man in a statement released by the Southern Africa Litigation Centre , a legal campaign group .
“ I am hopeful that other persons who find themselves in a similar situation will be dealt with in a more respectful manner when they apply for new identity cards , ” he said .
“ This is a monumental victory for the rights of transgender persons in the region , ” said his lawyer , Tashwill Esterhuizen .
Although touted as one of Africa 's most democratic nations , Botswana outlaws homosexual acts , which carry a prison term of up to seven years .
Enjoy our educational simulation game that explains and promotes tax education ! You are now in Taxlandia , a tiny European state with gorgeous mountains and clear blue lakes . A popular tourist destination when the economy was booming and a country with minimal taxes , Taxlandia faces now an unprecedented crisis . A lot of companies moved their headquarters , tourism decreased . Last year the authorities admitted that it was time to increase taxes . Soon , an unofficial “ tax rebellion ” started . And now YOU have been appointed the new Prime Minister of Taxlandia ! You have to start collecting more taxes , build the new infrastructure , and ensure further development of the country . Good luck ! GREAT ACTION • Earn high scores as you solve various quests • Save cities from natural disasters and bad investment • Restore happiness and welfare in Taxlandia In the process , understand the tax mechanisms and the way they are collected . CHALLENGING AND REWARDING This is an educational game with lots of action , 3D views and funny characters , but also with a thorough tutorial that helps the player make the best decisions . However , risk is part of the business and the reward for some clever investments can be great ! Also , it can lead to public outcry if you fail . People will demand your resignation ! Join thousands of students and new entries on the job market who love to learn about economy and taxes while playing ! ACHIEVEMENTS • Fight criminality and pollution in your country by investing in high tech police departments , smart administration buildings and large leisure areas in the cities • Enhance employment with keen investments and watch over the happiness of your people . Be careful though ! When their happiness drops , people start to rebel against the authorities . HINTS AND TIPS • It is not easy being a Prime Minister , that 's why you will have a guide throughout the game • Lots of hints and explanations , an easy-to-understand glossary of terms that you can also use in class • Three levels of difficulty , age based : 9-12 yo , 13-17 yo , 18-25 yo https : //europa.eu/ ! tr43HX
Show More
A subway station poster calling for an end to American military aid to Israel has sparked a heated debated and a `` billboard war '' in New York , the NY Daily News reported Friday .
The WESPAC Foundation , the group behind the ads , said they were meant to promote dialogue . However , City Council Member Lewis Fidler had a different view , the Daily News reported .
`` This is a highly political campaign with a controversial underlying anti-Israel message , '' he wrote in a letter addressed to NY 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) President Thomas Prendergast . '' I would urge you to disallow and/or remove these advertisements . ''
Poster in New York City subway
`` I have family in Israel . They deserve peace . And US policies are not helping , '' she said .
Meanwhile , pro-Israel group Stand With Us said it would post its own ads at NY subway stations later this month , the report said .
`` We did n't ask for a billboard war , '' the group 's CEO , Roz Rothstein , was quoted as saying . `` But the group putting them up wants a response , and we have to give them a response . ''
The pro-Israel group 's ad will show two boys with their arms over each other 's shoulders . `` The Palestinian Authority Must Accept The Jewish State & Teach Peace , Not Hate , '' the advertisement reads .
Republican congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen was also seeking to ban US contributions to the UN Human Rights Council and an anti-racism conference seen as a platform for anti-Israel rhetoric .
AP contributed to the report
A group of Hispanic workers is suing a Michigan industrial plant that fired them for taking part in the Day Without Immigrants protest in February .
The Detroit Free Press newspaper reports the workers have taken their case to the National Labor Relations Board in Washington .
Their lawyer , Tony Paris , tells the newspaper the company discriminated against them because they are Hispanic immigrants who took part in a political protest .
Paris says EZ Industrial Solutions questioned about 20 workers about whether they planned to take part in the nationwide protest . The plant allegedly threatened to suspend any worker for one week if he marched .
Paris says instead of a weeklong layoff , the workers were fired and the company threatened to report them to immigration authorities .
One of the affected employees says those who work at EZ have an `` informal schedule . '' She says they stayed home for as much as three days at a time without penalty or being made to justify the absence .
In a message sent to the Detroit Free Press , an official with the EZ Industrial Solutions said the law is clear that someone can not simply fail to show up on the job and take part in a nonwork-related political protest without consequences .
He said he is confident the lawsuit will be dropped .
Some context for the international community :
Over the past month the Prime Minister , President , and pro-airport lobby have been increasingly vocal and clear about their desire to evict the ZAD [ Notre-Dame-Des-Landes ] and begin work on the airport as soon as they can . The time frame of January-March is recurrent in their public declarations . These are threats , not inevitabilities .
The anti-airport movement is strong and determined , but to avoid the hassle of an eviction attempt we need to show our force beforehand , locally and internationally , so the State understands that they 'll only fail again . You 're invited to make actions , spread the word , have big demos , show up at French embassies/consulates and offices/worksites of Vinci ( the airport contractor ) , in a dissuasive phase- and also to plan in different towns and organizing groups what to do from the outside in case an eviction attempt goes through .
If you 've been waiting for the right moment to do something to support the zad , make an info night , blockade a police station , send us lots of money , come visit and get to know the terrain , get into a public argument with a diplomat- now is the time ! and also send us pictures at zad [ at ] riseup [ dot ] net .
A few more words :
The government has declared they wo n't wait for the end of the legal appeals process against the airport project . This means they are breaking the agreements they made in 2012 and 2014 . They pretend that they want to come evict the zad to be able to begin work on the airport . This new police intervention could hypothetically begin early next year , in the weeks following the COP 21 in Paris , to make sure to be as hypocritical as possible .
In the context of these threats , we call all the support committees and supporters to mobilize in the weeks to come to show the government that coming back and trying to destroy the zad is a very bad idea . To be prepared for whatever happens , we invite you to spread the word and to prepare for what to do if there is an attempt to evict or begin work . A series of flyers and posters have been printed for distribution .
You can find below the callout to share :
ZAD-NDDL – If they come back , we 'll resist even harder !
Callout to all the people and committees in solidarity
Reactions in case of police intervention , eviction , or starting work on the airport
Committees from all over the region have met several times over the past two years to plan their reactions in case of a new attack on the zad or beginning work . We do n't know if or when they 'll attack again , but we will be ready to strike back if the moment comes . Here are some propositions of what to do from the inter-committee meetings , to be adapted to local conditions . Bringing together different kinds of actions , at multiple geographical levels , will make sure they fail again . If there is confirmation of a massive police intervention a common callout will be published on zad.nadir.org and acipa-ndl.fr
On and around the ZAD :
– Call to come resist on the zone and to make sure that we 're not encircled and cut off
– Disturb the check-points and movements of the police and ensure the circulation of supporters and supplies .
In the region :
– From the first day of the operation , coordinated actions to blockade roads , whether access points of the zone pr the main axes and strategic points of the region . Occupations of “ places of power ” ( government or private contractor buildings/offices , police stations , etc )
– Nighttime noise demos outside the hotels where the police and military police sleep .
– The first evening , meeting point of different actions or blockades , in front of the police headquarters at 6pm .
– Demo Saturday in Nantes after one week of intervention .
Outside of the region :
-Callout to occupy places of power or local operations to slow the flow of capital , as well as coming to the ZAD to defend for those who can .
More information and updates can be found at zad.nadir.org .
The airport will not be built – The ZAD of Notre Dame des Landes will continue to blossom !
[ From Contra Info , October 24th 2015 . Originally in French . ]
If you have n't read # ZolasStory by now , you 're just not living life the right way . In the three days since a woman going by Zola dropped her 148-part Twitter typhoon about strippers on a guns , sex and prostitution-filled trip to Florida , the Internet has been thirsting for proof of its authenticity .
Well , it 's true—kind of , according to the real-life `` Jess , '' the woman who Zola claimed set the whole story in motion by going from stripper to escort to kidnapping victim real quick .
Jessica `` Jess '' Swiatkowski , 21 , lives just outside Flint , Michigan with her new fiance Travis Barczewski , 26 , a DJ who goes by the stage name George Young . She described herself as someone who has been `` dancing in basically every club on the 8 Mile strip since 18 years old . '' She 's 27 weeks pregnant and currently on bed rest , but has been looking for a chance to tell her side of the story since waking up Wednesday to discover her phone blowing up with thousands of new Instagram followers , all talking about something called Zola 's story .
Jess said she did in fact meet Zola when she was her server , but knew her by the name that was on her Hooters nametag that day , Aziah . She also confirmed that she did contact Aziah `` a couple days later '' to invite her on a trip to strip in Tampa during spring break .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
There was a real-life Z , a guy Jess said she met when she started dancing at 18 ; and there was a real-life Jarrett , her boyfriend at the time , who Jess said was `` quite the emotional fella . ''
Jess and Zola did dance their first night in Tampa at a strip club called the Gold Club in the city 's Ybor City neighborhood , but after that is where she disputes the rest of the details .
So how did you guys really meet ?
A good friend of mine and I were eating when she walked by at the time with long hair and her Hooters uniform , she looked amazing so we called her over . I guess you could quote Aziah on the fact that we were vibeing on our hoeism or whatever seeing as how she was showing me her a full nude blog that she runs under the name Zola . In a picture I noticed a red and silver sequined thong . Being a dancer myself I recognized it immediately ... As she said , I invited her to come down to Florida with me to dance -- believe it or not most strippers do travel and stick together . Like Aziah 's story , she had her things ready by 8 p.m. ... However the thing that got in the car with myself and the man we will continue to call Z was not the same Aziah I picked up in the bar days before ! This girl walks out in some basic leggings and torn shirt with a short nappy wig on that excuse my language , smelled like ass . I gave her a break and assumed she knew how to clean up well and that she only looked like this for the hours we 'd be in the car .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So what happened when you guys were dancing that night ?
Well there are a lot of rules down there , like you have to wear nipple covers and stuff , so it was very different from Detroit and Aziah was not happy about it . She made one dollar in two hours and she threw a fit . She was saying she could n't go home to her boyfriend without having made any money on the trip . Jarrett was freaking out about us being late , so I called Z .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So this is where Zola says that you started `` trapping , '' having sex for money . Is that what happened ?
That 's not true in any way . So that night she starts telling me about how she does `` extras '' when she 's in the clubs dancing . And she was the one who started talking to Z about getting on backpage and all of that . So basically she started attempting to do calls that night . Only one guy showed up , and when when she opened the door and he saw her , he said `` no , '' and walked away .
So there was no kind of prostitution going on ?
Well she tried again the next day . At one point she ended up in a weird house filled with multiple Mexican men who did not speak English , and then later she ended up in a room with some other pimp and after that Z and I decided she was going home .
And you 're saying you were n't participating , but Z was pimping , right ?
Well , at the end of the day there 's really no other way to describe what he was doing . He was driving her around , looking out for her . And my only participation was riding along—that was it .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So what was this situation with the other pimp ?
So we took her on a call , and the way it worked is that we would wait outside and she would text us the room number and a secret code word ( `` Gucci '' ) so that way we knew it was really her . So we took her to this hotel that was across the street from ours , but we never got a text . So I started calling her phone , and we heard it coming from room 101 . So Z could n't go to the door , because nobody 's going to open the door for this hulking black man who is a stranger , so I knocked . And they let me in and I start looking around and I see that this hotel room has multiple beds , and there are Michael Kors purses and Victoria 's Secret stuff covering them and it 's pretty obvious what 's going on there . He starts asking her 'who do you work for , ' and getting really weird , and then he blocks the door . Somehow we got past him and booked it out of there . We return to the hotel room and she 's on the phone again . I said , 'Hell no , you 're done . We almost died and you made $ 80 today . Fuck you ! '
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So there was no shooting or anything ?
No . Z called the cops and told them a story that there was a pimp in this hotel room and that he tried to kidnap his daughter and her best friend . That was the final straw though . That night , while [ Aziah ] was asleep we said she needs to go . We bought her a ticket and she left the next day .
When did this all happen ? Because people on the Internet have a theory that this news story from Tampa on March 16 is you guys .
Oh god . We were there in March but it was the end of March . It was way after that .
So what about Jarrett ? What was his deal ?
He left with Aziah . He really was quite crazy . We sent him home .
Zola made it sound like Z was not happy with him ?
That 's pretty true . He was threatening to kill himself and crying and acting like he was 12 . He really did post stuff online about me—that part was true . Just stuff saying that I 'm a dirty stripper and I do extras and I have herpes . It just made him look bad . But Z stood up for me . He threatened to jump over the balcony but he did n't do it . Z just grabbed him and took him to the car . The whole thing about me giving Z head in front of him never happened though .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Note : Here 's a word-for-word account of how Jess described the scene with Jarrett in a separate email she sent us .
`` We went to bed and I wake up to my phone again buzzing like crazy I look and of course it 's Jarrett ! He had posted on my Facebook that I suck old man dick for money . My family is seeing and commenting on this so I flip . That 's when he tells me he gave all my stuff to a bum and was going for a walk . Hell no . So I call Z And we head over to the motel . Z snaps and makes Jarrett delete the post and find my things which btw are under the bed . As I have his phone it 's starts blowing up and we see that not only is everyone from our home town texting him asking about the post but also a drug dealer from Tampa was texting . Z asks who he is and Jarrett explains that he told a random guy on the street his girlfriend is a prostitute and coming home with all kinds of money to pay for what the guy had fronted him . Z freaked out had him on the floor crying and admitting to being a bitch . He told him to grab his shit and start walking . Like the original story Jarrett starts punching himself in the face slamming his head off walls crying and acting a total fool . ''
So what about after they left ?
I was just hanging out in the pool . Then I went and met the manager at [ Tampa gentleman 's club ] 2001 and told him I 'd be back . Then I went to go visit my daughter in another state and went home . I have never been to Las Vegas in my life and I do n't know why she 'd say that because arrest records are public .
But what happened with Z getting arrested ? And what 's his real name ?
I do know his real name , but I ca n't say it because he was arrested and is awaiting sentencing and legally I 'm not allowed to talk about that . It 's actually not anything even close to Z . He was arrested in Reno , Nev. for something completely different . The only thing I can confirm is that he is a very large black man and he is 100 percent Nigerian .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So why do you think Zola told this story ?
She has a blog with naked pictures on it and a lot of Twitter followers , but she wants fame . She got her name out there . It 's a get rich quick scheme , screw who you trample over .
A member of the Appalachian State band has taken to social media alleging that the Hurricanes got physical with fellow bandmembers as Miami took the field Saturday , but Miami athletic director Blake James said the school has investigated the claim and found no evidence of `` inappropriate conduct . ''
`` We have already followed up seeking details from both the football and administrative staff . The University of Miami does not tolerate any kind of suggestive behavior , harassment or inappropriate conduct and we will take action if our students did engage in this type of behavior , '' James said in a statement . `` We have been in touch with App State and we both have spoken to individuals and reviewed video and at this point , there is no indication of inappropriate conduct , but we are continuing our review . ''
The Associated Press reported that no assault charges have been filed in North Carolina in the incident .
In a public Facebook post , a member of the Appalachian State color guard wrote that a fellow band member `` was shoved by several very large , intentionally aggressive football players '' and that `` It turns out several other members were groped , sworn at , taunted and touched in ways that were definitely not asked for . ''
In a short video shot by the Sun Sentinel from the press box at Appalachian State on Saturday , the Hurricanes can be seen running onto the field and the Miami sideline through the Appalachian State band as it is playing on the field and near the sideline . In the 12-second clip , no member of the band is seen falling to the turf .
At Miami , the school earlier this year instituted new media policies moving cameras farther away from the site where the team takes the field in order to prevent any kind of collisions or contact between players and videographers and photographers who may be on the field pre-game . Band members and cheerleaders , meanwhile , are not on the field as opposing teams emerge from their locker room .
Still , during Miami 's entrance for its opener against Florida A & M earlier this season , cameras caught images of Sebastian the Ibis , the Hurricanes ' mascot , falling during the entrance with the football team continuing to run around and past him .
News 27 Mar 2017
Get your pencils and paper out !
The epic Bloons TD Battles™ MAP DESIGN COMPETITION is here !
It 's really simple , sketch out your best idea for a new map in BTD Battles . Pencil and paper are fine , but you can use any media you are comfortable with , from crayons to Photoshop .
Scan and send it in to us at mappromo @ ninjakiwi.com by Sunday the 2nd April , 2017 .
The team at Ninja Kiwi will then pick up to 5 of the best submissions . These maps will be voted on by the community on the Bruno and Locky YouTube channel to determine the winning entry .
https : //www.youtube.com/c/BRUNOandLOCKY
The winning map will be developed and illustrated by the Ninja Kiwi art team and included in the game !
The winner will also take home some nice loot , including :
A Ninja Kiwi T-shirt
A Ninja Kiwi coffee mug
A Bloons Super Monkey plush toy
Plus the kudos of telling your friends your map is in BTD Battles !
Things to think about when designing your map :
A medium length map is preferred - not too short , not too long
Do you want boats on your map ? Add some water
Perhaps you want to have a twisty part of the track for a Glaive Lord or a Reactor ? Perhaps you want a large , circular curve that would suit a Monkey Ace ? It 's up to you !
You are welcome to include brief design and environmental notes with your submission .
Simple is always good !
Entries Close : Sunday 2nd April
Voting on finalists : Mon 3rd April through Sunday 9th on YouTube Winner announced : Monday 10th
Note : The fine print
All entries are treated as Submissions according to our Terms of Service . The prizes are not transferable , exchangeable or payable in cash or other products or services . Standard Ninja Kiwi terms apply : https : //ninjakiwi.com/terms
Russian President Vladimir Putin , right , speaks as Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi gestures , during their news conference after the talks in the Kremlin in Moscow , Russia , Thursday , March 5 , 2015 . AP Something may be afoot in Moscow .
Russian President Vladimir Putin , known for his frequent and carefully calibrated media appearances , has not been definitively spotted in public since his March 5 meeting with the Italian prime minister .
This absence , the longest in years , comes amid rumors that the political elite in Moscow is fracturing after the assassination of prominent opposition figure Boris Nemtsov within sight of the Kremlin 's walls .
Suspicions have been running high since Putin canceled a trip to Astana , Kazakhstan that was scheduled for this week , Reuters reports . A Kazakh source told Reuters that Putin had canceled the trip after becoming ill .
Any claims of illness were quickly denied by Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov , who told Reuters that Putin `` has meetings all the time . He has meetings today , tomorrow . I do n't know which ones we will make public . ''
But no images of Putin since the March 5 meeting with the Italian prime minister have been published . And images of Putin attending an International Woman 's Day event on March 8 were later proved to have been taken on March 5 .
And video featuring Putin meeting with Russian supreme court chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev on March 13 was n't live .
Putin meeting with Russian supreme court chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev . Kremlin
This unusually long disappearance could indicate that something is going down within the walls of the Kremlin . But what ?
Putin 's absence might have no larger significance , and rumors of his illness or even death could be overblown . But the speculation surrounding his health shows just how fragile Putin 's system really is — as well as its dependency on a single individual .
Even an absence of a few days raises some startling possibilities about what could really be going on in Moscow .
`` While the talk is pretty speculative and quite wild now , it is clearly irking the Russians , '' Mark Galeotti , a New York University professor specializing in global affairs and Russian and Slavic studies , told Business Insider by email . `` If Putin does n't show in the next day or so or if all we get are some press stills , then that will suggest something serious is up — and the succession struggle begins . ''
Russian Putin , right , speaks with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi during their news conference after the talks in the Kremlin in Moscow , Russia , Thursday , March 5 , 2015 . AP Tom Nichols , a professor at the US Naval War College and a senior associate at the Carnegie Council on Ethics and International Affairs , echoed Galeotti 's view .
`` I have no idea whether Putin is dead , but there is clearly something going on that the Kremlin is working hard to hide , '' Nichols told Business Insider .
This absence has prompted rumors and speculation across the Russian blogosphere . `` Putin has died '' is now trending across the Russian internet , but there is no credible information citing what , if anything , might be afflicting him .
This kind of speculation may be natural given the secretive and autocratic nature of Putin 's leadership . `` These are the kinds of things that happen when a governing system is so dependent on the image of and physical person of one man , '' Hannah Thoburn , a Eurasia analyst with the Foreign Policy Initiative , told Business Insider . `` This is certainly not the first time that similar rumors have happened . They happened under Yeltsin as well ( although he really was in very poor health ) . ''
If Putin is incapacitated , the Kremlin may try to keep that information tightly under wraps until all factions within the government have agreed to a successor .
Constitutionally , `` Medvedev would take over as acting president for 90 days , '' Nichols said . `` It 's how Putin himself became president in 1999 . ''
`` But no , there is no way the Kremlin would announce [ Putin 's death ] until all the deals have been cut , '' Nichols added .
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev . Sergei Karpukhin/REUTERS
Putin 's absence might end up having nothing to do with his health . There 's a possibility that Nemtsov 's killing , which may have been ordered by someone within the Kremlin , has exposed fissures inside the Russian elite that Putin is struggling to control . The media absence may be cover for a power play that further enhances Putin 's control — or he may be working to quash some kind of now unseen palace unrest .
`` Putin is nothing if not capricious . He enjoys keeping people waiting ... and guessing , it 's part of a display of the trappings of power , '' Ian Bremmer , president of the Eurasia Group , told Business Insider .
`` And he 's also dealing with a significant internal challenge : It 's extremely unlikely he ordered Nemtsov 's killing , but it was clearly an inside job . Dealing with that is surely his top priority , '' Bremmer added .
A power struggle may be unfolding behind closed doors in Moscow right now . But in the opaque , one-man state Putin has built , the public may never find out what 's causing the Russian president 's uncharacteristic absence from the public eye . RIA Novosti/Reuters
Tom Nichols ' comments reflect his views only and do not represent the US Government .
Someone sent a PM to the monero account . What was intended to be a simple PM reply grew up so large I decided to make it a public post , as an advocacy material that you are free to reuse and remix .
> Hello ! I became interested in your coin as the long-term investor . I like the concept of the project . What plans of further development you put before yourself ? What prospects you see ? As far as you are sure of the future of a coin ?
Good day ,
The takeaway is this :
Monero has ambitious development goals , set for many years and for more than money - design goals .
Monero addresses several fundamental needs with large demand and zero offer - What 's so special about Monero .
Monero stood the test of time and is held in high regard among reputable people - Partial list .
Monero is probably largely undervalued .
Monero 's main weakness is lack of donation - we offer specific incentives for large investors , contact [ email protected ] if interested .
The following text will simply expand upon this and why we are confident on its future , so you can stop here if you are not interested in details . You can also check the presentation Monero , the next step .
Caveat emptor : the very idea of cryptocurrency , even Bitcoin , is an experiment which could fail . As usual , do n't invest more than you can afford to lose .
Some of the needs Monero addresses are :
bank secrecy , your way ( an address like an IBAN , but simpler ; secrecy like in bank , but stronger )
net neutrality ( opaque blockchains prevent miners to become censors )
regulatory compliance ( viewkey )
capable team ( stood the test of time , high reputation )
hard to replicate ( forks have to overcome the fact they are forks , you ca n't clone core team )
more than money
Bank secrecy , your way
True electronic cash
Monero is untraceable and unlinkable , exactly like cash ( even a bit more if you consider that banknotes have serial numbers ) - but contrary to cash , if you can not be falsified so you will never receive a `` fake monero '' . And of course you have all the advantages of being electronic : takes no space , can be protected much better than physical items , transactions at the speed of light to anywhere in the world - no question asked .
Coupled with the OpenAlias technology , you can even get a very simple address , like [ email protected ] , or [ email protected ] IBAN , just better - and swifter than SWIFT .
In contrast , Bitcoin technology is getting easier and easier to track - # 1 , # 2 , # 3 , # 4 , # 5 , # 6 . As for other privacy-focused cryptos , please read my comment on `` Darkcoin , Anoncoin , Shadowcash , Monero '' .
Net neutrality
Opaque blockchains prevent miners to become censors
Net neutrality is mostly known in the context of content filtering , like a network operator willing to discriminate large bandwidth users , like video . Net neutrality is fundamental for freedom , because without it , one may decide that today video , tomorrow something else , may be treated differently . Basically , network operators would become censors .
With transparent blockchains ( that is , any non-CryptoNote-based blockcains ) , net neutrality is impossible to guarantee , since miners know where the transaction goes . The `` miners oligarchy '' , consequence of a concentration of mining power that is already well underway , means that cartels could decide to significantly hamper transactions ( they could not prevent them , but they could considerably slow most of them down ) .
Example 1 : ideological blockade . Slowing down donations to a cause ( Wikileaks , Reporters without Borders , your local church ... ) or transactions which do not comply to certain `` standards '' ( no SafeTag-approved , etc ... )
Example 2 : economic blockade , a.k.a `` blockade-for-hire '' . A competitor decides to sabotage your payment processing by hiring a mining cartel . This is free market , this will happen . Mining pools already have incentives to attack each others ( and they do ) and they are for-profit structures for the most part .
With opaque blockchains like Monero , none of this may happen . All transactions are created equal and miners mine , period .
Regulatory compliance
Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across
Much like there are plenty of completely legitimate reasons to be private , there are also plenty of completely legitimate reasons to be transparent , be it to anyone or just selected parties . Monero achieves all of this with a mechanism called the view key .
If this does n't suffice , know that it is completely in a State 's reach to kill a crypto ( even Bitcoin ) if it really wants to . Right now . So , there are two options : hoping no State will ever care , or make sure it is not in their best interest to kill a crypto . We chose the latter .
Capable team
Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone
Monero is nine months old . It managed to successfully repel one of the worst attack in the history of any cryptocurrency . It is also considered as worthy of note by many cryptocurrency authorities , including Bitcoin Core developers . The core team is located on three continents , several time zones and several languages , making it sure there is always someone to reply on mail , forum , IRC , social media , you name it . Some Core Team members are public and some are private , which makes supporters of both privacy ( underground scene ) and publicity ( regulators ) happy .
Hard to replicate
You ca n't clone Core Team
Monero is based on the CryptoNote protocol implemented first in Bytecoin . Today , we have diverged so far ( and continue diverging ) that cloning Bytecoin or stock CryptoNote code would not suffice anymore to be a competitor of Monero . To attempt to do so , one would have to clone Monero itself . So far , I only heard of two clones which outgrew their parents : Litecoin ( out of Tenebrix ) and Monero ( out of Bytecoin ) . In both cases , the parent happened to be premined . Since Monero is not premined , is reduces even more the chances of a Monero clone to succeed .
So not only competition would have to gather a capable enough team of developers , but it would also have to overcome the barrier of `` just a clone '' .
More than money
We have a vision , and this vision does n't stop at tokens of money .
Since Namecoin , several cryptocurrencies aim to address non monetary concerns , be it notarial services , storage , messaging ... The point behind what is called the power of blockchain is that money is a transaction and non-monetary transactions are still transactions .
Monero is a financial transaction system at its core . Even if it does n't currently plan to be more than this , it plans to be more than just a token . Value-added services will be developed for Monero , be it chat payment , decentralised commerce or purpose-built infrastructures for large companies .
Consequently and to answer your question , we are confident that all of this ensures a bright future for Monero .
Update : a nice answer from Aminorex
> If you are a sociopathic greedy or selfish person , you should not invest in this coin . If you are too wealthy to be a good steward of the earth 's resources , you should not invest in this coin . Short-term speculators should look elsewhere , because a PoW/PoS coin like XC will offer better gains when PoW ends . XMR is n't a good vehicle for pump and dump . Moreover there are now several people who seek to build XMR by market-making , which means volatility is low , reducing short-term speculation gains .
> If you are respectful of the freedom of others , careful to use wealth constructively , rather than in hedonistic consumption ( except for a relatively small proportion appropriate to the enjoyment of prosperity ) then I would encourage you to invest heavily , if you wish to transact privately and/or protect wealth and your life and family from extortion of any kind . It is currently the best coin for that purpose : The underlying protocol is the best extant ( in my opinion the only one worth trusting today ) , and among the coins using that protocol it has the best chance of long-term success , due to responsible active development , and dispersion factors .
> Regarding dispersion factors , I am convinced that the aggressive emission schedule will be beneficial to dispersion , and thus accelerate the development of a viable XMR economy , relative to the history of bitcoin . Miners who want to flip would prefer early prices to be higher , but that 's illusory : Half the coins at twice the price means no benefit . Only the competitiveness of mining and the efficiency of your hardware will impact mining profits .
“ If the Emperor Akbar could forbid meat eating for six months in a year in Gujarat , is it unreasonable to abstain from meat for nine days in a year in Ahmedabad today ? It was because of the wise policy of toleration of the Great Emperor Akbar that the Mughal empire lasted for so long , and hence the same wise policy of toleration alone can keep our country together despite so much diversity . ”
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - NATO accused Russia of escalating a disinformation campaign since the Kremlin 's 2014 seizure of Ukraine 's Crimea region , saying Russian websites such as Sputnik and RT had posted false stories , the alliance 's spokeswoman said on Saturday .
Russian military helicopters fly in formation , with warships seen on the water , during celebrations for Navy Day in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol , Crimea , July 26 , 2015 . REUTERS/Pavel Rebrov/File Photo
There is increasing concern among senior NATO and European Union officials over Russia 's ability to use television and the Internet to spread what they say is fake news .
The defense alliance of 28 democracies says it has recorded more than a score of Russian myths in the last two years which it has attempted to knock down with factsheets , interviews , rebuttals and videos .
“ NATO has been dealing with a significant increase in Russian propaganda and disinformation since Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014 , ” spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said in an email .
She said a website set up by NATO in 2014 “ catalogs 32 Russian myths about NATO systematically used by Sputnik , RT and a range of other outlets owned or controlled by the Russian government ” .
Lungescu said the most recent disinformation occurred earlier this month when Russian news website life.ru published a fabricated voice recording of NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg with a Russian prankster pretending to be Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko .
“ Such a call never took place and this was an obvious example of disinformation , ” she said .
The Kremlin , Russian government , RT , Sputnik and Life could not immediately be reached for comment .
The Russian authorities have in the past denied seeking to interfere in the internal affairs of other states . Russian state-funded media deny acting as the propaganda arm of the Kremlin . They say they present an alternative viewpoint that is ignored by the mainstream Western media .
Lungescu cited another example of disinformation in July last year when Sputnik , RT and other Russian websites issued reports about a fire raging at a NATO base in Izmir , claiming it was a deliberate sabotage after the failed coup in Turkey .
“ We engaged with Sputnik , RT and others to correct , as there was a forest fire at some distance from the base , but with no connection to it . ”
by Brett Stevens on August 8 , 2012
Words , words , words .
Those who sling words in functional capacities , meaning not as entertainers , know painfully well how substance can be faked with appearance using words .
What matters is not the words , but their meaning — and not their meaning as intended , but as shared between receiver and sender . If only one party understands the meaning , it does not exist .
When meaning is shared , it exists in that two or more independent actors are enforcing it through their choices and ideation . It has taken on a form beyond that of a single notion , and grown .
But for most of the words spoken , printed or recorded here on planet earth , the purpose is not to share meaning but to lure the receiver into thinking something is being said that is not , and then to induce them to rely on that false meaning and act to the advantage of the sender .
The simplest example is the used car salesman : “ It runs like a dream , ” he said , not bothering to mention that his only dreams are nightmares .
Words mislead us in many ways but in politics perhaps the widest and vastest effects are seen . For example , we should ask ourselves : If we are such great humanists , why is daily life inhumane ?
Most of our people go off to jobs . Very few of these require much effort , so there are all manners of “ make work ” activities invented : meetings , trainings , paper trails and compliance frameworks .
For those who have truly linear tasks , like factory work or food service , the day instead is a progression of repetitive actions which drive the personality into a recessive state .
Those who are in some position of leadership or power might have it worst , because they 're essentially janitors who clean up after the illogical , childish , emotional and judgmental outbursts of others .
Not to mention that our cities are inhumane . Most dwellings seem designed for the comfort of the machines that service them , and are loud , attract dust , provide unhealthy air , etc .
Even our products , which are better than the options thanks to the magic of free markets , are usually blockheaded . You can tell they are designed by committee , and thus try to do too many different things at once and do none well as a result .
Politics itself is inhumane because no one ultimately gets what they want . They get representation , which means they voice their opinion , everyone else does the same , and then some compromises are produced which can be voted for . Important change : none .
Then there are a number of problems which we pretend are just a part of life and we should all grow up and face them .
Crime is treated like solar rays — an inevitable part of existence for time immemorial — when most experts acknowledge that a relatively small minority commit most of the crime , and some societies clearly have beat high crime in part by confining or dissuading such people .
We figure that late hours at work , long lines at offices , traffic all over the place , and general incompetence are just like the weather too . But in some places they are beaten also , usually by better organization and filtering out the dysfunctional people and tasks .
The promise of industrial society was that it would reduce the amount of work and tedium in life , but instead it has just thinned it out . Where once we had intense work and tedium , now they have infected everything and we have a lot less free time .
Free time is essential for people to get to know themselves , to socialize and to spend with their families . It helps them develop skills that while not necessarily pay the bills , give back to society .
There is only one reason for our inhumane society and it is paradoxically our humanity . In a desire to include everyone and make everything equal , we have stretched out and evenly distributed the disadvantages of society .
As a result , people are constantly embittered and scheming , feeling that somehow they are getting screwed by a world that does n't care . It 's inhumane , they think , and demand more humanity , which restarts the cycle at a higher intensity .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The St. Louis Board of Estimate and Apportionment will allow the release of a $ 2.8 million tax increment financing note for developer Paul McKee 's planned grocery store and gas station .
But that 's only if the Board of Aldermen will amend language in a related bill . That legislation creates a Community Improvement District for McKee 's two stores and levies a one percent sales tax . The $ 20 million project includes the GreenLeaf Market and ZOOM Store and is expected to create more than 70 jobs .
Comptroller Darlene Green expressed concerns about the tax when the E & A met on Wednesday . The board , which also includes Mayor Francis Slay and Aldermanic President Lewis Reed , agreed to defer voting on the measure until Thursday .
Green said the 40 year length of the Community Improvement District and the tax was too long . The amended language the E & A board agreed to Thursday instead ties it to the length of the TIF , which sunsets at the end of 2032 and can only be extended by petition .
“ I 'm very happy to say the one percent charge will end at 16 years instead of being allowed to go all the way out for 40 years , ” Green said after the meeting .
The comptroller said she looked at other Community Improvement Districts in the city to make sure this deal was similarly structured . She said she found a CID in south city that tied the end date of its tax to a developer 's TIF .
“ That shows you that it could be done , ” she said , “ that the developer did n't need a total of 40 years , so just by doing due diligence and approaching the developer with more reasonable terms it was achieved . ”
On Wednesday Green had also voiced concern that McKee , two of his employees and an SLDC employee will make up the Community Improvement District board and asked that the mayor be able to appoint community members .
Attorneys for SLDC said in Thursday 's meeting that Missouri state statute requires that the CID board consist of residents , property owners or business owners within the district . In this case the only property owner is Northside Regeneration .
Both board bills will go before the Board of Aldermen on Friday .
Follow Maria on Twitter : @ radioaltman
Oh Mary was unhappy with the life that she led
She was a simple girl without much to say
So one day she just upped and left her dreary home
And she left all her friends behind to wander all alone
And at first she was afraid , she was so far away
From her home but slowly she got to like it anyway
Oh Mary wo n't you please come ...
Well in time she found that
The mountain that she had been taught
Her whole life , that she must avoid
And though at first it hurt , and no one could comfort her
She finally came to appreciate it
And she liked it , she liked it -- oh was n't she surprised
And though still alone , she grew much inside
Oh Mary wo n't you please come ...
And after a time , she became so sublime
She could look in people 's eyes and read their minds
Though her hands would sometimes bleed and occasionally
She would long for her past and memories they bring
She decided to return to her old home town
And her heart was burning with all the things she found
Oh Mary wo n't you please come ...
Photos
So Mary came back and at first no one recognized her face
And her friends were all a little bit afraid
When they heard what she had to say
They all slowly backed away
And her family took her aside and put their arms around her
They said Mary wo n't you please come back to us now
there is still time to repent for all your sins
And Mary started to cry when she realized
that she 'd never come home again in her life
Oh Mary wo n't you come home
1 . Pimp That Snack has changed my life forever . I can now say “ Have you ever made a giant candy bar ? ” and most people are like “ No. ” and now NOW I can be like “ No , I did n't think so ! ” So NutRageous is one of the coolest and best candy bar . No one has done it . So my friend Moses and I were like let 's do it . At 10 at night and with me having to write an 10 page paper we set off to the store .
2 Lbs Dry Roasted Unsalted Peanuts
1 – 2 Lbs 4oz Jar of Peanut Butter
3 cups Sugar
2 - 8oz Chocolate Bars
5 – 4.5oz Better Tasting Chocolate Bars
1 – 14oz Bag of Caramel
1 – 10oz Box of Corn Starch
1/4 Roll of Tape
1/4 Roll of Double Sided Tape
1 Sheet of Poster Board
1 Roll of Wax Paper
1 Piece of Cardboard
1 Large Knife
Scissors
Access to a large printer & computer
2.This is a diagram of what we had to do .
3.The peanut butter was way too thin and mushy so we add a lot of cornstarch and sugar .
4.That made the peanut butter a device of torture . Putting this in your mouth was like trying to eat ... well EVIL peanut butter .
5 . We then rolled it into an amazing tube peanutty goodness and wax paper ! Freeze until frozen .
6 . Next layer , we screwed up the first time , and it was n't what we were looking for , so the next best thing was to just get caramel already made and melt it in a ghetto double boiler .
I became a motivational speaker because I have the necessary drive , ambition , and experience to help others succeed . But mainly , it 's because I care deeply about helping people . The central question that drives me every day , every hour is “ How can we make our lives better and become better versions of ourselves ? That 's why I 've created my blog as a one-stop-shop for the strategies , ideas , and inspiration I discuss with Fortune 500 companies – given away to you for free .
Here , you 'll find wisdom and insight on a variety of topics , including learning , performance , and creative thinking . As a definitive world expert on executive communication and effectiveness , any senior leader looking to up their game will find a wealth of information at their fingertips . Dive in , and do n't forget to subscribe to my newsletter for even more resources on how to transform your life .
The Stack Archive
Ex-NSA researcher says that Apple 's insecure app-downloads enable Windows-style ‘ dylib ' exploits
Tue 17 Mar 2015
+1 Share 0 Shares
A former NSA and NASA security researcher claims to have identified techniques which enable the same kind of shared-library exploits in Apple 's OSX operating system that have plagued the Windows OS for over 15 years . Speaking to Threatpost at the CanSecWest conference in Vancouver , Patrick Wardle , who is the director of research for Security-as-a-Service provider Synack , contends that OSX 's ‘ dylib ' libraries can be substituted for malicious versions , providing the same exploit functionality as the DLL ( Dynamic Linked Library ) has been providing to Windows ' hackers for many years .
“ DLL hijacking has haunted Windows for a while ” said Wardle . “ it 's been abused by malware by a number of malicious adversaries . It 's a fairly widespread attack…I wondered if it was similar on OS X and I found an attack similar to that . Under the hood , there are technical differences , but it provides the same capabilities . Given you have a vulnerable app on OS X , you can abuse it the same way it 's abused on Windows , ”
Dynamic libraries are shared components provided deep within the operating system as a common resource for programmers to utilise . In Mac OSX the extension for such files is .dylib ( Dynamic Library ) , and in Windows .DLL ( Dynamic Linked Library ) . One of the most common examples of a shared library is one which provides graphical or video driver functionality , a facility which may find a shared library in use by a messaging application , a video component of a non-videocentric application , or even a GUI customisation . Shared libraries can not be executed as standalone applications in either platform , but are instead loaded at application runtime , at which point they share scope with the host application .
Wardle has developed a process where malicious OSX dylib files can bypass OSX 's otherwise quite ‘ draconian ' Gatekeeper software , which checks the validity of developer certificates against hashes stored and verified by the Apple App Store . GateKeeper 's page at Apple promises “ The Developer ID allows Gatekeeper to block apps created by malware developers and verify that apps have n't been tampered with since they were signed . If an app was developed by an unknown developer—one with no Developer ID—or tampered with , Gatekeeper can block the app from being installed , ”
Discussing the exploit , which he will demonstrate on the 19th at CanSecWest , Wardle told Forbes :
“ When the injected legitimate application is launched the unsigned malicious dylib is loaded or executed ( even if the user sets his machine to accept ‘ only all apps from the Mac App Store ' ) before the app 's main code . At this point the dylib can do anything . I see it a ) kicking off the legitimate application that the user was downloading so nothing seems amiss , and b ) installing the implant component which will then complete the rest of the attack , persistently infecting the user 's computer . ”
It 's not a point-and-click exploit – the attacker will need to get on the same network as the target Mac , either through a breach or by sharing the same public Wi-Fi access point , and then inject a vulnerable but legitimate application and make some purely cosmetic changes to the appearance of the .dmg ( virtual installer disk ) file when mounted .
Wardle created a Python routine to check for susceptible applications on his own OSX-based machine , and found about 150 exploitable vectors , including Dropbox , Apple 's iCloud and Microsoft Word and Excel – all of which employ system-trusted shared libraries .
Apple 's Xcode vulnerable to dylib attack vector
Interestingly , OSX 's developer environment Xcode is one of the vulnerable applications identified . Xcode was identified by ex-NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden last week as a high-priority hacking target for the NSA , since it is an application that creates other applications ; but since Xcode 's provenance is so hard to interfere with , the possibility of hacking it puzzled many commenters when the news emerged last week .
Once running , the infected dylib components are completely resistant to attack or detection by the currently available anti-virus or anti-malware products available , since they are ‘ pre-approved ' processes .
Insecure app downloads
Since Gatekeeper has such a formidable reputation , software downloads via the Apple App Store are sent without encryption . Forbes took this observation to a number of OSX security vendors ; F-Secure promised to ‘ correct the situation ' , stating that if it is not possible to ‘ force ' https downloads , that they would at least ensure that such downloads are ‘ linked that way ' .
Apparently unwilling to address Wardle 's bypass of Gatekeeper 's Developer ID check , Avast responded that https was ‘ not required ' : “ HTTPS gives you principally two benefits over HTTP , the one being encrypted communication and the other peer verification . When downloading the DMG , there is nothing that makes sense to encrypt ; there is no private information involved . And the peer verification is not necessary , ”
Wardle countered that his exploit does not alter the original downloaded application , but is merely using a loophole in the installation procedure to ‘ stow away ' rogue dylib files . “ no application signatures are broken , ” he said . “ which is why the attack succeeds , ” . Wardle notes , however , that proprietary ( Apple-created ) OSX apps , which are available via Apple 's Mac App Store , are not susceptible to his injection technique .
Wardle will reveal a new app later in the week which can search for and identify malicious dylibs , and verify if the user has an attack history .
Tags :
+1 Share 0 Shares
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Story Highlights Trump 's favorable rating among Republicans up to its highest point
Trump 's image still lags previous GOP nominees at this point
Half of Republicans wish there was another nominee , not Trump
PRINCETON , N.J. -- As a number of Republican Party leaders express dissatisfaction with Donald Trump being their party 's presumptive nominee , rank-and-file Republicans have become more positive about the billionaire businessman . Over the last seven days , Trump 's favorable rating among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents has reached 66 % , the highest since Gallup began tracking him nine months ago . His unfavorable rating is at 30 % .
Trump has always been perceived more favorably than unfavorably by Republicans . His ratings were most negative in late February/early March , but in recent weeks , as his nomination has become all but certain , Trump 's net favorable image among Republicans has improved steadily .
Trump 's image among Republicans , however , is still significantly more negative than that of the last three Republican nominees at about this point in their presidential campaigns . Mitt Romney , John McCain and George W. Bush had coalesced their party 's support into a more universally positive image by May or early June of 2012 , 2008 and 2000 , respectively , with favorable ratings in the 80 % range and low unfavorable ratings .
Republican Candidates ' Image Among Republicans/Leaners Candidate Date Favorable % Unfavorable % Donald Trump May 11-17 , 2016 66 30 Mitt Romney May 10-13 , 2012 82 13 John McCain May 30-June 1 , 2008 84 11 George W. Bush June 6-7 , 2000 87 9 Gallup
The fact that Trump has a significantly more negative image than has been the norm for his party 's nominees at this point in recent campaigns could partially reflect the time frame of the nomination process . Trump 's battle against his competitors , for example , has gone on much longer than Bush 's in 2000 , who was never seriously challenged that year as his party 's presumptive nominee . Similarly , McCain essentially became the presumptive GOP nominee by February 2008 . Romney , like Trump , did n't sew up the GOP nomination until late April , but he held an 82 % favorable rating among Republicans by mid-May , a contrast to Trump 's current 66 % .
Another Gallup measure reinforces the conclusion that Trump faces a more difficult than usual challenge in his effort to unite Republicans behind his candidacy . Republicans in May 13-15 interviewing were split down the middle when asked if they are pleased with Trump as their party 's nominee , or if they wish it was someone else -- 48 % pleased and 50 % wishing there was someone else .
Are you generally pleased with the selection of Donald Trump as the Republican nominee , or do you wish someone else was the Republican nominee ? Based on Republicans/leaning Republicans Generally pleased % Wish someone else was running % No opinion % May 13-15 , 2016 48 50 2 Gallup
There is no history of this measure providing a comparison with previous GOP nominees .
The groups of Republicans most likely to be pleased with Trump as the nominee include those who are older , men , conservatives and those without college degrees -- generally adhering to the profile of those who have held the most favorable view of Trump throughout the primary process .
Are you generally pleased with the selection of Donald Trump as the Republican nominee , or do you wish someone else was the Republican nominee ? Based on Republicans/leaning Republicans Generally pleased % Wish someone else was running % AGE 18-34 36 62 35-54 39 59 55+ 59 39 GENDER Male 50 47 Female 44 55 PARTY ID AND IDEOLOGY Conservative Republican 53 46 Liberal/Moderate Republican 40 57 EDUCATION College grad 41 56 Not college grad 50 48 May 13-15 , 2016 Gallup
Bottom Line
Trump 's image among his fellow Republicans is improving and is now more positive than it has been at any point since the campaign process heated up last summer . But Trump 's image is substantially more negative than the images of his predecessors at this point in their campaigns , and half of Republicans say they wish someone else was their party 's nominee .
The relative lack of enthusiasm for Trump among his own party may not be his biggest challenge to winning the presidency -- twice as many Americans overall have an unfavorable ( 60 % ) as a favorable ( 34 % ) opinion of him , reflecting strongly negative views among independents and Democrats . His likely competitor , Hillary Clinton , however , also has a negative image among all Americans , at 39 % favorable and 55 % unfavorable .
Both Trump and Clinton 's next major opportunities to improve voters ' perceptions will be their selection of a vice presidential running mate , and then the conventions in July .
These data are available in Gallup Analytics .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted May 11-17 , 2016 , on the Gallup U.S. Daily survey , with a random sample of 1,555 Republicans and Republican-leaning independents , aged 18 and older , living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia , and interviews conducted May 13-15 , 2016 , with a random sample of 677 Republicans and Republican-leaning independents . For results based on the first sample of Republicans , the margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level , and for the second sample , the margin of sampling error is ±5 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level . All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting .
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60 % cellphone respondents and 40 % landline respondents , with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region . Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods .
View complete question responses and trends .
Learn more about how the Gallup U.S. Daily works .
Two things happened last week that were a reminder of just how vital real estate has become to Canada 's economy .
On Friday , Statistics Canada released gross domestic product data that showed February was a banner month for sectors linked to housing . The real estate industry , residential construction , financial and legal services generated a combined 0.5 per cent increase in output , the biggest one-month gain since 2014 . Without those , the overall economy would have contracted slightly in February .
A day earlier , the Ontario government released a budget that projects land transfer taxes will surpass $ 3 billion in the current fiscal year , from $ 1.8 billion three years ago . For the province , it 's the difference between a balanced budget and a deficit .
Measures of housing 's contribution to the economy are imprecise , but estimates largely put the direct contribution in excess of 20 per cent .
It 's much more than that once you add all the indirect effects , with benefits spread widely from lawyer fees to government revenue and increased retail purchases through so-called wealth effects as rising home equity values prompt households to ramp up consumption . The big worry is that Canada has moved from a reliance on oil to a reliance on real estate .
The influence of housing on the economy is so pervasive that it wo n't take much of a slowdown to act as a major drag on the economy , said Mark Chandler , head of fixed-income research at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
“ You do n't need a collapse in house prices , you do n't need housing starts to be cut in half for weaker real estate sector to have a significant effect on GDP and incomes , ” Chandler said . RBC 's ballpark estimate is that a 10 per cent decline in national home prices would knock a full percentage point off growth .
A Toronto Dominion Bank report from 2015 found the housing wealth effect has been responsible for about one-fifth of all growth in consumption since 2001 .
“ A lot of the strength we have seen in consumption is housing related , ” said Brian DePratto , the economist who wrote the 2015 report . If you strip out the direct and indirect impact from housing on the economy , “ you are talking about a much lower trend pace of growth . ”
Record Loans
It 's hard to believe , but there was a time not long ago when Canada 's banks lent more to businesses than homeowners . It was the norm in fact until the early-1990s , when mortgage loans surpassed business lending for the first time . Residential mortgages today make up about 52 per cent of all chartered bank loans , versus 21 per cent for business lending .
The last time the inflation gap between Toronto and the rest of the country was this wide was in the late 1980s , during the last housing bubble
Still , that portion of business lending is up from a record low of 19 per cent in 2012 , suggesting that as home valuations become stretched and as mortgage and capital regulations tighten , banks are increasingly looking to companies for lending growth .
A closer look , however , reveals that much of the new business lending is in fact real estate related . Bank of Canada figures show 14 per cent of all private business loans from chartered banks are now bound for so-called real estate operator industries , the biggest share in the history of data back to 1981 .
The $ 27.4 billion in private loans to the sector , which represents companies that own and manage real estate assets , exceeds the combined lending to the manufacturing and oil and gas sectors combined . That 's on top of the $ 15 billion loaned to developers , more than double levels in 2010 .
The chartered banks are also lending to real estate operators at the fastest rate on record — $ 10 billion since the start of 2014 .
The pattern makes sense . Profit margins in real estate rental , leasing , and property management industries were around 34 per cent in 2015 , Statistics Canada data show , and banks want to lend to profitable businesses . Yet , it also means lenders are increasingly exposed to the industry on multiple fronts .
Week Ahead
MLI Leading indicator ( Monday , 7 a.m . )
GDP by province ( Monday , 8:30 a.m . )
Markit Canada manufacturing PMI ( Monday , 9:30 a.m . )
Bloomberg Nanos consumer confidence index ( Monday , 10 a.m . )
Census data on age , sex and type of dwelling ( Wednesday , 8:30 a.m. ) I
nternational merchandise trade ( Thursday , 8:30 a.m . )
Jobs , principal field crops ( Friday , 8:30 a.m . )
Also : Desrosiers light vehicle sales , Vancouver and Toronto home sales
Mind the Spread
Home arbitrage opportunities are dwindling in the Greater Toronto Area , where benchmark prices are accelerating in suburbs within commuting distance of the downtown core . The spread between the price of benchmark homes in the bedroom communities of Oakville-Milton versus Toronto has disappeared in the last six months . That may help explain the recent run-up in prices in Toronto . The inability for residents to cash-out at the higher prices may be influencing the dearth of new listings in the area , further stoking price gains .
Toronto Inflation
Another consequence of the housing boom is that inflation has been stronger in Toronto than in the rest of the country . Over the past three years , annual monthly inflation has averaged 1.9 per cent in the country 's largest city , about half a percentage point higher than the national rate .
The last time the inflation gap between Toronto and the rest of the country was this wide was in the late 1980s , during the last housing bubble .
After the market crashed in 1989 , inflation in Toronto lagged behind the rest of the country for four straight years .
Bloomberg.com
Ferraro said thousands of people are part of the finance committee , saying it is not a staff position , but a voluntary one for those who raise money for the campaign . She also said she has raised $ 125,000 for Senator Clinton .
When asked if she had any regrets about what she said , Ferraro replied , `` absolutely not . ''
`` I am who I am and I will continue to speak up , '' she said . She added that she thought it was a shame that the Obama campaign was trying to block her First Amendment rights , and that she felt that was no way to conduct a campaign ....
Ferraro said David Axelrod , Obama 's campaign manager and an acquaintance , should have called her to ask her the intention of her remarks , which she says the Obama campaign used to hurt Clinton .
When asked how she felt about Hillary Clinton distancing herself from her remarks , Ferraro replied , `` I am perfectly fine , '' and that there were no hard feelings . She said she understands what Clinton is going through , and understands that being part of a presidential campaign is `` very hard . ''
Posted on December 27 , 2016 by Ulrike Rettig
( Revised 5/31/2017 )
Words are important building blocks of languages . Without knowing them you can not achieve language fluency in any new language you are learning .
So it 's no surprise that people often ask : How many words do I need to know to become conversationally fluent ?
This question comes without a precise answer , because it depends on the language , and to an extent on your life situation , your personal , and professional interests .
Still , there are estimates . For example , the linguist and polyglot Alexander Argüelles apparently believes that the 2000 most frequent words are those that let you express everything you could possibly want to say , although often by awkward circumlocutions .
A Lingholic blog post suggests :
`` When you learn 90-95 % of commonly used words , you 'll understand practically all everyday conversations . The last 5-10 % you 'll be able to guess just from the context . ''
Then looking at the size of foreign dictionaries and the claims of a number of studies , the post notes :
“ A vocabulary of about 3000 words ( not counting for inflexions , plurals , etc . ) , then , would be the number necessary to efficiently learn from context with unsimplified text . ”
Of course , having a precise number is nice . But , how do I know how many words I 've learned ? Perhaps the reverse is true : When I understand most of everyday conversations and texts in a foreign language , I probably know between 2000 and 3000 words .
Knowing frequently-used words is essential and will help you understand , as does the context in which you 're having the conversation .
And yes , knowing at least some of the 13 body parts , shown on this drawing above , in your target language will be useful . You 'll certainly come across many of them in your studies .
But if you 're learning a new language , you 've probably realized that “ communicating , ” i.e . participating in a conversation , is not that easy , even if you 've practiced tons of words : You have to be able to LISTEN and COMPREHEND and then also to SPEAK .
LISTENING COMPREHENSION
Listening comprehension is learned with what Steve Kaufmann of LingQ calls listening to “ comprehensible input. ” A lot of it .
Real conversations are often unpredictable in content . So listening to various kinds of topics you 're interested in will help prepare you . With time , you 'll start noticing and assimilating certain language patterns , even if there 's a great variety in vocabulary .
Also , when you first start listening it will appear that the sound stream goes too fast . It 's an experience most language learners share .
I still remember arriving in Italy some years ago . Even after having completed three Levels of the Pimsleur Italian audio program ( 90 lessons ) , I could not distinguish individual words while watching Italian TV .
After several weeks , the rapid-fire Italian seemed to slow down for me . I was more and more able to distinguish individual words , then sentences , and finally to understand the context and meaning .
If you 're a novice practicing listening comprehension , start out slow , with individual words , phrases , then sentences . Short audio stories are a good next step . Make sure you know the meaning of what 's being said .
For the more popular languages , there now are free podcasts and YouTube videos available . Many of the free or fee-based online language programs have podcasts or videos as well ( including GamesforLanguage ) .
LEARNING WORD ORDER and GRAMMAR FORMS
When you learn a foreign language , you 're learning how to combine words in a new way that is meaningful in your new language . In other words , you 're learning a second ( or third , etc . ) word-order system .
You 're also learning grammar forms that do n't exist in your own language . In English , you do n't have noun gender , for example . French , Spanish , and Italian have two : masculine and feminine , German has three : masculine , feminine , and neuter .
Or , the language you 're learning has a different way of forming a question . A case in point : French has three ways to ask a question , and none of them follow the pattern of English . That means you 're learning two different grammar systems that your brain will alternate between .
Dealing with two ( or more ) grammar systems makes a teenager or adult different from young children learning their first language . Between the ages of two and three or so , toddlers go from one- or two-word “ sentences ” to quite sophisticated ways of asking questions , saying what they want , telling you what they saw , repeating what they heard , teasing you , etc .
Despite some hits and misses , children seem to catch on quickly which words go into what order , and what grammar forms to use . Most amazingly , often what they say are new combinations , and not just sentences they 've heard and are repeating .
Children are able to do that because of their brain 's powerful “ learning mechanisms , ” which allow them to assimilate patterns of usage though listening .
Pattern learning also holds for adults learning other languages . The more we 're exposed to the patterns of usage of a language , the better we 'll acquire them . However , compared to children learning their native language ( s ) , adults ' exposure to a new language - in a class , online , reading , or listening - is typically more limited . ( Unless , you 're “ immersed ” in the language in the country or community where it is spoken , etc . )
For becoming conversationally fluent , you need to develop two skills : understand what 's being said and create speech that is meaningful and relevant .
READING
You do n't directly need reading for becoming conversationally fluent . Children learn to speak in sentences years before they learn how to write them . And in many countries there are still adults who ca n't read or write .
In fact , I was shocked to read the following , when googling for “ U.S . illiteracy rate ” :
“ According to a study conducted in late April by the U.S. Department of Education and the National Institute of Literacy , 32 million adults in the U.S. ca n't read . That 's 14 percent of the population . 21 percent of adults in the U.S. read below a 5th grade level , and 19 percent of high school graduates ca n't read . ”
( No wonder then that learning a second language is more difficult for many U.S. adults . If the world 's literacy interests you , you may be surprised by the countries at the top of this World Factbook list compiled by the CIA . )
Adults do n't NEED reading to become conversationally fluent . But for most , reading is still the most practical way to accelerate their learning in class , with exercises and apps , or with online programs .
Furthermore , as soon as you 're able to read news articles , blog posts , even books in your new language , you have several potential benefits :
For one , reading is another way to assimilate the word-order and grammar patterns of a language .
Also , reading will expand your vocabulary and teach you how to guess meaning from context .
Finally , by reading you acquire ideas and facts about topics you want to talk about . Everyday conversations do n't stop at questions such as “ Where are you from ? ” “ What work do you do ? ” They are also very much about ideas , events , and if you 're brave , about history and politics .
SPEAKING
I very much like the motto of the late Dartmouth Professor John Rassias , a effective promoter of the immersion teaching method : “ Do n't learn to speak a language , speak to learn it. ” Speaking fluently can only be learned by actually speaking .
You wo n't learn to speak automatically just by doing lots of reading or listening . Yes , both will expose you to the characteristic word-order and grammar patterns of the language . Listening will train your ear to the language 's sounds , which is essential when the sounds are quite different from your native language .
But , speaking a foreign language involves transforming your thoughts into specific sounds by training your vocal chords and moving your mouth in a certain way . It also means creating a stream of sounds that has the particular rhythm , pitch , and intonation , etc . of the language .
All of that has to be practiced aloud , typically by imitating native speakers . A teacher or tutor will be able to correct your pronunciation and point out different ways the tongue or mouth can produce the desired sounds .
Apps or online programs that have recording features are quite effective for improving your pronunciation . By playing back your own recordings and hearing how you sound next to the native speaker , you can work on making changes .
As a novice , start out slowly . Listen and repeat as often as you can . Do n't be discouraged when you hear yourself for the first time . Memorize conversations , even act them out , mimic the native speakers – have fun sounding like a native !
FROM REPETITION to LANGUAGE FLUENCY
It 's very hard to have a genuine conversation just with sentences that you 've memorized .
So how does one progress from a “ low intermediate ” level - where you can ask and answer basic questions - to speaking freely about everyday topics ?
Certainly , repeating words and sentences aloud , and learning them by rote are essential techniques for a beginning learner .
But then , conversations with friends or exchange-partners who are native speakers , or a tutor who only uses the target language are the best way to improve your language fluency and conversational skills in your target language .
Talking with someone is a complicated back and forth that creates a context for words and sentences . With talking come all kinds of “ filler words and sounds ” that are normal for a casual conversation .
Participating often in such open-ended conversations will expose you again and again to the typical patterns of the language you 're learning and prompt you to use these patterns yourself .
So yes , learning 90-95 % of words commonly used is an excellent language learning goal . And if you learn them in context , rather than as words in a list , you 'll be building conversational skills .
Even if you understand all the words , you still have to decided whether someone is asking for something or telling you what you should do . You have to figure out how to formulate a question , express a reasoned opinion , or how to comment to a fast-moving conversation of your friends or family .
Getting to that level of fluency takes more than just words , it also takes much listening and many conversations on a variety of topics . And it takes friends and conversation partners to practice with .
Bio : Ulrike Rettig is the co-founder of GamesforLanguage.com . She is a lifelong language learner , growing up in Austria , the Netherlands , and Canada . You can follow her on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , and leave any comments with contact or below .
Postscript : A comment by a Reddit reader ( where the Post had been listed ) prompted us to add a section `` Learning Vocabulary '' in a revised version which was published by Lingohut as LEARNING WORDS AND MORE FOR LANGUAGE FLUENCY .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
( CNN ) -- The California home where Nadya Suleman plans to raise her 14 children is at risk of foreclosure , CNN affiliate KTLA reported Wednesday .
Records show a notice of mortgage default was filed Feb. 9 against the home where the octuplets ' mother is living .
Los Angeles County property records show a notice of mortgage default was filed Feb. 9 against the home of Suleman 's mother , Angela Suleman , the station reported .
Angela Suleman is $ 23,225 behind in her mortgage payments and the three-bedroom house could be sold at an auction beginning May 5 , documents say .
Suleman has said that she was raising her six children in her mother 's home and planned to raise her newborn octuplets there .
News of the foreclosure is the latest twist in the tale of Suleman and her children .
Suleman , 33 , had the octuplets through fertility treatments , despite being single and already having six young children and no clear source of income .
Do n't Miss KTLA : Octuplets family home facing foreclosure
The television station could not reach Suleman or her mother for comment , because the phone number at the home had been disconnected .
A spokeswoman for Suleman recently quit because she had been flooded with death threats from people angry that Suleman is receiving disability payments and food stamps to help raise her children . Watch former spokeswoman for octuplets ' mom on Larry King Live »
That spokeswoman , Joann Killeen , told CNN 's Larry King on Monday that grandmother Angela Suleman had taken care of Suleman 's six children at the home while Suleman was on bed rest for 10 weeks before giving birth to the octuplets .
`` Grandma is tired , '' Killeen said . `` Grandma and grandpa are in their 70s . You know , they 've raised a daughter . I 'm sure they did n't think that they were going to be helping to raise six children . ''
All About Angela Suleman
In maritime law , flotsam , jetsam , lagan , and derelict are specific kinds of shipwreck . The words have specific nautical meanings , with legal consequences in the law of admiralty and marine salvage . [ 1 ] A shipwreck is defined as the remains of a ship that has been wrecked—a destroyed ship at sea , whether it be sunken or floating on the surface of the water . [ 2 ]
Overview [ edit ]
A wreck is categorized as property belonging to no apparent owner , that either sinks to the seabed , or floats on the surface of the water , whether it be intentionally cast overboard , or as the result of an accident . The term encompasses the hull of the vessel and its fixtures , as well as any other form of object on board , such as cargo and stores , and personal effects of the crew and passengers . [ 3 ] This also encompasses the narrower definition of salvage , that is , property that has been recovered from a wreckage , or the recovery of the ship itself .
There are a number of factors that contribute to the formation of a shipwreck , that can be divided into physical and cultural processes . A site can be affected by physical processes , that is , naturally occurring processes , such as the corrosion caused by salinity and ocean currents , or the growth of native and foreign marine organisms . It can also be affected by cultural processes , that is , by human interactions , such as adding or removing materials from the site of the wreck . Any archaeological activity , such as excavation , may also be considered invasive and tampering . [ 4 ]
In terms of maritime law , different meanings are attributed to the terms , based on what the jurisdiction is , as well as the context . For example , a distinction is made between goods that wash ashore , from those that are for some reason not salvageable and/or lost at sea .
Law of salvage [ edit ]
Ownership of a wreck is a highly controversial issue , as there are no clear lines within which it is defined . It may be acquired through various means that range from succession to confiscation . There is also a distinction to be made between the ownership of the hull itself and the cargo it contains , as the hull may be abandoned intentionally , whereas the cargo may be out of necessity ( in the case of an emergency or the need to shed weight from the vessel ) . In these parameters , abandonment of the ship by its passengers constitutes as a loss of possession , but to abandon the claim on the title itself , intention to relinquish it is required . This affects wrecks by limiting that which is considered `` abandoned '' . Generally , a ship is defined as `` abandoned '' if there is no hope of recovery , known legally as Sine spe recuperandi ( which is the Latin phrase for `` no hope of recovery '' ) , and this fact must be clearly proven by the salvaging party . It must also occur on navigable waters .
The term `` salvage '' is used to indicate a salvage operation , as well as the subsequent awarded compensation . It is considered a voluntary service rendered in cases such as danger to the wreck , or the surrounding navigable waters . In terms of compensation , it is seen as being awarded to anyone who voluntarily assisted in the recuperation of the wreck , whether it be saved from upcoming danger , or from loss .
The Law of Salvage finds its origins in the Roman practice of negotiorum gestio , which dictated that one who preserved or improved upon the property of another , was owed compensation from the owner , even if the service was not requested by the latter . The law did not apply to maritime regulations , but were the basis for following ordinances , such as the Marine Ordinance of Trani , which stated that a `` finder '' was to be rewarded , whether the owner claimed the goods or not . The laws have evolved since negotiorum gestio , and today , in the United States , a salvor who voluntarily brings the goods back into port may legally lay claim to them , or deliver them to a marshal , in return for a reward . [ 5 ]
Flotsam [ edit ]
`` Flotsam '' redirects here . For other uses , see Flotsam ( disambiguation )
Also known as `` flotsan '' , the term `` flotsam '' refers to a sunken vessel whose goods float to the surface of the sea , or any floating cargo that is cast overboard . [ 5 ]
In terms of maritime law , the definition of flotsam pertains to goods that are floating on the surface of the water as the result of a wreck or an accident . As there is no clear way of defining ownership , one who discovers flotsam is allowed to claim it , unless someone claims ownership to the items in question . [ 6 ] Even when the source is known , as with the up to 270 cargo containers lost by the MSC ZOE in heavy seas in December 2018 off the German island of Borkum , as a practical matter the lost goods found on the Dutch coast was considered to be flotsam . [ 7 ]
Jetsam [ edit ]
`` Jetsam '' redirects here . For other uses , see Jetsam ( disambiguation )
The term `` jetsam '' designates any cargo that is intentionally discarded from a ship or wreckage . Legally jetsam also floats , although floating is not part of the etymological meaning . [ 8 ] Generally , `` jettisoning '' connotes the action of throwing goods overboard to lighten the load of the ship if it is in danger of being sunk . [ 5 ]
Per maritime law , one who discovers these artifacts is required to return them to their rightful owner only in the case that the latter makes a legally abiding claim . [ 6 ]
Although , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration `` flotsam may be claimed by the original owner , whereas jetsam may be claimed as property of whoever discovers it '' . [ 9 ]
Lagan [ edit ]
buoy is sufficient to retain claim to an attached artifact
Also called `` ligan '' , the term refers to goods that are cast overboard and are heavy enough to sink to the ocean floor , but are tied or otherwise linked to a floating marker , such as a buoy or cork , so that they can be found again by whoever marked the item . Lagan can also refer to large objects that are trapped within the sinking vessel . [ 5 ]
According to maritime law , a buoy , or otherwise floating object , constitutes as sufficient grounds in laying claim to an artifact . In other words , when faced with a lagan , one is required to return the artifact to its rightful owner . [ 6 ]
Derelict [ edit ]
`` Derelict '' can refer to goods that have sunk to the ocean floor , relinquished willingly or forcefully by its owner , and thus abandoned , but which no one has any hope of reclaiming .
In terms of maritime law , derelict is considered property abandoned on navigable waters which has no hope of being recovered , or sine spe recuperandi , and no expectation of it being returned to its owner , or sine animo revertendi . [ 5 ]
See also [ edit ]
The Indian Grand Prix will go ahead as scheduled this weekend after a hearing into alleged tax irregularities was delayed until next week .
Campaigner Amit Kumar had accused race promoters of not paying entertainment taxes for the 2012 event and demanded the cancellation of Sunday 's race .
But a court official said : `` The case will now be heard next week . ''
The Indian Grand Prix has been dropped from next year 's calendar but promoters are optimistic of a return in 2015 .
Media playback is not supported on this device Indian GP : Vettel quickest in first practice
Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel , who leads Ferrari rival Fernando Alonso by 90 points with 100 still available , is expected to clinch his fourth world crown this Sunday .
The German , who has led every racing lap at the Indian Grand Prix since its debut in 2011 , will claim the title if he ends up fifth or higher , regardless of where Alonso finishes .
The long-term future of the Indian Grand Prix is uncertain after F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone removed the race from the 2014 calendar .
Organisers are trying to find a new date for its return in 2015 , with Ecclestone keen for the race to take place in the early part of the season , rather than its current October date .
THIS WEEK IN PATTAYA — Oh Pattaya , how we adore your beautiful sunsets , colorful characters , wanton displays of depravity and boundless supply of bizarre . Few things are as reliably entertaining and dismaying as the various crime blotters steadfastly maintained on Twitter by that city 's finest journalistic institutions . Here are some picks from the past week :
Contractor Has Throat Slit And Was Robbed Of Gold And Cash http : //t.co/A8TWlDb57J — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) February 3 , 2014
A Mindless Individual Leaves Grenade At School Polling Station http : //t.co/A05augOylK — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) February 3 , 2014
Pattaya Lady Boy pick Pockets Hong Kong Tourist On Baht Bus http : //t.co/U9tRKbVU02 — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) February 2 , 2014
Latest News : Danish Man stabbed during attack by two Russians in South Pattayahttp : //t.co/Q5KCDag9kK Updated 24hrs — Pattaya One ( @ PattayaOne ) January 30 , 2014
Man Hangs Himself After Mistress Goes Off With Foreign Customer http : //t.co/AGUVXHPNEw — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) February 2 , 2014
Ghost Possessed Fish Vendor http : //t.co/DTiPp9PjJr — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) January 31 , 2014
Russians caught-up in Pattaya Jet Ski Scam – Pattaya One : http : //t.co/8oejInYUvs via @ YouTube — Pattaya One ( @ PattayaOne ) January 27 , 2014
Teenagers Shoot Volunteer Policeman http : //t.co/sRTNsEEblp — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) January 29 , 2014
3 Drunk Teenagers Crash Into Motorbike Taxi Rider http : //t.co/SYwlh6Hhqv — Pattaya Daily News ( @ PDNNEWS ) January 28 , 2014
Last year , we learned that the sirtuin activator resveratrol extends the healthspan of mice and increases exercise tolerance . Resveratrol occurs naturally in several plants , most famously the skins of red grapes ; unfortunately for the would be life-extensionist , a human would have to consume upwards of 1000 bottles of red wine in order to approach the dose of resveratrol used in the rodent studies . What we needed was an orally bioavailable , clinically useful drug with the same specificity but much higher activity .
One year later , a collaboration between the pharmaceutical company Sirtris and the research group of David Sinclair ( who co-founded Sirtris , and whose lab was responsible for the observation that resveratrol extends the lifespan of mice eating an unhealthy diet ) has resulted in the development of sirtuin activators that are a thousand times more efficacious than resveratrol ( link ) . While longevity data is not yet forthcoming , the compounds do have a significant influence on glucose homeostasis , and are being touted as a potential prophylactic or therapy against type II diabetes :
Small molecule activators of SIRT1 as therapeutics for the treatment of type 2 diabetes Calorie restriction extends lifespan and produces a metabolic profile desirable for treating diseases of ageing such as type 2 diabetes . SIRT1 , an NAD+-dependent deacetylase , is a principal modulator of pathways downstream of calorie restriction that produce beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity . Resveratrol , a polyphenolic SIRT1 activator , mimics the anti-ageing effects of calorie restriction in lower organisms and in mice fed a high-fat diet ameliorates insulin resistance , increases mitochondrial content , and prolongs survival . Here we describe the identification and characterization of small molecule activators of SIRT1 that are structurally unrelated to , and 1,000-fold more potent than , resveratrol . These compounds bind to the SIRT1 enzyme–peptide substrate complex at an allosteric site amino-terminal to the catalytic domain and lower the Michaelis constant for acetylated substrates . In diet-induced obese and genetically obese mice , these compounds improve insulin sensitivity , lower plasma glucose , and increase mitochondrial capacity . In Zucker fa/fa rats , hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp studies demonstrate that SIRT1 activators improve whole-body glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue , skeletal muscle and liver . Thus , SIRT1 activation is a promising new therapeutic approach for treating diseases of ageing such as type 2 diabetes .
Standard qualifications : humans and mice have quite different metabolic needs , and it remains to be seen whether the drugs will work in humans . Even in the rodent , I 'll want to see next year 's paper ( by that time , there should be lifespan curves available for animals that have taken the compounds for a long period of time ) before getting too terribly excited about the prospects of the first longevity drugs . It 's also important to keep in mind that the effect of long-term systemic sirtuin activation is unknown , and may even be harmful in certain key tissues ( like the brain ) . In other words : I retain my skepticism ; nonetheless , for the rest of this post I 'm going to take these results at face value and look toward the future .
The work represents the culmination of a huge amount of progress in a relatively short time : in less than 15 years , the sirtuin story has evolved from basic biology in the simplest model organisms , through exhaustive ( though essential ) testing in larger animals , into a source of potential therapies for a major human disease .
Furthermore , for the first time we have a clearly defined path toward the regulatory approval and widespread use of a compound that could be used as a frank anti-aging drug . There are significant practical barriers to testing a longevity-enhancement therapy , not least of which is the timescale of the necessary studies . There are also institutional barriers : despite the inefficiency of treating every disease of aging separately , there 's still major reluctance on the part of funding and regulatory agencies to see aging as a disease per se ( though even over my relatively short career in biogerontology , I have seen this changing for the better ) .
But a drug for which a clear clinical indication existed , shown to be efficacious against a widely acknowledged disease , could pass over regulatory hurdles and enter the clinic much more smoothly . Since clinicians could point to a specific short-term benefit of the drug , public acceptance ( sometimes curiously hard to achieve in discussions of explicit longevity enhancement ) might also come more readily . ( One question : in advertisements , would the manufacturer have to warn patients that the drugs “ may slow aging and extend the lifespan ” ? )
Advertisements
Iranian paracyclist Bahman Golbarnezhad , 48 , has died after a serious crash during the men 's C4-5 road race at the Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro . Here he competes in the London 2012 Paralympic Games at Velodrome on August 31 , 2012 in London , England . ( Photo11 : Gareth Copley )
An Iranian cyclist died Saturday after an accident during the men 's C4-5 road race at the Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro .
The International Paralympic Committee said Bahman Golbarnezhad , 48 , crashed at around 10:40 a.m. on a mountainous stretch of the course . He was treated at the scene and was being taken to a hospital when he went into cardiac arrest . Golbarnezhad was pronounced dead shortly thereafter Unimed Rio Hospital .
“ The Paralympic family is united in grief at this horrendous tragedy which casts a shadow over what have been great Paralympic Games here in Rio. ” International Paralympic Committee president Sir Philip Carven said .
Golbarnezhad also competed at the London Paralympics in 2012 . His family in Iran was notified and members of the Iranian team gathered in the athletes village .
The Iranian flag was lowered to half-mast at the village , and there will be a moment of silence at the closing ceremony on Sunday , according to a statement from the committee .
The race was Golbarnezhad 's second race at the Rio Games . On Wednesday , he finished 14th in the time trial C4 .
Saturday 's race began at Pontal and included the Grumari circuit used in the Rio Olympics road races .
The Vista Chinesa circuit — which included a treacherous descent where Annemiek van Vleuten of the Netherlands crashed and sustained a concussion during the Olympics — was not part of the Paralympic course .
The accident stopped seven riders from finishing and meant that the B classification men 's road race , for visually impaired athletes on a tandem bicycle , had to be restarted and delayed by 45 minutes , reportedly due to `` a lack of ambulance cover , '' according to a CNN report .
Dear Kickstarter Backers ,
Please be advised that on December 6 , 2016 , Pebble Industries , Inc. and Pebble Technology , Corp. ( collectively , the “ Company ” or “ Pebble ” ) entered into an Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors ( the “ Assignment ” ) . The Assignment is an insolvency proceeding undertaken under state law , in this case the State of California . Pursuant to the Assignment , a company called “ Pebble Tech ( assignment for the benefit of creditors ) , LLC ” as assignee ( “ Assignee ” ) sold certain Pebble assets to Fitbit , Inc. ( NYSE : FIT ) ( “ Fitbit ” ) . After this sale to Fitbit ( the “ Sale ” ) , Pebble devices no longer were manufactured or supported .
Pursuant to the terms of the Sale , backers as part of Pebble 's Kickstarter fundraising program who had not received their rewards as of December 6 , 2016 were provided a full refund for any unfulfilled rewards . These refunds were issued and processed in December 2016 .
Any backer who believes that he or she has not yet received a refund for any unrewarded product ( s ) , or has any other question related to the Pebble Kickstarter refund program , should file a proof of claim using the Form and Instructions via www.proofofclaims.com/PebbleTech/documents .
In addition to completing the Proof of Claim Form in its entirety , please be sure that your submission includes the following information . Feel free to attach supplemental attachment ( s ) as necessary .
· Your full name
· Your original email associated with the account ( used to make the pledge ) along with your current/active email address ( if different )
· Your full mailing address
· Refund claim amount
· Explanation and logic pertaining to your refund claim for the unrewarded product ( s )
Please mail or fax the completed Proof of Claim to the address/fax number below :
Pebble Tech ( assignment for the benefit of creditors ) , LLC
P.O . Box 391600
Mountain View , CA 94039-1600
650-412-2521 Fax
Thank you , and on behalf of the Pebble organization , your loyal support of the Pebble community and brand is appreciated .
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Police say Khalid Jabara had called authorities just before the shooting
An Oklahoma man accused of fatally shooting his neighbour had a longstanding feud with his family , police said .
Stanley Vernon Majors , 61 , is suspected of shooting Khalid Jabara , 37 , at his home in Tulsa on Friday .
The Jabara family said Majors had repeatedly harassed them , calling them `` dirty Arabs '' and `` filthy Lebanese , '' referring to their Lebanese heritage .
He also was accused of hitting Mr Jabara 's mother with his car last year .
The victim 's family said they were `` outraged '' by the incident and police had failed in protecting them .
According to a Facebook statement released by his sister , Victoria Jabara Williams , Mr Jabara had called police on Friday `` stating this man had a gun and that he was scared for what might happen '' .
Police responded and left the neighbourhood without questioning Majors , and Mr Jabara was killed just eight minutes later while talking on the phone outside .
`` The perpetrator was not unknown to us - he is our neighbour - someone whom we continuously brought to law enforcement 's attention , '' Victoria Jabara Williams 's statement said .
`` This suspect had a history of bigotry against our family . He repeatedly attacked our ethnicity and perceived religion , making racist comments , '' she added .
Authorities found Majors hiding behind a nearby tree after the attack .
Majors was taken into custody and is expected to be formally charged with first-degree murder and possession of a firearm after a felony conviction .
Neighbourhood clash
The Jabara family said Majors had harassed them since 2013 , when Haifa Jabara was granted a protective order against him .
She reportedly said he harassed her and `` is very racist towards foreigners and blacks , '' the Tulsa World reported .
He was arrested and charged with violating the restraining order against him on 18 March , 2015 , but released from jail after posting bond .
But in September 2015 , Haifa Jabara was hit by a car and left on the road with a broken shoulder , nose and other injuries .
Image copyright Tulsa Police Department Image caption Stanley Vernon Majors , 61 , is also accused of hitting Mr Jabara 's mother with his car
Police charged Majors in the hit-and-run , with assault and battery with a deadly weapon , public intoxication , leaving the scene of a collision involving injury and violating a protective order .
Majors was initially denied bail on the assault charge , but was granted bond in May after spending eight months in jail , according to the Tulsa World .
Mr Jabara 's family said Majors should have been charged with a hate crime after the hit-and-run incident .
`` He should not have been released without monitoring , '' she wrote . `` Yet he was released and put back next door to us , the family he assaulted just months before , '' the statement said .
`` This is troubling at any time , but profoundly disturbing given the current climate of our country and the increase nationally in cases of hate crimes . ''
The incident comes after an imam and his associate were shot and killed while walking from their mosque in Queens , New York .
Starbucks knows its customers are young , hip , and conjoined at the palm with their smartphones . Recode reports that the company is working on giving its clientele exactly what they 've been clamoring for : the ability to preorder their drinks . But first , Starbucks needs to perfect the system . Later this year , customers at one `` undisclosed geographic test market '' will be able to start making pickup orders , and testing is already underway at Starbucks ' Seattle headquarters . The coffee company is presently analyzing the rate at which its caffeinated products change temperatures , in order to ensure that drinks are in optimal condition when patrons come to collect them .
Chief digital officer Adam Brotman stresses that this is not an experiment , and that the US cafe chain intends to eventually introduce the technology nationwide . `` We 're trying to get it down to a science , '' he told Recode . South Korean customers were the first to be able to place orders through their phones , however , after a similar service was introduced early last month . It 's clear that Starbucks intends to make its app a fixture in its customers ' busy lives . The company is also in talks with other retailers about making it possible to use credit on your Starbucks app to pay for other goods . The decision to grow its mobile payments outside of its own stores might seem unusual , but Brotman says it will likely increase the usage of the app and the popularity of the brand .
“ What do fiction and science have in common ? An evening of musing by Pippa Goldschmidt and Professor Martin Hendry . ”
At Mono on Wednesday evening , Café Scientifique hosted Pippa Goldschmidt , acclaimed author and ex-astronomer , and Professor Martin Hendry , head of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Glasgow , in a lively discussion of science in contemporary literary fiction .
The first half of the evening followed a loose structure of Pippa Goldschmidt reading excerpts from various books before discussing them with Prof. Hendry . The theme of the extracts was the experience of being a scientist . Beginning with a fictional piece by John Banville imagining Johannes Kepler 's ( 1571-1630 ) thought process as an amusing though frantic bout of pattern recognition , Pippa Goldschmidt moved on to some of her own work with an excerpt from The Falling Sky ( 2013 ) about Jeanette , a modern young astronomer , working at an observatory in the mountains of Chile while under the pressure of a university establishment . Prof. Hendry pointed out that these excerpts show the change in the way science is done , from Kepler 's solitary musings to Jeanette 's concerns about continued funding . However , most scientists in fiction still conform to the solitary genius archetype , rather than the more modern truth of committee-led science .
In the second part of the evening , the discussion moved through a range of topics , though it focused on how science and fiction influence each other . Prof. Hendry spoke about how scientific discoveries spark science fiction writers to imagine the consequences of this new knowledge , and in doing so often lead scientists down new avenues of thought . Pippa Goldschmidt mentioned her work in hosting workshops for writers to meet scientists , talk about science and see what stories spring forth .
Inevitably the question of “ What influenced you to do science ? ” was asked , though the response was non-fiction from both of the hosts . For them , good science writing stretched and grew the imagination as much as good fiction . Or , as Prof. Hendry put it , “ The Universe is stranger than Star Wars ” .
Edited by Debbie Nicol
Knicks guard J.R. Smith is averaging 11.9 points and 2.9 assists per game this season .. ( Ron Hoskins/Getty Images ) Knicks guard J.R. Smith is averaging 11.9 points and 2.9 assists per game this season .. ( Ron Hoskins/Getty Images )
New York Knicks guard J.R. Smith has been criticized for years about his defense , or lack thereof .
His teammates have n't been much better as of late , giving up more than 100 points in each of the last five games , all of which the Knicks have lost . New York currently holds a 15-27 record .
Smith had no answers when asked what he thought about coach Mike Woodson 's system on defense .
“ That 's really not my area of expertise . I 'm more of a scoring-type player . I 'll leave that to those guys . Whatever they want to do , it 's OK with me . Just let me know , '' Smith said via the New York Post .
GOLLIVER : Midseason grades for all 30 NBA teams
Smith says the team is trying everything to turn it around on the defensive end .
`` Right now we 're pretty much open to anything new , '' Smith said . “ The old stuff is n't really getting it done . But at the end of the day , it 's going to come from the players . I do n't think it 's coach 's fault or the scheme 's fault . If you play hard and play smart it 's tough to lose games . ''
Beautiful in His Time is a participant in multiple affiliate marketing programs . The author of this blog may receive commission for purchases or clicks made through links on this website .
This is day 6 of 31 Days of Supporting the Special Needs Family . To view the story behind this series and the series contents , please visit the landing page . Today , Jeff Emanuel is sharing his story of being a special needs dad .
^Pin It ! ^
If I were ever to become a father , I knew I wanted a son .
I 'd grown up as one of four boys ( the only females in our family were my mother and the cat ) , and that , combined with years of organized sports and outdoor activities , as well as a stint in the military working in an area open only to males , made it a literal no–brainer for me –– an assumption that not only did n't require any thought , but that never really even considered the idea that anything different could ever be the case . When our son Jack was born in 2009 , it seemed like a natural thing that he would grow up to enjoy many of the same things that I had as a boy and young man , which I thought to be synonymous with being a growing boy : throwing the baseball and football ; swimming ; trying various sports and activities ; hiking , camping , climbing , rappelling , and enjoying the great outdoors ; and so much more .
In other words , I was expecting what I grew up thinking was a typical male child . As it turned out , I was wrong .
At three years old , Jack was diagnosed with autism . This diagnosis explained a great deal about his physical , mental , social , and emotional challenges , as well as his amazing , unique talents . In short , Jack was like most other two , three , and four year olds…but more extreme in almost every way . By his third year , Jack had the vocabulary and reading skills of a child much older ; he had a memory like a steel trap ; he knew every color you could think of , from “ red ” and “ blue ” to “ silver ” and “ maroon ” ; and he could name every dinosaur in each of his books by their full names ( not just staples like “ T–Rex , ” but “ Ankylosaurus , ” “ Parasaurolophus , ” and “ Carnatosaurus , ” just to name a few ) . However , he also had difficulty with fine motor skills ; he would randomly fall off chairs and run into walls ; he would rock constantly , especially when suffering from perpetual insomnia ; he would scale the highest ladder and the playground , then jump from the highest platform he could find , embracing the rush while completely oblivious to the physcial consequences of such and act ; he would have meltdowns so loud and so long that bystanders would become convinced that he 'd suffered some horrible injury ; and he would perseverate on words , events , or tiny details and refuse to let them go for days , weeks , or months , often experiencing great anxiety as a result .
We were both dismayed and relieved to get Jack 's diagnosis , and immediately began to do whatever we could to ensure he would get the care , therapies , and other things that he needed to live as healthy , successful , and well–adjusted a life as possible . As with most husbands , I assume , I use the term “ we ” here fairly loosely . My wife was the one who really jumped in with both feet , researching both autism and therapies , fighting with preschools and insurance companies , making phone call after phone call to get Jack into the practices he needed to get into , and then carting him all over first Atlanta and then Boston to five or more appointments every week .
I tried my best to both support and participate , but for quite a while – too long , in fact , in spite of myself – I somehow held on to a combination of hope and assumption that Jack would still be the same boy that he would be had he been neurotypical : the baseball throwing , the ability to go places and do things without elaborate visuals or other care being taken to cater to his need for routine , etc . It took a lot longer for me to realize that was n't the case than it did for my wife , to her eternal credit , because – as I finally realized at some point in the last year – I was , despite the best of intentions , thinking of Jack in the same way as anybody else who either did n't recognize or believe in the effects of autism , or who expected a neurological condition to somehow be a passing phase . Not only was this unfair to me and to my wife , as it led to a great deal of anziety as his condition failed to “ improve ” and as childhood staples like T-ball and other activities proved to be nigh impossible to successfully partake in , but it above all was not fair to Jack . I was placing expectations on all of us , but especially Jack , that were simply unrealistic , in the purest sense of the word .
Ever since Jack 's diagnosis , I 've known that he has autism , but I let my assumptions and his amazingly high level of function trick me into thinking of autism as almost a part-time condition , which only really came out during periods of intense perserveration or the epic meltdowns we 've seen far too often ( and certainly have n't seen the last of ! ) . However , it 's only in the last year that I 've really learned to embrace his autism , as simply being the natural state of Jack 's brain – something that will always be there , as that 's the way he was made by his Creator . Really understanding and embracing this has allowed me to appreciate the good times even more : the calms between the storms , his amazing mental achievements , and so much more . However , beyond that , it 's allowed me to appreciate the littlest things even more than that : a sentence properly constructed , eye contact during a conversation , and a calm explanation of a problem that could otherwise have provoked hours-long paroxysms of rage . It has also helped me to recognize that the bad times are a manifestation of the way Jack was made , and to really invest – not just try to help out where possible , but to really , fully invest – in being the parent that Jack needs , and in working within the boundaries of what is possible with him both physcially and neurologically to help him succeed ( rather that doing what we all hate seeing in parents , which is demanding that he not fail ) .
Fully embracing Jack 's condition has also helped me in two other ways . First , it has reinforced to me the importance of a rock–solid marriage . You think it takes true teamwork to raise a kid or three ? Try it with a special needs child ! Not only do we need to be on the same page with regard to handling Jack 's endless questions , repeat behaviors , and other needs , but the simple fact that one of us is around much more than the other during waking hours means both that communication is a must for parenting success , and that overt love and affection are even more critical both for each other and for the sake of our children , who must learn that , while we both love them more than words can describe , our own relationship comes first .
Second , embracing Jack 's autism has helped me to better understand myself . From social awkwardness at times , to a brain that moves too quickly for its own good more often than not , to a tendency to repeat activities and behaviors , to a physical , mental , and neurological need for exhaustion-inducing and adrenaline-pumping physical activities ( triathlon , hiking , climbing , sky- and SCUBA diving , etc . ) , I see in myself some of the roots of Jack 's issues and needs alike . The benefit goes both ways : I can use my own experience to inform my support of him , while also observing behaviors and stimulus-responses that let me see both how I have handled things in the past , and what I can focus on for my own well-being in the present and future .
The exercising-to-the-point-of-exhaustion bit definitely applies to Jack as much as it does to me : more than anything else , it 's a mental and physical need that seems to help re-order the neurons , re-align the synapses , and more or less put our neurological affairs in order . While organized sports ( or anything requiring precise motor skills and the ability to mentally focus ) are challenging to say the least , there 's plenty of physical activity to be had – more , probably , than almost any neurotypical child his age . In one day , we can hike and climb for hours ( he climbs like a mountain goat ) , play in the ocean , chase each other in circles around the yard ( pretending to be either race cars or trains ) , and run back and forth and back and forth along the quarter–mile sea wall just in front of our house , taking time to hop up and down the half–dozen flights of stairs that lead over the wall and down to the ocean…and he 'll still have the energy and stamina to count out a few hundred jumps on the trampoline and “ rough house ” on the bed before finally falling into a sound , prescription–aided sleep .
Amidst all that activity , though , and before sleep sets in , I can see in Jack 's eyes both a light and a peace – a calmness amidst a lifelong storm – that is more rewarding that I could ever describe . That alone is worth tenfold the price we pay on a daily basis as special needs parents .
_____
Jeff Emanuel is a husband , father , and veteran . He loves spending time with his family and anything that involves the outdoors . His wife , Katie , writes about his family 's journey at www.wonderfully-made.net .
Eric S. Margolis March 11 , 2009
Special for the Huffington Post
NEW YORK - Iran has haunted every U.S. administration since the days of President Jimmy Carter . While running for president , Barack Obama proposed opening talks with Tehran and trying to end the long Cold War between the United States and Iran .
Obama 's sensible idea was greeted with the deepest dismay by ardent supporters of Israel and Rambo Republicans who want to see the US go to war with Iran , a nation of 70 million , and destroy its nuclear infrastructure .
Now , as the United States fights for its economic life , the Iran question and its alleged nuclear weapons program have again become an issue of major contention . Officials in the Obama administration and the media issued a blizzard of contradictory claims over Iran 's alleged nuclear threat , leaving us wondering : who is really charge of U.S. foreign policy ?
This awkward question was underlined during a visit to Washington by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Britain is supposed to be America 's most important ally and partner in their 'special relationship . '
Brown 's reception was dismal and Obama 's obvious lack of interest in Britain 's leader was quite embarrassing . The British media slammed America 's cold reception as an 'insult , ' and claimed that Brown had been treated like the leader of a 'minor African state . ' White House aides excused the huge diplomatic faux pas by claiming President Obama was worn out from dealing with the financial and economic crisis . I 'm sure he is worn out , but this still does not bode well for the conduct of US foreign policy .
Much of the uproar over Iran 's so-far non-existent nuclear weapons must be seen as part of efforts by neoconservatives to thwart President Obama 's proposition to open Tehran and to keep up the pressure for an American attack on Iran .
Israel 's government and its American supporters insist Iran has secret nuclear weapons program that the West has not yet detected . We heard the same claims about Iraq before 2003 . Israel certainly knows about covert nuclear programs , having run one of the world 's largest and most productive ones .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lived up to her growing reputation for Mideast hawkishness when she named prominent Israel supporter Dennis Ross as her Special Advisor on Iran and the Gulf . This questionable appointment suggests that she may be more interested in building future domestic political support than securing balanced advice on the Mideast .
At least Ross is considered something of a moderate on the Israeli spectrum , having long been regarded as the Labor Party 's 'man in Washington . ' During the Bush years , Israel 's centrist Laborites were replaced by partisans of the right-wing Likud Party , who quickly came to dominate administration Mideast policy .
In recent weeks , official Washington has been locked in confusion over Iran .
The new Central Intelligence Agency director , Leon Panetta , said in a recent interview , 'there is no question , they [ Iran ] are seeking [ nuclear weapons ] capability . '
Pentagon chief Adm. Mike Mullen claimed that Iran has 'enough fissile material to build a bomb . ' Fox News claimed Iran already has 50 nuclear weapons .
While the American Rome burns , here we go again with renewed hysteria over MWMD 's - Muslim Weapons of Mass Destruction . The war drums are again beating over Iran .
The czar of all 16 US intelligence agencies , Adm. Dennis Blair , stated Iran could have enough enriched uranium for one atomic weapon by 2010-2015 . He reaffirmed the 2007 US National Intelligence Estimate that Iran does not have nuclear weapons and is not pursuing them . Defense Secretary Robert Gates backed up Blair . So did the United Nations nuclear agency .
Some of the confusion over Iran comes from misunderstanding nuclear enrichment , from domestic politics , and from recycled lurid scare stories from the days of Saddam Hussein .
Iran is producing low-grade enriched uranium-235 ( LEU ) , enriched to only 2.5 % , to generate electricity . Tehran has this absolute right under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NNPT ) . Its centrifuge enrichment process at Nantaz is under 24-hour international inspection . The soon-to-open nuclear plant at Bushehr can not produce nuclear weapons fuel . All of its spent fuel , which is under international safeguards , will be returned to supplier Russia .
Today , some 15 nations produce low-grade enriched uranium 235 ( LEU-235 ) , including Brazil , Argentina , Germany , France , and Japan . I visited the Japanese Defense Ministry in Tokyo , and I saw plans for an atomic weapon . Experts believe Japan could produce a nuclear warhead in within three months , if it so decided .
I also believe - though can not prove - that Switzerland may have produced a few nuclear warheads in the early 1960s and currently keeps them in one of its secret mountain forts as a sort of doomsday device .
Israel , India , and Pakistan are all covert nuclear weapons powers and have refused to submit to international inspection . North Korea abrogated it .
Interestingly , rather than the much pilloried Iran , it is the original nuclear powers who are all in violation of the nuclear arms treaty . These countries are : the United States , USSR/Russia , Britain , France and China . The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty called for all nuclear powers to rapidly eliminate their nuclear forces . President Dwight Eisenhower championed this position . Far from eliminating their nuclear forces , all of the nuclear powers have expanded and modernized them .
UN inspectors report that Iran has produced 1,010 kg of 2-3 % enriched uranium . Iran insists it is for energy generation . Theoretically that is enough for one atomic bomb . But to make a nuclear weapon , uranium-235 must be enriched to over 90 % in an elaborate , costly process . Iran is not doing so , say UN inspectors , though they have raised certain technical questions about Iran 's nuclear process . Some believe Iran may go up to 'breakout position ' - that is , having the components to assemble a weapon on fairly short notice .
Highly enriched uranium-235 or plutonium must then be milled and shaped into a perfect ball or cylinder . Any surface imperfections will prevent achieving critical mass . Next , high explosive lenses must surround the core , and detonate at precisely the same millisecond . In the gun system , two cores must collide at very high speed . In some cases , a stream of neutrons is pumped into the device as it explodes .
This process is highly complex . Nuclear weapons can not be deemed reliable unless they are tested . North Korea recently detonated a device that fizzled . Iran has never built or tested a nuclear weapon . Israel and South Africa jointly tested a nuclear weapon in 1979 .
Even if Iran had the capability to fashion a complex nuclear weapon , it would be useless without delivery . Iran 's sole medium-range delivery system is an unreliable , inaccurate 1,500 km ranged Shahab-3 . Miniaturizing and hardening nuclear warheads capable of flying atop a Shahab missile is another complex technological challenge .
It is inconceivable that Iran or anyone else would launch a single nuclear weapon . What if it did n't go off ? Imagine the embarrassment and the retaliation . Iran would need at least ten warheads and a reliable delivery system to be a credible nuclear power .
Israel , the primary target for any Iranian nuclear strike , has an indestructible triad of air , missile and sea-launched nuclear weapons pointed at Iran . An Israeli submarine with nuclear cruise missiles is on station off Iran 's coast .
Iran would be wiped off the map by even a few of Israel 's estimated 200 plus nuclear weapons . Iran is no likelier to use a nuke against its Gulf neighbors . The explosion would blanket Iran with radioactive dust and sand .
Finally , while Washington keeps invoking the specter of a nuclear armed Iran , India has quietly developed a large nuclear arsenal and will soon test an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to North America .
Pin 9 82K Shares
( ANTIMEDIA ) United Kingdom — Humanity 's future is in peril thanks to so-called advancements in science and technology , claims Professor Stephen Hawking , who cited “ nuclear war , global warming , and genetically-modified viruses ” as deadly threats to our existence .
Hawking described various “ things that could go wrong ” to an audience of hundreds attending the first in a series of BBC Reith Lectures , which pertain to research about black holes . He asserted the necessity for colonization of other planets to ensure survival of the human species . According to the BBC , Hawking cautioned :
“ Although the chance of a disaster to planet Earth in a given year might be quite low , it adds up over time , and becomes a near certainty in the next thousand or ten thousand years .
“ By that time , we should have spread out into space , and to other stars , so a disaster on Earth would not mean the end of the human race .
“ However , we will not establish self-sustaining colonies in space for at least the next hundred years , so we have to be very careful in this period . ”
Though it would seem counterproductive for such a well-respected scientist to decry scientific progress as humanity 's most existential threat , this is n't the first time Hawking has advised us to exercise caution , as Anti-Media has reported several times . Last summer , the theoretical physicist was among over 1,000 artificial intelligence experts who signed an open letter about the weaponization of robots and the ongoing “ military artificial intelligence arms race ” among the world 's military powers .
In October of last year , Hawking warned scientists at the European Center for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) about the potential for the Higgs Boson “ God Particle ” to initiate “ catastrophic vacuum decay ” — the formation of a quantum bubble that expands at the speed of light and could decimate the entire universe . Concern over the automation of the world 's workforce coupled with capitalist greed also earned the scientist 's stern alarm .
In fact , taken collectively , Hawking 's numerous warnings are aimed directly at the careless hubris of the ruling elites and their tendency to act in favor of profit — in a variety of fields — without consideration given to long-term consequences resulting from such hastily implemented projects .
Despite the numerous cautionary scenarios Hawking has proffered , he claims society will likely discover the means to cope .
“ We are not going to stop making progress , or reverse it , so we have to recognize the dangers and control them , ” he stated . “ I 'm an optimist , and I believe we can .
“ It 's important to ensure that these changes are heading in the right directions . In a democratic society , this means that everyone needs to have a basic understanding of science to make informed decisions about the future .
“ So communicate plainly what you are trying to do in science , and who knows , you might even end up understanding it yourself . ”
The BBC will broadcast this first lecture with Stephen Hawking on January 26 and February 2 . It will also be found online here .
Hawking 's theories , of course , have n't escaped criticism ; yet he does maintain a healthy enthusiasm , which was evidenced in this advice he offered young scientists :
“ From my own perspective , it has been a glorious time to be alive and doing research in theoretical physics . There is nothing like the Eureka moment of discovering something that no one knew before . ”
MORE FROM ANTI-MEDIA :
— Stephen Hawking and 1,000 Experts Sign Letter Warning Of Weaponized Robots
— Stephen Hawking Warns About The Greatest Threat to Humanity
This article ( Stephen Hawking Warns Humanity : Leave Earth Before the Ruling Class Destroys It ) is free and open source . You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Claire Bernish and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific . Image credit : LWP Kommunikacio . If you spot a typo , email edits @ theantimedia.org .
Pin 9 82K Shares
Campus sexual assault is a rampant problem of which we are only now becoming more and more aware , and a recent incident at the University of Richmond shows the troubling ways some administrations are dealing with rape .
On Tuesday , student Cecila Carreras wrote an essay for the Huffington Post about her sexual assault case , calling her attacker Richmond 's Brock Turner .
Here 's a particularly poignant excerpt from her story :
[ He ] admitted to school officials , three separate times , that he heard me say stop . Those officials later told a hearing board they thought he was confused when he told them that . No one denied , however , that he penetrated me without my consent . But for Richmond , their Brock Turner having an orgasm was of utmost importance . I was told that it was reasonable for him to penetrate me for a few more minutes if he was going to finish . The University of Richmond and Brock Turner 's father seemed to agree- why let a few minutes of “ action ” jeopardize the rest of the accused 's life ?
After the post went viral , the school opted to respond by denying the validity of Cecilia 's account by sending out a campus-wide email which has since been published on The Collegian :
`` While we can not address specifically the contentions in the recent Huffington Post commentary , given our commitment to student privacy , and we respect the right of all students to express their opinion and discuss their perspective , we think it is important for us to share that many of the assertions of fact are inaccurate and do not reflect the manner in which reports of sexual misconduct have been investigated and adjudicated at the University . ''
Cecilia responded with a second post on Thursday , titled `` Richmond , all I wanted was for you to say sorry . But instead you called me a liar . So , here are the receipts . ''
`` No one denied , however , that he penetrated me without my consent , '' she wrote along with screenshots of correspondence with a school dean . `` But for Richmond , their Brock Turner having an orgasm was of utmost importance . I was told that it was reasonable for him to penetrate me for a few more minutes if he was going to finish . ''
Cecilia has since shared the post on Facebook , urging her fellow students to come forward .
`` University of Richmond students , please share the following article , '' she said . `` I never wanted people to doubt whether coming forward was worth it or not . I encourage you to report . I would not be who I am today ( or have the strength I have now ) if I had not reported . You can report to Title IX or consider your other options with the police ( reporting to police does not immediately launch a criminal investigation ) . ''
Head over to HuffPost to read Cecilia 's full account in her own words .
Related : What You Need to Know About Getting Help If You 've Been Sexually Assaulted
Check this out :
No offense to zucchini , but the health benefits of fall-harvest squashes far eclipse their summer cousins .
Like all members of the gourd family ( which includes pumpkin , melon , and cucumber ) , butternut squash is technically a fruit because it contains seeds . Cut into its pale , yellow-beige hard skin , though , and you 'll discover a vibrant flesh that 's much denser than that of its relatives .
Rich in phytonutrients and antioxidants -- and succulent enough to warrant the moniker `` butternut '' -- this graceful , hourglass-like gourd is the perfect addition to an autumn meal .
Recipes
Lamb and Squash Tagine
Gingered Butternut Squash Pie
Health Benefits
Low in fat , butternut squash delivers an ample dose of dietary fiber , making it an exceptionally heart-friendly choice . It provides significant amounts of potassium , important for bone health , and vitamin B6 , essential for the proper functioning of both the nervous and immune systems . The folate content adds yet another boost to its heart-healthy reputation and helps guard against brain and spinal-cord-related birth defects such as spina bifida .
Squash 's tangerine hue , however , indicates butternut 's most noteworthy health perk . The color signals an abundance of powerhouse nutrients known as carotenoids , shown to protect against heart disease . In particular , the gourd boasts very high levels of beta-carotene ( which your body automatically converts to vitamin A ) , identified as a deterrent against breast cancer and age-related macular degeneration , as well as a supporter of healthy lung development in fetuses and newborns . What 's more , with only a 1-cup serving , you get nearly half the recommended daily dose of antioxidant-rich vitamin C .
As if this were n't enough , butternut squash may have anti-inflammatory effects because of its high antioxidant content . Incorporating more of this hearty winter staple into your diet could help reduce risk of inflammation-related disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and asthma .
How to Buy
Choose an unblemished fruit that feels heavy for its size with a matte , rather than glossy , skin . A shiny exterior indicates that the fruit was picked too early , and it wo n't be as sweet as a fully grown squash . Most winter squash is available late into the fall . Store whole butternut squash in a cool , dry place ( not the refrigerator ) with plenty of ventilation ; it should keep for up to three months . Cut squash will stay fresh for up to a week , wrapped , in the fridge .
Cooking Tips
Butternut squash presents the home cook with incredibly easy culinary possibilities . You can just place it on a cookie sheet and bake in the oven for about an hour , or until you can pierce it with a sharp knife . Or remove the skin using a vegetable peeler and cut the flesh into chunks for steaming or sauteing . Once cooked , mash it , puree it for soup , fold it into a pasta or risotto dish , or simply savor your butternut squash as is .
Nutrition Breakdown
Per 1 cup cooked , approximately 205 grams
Calories : 82 kcal
Fat : 0.2 g
Vitamin A : 1,144 mcg = 163 percent * of DRI * *
Vitamin B6 : 0.3 mg = 20 percent of DRI
Vitamin C : 31 mg = 41 percent of DRI
Folate : 39 mcg = 10 percent of DRI
Potassium : 582 mg = 12 percent of DRI
* Percentages are for women 31 to 50 years old who are not pregnant
* * DRI , Dietary Reference Intake , is based on National Academy of Sciences ' Dietary Reference Intakes , 1997 to 2004
The Fakultet Dramskih Umetnosti ( Drama and Art Faculty ) in Belgrade offers the city a street art gallery filled with colors , styles , and fun . The whole exterior of the building is used for hanging art or as a canvas itself for these young , aspiring artists .
We would encourage a good , slow meander around the building if you are ever in the city . Yes , you need to go on foot to see the full display because the building is covered with art on all sides . Some of it is crowded by trees making it difficult to take unobscured pictures , but it all works together brilliantly . We are fans and would like to thank FDU for putting this out there to bring beauty to the city .
Below is a collection of many of the works without comment .
A leader of a Tucson-area tea party group condemned the mass shooting in Arizona that included Rep. Gabriel Giffords ( D-AZ ) , but told TPM that this does n't mean her group is going to tone down their rhetoric : “ I think anytime you start suppressing freedom of speech , I think it 's wrong . I live here and I did n't hear anything [ in the 2010 campaign ] that concerned me in terms of inciting violence. ” Allyson Miller , a founder of the 500-member Pima County Tea Party Patriots , told TPM in an interview today that the members of her group , as well as the entire city of Tucson , were “ deeply saddened ” by the events of today and said “ there is no place for violence ” in political debate .
“ This is outrageous , ” she said .
Miller was quick to distance her group from the shooting and said that she felt she had to go on the defensive after news of the tragedy began to spread . “ I did feel , you know , very like ‘ why are they jumping to this conclusion before they even knew the person 's name ? ' They 're jumping to this conclusion that it has to do with the hotly contested Congressional race , ” she said . “ Well , apparently , from what I 've seen so far…it 's looking like that 's not the case . ”
The race she 's referring to was between Giffords and Jesse Kelly , a tea party-backed Republican , who held one event in June that said “ Get on Target for Victory in November Help remove Gabrielle Giffords from office Shoot a fully automatic M16 with Jesse Kelly . ”
The suspect , now identified as Jared Loughner , left a trail of rambling YouTube videos on the internet , in some accusing the government of “ mind control ” and “ brainwashing . ”
Miller said she knows the members of her tea party , who she called “ reasonable individuals ” closer to her age of 55 than the suspected shooter 's 22 . She said she 's never seen the suspect at an event . “ That 's why we put out our press release [ condemning the shooting ] so quickly . I just felt like all the fingers were pointed at the tea party . ”
There 's one thing Miller did n't feel she needed to defend — the heated rhetoric of the 2010 campaign against Giffords . TPM asked if , after the shooting , Miller thought tea party activists in future campaigns should temper some of the tougher talk .
“ There are people in society that are just going to do these things , unfortunately . And then , what happens is , you know , in this case , people trying to use it to create further divisions between the right and the left . I think it 's irresponsible , in my opinion…what it does is polarize people even further . ”
Miller said she hoped opponents of the tea party wo n't use the Giffords shooting to try to score political points against the movement .
“ Well , I do n't know what will happen , but I can only hope that will have the responsibility that they do not try to make this , you know , to cause more problems or to create more division . Because there 's enough division in this country . ”
[ TPM SLIDESHOW : Dem Rep. Gabrielle Giffords Shot In Arizona ]
A number of other Tea Party leaders were similarly quick to condemn Loughner 's actions , and disavow him as one of their own .
Judson Phillips , the founder of Tea Party Nation , condemned the shooting as a “ terrorist attack ” and wrote on the TPN site this afternoon ( at the time he believed the erroneous reports that Giffords had been killed . The post has since been updated ) : “ Congressman Giffords was a liberal , but that does not matter now . No one should be the victim of violence because of their political beliefs and certainly a member of Congress should not be shot and killed on a street corner . ”
But Phillips added that “ no matter what the shooter 's motivations where , the left is going to blame this on the Tea Party Movement . Already on liberal websites , the far left is trying to accuse the Tea Party of being involved . ”
In another post , Phillips took things a step further : “ The left has simply gone to far . There can be no civil discourse with people as crazy as those on the left are . What that says for the future of this country is tragic . ”
Patrick Beck , the head of the Mohave County Tea Party , told Dave Weigel that tea partiers might have to be more careful about their rhetoric , “ but it makes it real difficult to speak when every few minutes you 're giving a disclaimer . ‘ We have to fight back — but , wait , I do n't mean literally fight . ' Those words such as fight , and take back , and restore… we know what we mean but we have to be clear what we mean , and in next few weeks , as this all plays out , people will be more understanding of that . ”
Beck added : “ When we talk about Barack Obama , we 've got to be clear , it 's not personal . When we say he 's destroying this country we are not saying he 's doing it out malicious intent and a desire to cripple us . He has good intentions and he 's wrong . I worry when that gets lost . ”
CNN reports that Tea Party Express released a statement saying that “ it is appalling that anyone would commit such unthinkable violence . ”
The statement continued :
These heinous crimes have no place in America , and they are especially grievous when committed against our elected officials . Spirited debate is desirable in our country , but it only should be the clash of ideas . An attack on anyone for political purposes , if that was a factor in this shooting , is an attack on the democratic process . We join with everyone in vociferously condemning it .
DeAnn Hatch , a co-founder of the Tucson Tea Party , told the New York Times that though her group supported Giffords ' opponent Jesse Kelly during the 2010 election , but had not protested against the Congresswoman before . “ We do n't think it 's ours , ” Ms. Hatch said .
“ I want to strongly , strongly say we absolutely do not advocate violence , ” she continued . “ This is just a tragedy to no end . ”
MELBOURNE has re-signed emerging midfielder Billy Stretch until at least the end of 2019 .
General manager of football operations Josh Mahoney said the 20-year-old had earned his new two-year deal .
“ We 've been pleased with Billy 's continued development this year , ” he told melbournefc.com.au .
“ He 's the ultimate professional off the field and he prepares himself very well every week .
“ We think he 's building the habits to be a very good long-term player . ”
Stretch , the son of former Melbourne wingman/half-back and 1987 club best and fairest winner Steven , has played 35 games for the Demons .
He made his AFL debut in round six , 2015 against the Sydney Swans at the MCG .
Originally selected at No.42 in the 2014 NAB AFL Draft , Stretch was claimed as a father-son pick .
Stretch played 11 games in his first season , 16 in 2016 and has made eight appearances this year entering round 18 .
His 31-disposal performance against the Brisbane Lions in round nine , last year at the MCG is his best possession haul so far .
Tim founded GeeklyInc with Michael DiMauro way back in 2013 when they realized they had two podcasts and needed a place to stick them . Since then , Geekly has grown and taken off in ways Tim could have never imagined .
With the Oakback forces extremely defeated it is time to figure out what this Deephome place is going to look like going forward . There are some tough choices to be made , that is for sure . Plus , tensions , naturally are running really high . Wars can do that . Unfortunately , even once this tricky problem is solved there are more matters that demand the adventurers attention ! No rest for the brave and foolish .
The adventure continues with Titus Harper ( Tim Lanning ) , Jett Razor ( Mike Bachmann ) , Aludra ( Jennifer Cheek ) , Jaela ( Nika Howard ) and your Dungeon Master ( Michael DiMauro ) . Do n't forget to follow our editor Steph Kingston ( @ stephokingston ) !
Want to help us out , and receive a monthly order of fantastic wine from ClubW delivered right to your door ? Go to http : //www.ClubW.com/dnd and you will get $ 20 off your first order ( which is a really good deal ) !
The Galaxy Note 2 is the successor to the , erm , Galaxy Note , which is predictable . What was n't predictable was how we would feel about this new handset . The Note , you see , is a bit of an enigma . A massive phone , or really small 3G tablet . It sits in a space that does n't exist , with an unknown audience .
People who have n't used a Galaxy Note - the original , or this new model - wo n't get it . This is a phone you have to live with to truly understand . Most people will take one look at the size - it dwarfs the already massive Galaxy S III - and rule it out as being impractical . In our view , that 's a mistake , because this phone has a lot to offer besides its size . And the size is n't much of an issue , as we discovered .
We 've travelled around a fair bit with the Note . We 've been asked a lot about the size , and honestly , it 's not a problem . It will fit in your jeans pocket , assuming your jeans are n't too tight , and you wo n't really notice its extra weight .
Strangely , it 's not really any harder to use with one hand than a phone such as the Samsung Galaxy S III . As Apple points out , there is a ratio that allows for single-handed use , and most modern Android phones ignore it . So while the Note is hard to use single-handed , it 's not any more difficult than any other Android phone .
READ : Samsung Galaxy S III review
It 's a bit heavier though , which might bother some , but it has a nice weight , and a great overall balance .
In terms of style , there 's a power button on the right-hand side , with volume controls on the left . The top has the headphone jack , while the bottom holds the USB socket for charging and data transfer .
Under the battery cover you 'll find the , erm , battery , along with the micro-SIM card slot , and the microSD card . Here you can add capacities of up to 64GB - which is quite a lot of storage for a phone .
There is a camera on the back , with an LED flash , and on the front is another , video-conference-type camera .
The pen on the note is interesting . We have mixed feelings about it , to be honest . The most exciting idea is to use it for handwriting recognition , but there are a few little bugs that prevent it being entirely practical . We 've done a lot of tweeting and text messaging using the system , and while it can work brilliantly , there are times when it just gets things wrong .
We noticed that getting the software to detect spaces was difficult at times . The problem was that there was a lack of consistency . If it never got spacing right , you could work around it , but it did get it right about 50 per cent of the time , meaning you 'd assume it had done its job , then look over your message and discover it had n't .
Capital letters were also a problem . The phone does n't seem to apply any logic to this , so sometimes words would have a random initial cap . This is obviously because of how we wrote the letters on the screen , but it 's fairly easy to remove caps through autocorrect , so we 're amazed the Samsung does n't seem to .
Other than that , the recognition itself is pretty brilliant . Its accuracy is very good , as long as you do n't write like an idiot and the screen/pen combination works really well . It 's arguably a little too small for much writing , but it works for short notes .
Of course , the pen does other things . You can use it as a finger , if you wish , meaning you do n't need to get grease all over your phone screen . It can be used to draw too , as you 'd expect , and there are some note-taking apps that allow you to record your writing as either
The 8-megapixel shooter is a bit weak in reduced light . So indoor snaps are little more than average . Outdoors , in strong light , and things get a lot better . There is enough detail in the images for most use . They wo n't disgrace themselves when printed out on sensibly sized paper and they 'll be fine for sharing via Facebook and the like .
There are also some nice features such as a burst shooting mode , that fires off lots of shots in rapid succession . These are stored in the phone memory , which might lead to some confusion about where to find them later .
You also get a lot of control , and there are plenty of modes which allow you to grab the `` best photo '' from eight shots , which the phone snaps - as with the burst mode - in rapid succession . In addition to all this , there are the usual settings to tweak , to get the best possible photo . And , to give the Instagram lovers a treat , there are some basic photo filters too .
The camera app is pretty easy to use . The usual touch-to-focus is here , and we did n't have any problems with it failing to focus properly - something that seems to plague cheaper phones . It 's also nice and quick to get a lock . We also found face detection worked well , and although we 've never made much use of it , it 's good to see it included .
Things get very cool when you look at what Samsung has added , both in terms of motion detection and gestures . Like many phones , you can turn the Note over to silence it when it 's ringing . Also , rather brilliantly , if you have a contact on-screen , then simply lifting the phone to your ear will call that contact . There 's a little buzz of vibration to confirm this is happening .
Our favourite feature though , has to be the gesture to pick up the phone . When you do this , by reaching toward the handset , the screen illuminates telling you if you have missed calls , new text messages and the level of your battery . It 's fab , although it uses the camera to pull this trick off , so expect it to destroy the battery life of your Note .
All of these features can be enabled or disabled individually too , so you can pick and choose the ones that suit your needs . We found most of them to be slightly pointless , and we never once managed to get the screen grab gesture to work .
With LTE in the UK being a bit of a mess , the whole situation has the potential to confuse . The Note 2 will be available on EE in a 4G variety . There are also other versions of the phone that support 4G on 700MHz and 1200MHz for regions where those frequencies are being used . If you want the Note 2 in a 4G flavour , you should seek help from your mobile network .
READ : Galaxy S III vs . Note 2
Based on the theoretical maximum , the Note 2 can download at 100mbps and upload at 50mbps . That 's some serious speed , and while we doubt most people will see anywhere near that , it 's a cool thought that your phone could download faster than your home broadband .
The rest of the phone is super-fast though . A quad-core processor means that there 's almost no lag at any time . There 's 2GB of RAM too , which should help to keep the phone feeling light , powerful and responsive . There are 16 32 and 64GB capacities too , although the one you 're likely to be buying is the 16GB .
Perhaps the best thing about the Note is that screen . At over 5-inches , it 's a formidable size for all things video , and the Note has some pretty cool tricks up its sleeve for this . But best of all , its 720p ( 720 x 1280 ) resolution is ideal for lots of media , and you 'll get a lot out of video that uses this format , as it 's brilliantly matched to one of the most common HD formats . Being an AMOLED panel , there 's no shortage of colour here , with bright tones bursting out of the screen . Samsung , perhaps aware of the criticism OLED gets for being quite unrealistic , has also provided modes to tone down the colour , should you want more natural tones .
As usual for Samsung 's high-end handsets , there is plenty of video playback support . MKV files - which have MP4 video within them - playback perfectly , and with sound too , which is n't the case on a lot of other phones .
If you use the stock video player , you also get the option to watch video in a pop-up window . This means you can browse the web , send text messages or do any other phone task , while watching your video in a small window . It 's a nice feature , that makes use of the Note 's impressive processing power .
And then , of course , you 've got Netflix , YouTube and countless other video players that will give you access to stacks of content , all on that big , bright , beautiful screen . Video is a real treat on the Note , so if you 're looking for a media device with a bigger screen than a phone , this is quite likely to be the device of your dreams .
Picture and sound quality are both brilliant though . We really liked the Note as an entertainment device . Music sounds great , and the music player Samsung includes is pretty good . You get access to Samsung 's Hub too , which allows you to store music online , but you will need an account with Sammy to use this - and that wo n't be for everyone .
After much dilly-dallying about getting Jelly Bean on the SGS III - it STILL has n't arrived , officially - we were very pleased to see the Note 2 ship with Google 's flagship OS already installed .
Jelly Bean is crucial , because it brings some of the most exciting features yet to Android . Google Now , for example , is fantastic , and the `` cards '' which the system uses to keep you updated on weather , traffic and public transport is utterly brilliant .
Voice control is also much improved , and Google 's system works as well or better than Siri in most of the tests we 've tried . It 's not got a sense of humour though , so do n't try making jokes or asking random questions to befuddle it .
You also get the new notifications area . This is a huge improvement , with much larger previews . We 've found that this has increased how much time we spend in the notifications tray , because it has suddenly become incredibly useful , both for toggles for the likes of Wi-Fi and GPS , but also for getting to the menus and seeing long previews of our email .
On top of Android , there 's Samsung 's TouchWiz interface . We are n't crazy about it , visually speaking , but in the Note it adds a lot of pretty crucial features . For example , the handwriting recognition , and apps that use the pen in general all make use of the Samsung modifications . So if you hate TouchWiz , this is n't the phone for you , as you 're stuck with it if you want to use the phone 's features to the fullest .
Usually , we complain about the stock keyboard on phones too . But here , we found ourselves quite liking the system . For one , the extra screen space allows for a dedicated row of numbers above the top row of letters . You 'd be surprised how much of a difference this makes to using the device . But also , the Samsung keyboard allows you to switch easily to handwriting recognition , which is another decent feature .
Samsung also includes its `` blocking mode '' , which is like Apple 's `` do not disturb '' function . You can block calls , text messages and so on for set times with this feature . There 's also the option to allow through calls from certain people - say , your child 's nursery , or your other-half .
The only problem with making phone calls on the Note is that it can sometimes be hard to locate the earpiece properly . This means you will sometimes not hear people on the other end all that well . Move the phone around , and you 'll eventually hit the sweet spot , but with no distinguishing `` feel '' , it 's harder than you might think .
Once you 're sorted , the audio quality of calls is brilliant . And while the Note is massive , and you look ridiculous using it , it 's a really comfortable phone to use and even though it 's both big , and heavy , we never struggled .
Text messaging on the Note is terrific . You can hand-write messages if you want , although it 's a bit arduous . But the extra screen size means that the keys , and the gaps between the keys , are larger than on a normal phone . This means typing is easier , and we discovered that we were able to type much more accurately .
A big phone needs a big battery . The screen alone will drink power in the Note 2 , so if you 're using it for , say , satellite navigation , where the screen is on constantly , then it 's going to run out of juice very quickly indeed . We tested this , and reckon you 'll lose power at more than 10 per cent per hour for navigation - and likely video too .
Things look up when you use the phone more `` normally '' . Once you 're out of the constant use phase that affects everyone when they first buy a handset , then you start to use it less and overall get more impressive battery life . The Note can easily last the day under normal use , and if you were conservative with it , you 'd get one-and-a-half to two days ' use . Switch off a few things like push notifications and you 'll have no worries .
The battery itself is a 3100mAh cell , so there 's a lot of juice in here . To give you an idea , most phone sit about 2000mAh these days - older , or smaller phones from 1600mAh up - and tablets rest around 6000mAh or more ( the iPad 3 is nearly 12,000mAh ) . The life you see though , can be curtailed by some of Samsung 's own functionality , like motion detection and some of the gesture-based coolness .
The BJP government has often been accused of remaining mum on the Hindutva agenda and discriminating against minorities . Prime Minister Narendra Modi has also been accused of turning a blind eye when churches are attacked or minorities are subjected to violence but on Monday , in a strongly worded message , he finally spoke out on the issue of discrimination against minorities .
Modi sent a message to the 'Sangh Parivar ' and said that the discriminatory comments and hate speeches made against minorities will not be `` tolerated '' .
`` Hate speeches and discrimination against any community wo n't be tolerated . '' Modi said , taking a stern stance , in an interview to news agency UNI , as reported by DNA .
“ Our Constitution guarantees religious freedom to every citizen and that is not negotiable , ” The Indian Express quoted him as saying .
Re-iterating his speech in Mathura on the day the government completed its first year in office , Modi also hit out at the opposition and accused them of belittling the government 's achievements .
“ Acche Din have arrived but some people are trying to belittle the work done by us . ”
Modi also addressed the controversial Land Bill issue . `` Opposition to the Land Bill is politically motivated , but I am open to suggestions , '' IBN Live quoted him as saying .
Modi had tweeted out his concerns when a 72-year-old nun was raped in West Bengal and and under construction church was attacked in Haryana in March .
PM is deeply concerned about the incidents in Hisar , Haryana and Nadia , West Bengal . — PMO India ( @ PMOIndia ) March 17 , 2015
However , the Congress reacting to Modi 's comments , dismissed it as a move to `` camouflage '' the real face of his government .
`` The prime minister has said earlier in parliament also that Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti 's comments were not right . He had said that he would not tolerate this and in the next week itself many such statements were made , '' Congress spokesperson Rajeev Gowda told the media here .
`` His statement is intended to camouflage what goes on as a routine business by his government and Sangh Parivar acolytes , '' he said .
`` His aim is to pacify those who are outraged by the kind of communal tension , the kind of communal harmony and the kind of communal violence that has been in place over the last one year , '' Gowda said .
On religious discrimination , he said : `` Unfortunately this government is known for tremendous double speak and basically these statements are intended to divert attention from what is happening on the ground . ''
`` We had a debate in parliament about unleashing of communal violence across India and all this government can do is essentially to say that it is not happening . They are turning a blind eye . These communal tensions have worsened and all this is because the perpetrators of communal violence , people who threaten another community , people who deny housing , '' he added .
The Congress spokesperson said Modi needed some economics lessons . `` Poverty is something UPA has made various efforts for . ''
`` He is accusing the opposition of being anti-poor when it is his government that has slashed social sector spending , '' he said .
Picking on Modi 's claims that `` achche din ( good days ) '' have arrived , he said , there was no issue left to discuss if it had already happened .
With IANS inputs
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
President Trump missed a deadline last week to file his 2016 federal tax return . Every president in the modern era abided by the deadline and made their document public . But Trump has remained steadfast in his decision to withhold his return from the American people . The media , meanwhile , has already seemed to move on from the subject .
The Trump White House and Republicans in Congress have been preparing to rollout tax reform legislation . They have faced questions as to how this legislation will affect the middle class . Yet no one has been asked how this tax plan will have an impact on Trump 's bottom line .
Advertisement :
During the 2016 presidential campaign , Trump was consistently berated to release his tax returns . His rival Hillary Clinton pointed to his undisclosed returns as a testament to his trustworthiness — or lack thereof . To appease critics , Trump frequently promised to release them .
In October 2015 , he told ABC News that , `` at some point , I 'll release it . '' A few months later , in January 2016 , when he was vying for the Republican nomination , Trump told NBC that his campaign was `` working on that right now . I have very big returns , as you know , and I have everything all approved and beautiful , and we 'll be working on that over the next period of time . . . . At the appropriate time , you 'll be very satisfied . ”
Trump later changed his tune and claimed he could not release his tax returns because he was being audited by the Internal Revenue Service .
A January 2016 petition on whitehouse.gov asked for 100,000 signatures to compel Trump to release his tax returns . More than a million people signed the petition .
Efforts to pry loose Trump 's tax returns at the state level hit a wall last week when Democratic Gov . Jerry Brown vetoed legislation from the California statehouse that would have forced presidential candidates to make their tax returns public before appearing on the California ballot . Similar legislation have been introduced in statehouses across the country , but Brown 's decision does not bode well for other states , considering California politics is home to the anti-Trump resistance .
Here 's the little Americans do know about Trump 's taxes over the years , according to CNN :
Advertisement :
BONN Germany ( Reuters ) - The use of carbon markets to curb rising greenhouse gas emissions was dealt a blow on Sunday after two weeks of United Nations talks on designing and reforming the mechanisms ended in deadlock .
The negotiations , held as part of U.N. climate negotiations in Bonn , Germany , made scant progress as envoys representing almost 200 nations tied reforms to progress under the wider discussions and remained entrenched in diverse positions .
The stalemate gives investors little sign that there will be a pickup in demand under the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) , the U.N. 's current main carbon market which has seen activity dry up after funnelling over $ 400 billion into emission-cutting projects in developing countries over the past decade .
It also offers no guidance on how the growing patchwork of national and regional carbon markets worldwide will fit into a future international framework to tackle climate change .
“ It is disappointing we did n't move forward , ” said Elina Bardram , an official at the European Commission representing the 28 EU nations at the talks .
“ We believe there is a future for markets ... ( but ) to agree on something that would n't be robust enough for us to engage on later on would just not make any sense , ” she told journalists at a briefing after the talks ended on Sunday .
DIVISIVE MEASURES
Big-emitting businesses and rich nations including the United States , Japan , and members of the European Union , favour designing new market-based mechanisms to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions as cheaply as possible .
Poorer nations have been more wary , particularly as most CDM investment went to wealthier emerging economies such as Brazil and China and to industrial gas destruction projects , which generated healthy profits for companies but led to little sustainable development and had their environmental integrity questioned .
Negotiations over a raft of CDM reform proposals broke down over whether to study how to convert the CDM to generate net emission reductions , rather than merely to generate carbon credits that can be used by developed countries to offset their emissions .
Efforts to include the option were led by a group of over 40 low-lying islands developing nations most at risk of being submerged by rising sea levels due to global warming .
It was also backed by the EU , which has used the lion 's share of CDM credits to date but wants to scale up global emission reduction efforts and encourage richer developing countries to pay for their own emission cuts .
Some other developing nations blocked the move , reflecting a wider 20-year distinction in U.N. climate negotiations that has put the onus on industrialised nations to curb global greenhouse gas output because of their historical responsibility for emissions and capacity to pay .
The deadlock dismayed other poorer nations keen to tap CDM investment .
“ We are disappointed by the lack of progress ; the CDM has not yet seen its way to Africa , ” said a spokesman for Sudan on behalf of a bloc of 54 African nations .
FRAMEWORK FALLS
In a separate strand of the talks , governments failed to make much progress on efforts to launch a platform to help set common standards and accounting rules for reducing emissions and tie together national and regional emissions trading schemes .
Separate text listing elements of such a platform , referred to as a “ Framework for Various Approaches ” , was promoted by a group of richer nations including the United States and Japan , which are both designing their own programmes to use foreign carbon credits .
But this was removed after meeting resistance from developing nations , which first want rich governments to take on deeper emission reduction targets at home .
Small island states and the EU are also concerned about advancing work on the framework without safeguards to assess the environmental integrity of new schemes , according to negotiators and observers to the mostly closed-door talks .
The EU , whose preparations towards a new global climate deal have not included additional demand for foreign carbon credits to 2030 , has been criticised by investor groups for undermining its leadership role in new carbon market development .
But the EU 's Bardram defended the approach . She said the bloc was committed to developing market-based measures in the long term if other nations made comparable commitments .
“ We do need to allow for a situation to develop whereby other partners have sufficient ambition for a truly global market to develop , ” she said .
The U.N. talks are scheduled to resume at the next negotiating round in December in Lima , Peru .
( This story corrects paragraph 9 which wrongly said CDM credits could be offset by developing countries )
“ Saratoga County NY finally sent me a HEAVILY redacted copy of the radio traffic log in the Shawn Glans/Colin Fitch incident last month . From the little they gave me it looks like the names of the other deputies ( at least one of which participated in the illegal search of the car ) were Daurio and Willetts . Their unit IDs were 4125 and 4123 , respectively . There were also respective numbers of 7 and 8 attached to their names , do n't know if that means badge numbers , car numbers or what . The rest of the page is blacked out . The accompanying letter states that the case has been referred to a special prosecutor and that I have to petition him for the other info I requested . Of course I will do so . ”
Much has been written about newspapers cutting staffs , news pages and bureaus in response to financial pressures in recent years . But a growing number of dailies also have reduced the amount of newsprint they devote to editorials and commentary , a departure from tradition that has gone largely unnoticed outside the affected communities .
The latest and perhaps most prominent example is the Philadelphia Inquirer , which announced in September that it was cutting in half—from two to one—the number of pages allotted to editorials and opinions on weekdays , triggering protests . There is no formal tally of reductions in editorials and commentary , but Pew Research Center interviews with editors across the country have confirmed a gradual shift both in the amount of space given over to opinion and in the missions of editorial and op-ed pages . Some papers have tried to compensate by running more editorials and columns online and launching more opinion-driven blogs . Some have shifted away from one of the historic missions of newspapers—influencing public opinion—and instead seek to foment community conversations online .
“ The trend over the last dozen years or so is that editorial departments have lost space and personnel , ” said Bob Davis , associate publisher/editor of The Anniston ( Ala. ) Star , which has cut one opinion page per week . “ People are looking at themselves less than being an editorial voice and more than being a stimulator of conversation . ”
One telling sign of the cutbacks is membership in the Association of Opinion Journalists , the organization that represents editorial writers and columnists . In 2006 , before most newspaper downsizing took place , the AOJ had 549 members . Since then , membership has plunged 55 % , to 245 this year .
Some examples of this changing landscape :
The Seattle Times a few years ago dropped one of its two opinion pages on Tuesdays through Fridays to save money . It also stopped using some syndicated columnists , figuring people could read them on other Web sites , said Editorial Page Editor Kate Riley . Now , she said , the editorial page focuses on local and regional issues while commentary on the paper 's web site has been beefed up . “ This is not a company that is abandoning its opinion pages , ” Riley said . “ The idea that fewer print pages is a measure of such commitment is Twentieth-Century thinking . ”
The Kansas City Star eliminated one of its three weekday opinion pages in late 2008 and one of three Sunday pages in 2011 . Miriam Pepper , vice president/editorial page , said that while some readers turn to the paper 's Web site to read commentary , that is not for everyone . “ It does really worry me that some papers are shrinking op-ed space , ” Pepper said . “ We 're the last place where communities can really have conversations that reach a really diverse audience . ”
The Scripps Treasure Coast Newspapers in Florida ( comprising the Stuart News , the Indian River Press Journal and the St. Lucie News-Tribune ) actually added two opinion pages on Sundays , but reduced the number of editorials they produce . As if to illustrate a shift in focus , Scripps changed Larry Reisman 's title from editorial page editor to audience engagement and opinion editor . “ If we do n't have anything that we have to say , ” Reisman said , “ then we do n't say it . ”
The South Florida Sun-Sentinel eliminated its op-ed page a few years ago , but reinstated a half page in response to an outcry from readers . Earlier this year , the paper added more space for opinion . But , Editorial Page Editor Rosemary Goudreau said , in the past decade , the number of editorial writers has dropped from 11 to five .
Many newspapers have cut editorial cartoonists and syndicated columnists in print and online . Jack Newcombe , president of Creators Syndicate , which represents 200 writers and artists , said he 's had to look to different types of Web sites to run his clients ' opinion columns because “ it 's absolutely harder ” to sell to newspapers these days .
The reduction in space at the Philadelphia Inquirer has been particularly contentious , with Editorial Page Editor Harold Jackson urging op-ed contributors to protest to the paper 's owners , a group of local investors . Publisher Bob Hall said that although the Inquirer has endured repeated rounds of financially induced cutbacks in recent years , the decision to eliminate the op-ed page “ was not done at all for cost-cutting purposes. ” Hall said that in focus groups , people said the paper had “ too many editorials , too much bias ” and that some , but not all , of the space will be made up with an extra page on Sundays . Still , Hall acknowledged that many readers have complained about the cuts . On Monday , Hall fired Inquirer Editor William K. Marimow , citing “ philosophical differences ” over the newspaper 's direction .
Topics : Newspapers , News Media Trends
Cliven Bundy claims he has the right to continue grazing his cattle in so-called “ Federal ” land without paying the Bureau of Land Management to do so , and without complying with Federal rules concerning how he does so . Is his claim just , from a libertarian perspective ?
All libertarians want all Federal land to be desocialized . But how ? Should ownership , or at least an easement , go to Bundy in this case ? Or should the land be auctioned off by the Feds , as some libertarians have claimed ?
Hans-Hermann Hoppe dealt with this question with the following analysis :
An elementary yet fundamental moral observation must precede the answer to this question . Since socialism can not arise without the expropriation of assets originally “ created ” and owned by individual homesteaders , producers , and/or contractors , all socialist property , ill-begotten from the very start , should be forfeited . No government , even if freely elected , can be considered the owner of any socialist property , for a criminal 's heir , even if himself innocent , does not become the legitimate owner of illegitimately acquired assets .
This makes it clear why “ Federal ” land , including the grazing land in Nevada , should not be auctioned off . The Federal government either confiscated that land from rightful owners , or laid claim to it while it was in an unowned state . In cases where it did the latter , such claims are illegitimate . The government did not work the land . It only used force to deprive individuals of their right to work the land , and to thereby homestead it .
The Federal government 's “ property ” in Nevada is “ ill-begotten from the very start ” and “ should be forfeited. ” Sale ( whether via auction or otherwise ) is not forfeiture . Sale presumes ownership .
Hoppe continues :
…all of [ a criminal 's heir 's ] “ inherited ” gains must immediately revert to the original victims , and their repossession of socialist property must take place without their being required to pay anything . In fact , to charge a victimized population a price for the reacquisition of what was originally its own would itself be a crime and would forever take away any innocence that a government previously might have had .
More specifically , all original property titles should be recognized immediately , regardless of who presently owns them . Insofar as the claims of original private owners or their heirs clash with those of the current assets ' users , the former should override the latter . Only if a current user can prove that an original owner-heir 's claim is illegitimate that the title to the property in question had initially been acquired by coercive or fraudulent means—should a user 's claim prevail and should he be recognized as the legitimate owner .
Thus , any Nevada land criminally taken by the Federal government from American Indians should revert to any identifiable , individual heirs of any identifiable , individual Indian victims . If such an heir should come forward , his claim to such land should be considered superior to anyone else 's , whether that of a current user , like Bundy , or of the Federal government .
Unfortunately , such heirs can not always be identified , or may not always come forward to assert their claims . Hoppe explains the best approach for dealing with such frequent situations :
Regarding socialist property that is not reclaimed in this way , syndicalist ideas should be implemented ; that is , the ownership of assets should immediately be transferred to those who use them — the farmland to the farmers , the factories to the workers , the streets to the street workers or the residents , the schools to the teachers , the bureaus to the bureaucrats , and so on . To break up the mostly over-sized socialist production conglomerates , the syndicalist principle should be applied to those production units in which a given individual 's work is actually performed , i.e. , to individual office buildings , schools , streets or blocks of streets , factories and farms . Unlike syndicalism , yet of the utmost importance , the property shares thus acquired should be freely trade-able and a stock market established so as to allow a separation of the functions of owner-capitalists and non-owning employees , and the smooth and continuous transfer of assets from less into more value-productive hands .
Hoppe footnotes this passage with an important clarification :
The reference to “ syndicalist ideas ” here is not to be interpreted as an endorsement of the program of syndicalism . ( … ) Quite to the contrary , the syndicalist slogan “ the railways to the railway men , the mines to the miners , the factories to the factory hands ” was originally meant to be a program of the expropriation of the private owners of capitalist enterprises . ( … )
The use of syndicalist ideas here is proposed to the very opposite effect , i.e. , as a means of privatizing previously socialized factors of production in such cases where no identifiable original ( expropriated ) private owner of these factors exists . Furthermore , the ethical rationale for the application of the syndicalist slogan in those — and only those — cases lies in the fact that such a privatization scheme approximates most closely the method described by John Locke of the first ( original ) just appropriation of previously unowned resources . The railwaymen have in fact “ mixed their labor ” with the railroads , and the miners with the mines . Hence , their claim to these resources must be deemed better founded than anyone else 's .
This gets at the crux of the issue with Bundy . Bundy and his employees have expended labor on using the Nevada grazing land in question productively . Moreover , he has been the only user of the land willing to risk his neck in asserting his right to continue to do so . He has come closer to legitimately homesteading the land ( or at least homesteading an easement on the land ) than anyone else contending for its use .
Many libertarians have expressed ambivalence regarding Bundy 's dispute with the Feds . But in a tug of war between two parties over scarce resources , there is no room for ambivalence . Either one party has a better claim or the other .
Bundy has a better claim than the Federal government , and that is all that matters in this question . The bureaucrats who staff the state and did nothing to work the land productively , have a far weaker claim , and should in no way benefit from the proceeds of auctioning the land .
Does some third party have a better claim than both Bundy and the Feds ? Until such a third party comes forward and presses his claim , that question has no bearing on the dispute at hand .
Did Bundy himself previously benefit from a privileged relationship with the Federal government ? That , again , is beside the point . The question remains : who , between the two parties actually pressing opposing claims , has the better claim ? Whether you sympathize with the party with the better claim is irrelevant .
If Bundy has victimized any individuals by pushing for legislation that violated their rights and that benefited him , and if such victims were to press for restitution , then Bundy should provide such restitution , even if to do so , he had to sell his land or easement . But , again , that does n't change the fact that his claim is superior to the Federal government 's .
Some argue that the land should go to someone who can afford to buy the land in auction ( likely not Bundy , they suppose ) , because such a buyer will have the capital to maintain it without government help . Again , that is irrelevant .
For one thing , the money spent buying the land does not go toward maintaining it ; it just fills the government coffers , later to be spent on throwing Americans into cages , and blowing non-Americans to pieces . Being able to buy the land/easement from the government does not indicate an ability to maintain the land/easement . The buyer may just re-sell it to someone who does have such an ability , and probably at a windfall profit , given that government auctions are usually rigged , and government sales in general are usually sweetheart deals .
If Bundy himself can not afford to maintain his land/easement without government help , then he ( not the government ) can and should sell it to someone who can . That , and not some government auction , is what would establish the true market value of the land .
Most remarkable is the claim made by some libertarians that Bundy implicitly recognized the Federal government 's right to charge management fees by paying them for years until recently . Did all the libertarians who paid income taxes yesterday thereby implicitly recognize the Federal government 's right to impose those taxes ?
And Bundy is willing to pay the State of Nevada instead of the Feds for grazing rights . Does that erode his moral standing ? Of course not . To use land he should have a right to use outright , he is simply willing to submit to a less demanding extortionist to get off the hook with a more demanding extortionist .
Now whether Bundy has a superior claim to the use of the land is separate from the question of whether it is wise for him to use force to assert his superior claim in opposition to the government , and whether such an assertion will indirectly hurt the cause of justice and liberty , thanks the criminal response of the Feds . But it is clear that , regarding the narrow issue of use rights over the land in question , justice favors Bundy against the State , and so should libertarians .
We all attempt to maintain our self control when it comes to eating but sometimes cravings get the better of us . Who can resist the lure of mashed potatoes , mac n ' cheese or a pumpkin spice donut ? The fall comfort food season is upon us and we have just the solution . Do n't deny your cravings—simply approach them from a healthy angle . Here are 15 makeovers of our favorite healthy comfort foods . Eat on , guilt free !
Sweet potato mac and cheese Craving Macaroni and Cheese ? Opt for Sweet Potato Mac and Cheese ( via Tastefully Gluten Free ) instead . Replace the macaroni and artificial cheese with delicious strands of sweet potato “ noodles ” and organic shredded cheese . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Crockpot veggie lasagna Dreaming of lasagna ? Pinch of Yum provides Skinny Veggie Crockpot Lasagna ; a gooey , cheesy , vegetable packed , slow-cooking masterpiece . Make ahead for healthy lunches all week . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Cauliflower Crust Grilled Cheese In the mood for grilled cheese ? Lose the bread and go for Cauliflower Crust Grilled Cheese ( via The Iron You ) . You 'll get two servings of cauliflower with each tasty , grain-free , sandwich . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Roasted Garlic Greek Yogurt Smashed Potatoes Hungry for mashed potatoes ? Running to the Kitchen 's Roasted Garlic Greek Yogurt Smashed Potatoes are equally decadent and healthy . The yogurt gives the potatoes a spectacular creaminess while the roasted garlic and sage up the flavor profile in a big way . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Vegan quinoa meatballs Yearning for spaghetti and meatballs ? Why not go meat-less with Queen of Quinoa 's Quinoa Vegan Meatballs with Zucchini Pasta . Mushrooms and lentils make for hearty , flavorful “ meat ” balls and accompany strands of fresh zucchini noodles beautifully . Top with your favorite pasta sauce . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Blueberry power pancakes Dreaming of blueberry pancakes ? Give your morning a kick in the pants with Pomegranate Bandit 's Blueberry Power Pancakes . Loaded with healthy ingredients like flaxseed , greek yogurt , and almond milk , these healthified pancakes will fill you up and leave you with lasting energy . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Healthy Oven Baked Chicken Tenders Finger-licking for fried chicken ? Panko breadcrumbs help keep the flavor without the fried with Healthy Oven Baked Chicken Tenders by 2 Teaspoons . Still finger-lickin'-good but with a fraction of the fat . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Flaky Biscuits with Honey Butter Wishing for biscuits ? Why not opt for Flaky Biscuits and Honey Butter by Love Grows Wild ? Coconut oil and almond milk replace butter and cream for a flaky , flavorful biscuit with much fewer calories . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Oven Baked Egg Rolls Eager for egg rolls ? No need to fry , Cherished Bliss brings us Oven Baked Egg Rolls . With fresh vegetables , ginger , and chicken , these baked beauties will be a dinner time favorite . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
15 minute Margherita Pizza Did someone say pizza ? Lose the excess fat and sugar and opt for Not Enough Cinnamon 's 15-Minute Margherita Pizza . With a pita bread base , sugar free tomato sauce , and fresh basil , this delectable pie is so easy to make a child could do it . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Whole grain coconut waffles Wild over waffles ? Whole Grain Coconut Waffles ( via Jen 's Favorite Cookies ) will really hit the spot . Loaded with whole wheat , these fluffy waffles are completely dairy free and completely delightful . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Healthier General Tso 's chicken Yearning for Chinese food ? Try the healthier version of a takeout classic . Cut the fried , fat , and calorie heavy sauces and instead use the oven . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Gluten free berry pie Wishing for pie ? Give yourself a single-serving of Gluten Free Berry Pie ( via Alex Runs For Food ) . Bursting with fresh berries , this mini pie uses only natural sugars and even comes with coconut whipped cream ! Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
Low Fat Whole Wheat Cinnamon Rolls Searching for Cinnabons ? Girl Who Bakes presents Low Fat Whole Wheat Cinnamon Rolls . Indulge in the cinnamon and sugary goodness of warm , pillowy sweet buns without the guilt . They 're low fat , high in sweetness , and whip together in about 30 minutes . Get the recipe → More from this Round-Up :
CNN 's Chris Cuomo nearly lost it on former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski during a Tuesday interview .
WATCH :
Lewandowski was defending the Trump campaign from Carter Page 's recent testimony that he took a July 2016 trip to Moscow where he supposedly met with a Russian official . Lewandowski contended that Page took the trip as a private individual and not as a member of the Trump campaign , but Cuomo was n't buying that explanation .
“ How is it true that nobody from the campaign had any contact or anything to do with Russian interference ? ” Cuomo grilled .
Cuomo argued that since Lewandowski told Page not to go to Russia as a member of the campaign , he must have known that his activities there were nefarious .
“ But Chris , I said you can do whatever you want to do because you do n't work for the campaign , ” Lewandowski shot back . “ I did n't know what he was doing ! ”
“ What , did you think he was going to get ice cream ? ” Cuomo snapped .
Follow Amber on Twitter
Tesla Model S
Electric-car maker Tesla has released a bit more detail about its plans to jump on the self-driving car bandwagon .
Tesla Motors [ NSDQ : TSLA ] will build a self-driving car within three years , CEO Elon Musk said in an interview with the British Financial Times .
If the company carries through on its promise , it may beat other companies -- including Mercedes-Benz and Nissan -- by several years .
Musk said Tesla will develop the technology for a self-driving car completely in-house .
That counters speculation earlier this year that it would partner with Google and use the search giant 's self-driving technology , which it has been testing for several years .
In other words , it will follow the same mentality that guided development of the Model S .
The company posted a job listing for an Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Controls Engineer on its website . That individual will spearhead Tesla 's autonomous car efforts .
Musk refers to Tesla 's self-driving technology as an `` autopilot , '' calling a fully-autonomous car a `` bridge too far '' in the Financial Times interview . Drivers will reportedly be able to switch the system on and off , just like an airplane 's autopilot .
This could potentially allow Tesla to sidestep the many legal issues surrounding self-driving cars . So far , California and Nevada have legalized testing of these cars on public roads , but their status in other states is ambiguous at best .
In the race to put a self-driving car into production , Tesla 's main automotive rivals will be Mercedes and Nissan , both of which have pledged to put autonomous vehicles into production by 2020 .
Mercedes took its fully-autonomous S-Class prototype on a 60-mile trip in Germany last month .
Nissan showed a prototype autonomous car based on the Leaf at its Nissan 360 event in Arizona .
_______________________________________________
Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook , Twitter , and Google+ .
In an effort to increase the amount of Peercoin nodes , we are discussing launching a campaign in which people can receive tips after they have proven that they are running a Raspberry Pi node . NewMoneyEra has made an extremely generous offer to contribute 1,000 PPC , on the basis of each person receiving a tip of 10 PPC per node .
Before starting this effort , we would need a rock-solid Raspberry Pi official Peercoin 0.4 version that is easy to set up and install . There also needs to be a way to confidently validate that the node is real . One option would be photo-evidence , but if this could be faked then a better option is required .
Please give your thoughts .
A NEW THREAD HAS BEEN SET UP FOR TIPPING : http : //www.peercointalk.org/index.php ? topic=2800.0
Transgender bathroom debate coming to AR ? Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Video
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . - It has become one of the biggest political fights in the country . And if one group has its way , we may see the battle over transgender rights and public bathrooms coming to Arkansas .
`` Women and girls ought to feel safe when they go into the restroom , '' said Jerry Cox , president of the socially conservative Family Council .
He says Arkansas law currently does not specify which bathroom people must use .
`` That 's something all of our lawmakers ought to be looking into , '' he said . `` We 're certainly looking into it . ''
The Family Council works closely with state lawmakers , and Cox says chances are `` pretty high '' one of them will file legislation on the issue during a legislative session next year .
`` What is the problem that they 're trying to solve ? '' asks Rita Sklar , executive director of ACLU Arkansas . `` I have n't heard of any bathroom assault caused by transgender people . ''
Legislation demanding people use the bathroom of the gender they are biologically born with is sparking controversy in states across the country .
`` They are discriminatory obviously and can be very costly in terms of lost business , '' said Sklar .
In North Carolina , a law signed by the governor led to canceled concerts and conventions . Some large businesses are halting plans for expansion .
Cox says the laws are being misrepresented by some in the media . He says the purpose is to protect women and those who may be sued for refusing to let someone use a bathroom or locker room of their choosing .
`` There 's protection against intrusion of privacy , '' Sklar said . `` There 's protection against assault . So , I do n't see that we have a problem there . ''
For the second time in a few weeks I have found myself visiting a disappointingly undersized architecture exhibition .
Last weekend I went visited the Royal Academy for the Four Visions for the Future of Housing exhibition , part of the RAs Future of Housing season . Open until May 17th , this exhibition occupies The Architecture Space at the Royal Academy 's Burlington House presenting four large boards with conceptual visions of the future , by four different Architects ; Sarah Wigglesworth Architect , Mæ Architects , Dallas Pierce Quintero and 5th Studio .
Fascinating in itself is how very different approaches these practices took to the question , looking at alternative strategies for buying homes , custom-build house , re-inventing lost , rural towns , and looking for inspiration for an ageing population . Each concept is delivered in a unique format to the others , and all provide some exciting ideas . I particularly enjoyed Maes
Unfortunately , The Architecture Space is a single , tiny room . In fact , ‘ room ' , is pushing it . It is really a ramped hallway between between circulation spaces . “ Behind the stairs and turn left and it 's just…sort of…there ” , was the receptionist 's directions for finding this space , after the first person I asked gave me that pitying “ you 've come to the wrong place , mate ” , frown .
There is still one talk left in this related ‘ The Future of Housing ' season , with the fantastic Sarah Wigglesworth . I would suggest this would be a good opportunity to visit this exhibition , as you wo n't need to long to see it .
I guess it 's reasonably appropriate that an exhibition addressing the housing crisis – an issue due in part to lack of available land – should be squeezed into some nook or cranny , like the last remaining sock shoved into an over-packed suitcase . But this is n't exactly a small building ; is this really all the space available ? There was lounge-like room next door with cosy leather armchairs that did n't look particularly crammed . If you 're going to make full use of circulation space then why not use more ?
The same question came to mind yesterday when I saw the Barbican 's display for the work of Chamberlin , Powell and Bon ; it 's own Architects . I suppose I should really have looked the event up , because the website really does tell you that this exhibition is presented in the foyer , and is a look at photographs taken by the building 's architects , rather than a study of their architectural work . But still , this building is enormous ! If we are going to insist , again , on accommodating these displays in circulation space rather than dedicated exhibition destinations , then why not sprawl out further throughout the endless walkways that this fantastic brutalist building has to offer . Not just a few cases of photographs over in one corner .
This is not to say that the display is bad . The photographs are certainly attractive and showcase the Architects ' interest in travel and the study of architecture , whilst a display of Chamberlins drawing tools serves as a quaint reminder of the craft-work involved in putting together and architectural drawing before Cad came along .
Also on display until May 17th , the website tells us that this is just the “ first display in a series exploring the architecture and design of the Barbican ” , but providing such a tiny exhibition to celebrate the building 's Architects in a tiny area that is dwarfed by the space created by the very same Architects just seems embarrassing . I hope that the future displays make the most of the Barbican 's gargantuan public spaces .
I would n't suggest that this is something you would go far out of your way to see , like I did , but there are always interesting events on at the Barbican , so this should be a little reason to get to your next show a little early , just to have a little browse .
Advertisements
The San Diego Chargers fired the proverbial starter 's pistol to ignite the sweepstakes to land receiver Vincent Jackson on Monday when they decided against making him one of the record 21 players to receive the franchise designation by the league 's 3 p.m. deadline .
Vincent Jackson caught seven passes for 165 yards against the Bears in their game last season . Dennis Wierzbicki/US PRESSWIRE
Believed to be one of the teams expected to make a run at Jackson , the Chicago Bears certainly are n't complaining . But they 'd better be preparing their best offer for Jackson because there 's sure to be competition for his services from a variety of clubs , including the Chargers , which continue to negotiate with representatives for the receiver on a long-term contract .
By standing idle as the franchise-tag deadline passed , the Chargers opened the door for Jackson to negotiate and sign with another team when free agency begins on March 13 ( many times , deals are consummated before the official start of free agency ) . Jackson wants to remain in San Diego , and it 's believed he 'll accept a lesser deal to stay with the club . But it became virtually impossible for the Chargers to franchise Jackson under the new CBA regulations .
Jackson earned $ 11.4 million as the Chargers ' franchise player in 2011 . To retain Jackson again in that capacity in 2012 , San Diego would have been required to pay the receiver 120 percent of his '11 salary , which all would count against the team 's salary cap for the upcoming season .
`` We discussed it again this morning , and nothing changed . We did not like the franchise number ( $ 13.7 million ) , never did , '' Chargers general manager A.J . Smith said in a statement . `` Vincent will enter the market , and we will see what happens . We would like to have him continue on with us , but other teams now will enter the picture . ''
Two NFC North teams -- the Bears and Minnesota Vikings -- are expected to vie for Jackson , along with a host of other clubs including Carolina , San Francisco , Tampa Bay and Washington . The Vikings actually attempted to land Jackson in 2010 through a trade , and it 's likely their interest in the receiver has n't cooled ; especially given its situation at quarterback with inexperienced Christian Ponder , who needs more weapons .
Jackson finished last season with 60 catches for 1,106 yards and nine touchdowns , including a seven-catch , 165-yard outing against the Bears on Nov. 20 . At the Senior Bowl , a source close to Jackson -- pessimistic about his prospects for remaining in San Diego -- said the receiver hoped the Bears would express interest in free agency .
The question now seems to be what it would take for a team financially to acquire Jackson . Several agents for receivers around the league believe Jackson 's reps -- who could n't be reached for comment -- are seeking upwards of $ 13 million per year . Those same agents do n't expect the market for Jackson to bear more than $ 12 to $ 12.5 million per year , although one cautioned that `` all it takes is one team . ''
New Bears general manager Phil Emery was believed to be interested in Kansas City 's Dwayne Bowe -- in part , because of their history together -- but the Chiefs took him off the market Monday by designating him their franchise player . Two other receivers -- New England 's Wes Welker and Buffalo 's Steve Johnson -- came off the market earlier in the day . The Patriots tagged Welker as their franchise player , and the Bills signed Johnson to a five-year extension .
So while the market at receiver thinned out somewhat on Monday , the biggest target -- Jackson -- remains a possibility for the Bears . The club has n't stated its intentions publicly , but multiple sources believe the Bears plan to make a legitimate run at the receiver .
Should they fail to land Jackson , several competent options at receiver are expected to be on the market next week , including New Orleans ' Marques Colston and Robert Meachem , Dallas ' Laurent Robinson , Washington 's Donte ' Stallworth and Reggie Wayne and Indianapolis ' Pierre Garcon .
With a torrent of images from the mundane to the momentous on social media and online , Susan Meiselas has been thinking about how to empower and excite photographers about an uncertain future . Ms. Meiselas , a member of Magnum , was a guest editor for the latest issue of Aperture magazine , where she highlights how photographers can embrace their new tools to make new choices and start new conversations .
“ Everyone has a smartphone and everyone 's a photographer , ” she told the Lens co-editor James Estrin . “ So those who have committed themselves to developing the visual language of photography over these decades have to ask , ‘ How can we continue to contribute ? ' ”
Their conversation has been edited .
Q .
In the current edition of Aperture magazine that you edited , you discuss some of the issues raised by your program “ Photography , Expanded. ” Why did you start the program ?
A .
This digital environment has created whole new ways in which we can interact . And we need to be stimulated to do that , inspired to do that . We need to look at new models that do it in ways we have n't even imagined before .
We know the community has felt stuck in some ways , threatened in others , because of limited economic resources . This field is not being supported in the way that we desperately need for photography to continue to connect us in a world that is fractured and that we need to understand better .
It is incredibly important to not feel disempowered but to feel re-empowered . So I did this for myself as an author as well as a community of authors that I 'm with in Magnum and for the next generation , some who have been inspired by that authoring but who are in a new environment .
For example , I 'm excited to learn what our newest Magnum member , Michael Christopher Brown , is doing and thinking about in the Congo when he 's online and when he 's offline — when he chooses to engage or chooses to reflect .
I 've only recently seen his book “ Libyan Sugar , ” about a very tragic moment for me personally and other photographers — losing both Chris Hondros and Tim Hetherington . [ Mr. Hondros and Mr. Hetherington were killed in a mortar attack in Libya in 2011 . ] In Michael 's book he 's communicating with text messages to the U.S. while he 's in the middle of this very complex and dramatically shifting environment in Libya . Changes in technology create opportunities for us to create different dialogues .
Q .
What you 're hoping to empower photographers to do is move into the future ?
A .
Completely . To move into the future with some excitement rather than fear and with a more empowered sense of choices , rather than the sense of being of less value .
Q .
Being a photographer today is very different than 30 years ago . Everything has changed , even the way we look at it .
A .
What 's most complicated for those of us who have been around is that photography 's exploding in so many different dimensions . At the same time .
What the Aperture issue is doing is embracing those who feel fearful of these changes . That 's the starting point . We see the positive aspects of these changes as opportunities rather than what is being taken away . People have to make choices , though obviously in some cases people do n't have choices .
For example , there is no more Kodachrome 200 film so , even if I loved it , I ca n't do anything about it . But Larry Towell is in Ukraine right now , and he went with a black-and-white film camera as well as a digital camera . So he 's making choices .
Q .
But whether in the creation or in the distribution , the way we did it previously is probably not enough by itself ?
A .
People still will make books and exhibitions without other sources of information . We 're trying to expand that vocabulary of what people can draw on , including the work of others .
Q .
Including your subjects ?
A .
I think it can be subjects and I think it can be photographers . In this issue there is a project with Daniel Traub that involves Africans living in China and a local Chinese photographer who contributes the portraits of the new immigrants — creating a dialogue between what he sees and what the other photographer sees from another perspective .
Also in this issue is Basetrack , which incorporates the soldier who might be fighting in Afghanistan and his family who might be isolated , not having sufficient information in America . Now you can create through the digital culture something that was much more difficult if not impossible previously . So we were trying to focus on projects that are possible now that would n't be possible in predigital photography .
Photo
Q .
But for photographers — unlike filmmakers — part of the pleasure of photography was that you did it by yourself .
A .
Yes , and there is a dimension of that I think we all are very attached to , whether it 's making it yourself in a darkroom or while in the field making relationships to a person or a community . It changes in a digital landscape , but it is an extension of that relationship-building .
Q .
But now you 're not necessarily the sole arbiter .
A .
Yes , for me when I first was doing strippers , which was quite a long time ago , I knew that those voices would complement whatever I did . I wanted the viewer to experience the two perspectives , not just be exposed to the one .
Q .
So you recorded audio ?
A .
I recorded voices . The difference was that I did n't have the means we have today when you can be digitally looking at an image and hearing that voice at the same time . That was more difficult .
I did that in an exhibition and now in the book with the CD in the back , but it 's not the same as digitally clicking and hearing , seeing and hearing simultaneously . We could n't do that . And now there are e-books , which even though problematic in their discoverability in cyberspace are wonderful platforms for exploring this multidimensionality we 're talking about .
Q .
What would you do differently in Nicaragua with the tools available today ?
A .
Unquestionably , I would be working with Instagram , which otherwise I 'm not . I 'm not one of the people gathering followers . But I think if I were in the field where events were unfolding and I had the capacity to share that information as people are doing , I would .
At that time I was thinking more about history than news , but nonetheless I think I would have a desire to have people know what 's happening in tweets and hearing much more from the participants voicing their experiences . Hearing those experiences in video and in stills .
Q .
You had fewer tools then .
A .
This digital environment creates this whole other way to interact . In this issue of Aperture magazine we 're trying to build a greater dialogue , create conversations that draw on new ways photography — documentary in particular — is being expanded from the notion of just the authors to include participants in collaborative ways , but within frameworks based on the authors ' vision .
It 's about having impact in a very noisy environment . How do we create a focus so people can still feel connected emotionally to what 's happening in a very fractured world ? Feel connected in ways that they once did ? Without Life magazine , without the front page that everybody reads , how do we create the kind of communication we hope will connect people ?
Photo
Photography , Expanded is an initiative started to help documentary photographers expand their storytelling beyond the still image and to encourage collaboration across disciplines . Begun in 2013 by the Magnum Foundation and the Open Society Foundations in collaboration with Wendy Levy , the program features a series of labs , panel discussions and symposium this year . Applications are open for spring workshops now .
Follow @ MagnumFND , @ aperturemag , @ JamesEstrin and @ nytimesphoto on Twitter . Lens is also on Facebook .
VSP 's Hack the Glasses is kicking off its Columbus Hackathon debut @ VSP Easton on the 18th , 19th , and 20th of November !
We will be hacking The Level smart glasses created by The Shop @ VSP . ( See organizer description ) . They are best known for their work on Google Glass and the design of the Nike Wing sunglasses used in the Rio Olympics . LINK
The hackathon will begin on Friday at 3:30PM with an intro to the smart glasses tech , The Shop , and the hackathon contest guidelines . The hackathon will end on Sunday with the `` Lunch , Judge , and Prizes '' presentation .
$ 3K in cash money will be awarded alongside every participant receiving a pair of Nike Sunglasses . There will be no short supply of sustenance while programming throughout the 2-day bash .
This hackathon is for you , if :
you program in Android and/or iOS
know how to program or hack IoT hardware
you are a UX/UI desinger for iOS or Android
We will provide the glasses to hack on and extra hardware/sensors to create all your crazy ideas . ( If you have any particular sensor requests prior to the event , please contact Spencer below ) .
Space is limited so RSVP and share with your other hacker friends .
Here is the open source GitHub link for the SDK : https : //github.com/TheShopAtVSP/levelSDK
FAQs
Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event ?
No age requirements , but you must have enough experience to feel comfortable competing with other Android and iOS developers .
What are my transport/parking options getting to the event ?
Ample free parking . Busses that go to Easton can get you here .
What can/ca n't I bring to the event ?
Bring your computers and smartphones . We 'll provide the WiFi and Level smart glasses .
Where can I contact the organizer with any questions ?
contact Spencer Bardsley @ spenba @ vsp.com .
More Guns , Less Money : Harvard 's High-Profile , Cash-Strapped Firearm Research Center As the need for firearms data grows , David Hemenway and his team at the Injury Control Research Center find themselves pinching pennies .
As the director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center , David Hemenway is often cited as one of the nation 's leading researchers on guns and public health . But when he gives talks , he has to make his own PowerPoint presentations , rather than rely on a paid research assistant . He 's also responsible for running the research center 's website , not out of a love for web design , but because his operation lacks the funding to hire outside help . Like most gun research institutes in America , the Injury Control Research Center is seriously underfunded . The lack of money is n't just a headache for gun researchers — it also seriously limits what the public knows about the roughly 300 million guns in the United States .
“ I always say that public health is incredibly underfunded , especially compared to medicine , ” Hemenway tells The Trace . “ Within public health , injury and violence research is underfunded , and within injury and violence research , firearms are incredibly underfunded . ”
Hemenway could n't give exact figures for the annual funding the Injury Control Research Center receives , but other metrics indicate that it falls short of what other programs within the Harvard School of Public Health take in . The obesity research program , for example , has 18 full-time staff members : two co-directors and 16 affiliated faculty members . The Injury Control Research Center musters four full-time staff members . One of them , co-director Matthew Miller , also serves as a professor at Northeastern University , in part , Hemenway says , because it provides him with a more stable salary .
Stay Informed Subscribe to receive The Trace 's newsletters on important gun news and analysis . Email address The Canon Sent every Saturday . Our guide to the week 's most revealing , must-read reporting on gun issues .
The Daily Bulletin Sent weekday mornings . Get up to speed with The Trace 's latest articles and other important news of the day . Leave this field empty if you 're human :
“ We 've really shrunk over the years , ” Hemenway says . “ There was a period when we were flush , when we were focusing less on guns and we had a lot of people helping . But as soon as the focus became guns , it became harder to get the money . ”
The lack of funding for gun research is well-documented . In the mid-'90s , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) began exploratory gun research to document the risks associated with having a gun in the home . After several studies backed by CDC money were published in prestigious medical journals , the gun lobby made the argument that federal dollars were going to support gun control . The resulting political pressure culminated in the 1996 Dickey Amendment , which has effectively forbidden the CDC from funding research on guns . “ After that , the CDC was afraid to even say the word ‘ firearms ' for 20 years , ” Hemenway says .
For Hemenway and his colleagues , a scarcity of federal grants is a huge issue : Harvard 's School of Public Health is a “ soft-money school , ” which means faculty are largely tasked with supplementing their incomes with outside grants . One-third of Hemenway 's salary is paid by Harvard for teaching and administrative work , but he 's expected to raise the rest himself , plus any additional funding he might need for research . If losing CDC funding hurt , the loss of potential NIH support in 2012 really left them feeling the squeeze .
“ The funding environment has gotten worse in all areas , but in the gun area , it 's always been horrible , ” Hemenway says . “ We 've never gotten to the point where we 've had to stop entirely , but we 've gotten close . I 've thought If something good does n't happen within a year , what in the world are we going to do ? ”
“ You ca n't have a career doing gun research . I care about my students , so I specifically tell them , ‘ Do n't do this . ' It 's an incredible sacrifice . ”
There are very few research groups in the U.S. that focus almost full-time on gun research , and Harvard 's is n't alone in scrounging for funding . At the University of California , Davis , Dr. Garen Wintemute donated more than $ 1 million out-of-pocket after his Violence Prevention Research Program lost federal grants . For now , Hemenway relies on funding from the Department of Veterans Affairs , the Bohnett Foundation , and the Joyce Foundation , which collectively support the Injury Control Research Center 's four staff members and their research . Harvard supplies some financial staff members to help manage the budget , but beyond that , the small team is on its own . A lack of full-time assistants might not sound like a hardship to those in many other fields , but for the team 's veteran academics , it means taking time away from their research to juggle administrative tasks — not just PowerPoint-making and website-updating , but also literature reviews and grant applications .
The studies that gun researchers have been able to afford have uncovered important facts . According to Hemenway , data yielded by the small field shows decisively that more guns and laxer gun laws lead to more incidences of violence , and that guns in the home are a significant risk factor for suicide . But when it comes to the specifics of many of these broader issues , researchers are n't able to give conclusive answers . Which gun laws in the United States are most effective ? Probably background checks , Hemenway says , but we do n't know for sure . Guns in the home are a risk factor for certain groups of people , but is it true across the board ?
“ We 've written over a hundred journal articles , ” says Hemenway . “ But given the size of the problem , it 's peanuts . We have problems with gun accidents , we have problems with suicide and guns , we have problems with gang violence and guns , intimate partner violence and guns , mass shootings and guns . And they all have different aspects to them . We have to understand what the problem is , how to approach the problem , and do our approaches work . And we just do n't know anything . ”
“ There are so many things we 'd like to do , ” he adds . “ Just pick a topic , and we 'd like to know more about it , from things like open carry to gun training to gun storage to gun theft to straw purchasers . ”
Earlier this year , Hemenway and his colleagues conducted a landmark survey on gun ownership in America . They 've had to release the results gradually in several published and upcoming journal articles , partly to increase their odds of catching a grant-maker 's eye . In the meantime , the future of firearms research remains in flux . Hemenway says that experienced researchers are reluctant to tell graduate students to focus on guns , knowing the limitations of the field .
“ You ca n't have a career doing gun research ” says Hemenway . “ I care about my students , so I specifically tell them , ‘ Do n't do this . ' It 's an incredible sacrifice . ”
[ Photo : Flickr user Peter Gerdes ]
Roush Industries Job Posting
October 31 , 2013 – November 17 , 2013
# 9807 CMM Operator – Portable Romer
Roush supplies comprehensive , integrated development services and provides customers with support that fuses technology and engineering . From design through prototyping , testing and manufacturing , we take our customers ' visions from the sketch pad to production . We 're focused , efficient , and we deliver . With over 2500 employees in more than 40 facilities across the United States , and interests around the world , Roush solves customers ' problems and provides significant support to the automotive , performance products , military , entertainment , life sciences , alternative fuels and consumer products industries .
We are focused on performance , driven by technology , and committed to our customers ' success .
If you 're only happy when your customers are happy , we want you on our team .
We currently have opening for one CMM Operator on the day shift . This position is located in Livonia , MI .
Requirements :
High school diploma or equivalent
Possesses skills to use the Romer Portable CMM systems
Two years of experience operating a CMM system
Experience performing dimensional inspections
Demonstrates strong computer skills / knowledge
Understanding of CAD / GD & T
Proven experience performing regularly scheduled calibration checks on department measuring instruments
Use of basic dimensional metrology tools
Analytical and detail-oriented
Able to interact with multiple departments
Preferred :
Associate 's Degree or equivalent from a two-year college or technical school
Knowledge of PC-DMIS software
Proven experience generating detailed measurement reports
ASQ certification
Benefits include medical , dental , vision , life insurance , LTD , 401K , paid vacation , and paid holidays .
You must refer to this # 9807- CMM posting to be considered .
Send resume by November 17 , 2013 . AA/EEO
Send updated resume to Amanda Alanouf , Fax : 734-779-7804 Email :
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is in hospital this afternoon after attempting to put out the ongoing New South Wales fires with nothing but his own chest .
Abbott , who earlier today was visiting Winmalee – the scene of one of many unfolding fire-related disasters across the state – told media that he was “ fearful for all the ladies out there , ” and would do whatever he could “ to keep them protected . ”
“ Men can cope with fire , ” he explained , wiping sweat from his brow . “ It 's hot , but we 're used to hot . Uh , heat .
“ But for all the sexy ladies across New South Wales ? This is tough , tough indeed . ”
The Prime Minister and Minister for Women was shown several private properties that were in immediate danger of being incinerated by fire , and at one point , became so emotional that he took matters into his own hands .
“ Why are we just standing here ? ” he asked , visibly frustrated . “ We have to protect all the women ! ”
Abbott then tore off his shirt and ran towards the blaze , before tripping over a log , landing face first on the ground , and catching fire .
The Minister for Women had to be rescued by eight firefighters , who moved swiftly to put him out and airlift him to hospital .
As he was being loaded into the helicopter , Abbott chastised a senior fireman for allowing female firefighters near the blaze , saying it was “ not safe for them here . ”
Speaking from a hospital bed following the incident , Abbott blamed his inability to put out the fire on “ science . ”
Most of my memories of Warcraft 2 fall somewhere on a spectrum between the fond and the ridiculous , very often featuring elements of both . It was the first game that gave me the opportunity to win a protracted battle of minds with another person ; my first multiplayer victory in something that was n't a five minute action or sports game , set up on a rudimentary home network typical of the mid 90s . We only had one CD , but that was fine . Warcraft 2 allowed you to share your copy for the purpose of multiplayer . Blizzard were a permissive bunch .
It was the first game that I remember introducing ridiculous barks , those acknowledgements whenever you selected a unit or issued an order . A whole generation of PC gamers still has many of those memorised and we all knew that persistent clicking made our armies angrier and angrier . Two headed ogres began to argue . `` Are you still touching me ? '' exclaimed frustrated soldiers . `` You 're making me seasick , '' insisted ships ' captains , before the sound of relatively high-fidelity vomiting came through your speakers . The thing that you need to understand is that this never got old . To this day , `` Your sound card works perfectly ! '' remains a phrase as popular as it is plainly declarative .
Similar repetitive clicking also made the game 's sheep explode . I still do n't know why these neutral units were walking about the map or what purpose they served , so perhaps they really did only exist to blow up for the amusement of puerile teenagers like myself . That was fine , we thought it was great .
Managing large battles always got a little fiddly as you could only select a maximum of nine units at once .
We thought it was great because Warcraft 2 was the ideal game for us , for teenagers who needed that perfect mix of the stimulating and the silly . Real-time strategy games were still in their infancy and the mixture of resource-gathering and army management was a new , exciting and constantly stimulating way to play and to fight a war . It felt like you were perpetually spinning plates as you panned your camera across the battlefield , switching between combat and non-combat units , issuing new build orders , making sure your base was protected and sending armies out to further push back the fog of war , that thick black veil , that was draped across all the RTS games of the era . You were both an economist and a strategist . Fail in one role and you could not succeed in the other .
At the same time , and even in those days , we recognised the ridiculous . There was the drunken pathfinding that had your units bumping off one another like weebles in an alleyway , inevitably leading to at least one archer deciding to take the long way round and then being ambushed by the enemy , even blihtely strolling right though their headquarters . There was the dogged determinism of your worker units , who bravely tried to push past the enemy to collect gold or lumber instead of fleeing for their lives . Daftest of all were the inevitable soldier-versus-building showdowns , where the only way to destroy enemy structures was to have your forces slash them with swords or pepper them with arrows until , eventually , they caught fire and exploded . Do n't for a second think that the gamers of the past were a blindly forgiving bunch . Even then , we recognised that stabbing a castle looked stupid .
Things like these were establishing themselves as RTS standards and in the years ahead we 'd cheer whenever we saw a game that found some way to flout them , but for the time being we could just about handle the dumb units and the strange happenings , because the pace of the game was more than enough distraction . You desperately need more units , yet before that you desperately need more farms to feed them , yet before that you desperately need more lumber , gold or even oil in the bank . The best way to get more of those is , naturally , to build more worker units , yet those again demand more farms ... This economic cycle was n't just the engine that powered your conquests , it could also be a source of serious vulnerabilities . Lose a farm or two to a raid and you might lose the ability to expand your forces . Those farms have to be rebuilt , which takes money and time , during which your battle plans might have to be put on hold . Hitting people where it hurt almost always involved a swift kick to the wallet .
The unit scale versus building scale was always a little ... funny .
That first victory I mention was an economic one rather than a tactical one , as much due to a lack of diligence than my ever-growing ranks of well-fed archers . I defeated my rival because he failed to keep track of how much money was left in the mine he 'd been forever plundering , so busy he was sending so many peasants into it that he 'd effectively created a human pipeline . When it coughed up its last gold coin and crumbled into nothing , he suddenly realised he had no way to repair his damaged village , nor any way to bring fresh orcs into the fight . Everything began to collapse while , across the other side of the map , I slowly and diligently assembled another strike force .
It was n't quite a foregone conclusion , mind . Warcraft 2 did a fine job of giving each of its units a distinct ability or advantage of some sort , making combined tactics important , and at range my infantry would have been crushed by an assemblage of substantially upgraded catapults . Up close , however , those things were useless , expensive boondoggles that , like just about anything else in the game , could be furiously stabbed until they erupted in flames .
It 's astonishing to me now that Warcraft 2 is almost 20 years old , because I still remember the conclusion to that particular game very clearly . I remember winning and I remember the exact moment of winning , something I knew could only have happened if I 'd kept all those plates spinning fast enough and for long enough . Replaying the game today , it 's unfair to expect it to have aged well and , naturally , it now feels clumsy . Still , there 's a particular sort of familiarity there and it clearly , proudly wears many of the stylistic and mechanical elements that its descendants would inherit . While the execution was refined for Warcraft 3 , many of the mechanics remained the same . Those exploding sheep resurfaced in World of Warcraft . The bickering , two-headed orge still lives on as a hero in Dota 2 .
It 's not often that we can trace a lineage so distinct , but It 's perhaps even more remarkable that it reaches so far . I 'm now twice as old as I was when I won that game , and Blizzard own several franchises that are beginning to stretch across generations . The difference now is that , at this moment , there are more players than ever experiencing their first victory , whether that 's in Starcraft 2 , Hearthstone or Diablo 3 . They 're more elegant victories , I 'm sure , in shinier arenas and with smoother , wiser and more intelligent execution . They might never know of a time where we used to stab castles , but I 'm quite sure they 're making their own memories , both fond and ridiculous .
Jordan Spieth wants everyone to know he 's doing just fine .
Speaking publicly for the first time since his Masters meltdown , Spieth said that he was n't taking the episode as hard as fans might think .
“ I have ladies at grocery stores coming up and putting their hand on me and going , ‘ I 'm really praying for you . How are you doing ? ' And I 'm like , ‘ My dog did n't die . I 'm doing OK , ' ” Spieth said from a sponsor 's event in Pennsylvania on Tuesday . “ I 'll survive . It happens . It was unfortunate timing . ”
Spieth was cruising on Masters Sunday as he entered the back nine . Then he spiraled out of control with a bogey-bogey-quadruple bogey stretch on holes 10-12 that tossed him from the driver 's seat . He would finish tied for second , three strokes behind eventual champ Danny Willett .
After the round , Spieth said all the right things . He slipped the green jacket onto Willett 's shoulders , sat patiently through the trophy ceremony and faced the media who wanted an emotional quote from the 22-year-old experiencing heartbreak . He did n't give it then , and he did n't give it now . With time to reflect — and let loose — Spieth now has a rather optimistic view of his unfortunate turn of events in Augusta .
“ I laugh about it now , ” Spieth said . “ I really do . ”
Give the kid credit . It 's been 23 days since he drove down Magnolia Lane that Sunday evening , presumably with his head spinning . He 's had time to relive the first tee shot at the par-3 12th that landed on the bank and rolled into Rae 's Creek . The third shot that he chunked into the water . The fifth shot that landed in the back bunker . The tap in for seven . And the 22-year-old is choosing to laugh it off .
He also explained his thought process on that fateful 12th hole in more detail .
“ I was n't trying to hit the ball at the flag , ” he said . “ I was trying to hit the ball to our spot . My miss that week was slightly off the heel with a short right shot . Had that miss come on 11 . It was just bad timing on the miss . And then just a poorly executed wedge on the next shot . ”
Spieth said he received notes the week after the Masters from athletes across all sports with words of encouragement , such as , “ This happens to everyone , ” “ No doubt you 'll be back , ” and “ Do n't draw on it . ”
“ And pretty much they believe , just as we believe , that we 'll be back — no problem , ” Spieth said .
EU Internet policy seems bewitched by the term ‘ neutrality ' , applied to networks and now search engines and other online platforms . Andrea Renda questions in this latest Special Report whether this is this a good way to protect end users .
Publication Series : CEPS Special Report No . of pp : 23
Originally confined to the infrastructure layer , today the neutrality rhetoric is being expanded to multi-sided platforms such as search engines and more generally online intermediaries . Policies for search neutrality and platform neutrality are invoked to pursue a variety of policy objectives , encompassing competition , consumer protection , privacy and media pluralism . This paper analyses this emerging debate and comes to a number of conclusions . First , mandating net neutrality at the infrastructure layer might have some merit , but it certainly would not make the Internet neutral . Second , since most of the objectives initially associated with network neutrality can not be realistically achieved by such a rule , the case for network neutrality legislation would have to stand on different grounds . Third , the fact that the Internet is not neutral is mostly a good thing for end users , who benefit from intermediaries that provide them with a selection of the over-abundant information available on the Web . Fourth , search neutrality and platform neutrality are fundamentally flawed principles that contradict the economics of the Internet . Fifth , neutrality is a very poor and ineffective recipe for media pluralism , and as such should not be invoked as the basis of future media policy . All these conclusions have important consequences for the debate on the future EU policy for the Digital Single Market .
Andrea Renda is Senior Fellow in the Regulatory Affairs research unit at CEPS . He is also Adjunct Professor at Luiss Guido Carli University , in Rome , and a Senior Research Fellow at the Luiss Law and Economics Lab .
February 27 , 2015 / Brooklyn news / Greenpoint EXCLUSIVE Kosciuszko Bridge replacement to include bike lane , walking path The Brooklyn Paper
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
Greenpointers are set to get a shiny new bike path and pedestrian walkway on one of the two spans replacing the decrepit Kosciuszko Bridge , The Brooklyn Paper has learned .
The two-way bike lane and walkway will not be finished for at least five years , but when it is , it will provide a view long available only to motorists driving over Newtown Creek on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway .
“ It will be facing Manhattan so you 'll have a spectacular view of Manhattan , ” state transportation department spokeswoman Diane Park said .
The state is set to demolish the span in 2017 , when it will be 77 years old , and replace it with two suspension bridges , starting with a Queens-bound one , then beginning the Brooklyn-bound road in 2018 and wrapping work in 2020 .
The bike lane has not yet been designed , nor has a contract been awarded for work on the second bridge that will hold it , so details are scant . Park did say that the path would be 20 feet wide . The bridges will also have more car lanes in both directions , the lanes will be wider , and the roadway will have less of a steep incline , Park said , as the bridge no longer needs to allow for big ships to pass beneath it . The state hopes the improvements will reduce driving delays by more than two thirds .
One Bushwick cyclist said he is looking forward to having a new way to get between the boroughs .
“ Right now , you have to take sketchy industrial roads full of giant trucks to get to Queens , ” James Callert said . “ It will be cool to not worry about getting run over any time I want to go there . ”
The neighboring Pulaski Bridge is set to get dedicated bike and pedestrian paths to alleviate the pandemonium that occurs during the warmer months on the narrow , shared path that is currently there . Construction of the paths , which are intended to replace a lane of car traffic , was supposed to have been completed by now , but work has not started . City transportation officials have declined to offer an explanation for the delay .
Updated 10:17 pm , July 9 , 2018
©2015
Goodwin admitted there was some part of him that flirted with the idea of returning to the Crows .
`` Of course it does ( cross you mind ) . The Adelaide footy club is a big part of my life , but coaching 's a completely different caper and I 'm really settled in Melbourne , '' he said .
Roos said Goodwin was Melbourne 's preferred candidate from the club 's very first meeting , eventually earning the nod after an extensive two-year process where the club talked formally and informally , to 20 potential candidates .
`` The process we went through was different to most clubs , where you get the PowerPoint presentation . I 'm not a huge fan of PowerPoint presentations , to be perfectly frank , '' Roos said .
Great to hear @ melbournefc latest appointment of Simon Goodwin . An impressive fit for the playing group , coaching team & club # godees — Michelle Cowan ( @ MishCowan ) September 18 , 2014
`` I 'd never really met Simon before and I went in to Todd Viney 's house ( the venue of the meeting ) , probably thinking he 'd be one of many ( candidates the club spoke to ) .
`` He was really open and honest about everything , about the ASADA thing ( at Essendon ) .
`` I must admit I walked out of there super impressed . Everyone was super impressed by his honesty , super impressed by his football focus . ''
Simon Goodwin and Paul Roos after Thursday 's big announcement . Picture : Getty Images
Goodwin said he had moved past his involvement in the supplements saga at the Bombers .
`` It was a long time ago and a lot of water has gone under the bridge since then , '' he said .
`` I 'm really happy to move on , be a Melbourne person and really just learn from the experience . Everyone can learn from it and there would be a lot of things people would do differently .
`` If I had my time again in hindsight , I would ( do things differently ) . But I 'm moving forward and looking to become a better person now . ''
Demons chief executive Peter Jackson said Goodwin 's appointment completed the off-field rebuild of the club .
Melbourne is likely to hear whether it will be granted special assistance at an AFL Commission meeting next Monday and Jackson said the club was holding out hope of positive news .
`` This club can be accused of causing its own problems in the past , but the reality is , over the last 18 months , we have moved forward a long way in terms of goverance , processes and decision making , '' Jackson said .
`` I think the AFL could look forward to the fact that we 're using some of these decisions that they might make responsibly .
`` We 're hopeful , but not expectant . ''
( JTA ) — Pennsylvania 's homeland security director quit in the wake of revelations that he hired an Israeli-American agency that reported peaceful protests as potential terrorist threats .
Jim Powers resigned two weeks after Gov . Ed Rendell said that he was `` deeply embarrassed '' by revelations of a $ 125,000 contract with the Philadelphia-based Institute of Terrorism Research and Response .
Rendell announced the resignation at a news conference last Friday , although for weeks he had insisted that he wanted Powers to stay .
`` Jim is a good man who made a very significant mistake in judgment , '' the governor said at the news conference .
Rendell terminated the contract with ITRR immediately upon learning of it .
The state 's Office of Homeland Security contracted the institute to track threats , then relayed its reports to many law enforcement and private groups .
Its `` alerts '' included an animal rights protest , a natural gas drilling protest , a gay and lesbian festival , and a rally to support a Rendell-backed campaign for boosted education funding .
Powers subsequently apologized to the groups . State security officials who had been privy to the bulletins described them as amateurish .
The institute , which claims to have a Jerusalem office , is run by directors who among other claims list experience in Israel 's security services . It also runs training programs in Israel .
Countless young readers are starstruck by the works of John Green . Our friend David Pogue of Yahoo can explain why :
His videos on YouTube have been viewed 1.5 billion times . His latest book has been a New York Times fiction for 123 weeks . His live appearances sell out in minutes . . . .and you 've probably never heard of him .
But your teenager probably has .
Author John Green . CBS News
His name is John Green . Thirty-six , married , father of two , and cult hero to millions of young people . He 's written four books , including his biggest bestseller , `` The Fault in Our Stars . '' The movie version is about to open .
Green showed Pogue the screening room where he saw the movie with his wife , Sarah . `` It was just the two of us alone in the theater and it was so romantic . ''
`` And what was your reaction ? Is it the same as a normal movie-goer 's ? '' asked Pogue .
`` No , no , 'cause I started crying during the opening credits ! '' he laughed .
Green 's own story began in Orlando , Florida . He said as a kid he was `` kind of rule-breaker , kind of trouble . I feel bad , I want to have been ... But it 's it 's nice for me to draw on a lot , actually , because I was a troubled kid .
`` I was anxious and depressive and I felt very socially isolated at times , but I was still intellectually curious . ''
Then came Kenyon College , a brief enrollment at divinity school , and a job at a children 's hospital in Chicago , as student chaplain .
`` When I was at the hospital , I met all of these young people who , yes , they were sick , but they were also many other things . They were funny and angry and sad , and they had all of the emotions that any other human has , all the desire , all the wishes . And that was what really resonated with me . ''
Green spent years trying to turn his hospital experience into a book . In the meantime , he published three other novels .
Then , in 2008 , he met Esther Earl , a fellow YouTube videomaker who had thyroid cancer -- met her , befriended her , and was changed by her .
She died in 2010 .
`` It 's not fair that Esther died , '' said Green . `` I am angry that she was sick . I am angry that she suffered as long as she did , but her life had meaning . And understanding that was very important to me finally being able to write this story . ''
That story is `` The Fault in Our Stars . '' It 's a funny and unsentimental book about two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group and fall in love . The book became a sensation , as Pogue 's panel of hard-core Green fans made clear .
Pogue asked , `` So , if you 're trying to explain to an adult about 'The Fault in Our Stars ' and why you love it , is n't the reaction going to be , 'But dude , it 's a cancer book - I ' not going to read that ' ? ''
`` It 's not about cancer '' was their reply .
`` It 's part of the book , but it 's not what it 's about , '' said one fan . `` It 's really just this love story between two normal teenagers that just so happen to have a really terrible disease . ''
Green has sold over 7 million copies of the book . But millions of fans know him not just as John Green , author ; they also know him as John Green , YouTube hero .
In 2007 , he and his brother , Hank , began exchanging public video messages as a way of keeping in touch -- and they 've never stopped .
Fans of John and Hank have become a tightly-knit community , with their own inside jokes . For starters , they call themselves Nerdfighters . Seamus , on our panel , showed off his Nerdfighter tattoo .
And then there 's the acronym , DFTBA : `` Do n't Forget To Be Awesome . ''
And yes , there 's a Nerdfighter hand sign .
You can be replaced :
McDonald 's recently went on a hiring binge in the U.S. , adding 62,000 employees to its roster . The hiring picture does n't look quite so rosy for Europe , where the fast food chain is drafting 7,000 touch-screen kiosks to handle cashiering duties . The move is designed to boost efficiency and make ordering more convenient for customers . In an interview with the Financial Times , McDonald 's Europe President Steve Easterbrook notes that the new system will also open up a goldmine of data .
Automation becomes more and more of an option as our technology advances continue to expand exponentially . And automation usually is used to replace low-end , low-skilled workers – like those in fast food restaurants . That 's an unfortunate truth . Automation becomes a viable option when the job it would replace becomes too expensive to the employer when using traditional means . That is , a worker . If the worker can be replaced at a reasonable cost with a machine or system that is reliable and in the end makes that operation more efficient and profitable , chances are the employer will take that option .
$ 15 an hour certainly pushes any number of fast food jobs into that range . The McDonald 's kiosks are simply a fast food version of ATMs . The list of what they do n't require is quite extensive . They do n't require scheduling , benefits , sick days , or even pay . They 're efficient , consistent , and while they might break down occasionally , they 'll never demand a vacation or time off . Oh , and no ObamaCare costs .
~McQ
If there 's one thing we know to be true in 2017 , it 's that every breath President Trump takes , every move he makes , Pete Souza will be watching him .
On Wednesday morning America awoke to yet another glorious Trump meme circulating , courtesy of his visit with Pope Francis , who was photographed looking less than thrilled about the president 's visit to Italy .
Upon seeing the Pope look sad to be standing in the midst of this man who called him `` disgraceful '' back in 2016 , the internet went wild . Naturally , Souza took this opportunity to highlight Obama 's solid relationship with the Pope .
For reference , here is some evidence of the Pope looking straight up pissed in Trump 's presence today . We ca n't make this stuff up .
In presence of pool reporters @ POTUS said to @ Pontifex it 's `` a very great honor . '' The pope did not say anything . He did not smile . pic.twitter.com/Li0uhlE7w9 — Steve Herman ( @ W7VOA ) May 24 , 2017
Nice shot of a cheerful Pope Francis giving Trump the tour . 'Chairs , floor , walls ... We 're done , get out . ' pic.twitter.com/94Rv9U8h9t — Damien Owens ( @ OwensDamien ) May 24 , 2017
pope francis sweetie im so sorry pic.twitter.com/al5n8uk7gU — shine ( @ Iubesirhc ) May 24 , 2017
Souza must have immediately noticed that Trump 's interaction with the Pope looked just a hair more somber than former president Obama 's did just last year , so he raced to Instagram to remind us all .
Captioned `` Mutual admiration , 2016 , '' the photograph showed Obama and the Pope mid-handshake with their heads bowed towards each other , and massive smiles upon their faces .
Mutual admiration , 2016 . A post shared by Pete Souza ( @ petesouza ) on May 24 , 2017 at 6:55am PDT
Now sure , it appears as though Francis was not 100 % sullen the entire visit and in fact , did crack a smile at one point .
Sullen Pope or Smiling Pope , The Twitter Game™
Pick a photo and drive your own narrative . pic.twitter.com/Ca1LpocERB — Micah Grimes ( @ MicahGrimes ) May 24 , 2017
We 'll give Trump that , but does Souza care about one contradictory photo ? No . We 've reached a point in time where Souza trolling knows no bounds . He ca n't stop trolling and he wo n't stop trolling .
Despite the Pope 's sad , grumpy face , Trump tweeted after his visit to the Vatican to let the world know he was honored by the meeting and determined to pursue `` PEACE . ''
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis . I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world . pic.twitter.com/JzJDy7pllI — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 24 , 2017
Good luck , Trump . But we have a feeling Souza 's Instagram is n't going to let you have any .
The former White House photographer also recently secured a book deal with Little , Brown and Company . Souza 's Obama : An Intimate Portrait , is set to be published in Nov. 2017 and will reportedly include over 300 Obama pictures , sure to delight Trump .
Yesterday at Little , Brown in NYC , looking at the first test proofs of my book along with designer Yolanda Cuomo and representatives from the printer . @ yo.and.co @ littlebrown Photo by @ bonniebriant A post shared by Pete Souza ( @ petesouza ) on May 20 , 2017 at 9:02am PDT
As his publishing date draws near it seems like a pretty good time for Souza to troll as much as possible . After all , got ta keep the fans happy !
Happy new year , git migration and 2017 championship results
First I wish you all and your families a happy new year .
As you might be heard of , Sourceforge canceled the support for CVS repositories , so I migrated to git . The migration was pretty painless , the only ugly thing is that we used the $ id $ keyword replacement , which is for good reason not supported by git .
The TORCS Endurance World Championship 2017 is done , the winner is like last year the USRobotics Team owned by Andrew Sumner . Its his third championship win in a row , which is outstanding . Congratulations . Congratulations to the other competitors too , it is a decent amount of effort required to take part .
Andrew published very cool race reviews , do n't miss these :
We are looking for additional competitors , if you would like to take part do n't hesitate to contact us , e.g . on the championship forum . You can start from the entries of the past season , you can download them from the 2017 championship page ( bottom of the page ) . Hope to see you next season on the track , good luck on your way to the Hall of Fame .
Enjoy , Bernhard .
Chronic pain afflicts over 100 million people across the United States . It diminishes their productivity and their quality of life and costs hundreds of billions of dollars each year to medically manage . It shatters people 's emotional wellbeing , tears apart families and claims lives through suicides and accidental drug overdoses .
But now researchers at the University of Arizona have found promise in a novel , non-pharmacological approach to managing chronic pain -- treating it with green light-emitting diodes ( LED ) .
Results of the study appear in the February 2017 issue of the journal Pain .
In the study , rats with neuropathic pain that were bathed in green LED showed more tolerance for thermal and tactile stimulus than rats that were not bathed in green LED .
In both cases , and of note , no side effects from the therapy were observed , nor was motor or visual performance impaired . The beneficial effects lasted for four days after the rats ' last exposure to the green LED . In addition , no tolerance to the therapy was noted .
`` Chronic pain is a serious issue afflicting millions of people of all ages , '' says Mohab Ibrahim , UA assistant professor of Anesthesiology and Pharmacology and lead author of the study . `` Pain physicians are trained to manage chronic pain in several ways including medication and interventional procedures in a multimodal approach . Opioids , while having many benefits for managing pain , come with serious side effects . We need safer , effective and affordable approaches , used in conjunction with our current tools , to manage chronic pain . While the results of the green LED are still preliminary , it holds significant promise to manage some types of chronic pain . ''
To receive the green LED exposure , one group of rats were placed in clear plastic containers that were affixed with green LED strips , allowing them to be bathed in green light . Another group of rats was exposed to room light and fitted with contact lenses that allowed the green spectrum wavelength to pass through . Both groups benefitted from the green LED exposure . However , another group of rats was fitted with opaque contact lenses , which blocked the green light from entering their visual system . These rats did not benefit from the green LED exposure .
`` While the pain-relieving qualities of green LED are clear , exactly how it works remains a puzzle , '' says Rajesh Khanna , UA associate professor of Pharmacology and senior author of the study . `` Early studies show that green light is increasing the levels of circulating endogenous opioids , which may explain the pain-relieving effects . Whether this will be observed in humans is not yet known and needs further work . ''
Todd Vanderah , professor and chair of Pharmacology and co-author of the study stated that novel non-pharmacological methods are desperately needed to help the millions of individuals suffering from chronic pain . The initial results hint of green LED altering the levels of endogenous substances that may inhibit pain and possibly decrease inflammation of the nervous system is a great breakthrough , he says . Such therapy is inexpensive and can easily be used worldwide .
Other researchers involved in the study include Kerry Gilbraith , Amol Patwardhan , Aubin Moutal , Xiaofang Yang , Lindsey Chew , Tally Largent-Mines , T. Philip Malan and Frank Porreca .
The researchers are now conducting a clinical trial using green LED therapy in people with fibromyalgia , a common source of chronic pain .
The hope is that green LED light therapy will alleviate the participants ' pain when used alone or in combination with other treatments including physical therapy or low-dose analgesics .
# # #
Me at age 20 .
“ Nice to meet you , Rebecca . '' My new therapist and I shook hands as I took a deep breath and hoped this doctor would be different from the last one . “ I see from your file that you have panic disorder ? ”
I nodded , expecting some questions about my particular symptoms , or maybe an assessment of the medications I was on .
“ What I 'm concerned about is your BMI . ”
“ My what ? ”
She repeated herself , then gave me a lengthy explanation of body mass index , assuming the stunned look on my face meant I was one of the only people in the universe who had n't calculated her BMI and freaked out , finding the ratio of their weight to their height was n't just right .
Not wishing to get into the whole weight discussion , I politely explained that I had a GP as well as an endocrinologist . And I 'd seen a nutritionist . And I had an eating disorder too , EDNOS , and was n't that in my file ?
“ I 'm aware . But my main concern is your weight . You 're 5 ' 2 ” and have ballooned in the last year from 150 to over 200 pounds . At barely 19 years old ! ”
Of course I knew what I weighed . I obsessed about that number on a scale . I 'd starved myself the day before , and many days before that .
“ Um… I wanted to talk about my anxiety ? My doctor said she 'd refer me to someone who could help me manage my panic attacks and— ”
“ I 'm more than able to help with your anxiety . But let 's talk about your weight . ”
Fine . If she wanted to talk weight , I decided , we would talk weight .
“ I 've always been chubby , ” I started . When I was a young teenager , my family went to Disney World . I had this really cute pink skort that I wore during one day of our holiday . I loved it . But my Dad kept telling me I should have worn something less revealing because my legs were too big and the whole family would be on a regimen as soon as we got back to Toronto . I was almost 150 pounds .
But then we went to Olive Garden for dinner and had fettuccine alfredo , and as soon as I dug in , my dad started in on me about how bad it was for me . That kind of hypocrisy and obsession with diets has been shoved down my throat for years , thanks to my dad . He always hated his body . And mine . He 'd count the slices in a loaf of bread to make sure my brother and I did n't have any . And he literally measured the length of a cake once , down to the centimetre , so that I would n't eat a crumb without his permission .
So I guess you could say my problem with my weight is n't so much mine as it is other people 's . Like my dad 's and my doctors ' . And occasionally that gets to me .
`` I really want to love my body , '' I told my therapist . `` And I 'm trying . But sometimes outside influences impact my eating disorder and my anxiety . Which you 'll notice in my chart . ''
She was stunned .
Surprisingly , this ordeal with the therapist inspired me . The whole world was obsessed with how much I weighed . Even doctors . Especially doctors . They were ignoring the panic attacks I experienced , the depression I was battling , the eating disorder I had . Were n't these things just as dangerous as being overweight ? And if there were bigger problems , how much was the whole weight problem being blown out of proportion ?
I ditched that shrink and did n't look back .
In the meantime , I was busy working out whenever my physical illnesses allowed : swimming , hiking , yoga . Sometimes to the point of leaving myself bedridden for a week . I starved myself on and off , occasionally bingeing , then abstaining from food to make up for it .
Something was different though : I 'd discovered Something was different though : I 'd discovered Health at Every Size
•••
“ I really do n't feel well . ”
“ I 'm sure it 's just nerves , ” my mom said , smoothing my hair .
“ No . It 's like period cramps . But worse . ”
“ I thought you just had your period . ”
“ It 's almost over . And they 're regular now , despite the PCOS . Thank god for NuvaRing . I thought I 'd be stuck with month-long periods forever , ” I said , and then a sudden , sharp pain in my lower abdomen made me yelp and run to the bathroom .
I pulled my bloody panties down , too distracted by pain to cluck disappointedly at having ruined another cute pair of underwear . My stomach hurt . And it felt like there was something inside me , trying to escape . I did n't know what to do . I put my hand between my legs and felt something firm but squishy trying to find its way out of my body . I cried as a fist-sized , bright pink fleshy thing came out of me .
At least I dropped , like , 10 pounds in one go .
•••
“ That was a uterine cast , ” my gynecologist said .
She patiently explained the biology , but all I could hear was , “ Maybe your health issues are more important than your size . ”
As soon as I got home , I popped an ibuprofen for the pain and opened my laptop . I googled for hours : “ PCOS + not focused on weight , ” “ healthy and fat , ” etc .
My eating disorder was finally running out of steam .
•••
A year after the uterine cast debacle , my PCOS was finally under control . My periods were more regular than they 'd ever been . I 'd mastered inserting my NuvaRing without scratching myself . All of the illness 's symptoms were under control . Except weight gain .
I 'd tried everything to combat that pesky weight gain . I was on 2000 mg of Metformin daily ( pretty much the highest dose you can take ) . I stuck to mostly low-carb foods whenever possible ( though I was n't obsessive about it and refused to count calories or keep track of what I ate ; that was a recipe for an eating disorder relapse ) . I exercised whenever possible , even though my other illnesses forced me to use a cane some days , and my muscles and joints were incredibly fragile .
But I was still gaining weight . Not even maintaining . Gaining .
Some days , I did n't care . I bought my first fatkini and flaunted it proudly whenever I had the pleasure of being at a pool or beach . I wore leggings and low cut tops and little skirts and felt like the hottest girl in Toronto .
But some days , that old self hatred came creeping back in . “ You 've let yourself go , ” I 'd say to myself . “ You thought being 250 pounds at 19 was bad ? You 're 22 and practically 300 pounds . Way to fucking go . ”
I 'd starve myself on days like that . Then I 'd binge . Then I 'd get angry at myself for falling into old habits .
Then I 'd get back to my new normal : intuitive eating , self-care , and doing my best to embrace the body I had .
•••
You know how some people express their self-love and body positivity by saying things like “ I love my body because it 's strong ” or “ I love my body because of how it makes me feel ” ?
Well , my body is n't strong : I have an undiagnosed abdominal disease that makes me violently ill multiple times a week . I have myalgic encephalomyeltis , which renders me so exhausted after little to no exertion , that I feel like a zombie in a pretty dress . I have severe tissue damage in my ankle , forcing me to limp . I have fibromyalgia , which fucks with my memory and makes me feel like a human pin cushion . I have polycystic ovarian syndrome , an illness that causes my hair to fall out , my breasts to develop pus-filled abscesses , and my ovaries to hurt like hell ( even when it 's not that time of the month ) .
I 'm 24 and I need a cane to get around . I 've lost count of the number of times some stranger has said I probably would n't need a cane if I just lost weight .
Me today .
I do n't love how my body makes me feel ; I 'm in pain literally all the time , and over-the-counter pain killers do n't even take the edge off . I feel like I have my period every day of the month . I feel like crap knowing I 'd function even less without the 10 prescription pills I pop every day . Hell , I usually ca n't even orgasm .
Despite all of this , or maybe even because of it , I love my body .
My body and I have been through a lot together . Continuing to hate my body would be like Dorothy ditching the lion , the scarecrow and the tin man as soon as she got to the Emerald City .
I do n't look like a model , I ca n't walk a mile , and I weigh twice what I did four years ago . But I 've never felt so beautiful .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/vzcY
— Was that a fireball in the sky ? WRAL News began getting reports of a bright flash of light over Raleigh and other parts of North Carolina on Thursday night .
Dan Perjar , a software developer at North Carolina State University , captured the apparent fireball on his car 's dashcam at 10:17 p.m. as he drove on Interstate 440 in Raleigh . The four-second video shows a quick flash of light hurtling towards the ground .
NASA Solar System Ambassador and WRAL contributor Tony Rice viewed the video .
`` Looking at that dashcam video it looked pretty low on the horizon . That flash may have been it breaking up , '' Rice posted on Twitter .
WRAL meteorologist Nate Johnson says the American Meteor Society received more than three dozen fireball reports from North Carolina up to New Jersey and Pennsylvania on its fireball log Thursday night .
The good news for Arrowverse fans : Legends of Tomorrow ‘ s post-holiday return date has been set .
The not-so-super news ? Supergirl , which returns on Jan. 15 , will be grounded for a bit as its sister series takes over Monday 's lead-off spot . Arrowverse Crossover : 'Crisis on Earth-X ' Quotes Launch Gallery
As previously reported , the freshman superhero series Black Lightning is set to air Tuesdays at 9/8c , leading out of The Flash , starting Jan. 16 .
The CW has announced that DC 's Legends of Tomorrow will thus resume Season 3 on Monday , Feb. 12 at 8 pm , where it will finish up its season with nine straight episodes ( landing its finale on April 9 ) .
Supergirl will then swoop back into its Monday home starting April 16 , and air new episodes straight through to its own Season 3 finale , which will now air outside of May sweeps ( on June 18 ) .
Updated : Here 's a chart , because some people seem to need a chart :
Monday , Jan. 15 : Supergirl resumes Season 3
Tuesday , Jan. 16 : Black Lighting premieres , in Legends time slot
Monday , Feb. 12 : Legends resumes Season 3 , in Supergirl ‘ s time slot
Monday , April 9 : Legends Season 3 finale
Monday , April 16 : Supergirl re-resumes Season 3
Monday , June 18 : Supergirl Season 3 finale
All told , that adds up to 23 straight weeks of original Supergirl/Legends/Supergirl episodes airing in The CW 's Mondays-at-8 time slot .
Supergirl in Season 3 has been averaging 1.9 million weekly total viewers and a 0.6 demo rating ; Legends has been averaging a few less eyeballs while matching that demo number , leading out of The Flash on Tuesdays .
Want scoop on any of the above shows ? Email InsideLine @ tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt 's Inside Line .
According to newly released documents from Edward Snowden 's archives , the National Security Agency not only gave domestic law enforcement entitites access to private data , it made searching that data as easy as possible .
ICReach is a search engine built by the NSA to share a reported 850 billion records , including emails , location data and Internet chats , with other agencies , such as the FBI .
One slide describes the platform as “ Google-like search . ”
Elizabeth Goitein , co-director of the Brennan Center for Justice , told The Intercept , “ this is a trove of incredibly sensitive information . ”
That trove does not reportedly include the phone records of presumably innocent Americans collected under the assumed authority of the Patriot Act , but it does include data on Americans and many , many foreigners .
As The Intercept reports , the program is troubling to legal scholars :
Brian Owsley , a federal magistrate judge between 2005 and 2013 , said he was alarmed that traditional law enforcement agencies such as the FBI and the DEA were among those with access to the NSA 's surveillance troves . “ This is not something that I think the government should be doing , ” said Owsley , an assistant professor of law at Indiana Tech Law School . “ Perhaps if information is useful in a specific case , they can get judicial authority to provide it to another agency . But there should n't be this buddy-buddy system back-and-forth . ”
— Posted by Peter Z. Scheer
It has become all too easy to overlook any singular feat of greatness involving the three-point shot in this , the age of the long ball—of stretch-five fever and elbow-jumper embargos and the deification of Death Lineups and the proliferation of Daryl Morey proselytes . But Markus Howard did something for Marquette last season that deserves a closer look . We ought to appreciate how it happened and what it means .
Howard connected on 82 of his 150 attempts from three-point range , good for 54.7 % , the highest percentage among qualifying Division I players . ( His mark during Big East play was slightly higher : 57.3 % on 96 attempts . ) Howard 's marksmanship earned him a spot on the conference 's all-freshman team last season and its preseason second-team for 2017–18 , boosted an offense that ranked among the top 10 in the country on a per-possession basis and helped the Golden Eagles claim their first NCAA tournament berth since Steve Wojciechowski was hired as the program 's head coach in '14 .
Few outside of Milwaukee seemed to notice , which is understandable . Howard 's team failed to crack 20 wins and entered Selection Sunday on the bubble after an opening-round Big East tournament loss to Seton Hall . In the Golden Eagles ' most notable game of the season , a 74–72 upset over then-No . 1 Villanova at the Bradley Center in late January , Howard turned it over twice , missed the lone shot he attempted and fouled out in only seven minutes . That he did n't attract a lot of attention for his beyond-the-arc bombing in 2016–17 does n't mean it was n't incredible .
• SI 's Projections : Top 100 scorers | Top 100 transfers | Top 50 freshmen | NPOY
Anyone who kept track of him as a recruit could have , but probably did n't , see it coming . He arrived at Marquette last year as the No . 71 prospect in the Recruiting Services Consensus Index , a composite that incorporates data from multiple services , after a late reclassification from 2017 to 2016 . That move had been in the works for a while , and Howard smoothed his transition to the college game by spending his final prep season at Findlay Prep , a high-major talent-producing powerhouse based in Henderson , Nev. , that plays a national schedule .
By the time he suited up for his last game for the Pilots , Howard had evolved from a competitive kid trying to mimic Steve Nash who , as his older brother Desmond puts it , was “ chubby and had goggles , ” into one of the most potent scorers in the high school ranks . Desmond and Markus 's other older brother , Jordan , a senior point guard at Central Arkansas with a higher per-game scoring average than former Bear and Hall of Famer Scottie Pippen , toughened Markus through physical , hours-long battles on the hoop in the backyard of their Chandler , Ariz. , home . “ We were really trying to bully each other , ” Desmond says .
Howard laid waste to Arizona prep competition as a freshman , averaging 23 points per game and earning all-state honors at Gilbert Perry High , before committing to Arizona State in August 2014 . Less than a year later , he backed out of a verbal pledge that he described as a “ youthful ” decision . Howard was drawn to Marquette , in part , by the presence of Stan Johnson , who recruited Howard while he was an assistant with the Sun Devils before joining Wojciechowski 's staff in May 2015 . Howard committed to Marquette the following April , after a pair of visits to campus , over finalists Arizona State , Baylor and Central Arkansas .
He drew high marks from scouting services because of his scoring ability , and his pledge undoubtedly resonated as an important get for Wojciechowski , but with Markelle Fultz , Jayson Tatum , Lonzo Ball , Josh Jackson and others bathing in recruiting hype , Howard was relegated to the margins of the Year of the Freshman conversation that dominated the lead up to the the 2016–17 season . There were 13 point guards ranked higher than him in the class of 2016 247Sports Composite , and Sports Illustrated 's projection model did not peg him as one of the top 50 freshman scorers in the country .
Mark Howard down as a system oversight . He had a long track record of scorching nets from deep , including when he hit 40 % of his attempts over two seasons at Gilbert Perry , according to MaxPreps ; 15 of his 31 attempts at the 2015 FIBA Americas with the team USA U16s ; and 18 of his 37 attempts at the 2016 FIBA World Championship with the team USA U17s . He had also spent years sharpening his stroke through exacting workouts with Desmond , a 23-year-old basketball skills trainer in Arizona .
Markus gets up between 500–700 shots in these sessions , which often take place twice a day during the offseason and extend out to halfcourt . Desmond described part of one workout : He 'll have Markus make 50 threes from one corner . The first 20 do not need to be consecutive makes , but the next 20 do , as well as the 10 after that . Markus will repeat that routine from four other spots ( the other corner , the two wings , straight away ) as he moves around the arc , and then do it again as he rotates back . Markus aims for a 70 % make rate .
• Conference projections : AAC | ACC | A-10 | Big Ten | Big 12
The goal , Desmond says , is consistency and efficiency . Desmond is n't around to rebound for Markus or give him pointers in Milwaukee , but they 'll FaceTime during runs on the shooting gun . “ I 'm very maniacal with it , ” Markus says of his workouts . “ If I do n't feel right about it , I wo n't stop . ”
The three-point percentage that Howard put up last season is ridiculous on its face , but it 's even more staggering when placed into context . He 's one of only 17 players since the 1992–93 season to attempt at least 140 threes and connect at a 50 % clip or better . Howard is the only freshman in that group , and he bested 15 of the other 16 members of it with his 54.7 3FG % . If we lower the minimum attempt threshold to 100 , Howard stands out as one of only six freshmen since 1992–93 to sink at least half of his triples . One of the others was a Golden Eagle : NBA journeyman Steve Novak .
Howard topped all those frosh both with his percentage and volume . When he lets fly , the palm of Howard 's guide ( left ) hand faces the basket on the follow-through , a mechanical flaw that makes it look “ like I 'm going to give you a high five. ” As long as Howard continues hitting at this rate , it 's safe to assume defenders will keep turning him down .
Howard does n't fit the mold of a one-dimensional perimeter sniper . Although he says “ primarily , I feel I 'm a great catch-and-shoot shooter , ” Howard shines on off-the-bounce pull ups . He led all Division I players with a minimum of 35 possessions last season by scoring 1.404 points per possession on jump shots off the dribble , according to data from Synergy Sports Technology .
Howard is adept at manufacturing space when being guarded tightly , and at 5 ' 11 '' and 175 pounds with a running back-like build—his father , Chuck , played the position for Indiana in the 1980s—he can absorb contact while attacking the basket without being bumped off course . The possibility that Howard will disrupt his low dribble to quickly rise and fire keeps opponents on edge , and he cooked when Wojciechowski put him in pick-and-rolls last season . Per Synergy , Howard rated first among high-major players with at least 75 possessions handling the ball in pick-and-rolls by averaging 1.109 PPP .
Going under screens on Howard is a non-starter , and big men forced to switch onto him risk getting burned by an in-your-face trey . Watch this sequence from Marquette 's game against Seton Hall at the Big East tournament last March , in which Pirates forward Michael Nzei shuffles over to check Howard after a screen from Golden Eagles big man Matt Heldt . Howard gets Nzei dancing out by the three-point line , crosses him up , then uses a step-back dribble to open up just enough breathing room to launch over his contest .
To get a better sense of Howard 's impact in 2016–17 , consider that he is one of only four freshmen since the 2010–11 season who posted a usage percentage of at least 25 in a minimum of 20 minutes per game with an Offensive Box Plus/Minus—a statistic that weighs contributions on that end of the court—of eight or more . The three others were guards who went one-and-done before being selected in the lottery of the NBA draft . You wo n't find Howard on any credible 2018 mocks right now , chiefly because of his physical limitations .
Wojciechowski is going to play Howard more this season , and he 'll be free to let fly from deep whenever he gets a good look . Howard will have a “ bright green ” light , Wojciechowski says , but he 'll need to progress in other areas to help get Marquette back to the NCAAs . ( We project the Golden Eagles as the Big East 's seventh-best team . ) As a freshman , Howard turned the ball over on about a fifth of his possessions , slightly higher than the portion of his teammates ' baskets that he assisted while he was on the floor , and he forms half of a vulnerable defensive backcourt with 5 ' 11 '' redshirt senior Andrew Rowsey .
What could help the Golden Eagles play better D than last season , when they ranked 165th in Division I and second-to-last in the Big East during conference play , according to Kenpom.com : They spent part of the preseason holding bricks during drills . “ We ca n't afford to not have them on the court for long periods of time , ” Wojciechowski says of Howard and Rowsey , who knocked down 48.4 % of his threes against league competition ( second only to Howard 's 57.3 % ) in 2016–17 , his first season after transferring from UNC Asheville . “ Then you just have to figure out how to make defense work with being undersized . ”
Howard is aiming to hit 60 % of his long-range tries this season . It probably wo n't happen , but he can provide more value to Marquette 's offense even if his percentage declines by shooting more often and taking better care of the ball in more time on the court . With Howard , Rowsey and sophomore Sam Hauser ( 45.3 3FG % on 139 attempts in 2016–17 ) raining fire from deep , the Golden Eagles could push for a top-10 offense again . “ It 's kinda hard for us to have shooting competitions , ” Rowsey says of he and Howard . “ Because we rarely miss. ” Rowsey was joking , but that would have been a suitable explanation .
Howard 's form may well dip as a sophomore , and if its defense does n't perk up , Marquette could be left scrapping for an at-large bid and a plus-.500 Big East win-loss record again . What could happen this season , though , does n't take away from what Howard accomplished last season . It 's plain the three-point shot has seeped into the fabric of the college game , but Howard offered one of the most vivid examples yet of the amount of damage one player can inflict on the opposition while standing behind the arc .
Alexandro Garibaldi ( Photo11 : Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office )
TAMPA — Police in Tampa said one man is dead and his cousin faces a manslaughter charge after the pair allegedly tested out a bulletproof vest to see if it worked .
Officers responding Saturday night to a call of a person being shot found Joaquin Mendez , 23 , with a gunshot wound to the chest , WTSP-TV reported . In the house , they found blood and a bulletproof vest with a hole in it .
The cousin , 24-year-old Alexandro Garibaldi , initially told police he heard a gunshot , the Tampa Bay Times reported . But police said a witness told them that Mendez tried the vest on as he sat in a chair , wondering whether it worked .
Police said allegedly Garibaldi took out a gun , said , `` Let 's see , '' and shot .
Mendez was hospitalized , but later died of his injuries . Garibaldi was charged with manslaughter with a weapon and being a felon in possession of a firearm , WTSP reported .
Follow Greg Toppo on Twitter : @ gtoppo
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2cRfkha
Two years ago I left a job at Rock , Paper , Shotgun to start a board game site . But that 's not the strange part . What 's odd is that I 've never looked back . I 'm getting more out of table games these days than video games , and the biggest reason is that somewhere along the line , video games became obsessed with winning , and it 's killing them .
Forget achievements . Do you ever think about how many bruises you 've collected , as a video gamer ? Every evening you went online and got stomped by strangers . Every towering boss that kicked in your teeth . Every bad call you wincingly made , every time you had your entertainment taken away for not being good enough . You 're a failure ! How about that ?
I remember a colleague taking a 5 minute break , away from the jittery job of reviewing Battlefield 2 . “ It 's fun when you win , ” he said , exhausted . “ And boring when you lose . Have n't we moved past that yet ? ”
No , we have n't . For a medium that 's evolved from play , video games have an overwhelmingly binary view of success and failure , one so crippling that if we settle into a single player game and make no progress , or lose every multiplayer match in one night , our lives will have been worsened . And we never ask why games are like this . After all , how else could it be ?
Advertisement
For a medium that 's evolved from play , video games have an overwhelmingly binary view of success and failure .
Board games have the answer . They speak it so noisily that it 's unbelievable it has n't penetrated the Video Games Bunker , but there 's a whole world of analog games that are dedicated to ensuring people simply have fun , all the time .
Advertisement
Let me give you just three examples , and let 's start with Twilight Imperium .
Everyone reading this will know how space strategy games work . They 're interstellar knife fights where everyone is working unfathomably hard to take everything away from everyone else ; to inflict the worst possible time on everyone else .
Advertisement
Now , let 's look at Twilight Imperium . A space strategy board game with the same pattern of claiming star systems , researching technology and engaging in wars , but where units simply are n't disposable . Wars in Twilight Imperium are dread things . Which means players simply ... talk to one another . The furious struggle of video games is replaced with more sedate maneuvering and politics . Better yet , politics where players inevitably end up roleplaying their race , because the prospect of an apocalyptic computer virus negotiating with space turtles is too entertaining not to do .
The end result is a strategy game that is n't about chasing victory , and where losing is n't painful .
The end result is a strategy game that is n't about chasing victory , and where losing is n't painful . Video games often deign to give you a happy victory . Like many board games , Twilight Imperium wants to give you moments , and stories , and that does n't just give your matches a better chance of being fun . It makes all gaming more accessible .
Advertisement
Next , let 's look at Agricola . A game of being a 17th century German farmer . I know ! Calm down .
But Agricola holds a dark secret . It belongs to the clandestine sect of “ Eurogames , ” which are a field of board games that let players compete , without anything as unimaginative as letting you actually fight .
Advertisement
So , Agricola is a game where the best farm wins . You 'll want vegetables , and animals , and a family , which means you 'll be scratching together fields , fences and home improvement , and for that you 'll be scrounging peat , wood , clay and still more depressing basics . It 's like a hungover mathematics professor designed Harvest Moon .
Where it gets interesting is that you get all these things from a central board . You can dispatch any family member you like to a space that gets you a certain thing , but where you go ? Nobody else can go . And that 's your game . Everyone always gets something in Agricola . Everybody 's always winning , always building , which is satisfying . At the same time , everyone is always losing , feeding your family is always a terrifying prospect , and you all bond over this shared struggle . At the end , someone will have built the best farm , but here 's the thing about eurogames , their victory in the world of play : Nobody will care .
Which brings us to party games . If Twilight Imperium shows how the pressure of competition can be eased , and Agricola shows how it can be avoided entirely , Party Games show how ferocious competition can be kept , but players can be rendered immune to that damage . Let 's look at Bang ! .
Advertisement
Bang ! is a team-based , Wild West shootout . On your turn you can shoot a player sitting next to you , upgrade your weapon , drink whiskey for health , or deploy any one of dozens of surprises hidden in the game 's deck of cards .
Roles are dealt in secret . One player reveals himself as the sheriff . Hidden around the table are the outlaws who want to kill him , the deputies who want to keep him alive , and the renegade who 's doomed . The renegade has to be the last man standing with the sheriff , and then has to kill him , and so muddies the waters to the point that people inevitably end up killing their own teammates .
Advertisement
Bang ! is ferociously competitive , AND it features player elimination , and yet it 's incredibly easy going because it 's funny , and it heavily employs random chance , that dirty second skin that competitive video games tore off long ago . Reasons randomness is n't actually a bad thing ? Not only does it encourage unusual play states and reward the ability to adapt ( rather than plan ) , but it also removes the pressure to win , the sting of losing .
Not only does it encourage unusual play states and reward the ability to adapt ( rather than plan ) , but it also removes the pressure to win , the sting of losing .
None of which is to say that strict competition does n't have its place . But I ca n't help but feel games are more exciting every single time they peek outside of it . I remember being thrilled by every single fight in the Shenmue series , because once in a while the game would continue if you lost a fight . That fight would just become a permanent failure in Ryo Hazuki 's story . And was n't the best chapter in the Mass Effect series the suicide mission , where characters you 'd come to love could be taken away , forever ?
Advertisement
I want you to do something . I want you to buy Damian Sommer and Emily Carroll 's The Yawhg . Out just last week , it 's an excellent storytelling video game about preparing for a terrible tragedy , for anywhere from one to four players . See how its stories become that much more tender for being tinted with failure ? See how boring winning is ?
I have a feeling video games are only working with half a palette . Losing will set us free .
Advertisement
QUEENS , N.Y.—Sir , I am sorry that I missed your U.S. Open tennis match on Monday evening . I missed it because I saw the first two sets and you looked dead in the water , an expression I 'd assumed was about fish until looking it up last night and learning it had to do with boats . Anyway , down 6-1 , 6-2 to No . 6 seed Dominic Thiem and hardly moving , you looked like a dead fish .
I am sorry I gave up my seat , that I slunk away in the exodus of nonbelievers , even after you broke Thiem 's serve in the third set . I am sorry that after watching you lurch around the court for two sad sets and after the calls for medical treatment , and even as you began to refocus the laser beam of your forehand , I thought you simply could not string together three sets in a row , because sets are big fat enterprises . I am sorry that I was not there to watch you take the third , and then the fourth , and—my former seat by now totally impossible to reclaim , warmed by a new bottom—then the fifth . It was the best match of the tournament , they say . One of the best of the year . The texts still trickle in .
I will never again leave you at your direst moment just to find better seats at something else . I will never give up on your messy emotional odyssey just to watch the Swiss nerd go about another straight-sets day at the office . I will never follow the ebb and flow of your journey by the sounds emanating from Grandstand , still audible from my new seat at Arthur Ashe some 1,000 feet away . Never again will my understanding of your tennis match rely on my ability to grasp the emotional information encoded in distant roars . Or the faulty , flickering stadium wifi as I refreshed the live score . Or my intermittent over-the-shoulder view of some guy livestreaming your match from within earshot of Roger Federer .
I am sorry that I had to rewatch your win via sofa highlights .
When the Argentianian sporting body flies out throngs to populate your matches , which really must be the case given the crushing and absolute devotion of the crowd—some 100 Delpo stans for every lonely Thiem supporter—I will greet them on the airstrip with blue-and-white flags . I will prevent my eyeballs from rolling even one quarter-rotation in their sockets the next time you are given the full-throated futbol-style Olé treatment merely for holding serve while down two sets .
Advertisement
I will permit myself a few outbursts of emotion because perfect press box decorum is a thin farce , a balloon easily popped by any real piercing feeling that good sports raise up .
I am sorry that I was not there to see you drop your racket in grateful release , weep ( you are always quick to tears ) , cast out both arms in a victory V that 's now in my brain and that might one day hopefully coalesce into a false memory of having been there .
Advertisement
I will stop mourning your two-handed backhand , depleted by years of bad wrists and three surgeries , even when the tennis ball poofs up meekly into the air to be spiked by some fiercer , fresher competitor . I will learn to love the one-handed slice that has partially replaced it . I am sorry that before your unlikely resurrection last year I had already started talking about you in posthumous terms . I will stop fantasizing about what your career could have been if granted a a clean bill of health , and start appreciating what your career still is , and can be . I will stop chasing aimless hypotheticals and start appreciating the thing in front of me , which is :
• A serve that can still nullify two match points with on-demand aces , exactly as you needed it to do in the fourth set .
• A shotgun forehand that comes with a gut-thumping kthwunk , a sound that ought to make venue security whip around in concern every time it goes off ; a sound that every human being deserves to hear at least once up close in their lifetime ; a sound that always has an odd echo—the involuntary whimper of the crowd . I am sorry I missed every forehand you struck , flat and savage . I am sorry I missed this :
Advertisement
Sorry about it all , you doleful lunk . You prolific hugger . You empty threatener of racket violence . You infuriating counterexample to the notion that “ Heart ” could be relegated to the bin of vapid sports cliché . You 6-foot-6 teddy bear who must hurt all over anytime you step into competition—half-limp , half-swagger . In the quarterfinal , you 'll play the guy I watched instead of watching you . He is the same man you beat here in the 2009 final , breaking his streak of five straight , when you were just 21 years old and hinting at a kind of generational promise that your glass wrists never let you deliver . On Wednesday I 'll be there , sitting in the correct stadium .
Best regards ,
An Idiot
Every season a number of Arsenal players go out on loan to gain valuable first-team experience . This season 11 Gunners are currently away from the club .
Wojciech Szczesny AS RomaWojciech SzczesnySunday , May 8 AS Roma 3-0 ChievoWojciech Szczesny kept a clean sheet in Roma 's 3-0 win against Chievo in Serie A. Radja Nainggolan opened the scoring before Antonio Rudiger doubled the hosts ' advantage . Miralem Pjanic secured the three points with five minutes remaining .
Mathieu Debuchy BoredauxMathieu Debuchy Saturday , May 7 Bordeaux 3-0 LorientMathieu Debuchy helped Bordeaux keep a clean sheet in their 3-0 win against Lorient in Ligue 1 . Malcom opened the scoring before Cheick Diabate struck a brace to give the hosts a resounding victory .
Chuba Akpom Hull City Chuba Akpom , Isaac Hayden Saturday , May 7 Hull City 5-1 Rotherham UnitedChuba Akpom was an unused substitute in Hull 's 5-1 win against Rotherham United in the Championship . Lee Frecklington gave the visitors a surprise lead after 15 minutes , but Robert Snodgrass , Abel Hernandez , Jake Livermore and Mohamed Diame were all on target to give the Tigers a comfortable advantage at the break . Livermore struck again just before the hour mark to round off the scoring . Isaac Hayden did not play . Steve Bruce 's side now enter the play-offs for a place in the Premier League .
Emiliano Martinez WolvesEmiliano Martinez Saturday , May 7 Wolves 2-1 Sheffield WednesdayEmiliano Martinez was an unused substitute in Wolves ' 2-1 win against Sheffield Wednesday in the Championship . Michael Turner 's own goal put the hosts in front before George Saville made it two . Lewis McGugan 's late penalty pulled one back for the visitors , but it was not enough as Kenny Jackett 's side finished in 14th position .
Yaya Sanogo Charlton AthleticYaya SanogoSaturday , May 7 Charlton Athletic 0-3 BurnleyYaya Sanogo did not play in Charlton 's 3-0 defeat against Burnley in the Championship . The Addicks were relegated to League One .
Jon Toral Birmingham CityJon Toral Saturday , May 7 Cardiff City 1-1 Birmingham CityJon Toral did not play in Birmingham 's 1-1 draw with Cardiff in the Championship . The Blues finished their season in 10th place .
Ainsley Maitland-Niles Ipswich TownAinsley Maitland-Niles Saturday , May 7 Derby County 0-1 Ipswich TownAinsley Maitland-Niles did not play in Ipswich 's 1-0 win against Derby in the Championship . The Tractor Boys finished in seventh place .
Wellington Silva Bolton WanderersWellington Silva Saturday , May 7 Fulham 1-0 Bolton WanderersWellington Silva did not play in Bolton 's 1-0 defeat against Fulham in the Championship . The Trotters were relegated to League One .
Glen Kamara Southend UnitedGlen Kamara Sunday May 8 Bury 3-2 Southend UnitedGlen Kamara did not play in Southend United 's 3-2 defeat against Bury in League One . The Shrimpers finished in 15th position .
Fox News will not attend a meeting with Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE on the Justice Department 's policy of targeting the media in national security leaks investigations if the session is off the record , the network said Thursday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fox pointed to a message on Twitter by Fox anchor Bret Baier in confirming the decision .
`` Decision : Fox News ' Executive Vice President Michael Clemente has said that Fox News will NOT attend the DOJ meeting if it is OFF the record , '' Baier wrote in the message .
A person familiar with the company 's internal debate told The Hill on Wednesday that they would be attending , but a story that ran on Fox early Thursday said they were undecided .
More from The Hill :
♦ Holder on the ropes
♦ GOP chairmen want IG probe of Sebelius calls on ObamaCare
♦ HillTube video : A tough few months to implement ObamaCare
Fox is just the latest media organization to say it will boycott the meeting if it is off the record . Holder asked for the meetings in an attempt to ensure the press corps that its investigations of national security leaks are conducted in a way that respects the First Amendment .
The New York Times , The Associated Press , The Huffington Post and CNN have issued separate statements saying they will not attend because the DOJ is requiring the content of the meetings stay confidential .
Fox is at the center of the controversy surrounding the Justice Department 's investigation of national security leaks .
The DOJ seized the personal emails of Fox News chief Washington correspondent James Rosen and used other surveillance methods to investigate whether he was complicit in a leak of classified information .
It also examined his phone records and tracked his visits to the State Department using security-badge data during the 2009 probe ; the DOJ also filed legal papers saying he may have acted as “ an aider , abettor and/or co-conspirator ” by getting materials from a government official also under investigation .
More from The Hill :
♦ Dem wants to move Memorial Day , eliminate three-day weekend
♦ Obama says he has no 'patience ' for climate skeptics
♦ Senate vote on nuclear option would be close
♦ HillTube video : Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE prepares for nuclear option
The House Judiciary Committee is now investigating whether Holder lied under oath during his May 15 testimony before the panel , in which he said he 's never been involved with or heard about a reporter being prosecuted for the disclosure of confidential material .
Fox News host Greta Van Susteren joked on her blog Thursday that if Fox was going to be the only media outlet attending the off-the-record meeting , they should send Rosen to meet with Holder .
“ I have no idea if Fox has declined the behind closed doors meeting or not , ” she wrote . “ But can you imagine how funny if only Fox News showed up ? Would the Attorney General meet alone with Fox News Channel ? I bet he would not … but it would be a great photo op ( for Fox , that is ! ) and I think FNC 's James Rosen should represent Fox at the meeting . ”
This story was posted at 10:28 a.m. and updated at 12:00 p.m .
Following on from the events of this weekend , there will be a memorial service held this evening for the victims and those injured in the Copenhagen shootings .
The memorial will take place at Gunnar Nu Hansens Plads , a square accessible from Østerbrogade and just around the corner from the scene of the first shootings , from 8pm onwards .
PM to attend
The service program will include a number of guest speakers , including the prime minister , Helle Thorning-Schmidt , and the French ambassador , François Zimeray , who survived the first attack .
There will also be a number of musical performances throughout the evening .
The memorial is being organised on behalf of all the political parties represented at Copenhagen Municipality , who are standing together across political boundaries to protect freedom of expression , democracy and free speech .
McInflammation : Are You Really “ Loving It ” ?
Recently a friend reported over dinner that his inflammatory problem ( and let 's just say almost all medical problems are caused by inflammation ) was not much better .
He said he was diligently taking everything I had recommended , and had only noted minor improvement .
Although natural remedies take time , I was curious how the dietary recommendations were going….you know , the most important part of his prescription ? To no surprise , he was struggling to make the necessary changes .
As I climbed in to his car to head to our next destination I noted the eight bags of fast food littering his car floor .
“ Well here is the source of McInflammation in your diet right here ! ” I pointed and shouted , excited to realize that his diet was actually quite simple to improve . Anyone managing to sustain life off a fast food diet clearly has a VERY strong vital force .
“ No amount of fish oil and supplements can combat this , ” I further explained , “ the best thing you can do for your health is to get ALL fast food out of your diet ! I think all your health problems will just resolve from this type of simple change , as we lower the total inflammatory load in your body . ”
Frankly , all fast food does is create inflammation . Fast food is the fried , fatty , processed , chemical , additive , preserved , promised land of sickness and disease in America ! You know why ? Because it just creates inflammation and makes us fat .
Let 's review my favorite fast food sources of inflammation :
Aside from McInflammation , we have Inflammation King and Inflammation Queen , there is the drunken late night visit to Inflammation Bell , but if you are too lazy to make a run to the border for your inflammation you can conveniently receive Inflammation in a Box . When in a hurry you can always conveniently get Inflammation Time . If you are in to world travel you could visit Kentucky Fried Inflammation , Inflammation Hut or you could simply head to California for some simple In and Out Inflammation that seems to be quite popular down there .
Maybe you are laughing , maybe you think I am ridiculous , or maybe you know that I am right , but regardless , I just have to say that DIET is the foundation to your health and well being .
That is why we are “ Kitchen Table Medicine ” here . Not “ Pill Popping Medicine ” or “ Drive Through Medicine ” , “ Band-Aid Medicine ” or even “ Lazy Boy Medicine ” . Although I am always excited to jump on a glitchy new marketing concept , I have to preach that which I know is correct in my heart . I am not here to sell anything other than fruits and vegetables , whole foods eating , exercise , and stress management .
Although naturopathic medicine does not conveniently come in a box with a toy in it , over time if you can just stick with me , I will teach you the path to optimal wellness . All I am asking in exchange for my time and knowledge is that you simply just TRY to be better . That is what this website is all about . The whole reason I am doing this is for the people that lack will power and need to make changes in “ baby steps ” . Only about 10 % of people that I work with can make all the necessary diet and lifestyle changes at once . Everyone else needs a great deal of coaching . I understand not everyone can afford me , but a blog gives everyone free access to my “ celebrity medicine ” ideas .
So are you “ baby steppin ” yet ?
Good health is not about taking your hand full of pills in the drive-through of “ Inflammation King ” while asking that your inflammation comes “ super-sized ” .
That is not real health . Sure taking herbs , medicines , or supplements are better than nothing , but ultimately my pet peeve as a Naturopath is when people ask me “ Doc , what can I TAKE for ___________problem ? ” I do n't want you to TAKE something to improve your health , chances are I want you to TAKE SOMETHING AWAY .
In America we are programmed to think that health is about taking medicines . Health is not about taking medicines , most medicines are not solving the root cause of the problem .
Drugs do not heal people . The Vis Medicatrix Naturae heals people… . “ The healing power of nature ” inside each and every one of us is what heals us . How else do we get better from the common cold ? There is no cure for the common cold , except the one within us . When we remove the “ obstacles to cure ” , “ treat the cause ” , and “ treat the whole person ” in a mind , body , and spirit model ; that is when we can truly see someone “ heal ” . That is when we actually see chronic problems resolve permanently and no longer be dependent on daily medications . The health care disaster we have going on in America is a prime example why drugs do n't work . We spend more money on health care than any other country in the world and we are only second to Finland as the unhealthiest .
The problem is not that you are prozac deficient , or St. John 's wort deficient , or deficient in some sort of HMG coA reductase inhibitor needed to lower your cholesterol . That is not the problem . The problem is that we need to shift our paradigms to look at diet and lifestyle as our main medicines , and that while we are working to make those changes we may need something in the meantime . A crutch , a stepping stone , but however you want to see it , medicines are simply tools to help us build our foundations of health , they should never be the foundation . Hammers and nails are used to build the structure . The structure is not comprised of them .
With that being said…can you give up eating fast food ? Or are you just really still “ loving it ” ?
~Dr . Nicole Sundene
MESA , Ariz. - Manager Bob Melvin returned to the Bay Area on Friday morning to attend to a personal matter and bench coach Mark Kotsay will handle managerial duties in his absence .
“ Bob is meticulous in preparation , so everything is status quo , ” Kotsay said . “ We have our work day planned , the lineup was already set . I 'm just filling in until he gets back . ”
When it comes to in-game moves , do n't expect Kotsay to buck any trends . “ In-game management , Bob has mentored me for a year and I know how he does things , ” Kotsay said . “ I do n't think there will be any drastic changes . It 's spring training , so everything is pretty basic . ”
Kotsay , the former Oakland outfielder , managed one A 's split-squad game last spring , coming out with a win . The 41-year-old , who is in his second season as Melvin 's right-hand man , retired in 2014 after a 17-year big-league career . He spent two seasons on the Padres ' coaching staff , serving as hitting coach in 2016 before being hired by the A 's .
The 's play the Royals in Surprise , Ariz. , on Friday night and they have home day games against the Rangers and Cubs over the weekend .
Susan Slusser is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : sslusser @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ susanslusser
Whither the Never Trumper ?
It 's been a difficult few months for the small but outspoken group of prominent Republican consultants , operatives and media figures who opposed Donald Trump 's presidential campaign . Since Trump 's inauguration , these party renegades have had to come to terms with the political ascension of a man hellbent on sabotaging a party and an agenda they 've worked decades to promote .
Put simply : The Never Trumpers have been better . If you 're envisioning a bunch of people in business attire swaddling themselves in bed all day , you would n't be far off .
“ I 'm emotionally unwell , ” quipped Jeb Bush 's former communications director , Tim Miller , “ but I 'm doing my best . ”
“ I guess there 've been some points that have n't been as brutal as others , ” said Meghan Milloy , a co-director of Republican Women for Hillary . “ It kind of fluctuates day to day based on the news cycle . ”
A lot of people and things are n't faring well during the Trump presidency ― immigrants , women , Muslims , refugees , the LGBTQ community , European Union officials , workers , people with pre-existing conditions , Syrian civilians , arctic ice sheets , Sean Spicer , diplomatic protocol officers , endangered species , journalists and Seth Rich 's family , to name a few . In such an environment , one is n't inclined to feel much sympathy for a group of GOPers estranged from their party establishment . Far worse fates can befall a person than not landing a West Wing office or being unable to nab GlaxoSmithKline as a lobbying client because that person is n't tight with Jared Kushner .
But let 's spare a moment for the Never Trump Republican , if only because it 's a significant development when so many of the biggest detractors in the ruling party are disillusioned and in disagreement over whether there is anything to be done about their predicament .
The Never Trumpers interviewed for this piece were uniformly appalled by the fire hose-like stream of White House scandals inundating the news . But they 're more despairing over the president 's abandonment of key conservative principles , along with a sense that he has blown the opportunity to advance the principles he does support .
“ It 's frustrating for me as a conservative , ” said former Ted Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler . “ We were told if we won the House and got our speaker in there that all of these wonderful things would happen and that was n't true . ”
Those “ wonderful things ” include efforts to overhaul the tax code , repeal Obamacare and gut Wall Street regulations ― ambitions that the Trump administration 's myriad organizational shortcomings and the investigations into Russian connections have largely sidelined .
MANDEL NGAN via Getty Images President Donald Trump and Republican House leaders in the Rose Garden following the House of Representative vote on the health care bill on May 4 , 2017 . Republican critics of the president worry congressional leaders are n't standing up enough to the president .
As if Trump 's own goals were n't agonizing enough , Never Trumpers fret over the president 's ongoing rhetoric targeting longheld conservative principles . Rick Wilson , a veteran GOP consultant and pundit , took particular umbrage with the president 's proposed budget .
“ You ca n't pretend that proposing a giant , budget-busting , fantasy math budget like they proposed is fiscal conservatism , ” Wilson said , adding that he was n't surprised that the president abandoned “ most [ fiscal ] conservative principles and engaged in a narcissistic daily temper tantrum . ”
“ We 've got a president who 's telling companies what they can and ca n't do , where they can and ca n't move , where their workers can and ca n't go . [ Conservatives ] complain about the size of government all the time . To administer Trumpism , you 're going to have to wildly expand the role of government in the private sector , ” he said .
The president 's embrace of Russia and confrontational attitude toward NATO has n't exactly earned himself plaudits from this crowd , either .
“ In foreign policy , he 's moving in exactly the opposite direction as Ronald Reagan did , ” said Liz Mair , a Republican communications consultant who has previously worked with would-be Republican presidential candidates Scott Walker , Carly Fiorina and Rick Perry .
Things could 've been different , of course . Many of these Never Trumpers were once well-positioned for White House jobs , having worked for lawmakers who went on to run in 2016 , or taking part in 2016 Republican primary campaigns directly . That a bunch of people they see as utterly incompetent are now occupying these dream gigs only compounds the hurt .
“ The problem with this team on all levels is they have n't done the work of putting out a communications plan to inform the country of what it is they 're trying to do , ” said Tyler . “ They do n't have plan . It 's just a continuous campaign . ”
“ I ca n't imagine if I were somebody who was supposed to be working on something important like policy or presenting the president 's image , ” echoed Mair . “ Working in communications , a lot of complaints I hear are , ‘ Oh my God , their communications operations ! ' and I 'm like , ‘ What the fuck did you people expect ? ' ”
Working in communications , a lot of complaints I hear are , 'Oh my God , their communications operations ! ' and I 'm like , 'What the fuck did you people expect ? ' Liz Mair , Republican communications consultant
Some members of the Never Trump movement are trying to combat the trends that led to this despair . After the November election , Meghan Milloy and her Republican Women for Hillary co-founder Jennifer Pierotti Lim rechristened the organization Republican Women for Progress . The group , according to its co-founders , seeks to restore the socially progressive , economically conservative brand of Republican once personified by Nelson Rockefeller by recruiting , training and promoting female Republican candidates .
“ One big problem is that there are n't many women in leadership , ” said Milloy , “ and I think that 's due in large part to the fact that the GOP does n't have the support organizations and actions in place like EMILY 's List that specifically cater to women . ”
Pierotti Lim said female lawmakers in Congress have proven more willing to “ chart their own course ” and not walk in lockstep with the president , citing Senator Susan Collins ( R-Maine ) , among others . Republican Women for Progress aims to cultivate that approach .
“ I think a few Republican women have been able to walk the line of not being 100 percent supportive of the Trump administration , ” Pierotti Lim said .
But Milloy and Pierotti Lim 's relative optimism is in short supply . Few Never Trumpers believe there is much hope for a near-term correction of the political and demographic trends that contributed to Trump 's rapid takeover of the GOP .
“ From an ideological standpoint , the center of gravity is moving toward the populist right , ” said Miller . “ I do n't see us swinging back . ”
A number of Never Trumpers told HuffPost that Trump 's election prompted a sobering realization : that the largely academic brand of conservatism they support ― actively small-government and interventionist ― does n't sync with the beliefs and outlooks of many Republican voters .
“ American conservatism has become anti-liberalism , ” said veteran conservative commentator Charlie Sykes . “ It is united by hating the media and hating the left ― as opposed to supporting small government . ”
White House officials dismissed the criticism as textbook wound-licking from people whose side lost .
“ The President is holding his promises to the American people by growing the economy , creating jobs , protecting our boarders [ sic ] and ensuring that every American is safe and prospering , ” a White House spokesman said in a curiously spelled statement provided to HuffPost .
Republican officials in Congress also expressed frustration with the criticism , citing a need to deal with the inescapable reality of Trump 's presidency and his support among an overwhelming majority of Republicans .
“ We certainly appreciate their advice on Twitter , ” quipped one senior GOP aide .
It 's suicidal , it 's self-destructive , it 's a time bomb waiting to go off that will ruin their careers and political legacies Rick Wilson , GOP consultant and pundit
Never Trumpers are n't unsympathetic to the political bind in which Trump has placed his congressional colleagues .
“ I think they 're in a tough spot , ” said Miller , who cited polling showing Republican support for the president in the high 80s . “ The base of the Republican Party and the people that these Congress folk respond to ― the small-dollar donors , the people who knock on doors , the people who are engaged in the political process ― they overwhelmingly want them to support Trump and his agenda . ”
However many more Never Trumpers were exasperated by the relative absence of elected Republicans standing up to Trump .
“ I have maintained my entire political career that the Republican Party is one of the most gutless collections of individuals on the planet , ” said Mair . “ They are some of the most spineless individuals on the planet . ”
Others warned that the party will suffer political consequences for inaction .
“ I remain absolutely convinced that [ Trump ] remains unfit for office , but that does not mean that I think anyone will take steps to do anything , ” said Sykes , adding that anyone who assumes otherwise “ fundamentally misunderstands the nature of the current Republican Party . ”
“ This is a party that rolled over and nominated Donald Trump despite all their doubts , ” he continued . “ With every passing day it becomes the defining characteristic of this party that they wo n't stand up to Donald Trump and that many of them on a daily basis find ways to pretzel themselves into rationalizing his conduct . ”
Rick Wilson was no less blunt in his assessment .
“ It 's suicidal , it 's self-destructive , it 's a time bomb waiting to go off that will ruin their careers and political legacies , ” he predicted . “ Every one of them who comes out and talks about how they 're small-budget conservatives and want to balance budgets should be struck by lightning . ”
But , hey , it 's not all bad ― or at least as bad as they thought . Most praised a number of Trump 's Cabinet picks , in particular Secretary of Defense James Mattis and United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley .
“ There are a few areas where he 's proving to be not 100 percent horrible , ” said Mair . “ Everybody 's got to find some bright spots in their day . ”
Wilson was more Zen about the situation .
His bombast allows no room for nuance or complexity . He proudly extols his intolerance as an assault against “ political correctness , ” and he vows to bring the world to heel , from Mexico to China to Syria and Iraq .
Mr. Trump has found an audience with Americans disgruntled by the rapid , disorderly change they associate with national decline and their own uncertain prospects . Policies be damned , who better to set things right than the defiant strong man who promises by sheer force of will to make America great again ?
Yes , we can ? Hell , no !
Just leave it to me , Mr. Trump says . Yes , I can !
The robust condemnations Mr. Trump has received from media and political elites have only intensified the enthusiasm of his supporters , many of whom feel disdained and forgotten by the very same people who regularly mock and chide their man for his boorishness . To his base , he 's a truth-teller , thumbing his nose at conventional politicians , whether they are liberal or conservative . Rebukes from fact checkers and purveyors of civil discourse ? They 're just so much establishment claptrap .
Relentlessly edgy , confrontational and contemptuous of the niceties of governance and policy making , Mr. Trump is the perfect counterpoint to a president whose preternatural cool and deliberate nature drive his critics mad .
Mr. Trump may still stumble . His consistent lead in national primary polls may not hold as the Republican field shrinks and potentially coalesces around an alternative . As he himself suggested a few months ago , people may tire of the show . We also do n't know how the ebullient front-runner , who never fails to boast of his gaudy poll numbers , will react when and if he loses primary contests .
Unlike in 2008 , when Mr. Obama 's appeal reached a majority of independents and even some Republicans , polling suggests that if he were nominated , Mr. Trump would face a steep uphill battle in a general election . As of today , he has the lowest standing , by far , of any major Republican candidate among Democrats and independent voters . His nativist rants have walled him off from the growing Hispanic vote , which could hold the key to several important swing states this fall .
It 's far too early to picture the iconic Trump logo affixed to the White House portico . But as the most ardent and conspicuous counterpoint to the man in the White House today , the irrepressible Mr. Trump already has defied all expectations . So , in the parlance of one of his signature businesses , “ Who wants to bet ? ”
It has now been a bit over two years since our Kickstarter , and while progress has not always been as fast or as smooth as I would have liked it , it has been going steadily in the right direction . But , it is time to confess a little secret about some of the rougher patches , and how they came about due , primarily , to the mistakes we made all the way back in the Kickstarter itself .
When we originally designed the Kickstarter , we made the decision to keep it as lean as possible , with the fewest distractions to get in the way . So , our pledge tiers fed into each other , by design . And , as part of that , the decision was made to not have any add-ons for the Kickstarter itself , but to develop ideas for post-Kickstarter pledging using what would have been the add-ons . And that seemed to be generally seen as a good idea .
Then , the Kickstarter itself began , and our projections were all thrown out the window . We were getting a lot of pressure to include add-ons , and I mean a lot of pressure . Other Kickstarters had included them , why had ours not , many people wondered . The leadership made the fateful decision to pull the trigger , and rather than leave them to later , include them in the Kickstarter itself .
And that , in hindsight , was a mistake .
What we have found out is that handling the add-ons has been a huge workload on our artists , far more than we expected . By no longer having them handled after the Kickstarter , piecemeal as we could fit them into the production schedule , we now have all of them at once to handle . We had to collect the information for buildings which were not going to be designed for over a year being collected with t-shirts and mouse pads that were coming out sooner . And we could not shelve elements which we no longer could fit into the schedule in order to keep release targets . We 'd already promised them all , up front .
However , we had some of our best managing this , so while it was stressful , it was making steady progress . And then Murphy once again demonstrated that his law was supreme . Medical issues , financial woes , employment issues , and the stress surrounding that , became their world - as it should have . Partners for delivering various physical add-ons went out of business , or shut down the product we were counting on , forcing us to find replacement vendors . Oh , it has been a blast , let me tell you .
The result is that what was already an overloaded system became a huge glut to work through , and no real solutions to lighten the work . The more overloaded a system is , the harder it is to delegate it to someone unfamiliar with the issues at hand , after all . Add to it the disruption to other scheduled work from our artists due to their leads unforeseen absence and we are incredibly grateful for the patience you all have demonstrated .
And yet , looking back at the Kickstarter , not a single person ever mentioned that the add-ons did not fully fit with the flow of the entire process . I can only chalk it up to the old stage saying to always make it seem a part of the show . Some actor flubs their lines , make it seem to be natural to the play . A musician forgets their cue , improvise cover .
There have rarely been days in which I was not ready to bawl my eyes out , scream at someone , or tear my hair out for some matter or another . From timetables slipping , personality conflicts , quality issues , and deliverables being delayed , there is never a moment that some issue or another is not rearing their head . But , when it gets too much , I take a breather , gather myself , put on the smile , and break a leg .
We often times get pressured to show off , to give people access , put together some cobbled together material and pretend that it is a fully working demonstration or vertical demo . We get compared to other game titles which gave people access incredibly early on , and asked why we do not do the same . But we remember when we did give into pressure , and the cascade of issues that happened . It gives us resolve not to release until things are good and ready .
Our aim is ultimately to entertain all of you of the grand community from whence we came . For all of its majesty , excitement , and action , every game from the biggest MMORPG 's to the tiniest indie titles , is there for entertainment . Mankind has been entertaining each other since before we began painting on the walls of our caves . And over those thousands of years , the same rules have held sway .
Always put your best foot forward .
Always face your audience .
Always have your brightest smile .
And never , ever , let them see you sweat .
______________________________________________________________
This update written by Doctor Tyche .
We 're having all kinds of fun - but do n't worry , everything 's still moving along . All add-ons are still scheduled and being built .
Discuss this update at http : //cityoftitans.com/forum/discuss-never-let-them-see-you-sweat
Talk about being separated at birth ... but never straying far .
Adele Baughn Wilson and Anadel Baughn Barbour are identical twin actresses , born 10 minutes apart , and living today in the same Los Angeles neighborhood near Dodger Stadium .
They auditioned to be the Doublemint Twins , appeared together in such shows as Cheers and China Beach , and attend games together as season ticket holders , with seats close to the Dodgers spouses . And they are the veteran stars of the YouTube podcast show , Dodger Fan Weekly ( or “ DFW ” -- not to be confused with Dallas-Fort Worth ) -- now in its third season .
They work seamlessly together , as you might imagine , have fun with regular features like `` Who 's Hot and Who 's Hottie '' and `` What Would Vinny Say , ” but train a keen eye on the often-dramatic goings-on at Chavez Ravine . The Dodgers new front office and skipper Don Mattingly are taken to task as necessary .
Themed shows are a staple , with recent episodes including `` Under-Appreciated Dodgers , '' `` NO BULLpen , '' `` The Baseball Gods '' and `` WAR – What is it Good For ? '' If that last one needs explaining , well , perhaps you 're not the targeted demographic .
DFW is produced by Adele 's husband , Tom Wilson , of Nobody Productions , who like the twins is a diehard Dodger fan , and is frustrated by more than a generation without a World Series in Los Angeles . That frustration , felt by tens of thousands in L.A. , explains in part , along with the comments which follow , his motivation in continuing with the show , rarely skipping a week during the baseball season since DFW 's April , 2013 debut :
“ More and more it seems the voices of baseball come from ‘ insiders , ' and while this can be uniquely insightful it often leaves a void in the pursuit of a more well-rounded and fair critique . Too often these ‘ insider ' voices are beholden to the entity that signs their paychecks . Usually this results in ‘ brand pumping ' and stifles impartial analysis .
“ Understandably , few people are willing to bite the hand that feeds them . We 've found that our relationship with the fans has opened the doors to a more truthful and well-rounded impartial conversation . That said , we are Dodger fans and we support the team…we just do n't do it out of fear of losing our jobs . ”
Anadel is currently finishing her PhD in Human Sexuality and works with women in sobriety . Adele works with the non-profit Streetlights , creating behind-the-camera entertainment careers for low-income minorities . Both women continue to work as commercial actresses .
Best Coast Show ( or “ BCS ” for short ) is the new kid in town , debuting in August , with seven episodes to date . The hosts are Curtis Stage and Albert Aguilera , who cover all the Los Angeles area sports teams ( with the notable exception of the Clippers ) and UFC , with the requisite emphasis on Ronda Rousey .
Stage is Vice Chair and Professor of Media Arts Multimedia and Photography at Los Angeles Mission College , works as a commercial and fine art photographer , with a specialty in shooting celebrity images for the events such as the Oscars , Emmys and Golden Globes .
Aguilera is an engineer at Fox Sports 1 , and has been working in one capacity of the TV industry or another since high school .
Stage explains the genesis of BCS :
“ Albert came to me about a year ago and said `` I work at Fox Sports and we have better conversations about sports behind the scenes of the shows - I need to start my own show .
“ Over the last few months we decided to get more serious with the idea primarily because so few shows airing come from a dedicated fans perspective and they are not loose and conversational . We want this show to feel like a ‘ regular show ' but from a diehard fan standpoint of people that actually grew up in the Los Angeles area and live and die with [ the local ] teams . Most of the local radio shows feature transplant 'journalists . '
“ The great thing is that Albert and I both have technical backgrounds , so we can produce the show on our own , and employ both current and former students to get hands-on experience in production engineering , camera and post [ production ] . ”
Best Coast Show is produced with a slick yet casual feel to it . Two guys talking sports , in a studio , with desks , headsets and microphones . Together Stage and Aguilera come across naturally on the air , as savvy sports men with personality , and a sense of fun . Smiles all around .
DFW will air weekly episodes at least end of the regular season , with postseason shows added , “ if necessary , ” as the saying goes . BCS runs year-round .
And remember , glove conquers all .
Paris — The French forces pulled a heavily adapted Sherpa vehicle out of field trials for the special forces to put the vehicle on display at the Eurosatory trade show , two French officers said .
Those trials have left their mark on the prototype vehicle , which carries scratches on the body work painted in desert sand camouflage .
Separately , the French procurement office launched in January a tender for some 300 small vehicles to replace Fardier units from Lohr . The services will use the two-seat vehicle so troops can drive out and secure the perimeter of a base . Fardier refers to an 18th-century military engineer who designed and built a steam-driven vehicle for the artillery brigade .
The Sherpa modification includes fitting equipment for intelligence missions , which limited the competition to French companies , as permitted under French law .
The vehicle has also gone through fire trials , said a spokesman for the Direction Générale de l'Armement procurement office . The vehicle is armed with one 12.5mm and three 7.62mm machine guns , and carries five commandos .
The vehicle went through a much-needed cleanup for the exhibition , as commandos had put the vehicle through mobility trials in deep mud following recent torrential rains that made national headlines .
RTD supplied the chassis , which has been heavily adapted by Essone Sécurité to meet special forces-specific requirements .
The modified Sherpa is under test for a heavy vehicle for the French special forces . Renault Trucks Defense , a subsidiary of the Volvo group , won in December the French contract for 443 vehicles , comprising 202 heavy and 241 light vehicles .
After the show , the Sherpa will go back on the trials , intended to lead to delivery of a first batch of 25 units by the end of the year . An empty vehicle weighs 8.4 tons , rising to 11 tons once loaded with equipment .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
The light vehicle will weigh three tons , rising to 3.8 tons when carrying kit .
If you dig through the IMDb pages of just about any A-list actor , you 're liable to find some amusing skeletons in the closet . It 's easy to forget that no matter how big a star an actor or actress has become , they almost certainly did n't break into the industry that way . A select few may have been lucky enough to achieve stardom right out of the gate , but plenty of other household names started ( or ended ) their careers paying the bills with goofy B-movies they would probably prefer to keep hidden from their fans—and possibly from their friends and family .
Here are 15 of our favorite appearances from A-listers in decidedly B-movies .
15 . Clint Eastwood — Revenge of the Creature , 1955
The “ Man With No Name ” went fully uncredited in this , his first screen appearance and a sequel to Universal 's classic Creature from the Black Lagoon . It 's just a bit part as a seemingly absent-minded scientist , but it was preserved for all time when Revenge of the Creature was mocked on an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 , where Crow predicts “ This guy 's bad ; this is his first and last movie. ” With a role like this , I ca n't help but wonder if an aged Eastwood would even remember it today . It makes me desperately wish some interviewer or biographer would ask “ Hey , remember Revenge of the Creature ? Why did you have a mouse in your pocket , exactly ? ”
14 . Leonardo DiCaprio — Critters 3 , 1991
Leo earned himself critical acclaim as a child actor in 1993 when he starred in What 's Eating Gilbert Grape ? , but just two years earlier he made his film debut in a less auspicious vehicle , Critters 3 . Here , in the series made famous to low-budget 1980 's horror fans with its “ furry little ball of teeth ” alien monsters , DiCaprio plays a kid named Josh , the son of an abusive and corrupt landlord father . Enjoy this heartwarming scene where dad derides Leo , calls him a crybaby , and is summarily devoured alive by Critters .
13 . Jeff Goldblum — Death Wish , 1974
You could certainly do worse than Death Wish for a first film , at least in terms of cultural impact , and Goldblum can even say that he played a brief but pivotal part—his first screen role is as the apparent leader of the three thugs who assault and rape Charles Bronson 's wife , first starting him down the road to murderous vigilantism . Moreover , this is a great appearance based on Jeff 's outfit alone—he 's outfitted with one of those felty , crown cap hats and looks like Jughead Jones gone bad .
12 . Halle Berry — Dark Tide , 2012
Starring in some terrible , schlocky movies at the beginning of your career , that 's to be expected . Starring in a freaking SHARK MOVIE after winning the Academy Award for Best Actress ? That 's just sad . And yet , that 's where Halle Berry found herself in 2012 , playing a character who called herself the “ shark whisperer ” and setting course for “ shark alley. ” Word on the street is that they have sharks there . If you 're wondering how something like that happens to an Oscar-winner , a decade-long stretch of flops and critically lambasted films probably has something to do with it . In fact , outside the “ X-Men ” series ( where she was primarily a supporting player ) , her starring roles since winning an Oscar in Monster 's Ball have generated a Rotten Tomatoes average of 27 % fresh . Dark Tide sure as hell did n't help , bringing an immaculate 0 % fresh average to the party .
11 . Tom Hanks — Mazes and Monsters , 1982
There was a time in the early 1980s when the average suburban mother was quite certain that satanic cabals were lurking around every corner , ready to corrupt young children with the beguiling influence of Dungeons & Dragons . Building awareness were films like Mazes and Monsters , a CBS made-for-TV movie starring a 26-year-old Tom Hanks in his first major role , six years before Big . He really has the meatiest part here—his character Robbie falls hardest into the fantasy world of the game , suffering a complete psychotic break and imagining himself to be “ the cleric Pardieu , ” journeying the world in search of his dead brother . In the real world , this translates into stabbing homeless people to death because they look like orcs and then trying to jump off the World Trade Center into a pocket dimension . Really some of Tom 's finest work .
10 . Gerard Butler — Tale of the Mummy , 1998
It 's a terrible , late-'90s , British-American mummy-horror movie , and Gerard Butler is , you know … there . In the film . Acting , ostensibly , but mostly just being a Scottish guy with the most Scottish of Scottish accents you 've ever heard . Honestly , it 's like William Wallace to the third power . There 's not much else to say about this one ; Butler 's performance is as immediately forgettable as the film itself , except for that remarkable accent .
9 . Jennifer Aniston — Leprechaun , 1993
Let 's face it , there will never be a better St. Patrick 's Day horror movie than the original Leprechaun , and at least part of the satisfaction of watching it today is for the fact that it was Jennifer Aniston 's first feature film role . She plays the lead of teenage Tory Redding , a city girl transplanted into a country town chock full of shirtless boys and the occasional homicidal wee person . In all fairness , Aniston is n't bad at all in this movie—a little over-the-top , but this is Leprechaun we 're talking about , after all . In terms of rolling with the punches , her work here might be the best acting performance on the list . Her character 's a complete ditz , the classic valley girl . I love the giant heels she chooses to wear when they go check out her house in the middle of the desert—very reasonable fashion choice .
8 . Ray Liotta — In the Name of the King : A Dungeon Siege Tale , 2007
Liotta has made a handful of movies one could nominate for a list like this , but seeing as there 's a Uwe Boll collaboration in there , that makes the choice pretty easy . This ill-fated , loosely based videogame adaptation earns itself a spot in the WTF stunt-casting hall of fame by making Liotta an evil wizard named “ Gallian , ” of all things . Ray Liotta , aspiring mafioso , a freakin ' evil wizard . His medieval-era costume consists of … a leather Fonzie jacket and dress shirt from H & M ? Sure , why not , seems reasonable and not anachronistic at all . I do n't understand and you do n't understand—we 've all stepped into the Uwe Boll-niverse .
7 . Demi Moore — Parasite , 1982
Demi Moore was 20 years old when she starred in Parasite , her first major motion picture . It was a real plumb role—one described by Wikipedia as a “ pretty young lemon-grower. ” Yeah , that sounds about right . The film was a 3D , futuristic horror mash-up about a scientist who develops and then attempts to destroy a killer parasite . Really cheap , grimy stuff , which makes all the more sense when one sees that the producer/director is Charles Band . Moore is n't bad , but she ca n't really bring the necessary gravitas to the role that “ lemon-grower ” demands .
6 . Brad Pitt — Cutting Class , 1989
Remember when Brad Pitt starred in that high school slasher movie ? Yeah , you know the one—Cutting Class ? It 's that one where he plays a jock named “ Dwight Ingalls ” whose girlfriend wo n't sleep with him “ until his grades improve , ” because that was teenage culture of the late ‘ 80s in a nutshell . But wait , is it just me or do others have eyes for Brad 's girl as well ? Yes , it 's the weird , loner kid who just got released from a mental institution ! And the creepy principle played by Roddy McDowall ! Who will end up dead , and whose career will scrape along for a few more years before exploding into superstardom ? My money is on McDowall .
5 . Jack Nicholson — Little Shop of Horrors and The Terror , 1960 , 1963
Jack 's career started just about as humbly as it possibly could , doing bit parts in Roger Corman features . Like so many other members of the “ Corman film school ” , he was given his first chance by the prolific B-movie producer-director , although it 's hard to believe he held onto the reels of his performances in Little Shop of Horrors or The Terror for long when trying to land bigger parts . The latter , 1963 's ultra-confusing The Terror , is probably one of Corman 's worst features , which is saying something . Nicholson plays a French soldier for some reason and spends the better part of 81 minutes wandering around leftover sets from previous ( and better ) Corman productions such as The Haunted Palace . It 's probably the most painful to watch appearance on this list , in fact—the whole movie is just a plotless waste filled with warm bodies .
4 . Ben Kingsley — Bloodrayne , 2005
Pro tip : If you consider yourself a “ serious actor , ” then you probably should n't be working with Uwe Boll in any capacity . And if you 're a former Academy Award winner for Best Actor , then you really should n't be working with Uwe Boll . One could argue that the entire value of the Oscar was tarnished by Kingsley 's decision to appear in Boll 's Bloodrayne videogame adaptation as “ Kagan , King of Vampires. ” I wish I could have been there to see that script perusal— “ Okay , so my character 's a rapist vampire and will be required to do action scenes with the 23-year-old star , despite the fact that I 'm 61 and most famous for playing Gandhi ? Maybe you should add a few more zeroes to that check . And could my character 's climactic catchphrase be “ ungrateful bitch ” ? ”
3 . Matthew McConaughey — Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The Next Generation , 1994
It still feels a little bit weird to think of McConaughey as one of this decade 's most respected actors , because young Matt was in plenty of schlocky movies . This was the schlockiest , filmed in 1994 for only $ 600,000 and then not released for three years because it was so vile . By that point , both McConaughey and fellow co-star Renee Zellweger had become household names in Hollywood , and this quasi-remake of the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre finally got a limited release . McConaughey plays Vilmer Slaughter , a member of the same cannibal family as the iconic Leatherface , and … it 's bad . It 's really , really bad . You probably should n't watch it , but I 'll understand if you 've been watching a lot of True Detective lately and feel compelled to go look this up . But do n't blame me for how bad it is .
2 . Arnold Schwarzenegger — Hercules in New York , 1969
The incredible thing about Hercules in New York is the number of years by which it predates Arnold 's classic films . Conan the Barbarian , the first time that most people were exposed to Schwarzenegger , came out in 1982 , a whopping 13 years after he appeared as a 22-year-old Hercules . NOW , think about Arnold 's grasp on the English language in Conan and imagine how it would have been 13 years earlier . This film , unsurprisingly , is a huge mess , and Arnold has no idea whatsoever what he 's doing up there—just a pliable hunk of muscle and meat with none of the charm that he would eventually harness in some of his '80s/'90s roles . He was so unable to speak that the official version of the film has a very silly overdub on his voice , but if you look in the right corners of the Internet , you can still find the original audio , with Arnold phonetically sounding out his lines and flexing every other sentence . Also , he fights a man in a bear suit over a soundtrack of mandolin music .
1 . Angelina Jolie — Cyborg 2 , 1993
This is prime “ scrub it from my résumé forever ! ” material . In fact , Jolie told the New York Times in 2001 that when she saw herself in Cyborg 2 for the first time , she “ went home and got sick. ” A sequel in name only to Albert Pyun 's dreadful Cyborg with Jean-Claude Van Damme , this was Jolie 's first starring role as a 17-year-old , playing a beautiful and deadly machine who is outfitted with a liquid explosive and rigged to blow at any moment ! It 's terrible , but at least she 's got some good company in the form of Elias Koteas and the always-cranky Jack Palance , who bellows a classic , non sequitur line in the trailer : “ If you 're going to dine with the devil , you need a long spoon ! ” I have absolutely no idea what this means .
BONUS ITEM
Leonard Nimoy — Zombies of the Stratosphere , 1952
Leonard Nimoy was never an “ A-lister ” at any point of his life , but I simply find his appearance in this old Republic serial to be hilarious . He 's not a zombie , as the title would suggest , but a Martian with a plot to blow Earth out of its orbit . There are no zombies , by the way . Just enjoy the photo . He 's the one on the left .
There 's a lot you can do with eye and gaze tracking , when it comes to interface design , so when [ Diako ] got his hands on an Oculus Rift , there was really only one thing to do .
Like a few other solutions for eye tracking we 've seen , [ Diako ] is using a small camera with the IR filter removed to read the shape and location of an eye 's pupil to determine where the user is looking . This did require cutting a small hole near one of the Oculus ' eye cups , but the internal camera works great .
To get a window to the world , if it were , [ Diako ] slapped another camera onto the front of the Oculus . These two cameras are fed into the same computer , the gaze tracking is overlaid with the image from the front of the headset , and right away the user has a visual indication of where they 're looking .
Yes , using a computer to know where you 're looking may seem like a rather useless build , but stuff like this is used in research and extraordinarily high tech heads up displays . Although he 's not using the motion tracking on the Oculus , if [ Diako ] were to do so , he 'd have the makings of one of the most powerful heads up displays possible .
While Puerto Rico suffers after Hurricane Maria , much of the U.S. media ( FiveThirtyEight not excepted ) has been occupied with other things : a health care bill that failed to pass , a primary election in Alabama , and a spat between the president and sports players , just to name a few . Last Sunday alone , after President Trump 's tweets about the NFL , the phrase “ national anthem ” was said in more sentences on TV news than “ Puerto Rico ” and “ Hurricane Maria ” combined .
Those other stories are worth covering , of course . But compared to the other natural disasters of the past few weeks , Hurricane Maria has been relatively ignored . Data from Media Cloud , a database that collects news published on the internet every day , shows that the devastation in Puerto Rico is getting comparatively little attention .
TV news coverage reveals a similar trend . Data we collected from the TV News Archive shows that people on TV news shows spoke significantly fewer sentences about Hurricane Maria than about Hurricanes Harvey and Irma . The spike in conversation about Puerto Rico right as the hurricane hit was also much smaller than the spike in mentions of Texas and Florida on television as each of those states was hit by a hurricane .
Of the cable news networks that covered Hurricane Maria , the BBC , a British network , initially mentioned Hurricane Maria on air more than the U.S. networks did . CNN seems to have aired more coverage of Maria than its competitors in the U.S. did , and the data hints that the network may again be ramping up its coverage .
According to one analysis of five political talk shows that aired the Sunday after Maria made landfall , all five programs combined to produce less than one minute of coverage dedicated to the crisis in Puerto Rico , and three out of the five shows did n't mention Puerto Rico at all . Many observers are speculating that Puerto Rico 's status as a territory is one reason for both the lack of news coverage and delays in the delivery of aid . The National Association of Hispanic Journalists issued a statement calling on media outlets to cover this disaster more proportionally , and its spokesperson , BA Snyder , told FiveThirtyEight that the dearth of press coverage was “ unacceptable . ”
We 're calling on national/local media to cover devastation in PR w/ equal attention & responsibility that would be given anywhere in U.S. — NAHJ ( @ NAHJ ) September 25 , 2017
But it is not just the media that is n't paying attention . A recent poll showed that less than half of Americans are even aware that Puerto Ricans are American citizens . Google searches from the rest of the U.S. show that public interest was also higher for the two storms that hit the mainland than it was for the storm that hit Puerto Rico .
After his initial silence on the issue , President Trump has a visit to Puerto Rico planned in the coming week . Perhaps his presence will bring more media and citizen engagement from the mainland .
Look at the current state song
`` Texas , Our Texas ''
Texas , Our Texas ! all hail the mighty State !
Texas , Our Texas ! so wonderful so great !
Boldest and grandest , withstanding ev'ry test
O Empire wide and glorious , you stand supremely blest .
Texas , O Texas ! your freeborn single star ,
Sends out its radiance to nations near and far ,
Emblem of Freedom ! it set our hearts aglow ,
With thoughts of San Jacinto and glorious Alamo .
Texas , dear Texas ! from tyrant grip now free ,
Shines forth in splendor , your star of destiny !
Mother of heroes , we come your children true ,
Proclaiming our allegiance , our faith , our love for you .
God bless you Texas ! And keep you brave and strong ,
That you may grow in power and worth , throughout the ages long .
God bless you Texas ! And keep you brave and strong ,
That you may grow in power and worth , throughout the ages long .
What ? ? ? ? ? Now try this one on for size .
When the day breaks on Cedar Creek Lake
Or my life rolls into Rome
When the sun goes down on Austin town
That 's when I 'll know I 'm home
What a time we 'll have on Greenville Ave
With the big shots in Big D
I 'm livin ' in a state of Texas
And Texas lives in me
For the girls I 've known in San Anton
And out El Paso way
My love grows like a yellow rose
And will not fade away
When you hold tight on a summer night
I 'm gone , yeah , I am free
I 'm livin ' in a state of Texas
And Texas lives in me
I 'm livin ' in a state of Texas
And Texas lives in me
Like a mystery train or a magic trick
Or a map of the world on a guitar pick
I ca n't explain , I got to let it be
The eyes of Texas are smiling on me
Yeah , the eyes of Texas are smiling on me
Where the bluebonnets thrive on I-35
And the Guadalupe River flows
Where the stars at night are a hell of a sight
And the honkey-tonks never close
When the mornin ' sun rise and I open my eyes
Yeah , that 's all I wan na see
I 'm livin ' in a state of Texas
And Texas lives in me
I 'm livin ' in a state of Texas
Does n't that paint a better picture .
http : //www.ipetitions.com/petition/make-the-old-97s-state-of-texas-the-official/
You probably remember last week 's “ Comcast Does n't Give a F # # k ” video . And though it might seem like those who work for Comcast exist inside an impermeable sphere through which no criticism shall pass , that is far from the truth .
A Consumerist reader with a not-uncommon name and a generic , simple e-mail address says he often gets messages intended for other people with his name .
Then this morning he notices a message from someone with a Comcast corporate e-mail account and a Comcast company signature has landed in his inbox . The only text : A YouTube link to the “ Comcast Does n't Give a F # # k ” clip that he assumes ( and we agree ) was not intended for him to see .
It 's either that or the Comcast employee thought that random customers should be made aware of the company 's reputation .
“ I 'm happy to know that Comcast REALLY does n't give a f # # k about us , ” writes the accidental e-mail recipient , “ and they find it amusing enough to pass along to their friends and family . ”
Just as a reminder , here 's the video again :
Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip , right , at an event in Northern Ireland in June .
United Kingdom authorities have uncovered a plot by radical British Islamists to blow up Queen Elizabeth II at a celebration next weekend marking the 70th anniversary of the end of the World War II , according to the Mail on Sunday newspaper .
London police and security services are in `` a frantic race against time to thwart the assassination plot , '' the newspaper said .
The Queen and members of the royal family are scheduled to attend a church service and military parade in central London next Saturday to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory in Japan Day .
The Japanese surrender on August 15 , 1945 – less than a week after the United States dropped atom bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki – brought the World War II to its conclusion .
A Metropolitan Police spokesman encouraged the public `` to continue with their plans to attend or take part in events as normal . '' He said that the force 's priority is `` the safety and security for all those attending or involved . ''
The newspaper said the potential attackers were British Islamists acting on the orders of Islamic State ( ISIS ) commanders in Syria . Their plan was to explode a pressure cooker bomb similar to those used in the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 , which killed three people and injured more than 260 .
While hundreds of ISIS converts have left the U.K. for Syria and Iraq over the past two years , others have been urged to remain at home and launch local attacks .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
A Buckingham Palace spokesman refused to comment on the bomb plot , saying `` It is not something we would comment on . '' A Scotland Yard spokesman also declined to comment .
A Shot And A Book : How To Read In Bars
As a critic , I read for work . Or rather , I read and then work to translate that experience into something others might read . The hope is that they 'll then be compelled enough to also read , if it 's any good , the thing I wrote about me reading . That 's a pretty meaningful exchange for a reviewer .
People ask if I 'm actually reading all these books , and how I can possibly find the hours . I do n't mind the question . I enjoy the give and take , and the talk of immersing oneself in a story . And anyway , there 's plenty of time . At the doctor 's office , the airport , in line at the DMV . I knew a guy who could finish half a novella in the shower , do n't ask me how .
Bars , especially the ones I read in , are gifts . They 're warm and brooding , and if you go early enough , it can be just you , a bartender , and enough open space to react to plot twists without judgment .
Reading requires — especially today — intense discipline and the capacity to sit still and engage . It 's a skill you can develop , this quieting of the mind . Some books make it easier than others , sure , but the fact remains : A strong reader is a champ at refusing the sweet mutter of distractions . That damn laundry can wait and you know it .
My favorite place to read is in a dark bar mid-day . Although I can read almost anywhere , we 're each allowed our preferences and mine is so . Coffee shops feel pretentious , the gym is freaking weird . Libraries are fine but there 's so much candy and I ca n't handle it all calling my name . The last thing I read was The Conversations by Cesar Aira , and I devoured it in this quaint little dive up the road from my house . Aira 's stuff is super meandering and detailed and it requires all of my senses working in unison ; the bar is always close to empty when I go , so it 's everything I need .
Bars , especially the ones I read in , are gifts . They 're warm and brooding , and if you go early enough , it can be just you , a bartender , and enough open space to react to plot twists without judgment . All that 's happening is the cleaning and the setting up shop for the lunch crowd . And so I 'll sit with a book . Sometimes I 'll even stand a while , which I did through part of the closing section of Wise Blood .
On average , I receive anywhere from five to 10 books a month ; a relatively small number compared to some critics I know . They 're sent to me by publishers and authors anticipating I 'll give their work the shine they believe it merits . It 's strange to feel that control , and I marvel at it .
I 've always got stacks of books in a backpack and a mental log of places to lose myself in . So , on certain days I shove off someplace and pick a spot , usually a booth with the entrance in view . No matter where I go , I need to see who comes in and who leaves . Preparedness or paranoia , not sure which it is . Both .
Anyhow , do this : single out a bar or two . Make plans , let 's say for a Wednesday between meals . It all depends on their hours of operation , as some bars open by 10am and others not until after 2pm . Do n't drive too far . Do n't go anywhere just to look at your phone , either , because your phone is not the point . Bring a book , sit . Look up every so often and make eye contact with the bartender . If you must , order something small . Be decent . Read .
Juan Vidal is a writer and cultural critic from Miami . He tweets at @ itsjuanlove .
Man , I 'm no game developer , but every time I see a game that takes after the Smash formula ... it always looks a bit off ? It by no means makes the game look BAD , but it seems noticeably stiffer/less fluid in movement , at least comparatively . The feeling of the attacks and how they seem to connect is also offputting . Hm .
Perhaps that 's just more of a kudo to Sakurai and his team ( s ) for polishing and fine-tuning the Smash games as well as they do . Maybe balancing is n't their strongest suit , but mechanically all the games are near-perfect . I have yet to see any game do Smash better than Smash . Rolling with this opinion of mine , I think Rivals of Aether has come the closest .
Regardless of all this nitpicking , I 'm probably gon na buy this anyway . The more platform fighters , the better .
Almost a week ago , the Obama administration decided to get off the fence on Egypt and start pushing for Hosni Mubarak to resign as president of Egypt . On Tuesday night , Barack Obama told the US that Mubarak needed to transition to a new government that had support from the people , and he sent Frank Wisner to Egypt to send the message to Mubarak personally . Wisner , however , sent an entirely different message back to the US :
The latest challenge came Saturday afternoon when the man sent last weekend by President Obama to persuade the 82-year-old leader to step out of the way , Frank G. Wisner , told a group of diplomats and security experts that “ President Mubarak 's continued leadership is critical — it 's his opportunity to write his own legacy . ”
Jake Tapper , David Kerley , and Kirit Radia report for ABC that the White House began distancing itself from its own special envoy :
The Obama administration on Saturday distanced itself from comments about Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak made by a man the president had used as an envoy to Mubarak just days before . Saying he was speaking for himself , former U.S . Ambassador to Egypt Frank Wisner said at a security conference in Munich , Germany , that “ President Mubarak remains utterly critical in the days ahead as we sort our way toward the future. ” Wisner said that Mubarak “ must stay in office in order to steer those changes through . … This is an ideal moment for him to show the way forward. ” State Department spokesman P.J . Crowley said , “ We have great respect for Frank Wisner and we were deeply appreciative of his willingness to travel to Egypt last week . He has not continued in any official capacity following the trip . The views he expressed today are his own . He did not coordinate his comments with the U.S. government . ”
But that sentiment was n't limited to Wisner within the administration , either :
Just hours before offering her correctives of Mr. Wisner , Mrs. Clinton made the case at a gathering in Munich that the entire process would take time , and must be carefully managed . “ Revolutions have overthrown dictators in the name of democracy , ” she reminded her audience , “ only to see the process hijacked by new autocrats who use violence , deception and rigged elections to stay in power . ”
Apparently , the Obama administration did n't bother to brief Wisner on his objectives very well , or they chose their envoy very poorly . Or maybe Wisner figured that he was supposed to be more than a messenger . Wisner spent five years in Egypt as the American ambassador during the Reagan and Bush 41 administrations , as well as three years in Zambia for Carter and Reagan , a year in the Philippines for Bush 41 , and three years in India for Clinton . Wisner must have thought he was chosen to not just discuss the American position with Mubarak , but also to assess the situation for the White House and advise them on the best path forward .
Obviously , Obama is n't interested in his advice , despite Wisner 's long experience in Egypt and in diplomacy . The White House would rather stick to their own decisions in this crisis , which so far look like attempts to climb onto whatever bandwagon still has wheels at any given moment . From this point forward , if Obama wants to just send messages , he should stick with Western Union .
Let 's say you need to build a new rocket . Where do you start ?
Well , what kind of rocket are you going to create ? All rockets , after all , are not created equal – the world is full of a variety of rockets , all designed for different purposes .
Step One : Know What Your Rocket Needs to Do .
In order to know what kind of rocket you 're going to build , you need to know its requirements .
For the sake of this hypothetical example , let 's say the new rocket you need to build is to be designed for the purpose of human exploration of deep space . Specifically , it 's going to be the rocket that will enable human missions to Mars , far and away the most ambitious task ever undertaken in spaceflight history . A bold mission requires a bold rocket .
Step Two : Establish Mission Parameters .
Over history , there have been numerous studies of how to get to Mars , so you take the best data you can get and figure out what it takes to execute those missions . The general thinking is that you 're going to need multiple launches to carry out the mission , but even with multiple launches , there are going to be some really big pieces . You 're going to have to be able to lift at least 130 metric tons of stuff ( a.k.a . payload ) into Earth orbit . Many engineers think your lander may measure up to 30 feet across , so you need a payload volume big enough to carry it .
Step Three : Call in Experts .
You work with other rocket designers , in both the government and commercial spaceflight worlds . You listen to a lot of ideas . And I mean , a LOT of ideas .
Step Four : Start Drawing .
You start creating rocket designs . You work from a blank sheet of paper . In fact , you get a lot of blank sheets of paper . Reams of paper , really .
Step Five : Whittle Down the Possibilities .
The challenge , it turns out , is not to design a rocket capable of supporting human missions to Mars . The challenge is designing the BEST rocket for the mission .
And the real challenge of doing that knows which rocket is best . What 's the standard for “ bestness ” in a Mars rocket ? It 's a more complex question than it might sound – it 's vital , for example , that the rocket be powerful , but the best rocket is not the one that 's most powerful . Once you have enough power , more power makes less difference .
As you probably guessed , this question is not completely hypothetical ; four years ago , this exact scenario led to the birth of Space Launch System . Engineers were tasked with designing the 130-metric-ton Mars rocket described above . They called in government and industry experts . They reviewed more than 1,000 possible designs for the vehicle .
In the case of the SLS , some concepts were easy to reject : there were clearly better choices , for example , than the rocket that was too wide to fit out of the giant doors of the Vehicle Assembly Building at Kennedy Space Center .
Three stood out – a Saturn-like large , multi-stage rocket , using the kerosene fuel that powered the moon rocket instead of the shuttle 's liquid hydrogen ; a rocket built from components based on current smaller rockets , taking advantage of industry successes ; and a design that would be an evolutionary step from systems used on the space shuttle . But which was best ?
External constraints had to be considered – in addition to the guideline that the rocket had to support human deep space exploration , national policy said it had to use , where possible , resources from the then-about-to-end shuttle program and earlier Constellation development effort . Any of the designs could have met this guideline ; NASA worked to pick the design , and then identify existing resources that could facilitate its development .
NASA chose three additional standards to measure the rockets – any qualified design would be judged by how well it met standards of safety , affordability and sustainability .
Each of the three had strengths and weaknesses ; engineers studied and debated the pros and cons of each . Ultimately , while the Saturn-like rocket was a good design , the time and cost needed to design , build , and launch it was too great . The smaller-rocket-derived design , in contrast , offered development advantages over the kerosene vehicle since the existing hardware and support systems provided a head start , but its complexity counted against it in the safety measurement . If you do n't have a barge , you can get the same effect by strapping a whole lot of rowboats together , but it 's not going to be the same .
The remaining design , based on a combination of upgrades to shuttle systems and new developments , provided advantages in shortening development time and reducing costs , and offering safety advantages through the use of proven propulsion systems .
Step Six : Pick the Best Design .
And so from the thousands , one remained — the design that could not only carry out the mission to Mars , but could do so most safely , affordably and sustainably .
The lengthy journey to the launch pad had begun .
Next Time : Just What Is An SLS , Anyway ?
Join in the conversation : Visit our Facebook page to comment on the post about this blog . We 'd love to hear your feedback !
David Hitt works in the strategic communications office of NASA 's Space Launch System Program . He began working in NASA Education at Marshall Space Flight Center in 2002 , and is the author of two books on spaceflight history .
Ever notice that women ask questions for which they already have the answer ? Yes this is the way of women . They want confirmation and then reconfirmation . A man must have said to a woman that he loves/likes her but that is not enough . Women want to feel it in their man 's voice , his actions and his bones . For example a man is with a woman who he likes and her friend , he asks her friend to tell him something about her . Which clearly means the man likes the woman and hence curious about her . A time will come when the woman will ask the man that why he was curious about her ? She wants to feel his congruence and hence the woman will ask that kind of questions . This behavior of women permeates from beginning to end of the relationship ( maybe even after that ) . In most cases her way of confirming will be very indirect . For example she might bring up about a round table conversation she was having with friends ( including you ) , and will comment how smart the other girl was and how she ( your woman ) admires her . She wants to know how the man still feels about her at different times .
Advertisements
Photo
It has been a rough couple of weeks for a top American goalkeeper and national team stalwart .
Everton Manager David Moyes said recently that Tim Howard had broken two bones in his back in an F.A . Cup match . As a result Howard will miss the next two World Cup qualifiers — Friday against Costa Rica in Commerce City , Colo. , and Tuesday against Mexico at Azteca Stadium . ( The injury bug also infected the women 's game : Hope Solo had wrist surgery and will be out for the first three to four months of the National Women 's Soccer League 's inaugural season . )
Yet there is little need for despair as the current American goalkeeping corps is strong , ready to serve club and country . American goalkeepers are praised the world over , loved for a combination of athleticism , shot-stopping ability and good old American ruggedness . Most observers of the loneliest position see this love affair as a recent phenomenon , a golden generation of ( g ) loved ones that dates to the 1990s with Tony Meola , Kasey Keller and Brad Friedel , the 41-year-old marvel who stills plays at Tottenham Hotspur .
Yet , as with much of the American soccer past , there is a much longer history , and in this case , it dates to an era when the goalkeeper simply used his bare hands .
“ America Soccer Goalies Equal to Best in the World ” — so read a headline in The Newark Evening News on Jan. 18 , 1935 .
“ Goal-keeping is one department in which America does not lag behind foreign countries , ” Tom Connel wrote . “ Soccer followers in the British Isles as well as continental Europe are forced to admit that the native American goalies , as a whole , are equal to if not better than the best net guarding talent produced in other lands . ”
Tony Meola of Kearny , N.J. , who played in both the 1990 and 1994 World Cups , was not the first New York-area goalkeeper to represent the United States . George Tintle of Harrison , N.J. , played in the first two official United States internationals during a 1916 tour of Scandinavia , where he helped secure a win against Sweden and a tie with Norway . A firefighter by trade , Tintle was well known for snuffing out attacks during his 15-year professional career .
Photo
East Newark 's Jimmy Douglas played for a string of teams in the American Soccer League ( Harrison New York Nationals and Fall River Marksmen , among others ) before guarding the net in the 1924 Olympic Games and the inaugural World Cup , in 1930 . Douglas , whom one reporter described as having “ more arms than an octopus , ” shut out Belgium and Paraguay during the run to the country 's best finish — third place .
Not surprisingly , in a sporting culture based on hand-eye coordination , goalkeeper was the first position to become Americanized .
“ It is significant that the most brilliant goalies are good basketball or baseball players , ” Connell added . “ The ability to dribble and pass a basketball accurately is a distinct asset to any athlete who aspires to be a goaltender . Likewise , fielding in baseball requires alertness and a sense of anticipation that is useful in tending the nets . ”
A review of the A.S.L . 's top goalkeepers during the 1930s found that almost all of them were native born and played multiple sports . For example , Stan Chesney of Bayonne , N.J. , starred for the New York Americans , but before that he had played in the St. Louis Cardinals ' farm system . He also led his semipro basketball team in scoring . The Philadelphia Germans ' netminder was also a basketball star , and Joe Reder of Fall River , Mass. , gave up soccer to play for a Boston Red Sox minor league affiliate . Adolph Cengia of the Newark Germans came from a family of professional acrobats .
Perhaps the first golden generation of American goalkeepers was during the 1920s and 1930s , when native-born men gained respect turning away shots and fielding crosses in both a strong domestic league and in international competition . Yet none of them were included in a recent Internet poll of the top 10 goalkeepers in United States history . Meola , who was also a baseball star and even tried to kick field goals for the Jets , carries on the fine tradition of New Jersey goaltenders in the poll , but there was no room for Tintle , Douglas or Chesney .
Howard , also from the Garden State and a high school basketball star , was on the list , but he will have to be replaced for the Americans ' coming qualifiers .
In discussing Jurgen Klinsmann 's options , Eric Wynalda said , joking , “ Just pick a bald guy. ” Four of the five top goalkeepers in the poll are follicularly challenged — Howard , the now-retired Keller , Friedel and Marcus Hahnemann — but the likely replacement , also bald , did not make the cut for the top 10 . ( Meola is the exception on the hair front , and he was notably voted as having one of the 10 best mullets in sports history . ) The other Brad , Brad Guzan , is having a remarkable season with the relegation worry Aston Villa , and while he has let up a lot of goals , he is battle tested and ready to go .
Let 's hope Guzan is the next ( g ) loved one .
Tom McCabe teaches history at Rutgers-Newark , and he is the author of “ Miracle on High Street , ” which details the rise , fall and rise of a Newark prep school . He is currently working on a history of soccer in New Jersey . Follow him on Twitter .
This is a list of Keys to the City awarded in the United States .
Beverly Hills Edit
September 2 , 2010 : The Kardashian-Jenner family and Larry King were awarded the key to the city of Beverly Hills , the award date falling ( by design ) on a day designated by the City 's famous zip code , 90210 . [ 6 ]
Coalinga Edit
December 6 , 2018 : Outgoing Mayor of Coalinga Nathan Vosburg was presented the Key to the City of Coalinga by fellow Councilman Adam Adkisson for all his hard work .
Compton Edit
February 13 , 2016 : Mayor Aja Brown presented Kendrick Lamar with the key to the city . [ 7 ]
Corona Edit
March 12 , 2010 : Scarlett 's Magic , a Savannah cat owned by the Draper family ( Leon S. Draper , Kimberly Saunders , Martin `` Marty '' Draper and Matthew `` Matteo '' Draper ) was awarded the key to the city of Corona for being recognized in the 2011 Guinness Book of World Records as the World 's Tallest Cat , measuring 45.9 centimeters ( 18.1 inches ) from shoulder to toe . [ citation needed ]
Cypress Edit
After winning the 1994 U.S Amateur Title , Tiger Woods was presented the key to the city of Cypress , his hometown . The ceremony took place at Cypress Golf Club .
After being selected on the list of 100 most influential people in Orange County , Calif for 2015 , 16 year old Dan Ta was presented the key to the city of Cypress , by Mayor Mariellen Yarc at the January 20 , 2016 State of the City Luncheon in front of 300 local leaders .
Danville Edit
Diamond Bar Edit
On January 24 , 2016 , US Women 's National Soccer Team star Alex Morgan was presented the key to the city of Diamond Bar , her hometown . The ceremony took place at local Pantera Park .
Indio Edit
2008 : Mayor Lupe Ramos Watson presented to the Order of the Eastern Star California Worthy Grand Matron the key to the City of Indio for their 100 years of service to the community through volunteerism and unwavering commitment to life , liberty and the pursuit of justice . [ citation needed ]
2011 : Mayor Lupe Ramos Watson presents Honorary Mayor Bob Ladiin for his commitment to the City through Volunteerism , Public Safety and Senior Citizen Advocacy . [ citation needed ]
2013 : Mayor Elaine Holmes presents to Mr Alexander Haagan III the key to the City of Indio city for his long standing support of music the arts , culture and community events at his Empire Polo Grounds in Indio . [ citation needed ]
2015 : Mayor Lupe Ramos Watson presents to the Order of the Eastern Star California Worthy Grand Matron the key to the City of Indio for their 100 plus years of service to the community through volunteerism and unwavering commitment to life , liberty and the pursuit of justice , and for their 70-year commitment to the City 's longest standing community festival the Riverside County Fair and National Date Festival . [ citation needed ]
Lancaster Edit
April 30 , 2015 : During Tuesday evening 's City Council meeting , Mayor R. Rex Parris presented the Key to the City to Matt Anderson , who was recently named ‘ Gateway Teacher of the Year ' by the esteemed national program ‘ Project Lead the Way ' ( PLTW ) . Mr. Anderson , a teacher at Joe Walker Middle School , teaches PLTW Gateway courses as part of the school 's Science , Technology , Engineering and Mathematics ( STEM ) program .
“ In recognition of your remarkable dedication and enthusiasm in helping to develop our region 's STEM program , and your commitment to serving the young people of our community , we are very proud to present you with the Key to the City , acknowledging your many outstanding achievements , including now being named the Teacher of the Year , ” said Mayor Parris . “ We know how important the STEM program is to our community , training intelligent young man and women to become engineers , scientists and mathematicians . The young adults whose lives you 've touched truly represent our future here in the aerospace valley . Congratulations , Matt , on this very prestigious award . ”
Project Lead the Way is the nation 's leader in K-12 STEM education programs . Each year , its annual California State Conference recognizes three educators throughout the state of California . The Gateway Teacher of the Year award is presented to an educator who instructs middle school students in STEM .
Anderson has been teaching at Joe Walker Middle School for more than twenty-five years . In addition to teaching , he coaches VEX Robotics and mentors Westside Union School District 's other PLTW programs . His students regard him not only as a role model and inspiration , but also a mentor who helps them succeed in the world of science , technology , engineering and mathematics .
Long Beach Edit
Los Angeles Edit
Oakland Edit
1979 : Musical group The Jacksons received keys to the city of Oakland .
Sacramento Edit
San Francisco Edit
Stockton Edit
Impossible Objects has developed commercial 3-D printers that can churn out parts that are ready to use in cars , planes , computers and more .
Many 3-D printers can form prototypes but not components that are structurally sound enough to be used in final products , especially if those products need to fly or drive .
According to Impossible Objects CEO Larry Kaplan , the company 's technology works something like a laminator on steroids :
`` You feed a stack of sheets into our printers that are made of non-woven textiles like carbon fiber , Kevlar or what have you . Then , something like an ink jet head prints a water-based solution on those to draw a cross-section of the object you want to produce . Each sheet goes into a system that drops plastic powder where the 'ink ' is wet . You then heat and press the stack of sheets together . As the stack is pressed , the plastic powder forms into the shape you created , capturing the fiber . ''
Impossible Objects ' Model One printer are already being used by major manufacturers in the U.S. , chairman and founder Bob Swartz told CNBC . These include Jabil and Aurora Flight Sciences , the aerospace company recently acquired by Boeing .
Swartz said his start-up , based in Northbrook , Illinois , has newly closed a $ 6.4 million round of venture funding to make and distribute its printers and the materials that go in them . Investors included OCA Ventures and IDEA Fund Partners .
Impossible Objects ' technology appeals to manufacturers because it works with composites including carbon fiber , Kevlar and fiberglass , Swartz said . These materials are both strong and lightweight , unlike metal and most plastics used with injection molding techniques or other 3-D printers .
The growing industry of 3-D printing , also known as additive manufacturing , generated $ 6.06 billion in revenue in 2016 , according to the Wohlers 2017 report . Impossible Objects is not alone in the quest to make 3-D printers the new standard in manufacturing .
One competitor , Carbon , makes 3-D printers that can make a range of objects , including Adidas sneakers , from pooled resin and elastomers . Another , Desktop Metal , developed printers that make objects from any alloy . Both companies are backed by GE Ventures and Google 's venture arm , GV .
Correction : Bob Swartz was not affiliated with mapping firm Navteq . Larry Kaplan was previously the CEO of that company .
It appears that the Florida law firm of Fetterman & Associates not only litigates but spontaneously creates personal injury cases . Robert and Heather Friedrich went to the law firm in search of recovery for injuries from an accident — they found it , albeit for injuries in the law firm itself when Robert sat in a defective chair . A jury has awarded the couple more than $ 2 million for the injury .
Robert and Heather were seeking representation for injuries from a car accident when they went to the law firm . The chair 's failure caused Robert to fall backwards and hit his head — causing him medical bills of more than $ 200,000 and the loss of his job .
The jury in this comparative negligence state apportioning 67.5 percent of the liability to the furniture store that sold the chair to the firm in 1998 and 32.5 percent to Fetterman .
The chair was purchased from Brandon Home Furnishings in January 1998 and was defectively manufactured according to the jury .
On its website , Fetterman proclaims :
Fetterman and Associates , the Law Team , has been helping people with legal problems for more than thirty years . We seek justice for people who have suffered from the negligence of others , or who have been deprived of their rights or property by insurance companies or big business . Our focus is protecting the rights of injured people and their families .
Of course , sometimes it is not the negligence of others that brings cases to the firm . At times , a predator can become prey in the world of personal injury law .
In defense of the firm , however , I fail to see how the firm is responsible for a defectively manufactured chair unless there was some warning or overt weakness . Perhaps such evidence was introduced . Otherwise , it is a bit of a harsh burden for offices to be responsible for latent defects in chairs .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
On May 6 and 7 , the Siskiyou County Sheriff 's Office investigated a possible stolen trailer and modular home that was allegedly located in the vicinity of Dangel Lane and Quartz Valley Road in the unincorporated area of Scott Valley .
On May 6 and 7 , the Siskiyou County Sheriff 's Office investigated a possible stolen trailer and modular home that was allegedly located in the vicinity of Dangel Lane and Quartz Valley Road in the unincorporated area of Scott Valley .
According to an SCSO press release , the vehicle and modular home were located and it was determined the trailer and modular home were stolen from Red Bluff , California , on May 5 .
On May 7 , a deputy and a sergeant responded to recover and investigate the theft of the modular home , valued at $ 38,000 .
The trailer and modular home were located in a driveway in the 12000 block of Dangel Lane in the vicinity of Quartz Valley Road .
While the SCSO deputy and sergeant were investigating the theft , which was previously confirmed by running the vehicle identification number , a suspect was identified as Chance T. Henson , 41 , of Fort Jones .
The release states that Henson was found to have a vehicle matching the description of the pickup observed towing the trailer and modular home from the Red Bluff location to Scott Valley .
Additional evidence was also secured at two locations . The suspect 's explanation for how he acquired the trailer and modular home , which he claimed he purchased from another party , could not be reasonably substantiated by investigators , the release states .
During the investigation , a small quantity of heroin and paraphernalia were also located .
Henson was arrested and charged with possession of stolen property , vehicle theft , possession of a controlled substance , and possession of drug paraphernalia .
He was transported to and booked in the Siskiyou County Jail in Yreka .
Sheriff Jon Lopey stated in the release , “ We are fortunate this vehicle trailer and modular home , valued at $ 38,000 , were recovered . We are also thankful a suspicious citizen reported their initial observations , which led to the investigation and recovery of the valuable property and arrest of a suspect for serious auto-theft , possession of stolen property , and drug offenses . Anyone with any information about this incident is urged to contact the SCSO 's 24-hour Dispatch Center at ( 530 ) 841-2900 . ”
New Mexico law enforcement is under fire again after the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit alleging cruel and unusual punishment when a corrections officer reportedly sprayed mace on a woman 's genitals during a strip search .
According to the lawsuit , Marlene Tapia was arrested two years ago on November 22 for a possible parole violation concerning a previous drug case . Tapia was undergoing a strip search by two female corrections officers at the Metropolitan Detention Center when the officers noticed a plastic bag sticking out from Tapia 's genitals .
Instead of telling Tapia to remove the bag , one of the officers – Blanca Zapatar – reportedly sprayed her genitals with mace twice . The suit alleges that this not only constituted misconduct by the officer , but also that it was a violation of standard procedure , which dictates that if an officer notices an item in a body cavity of an inmate , that individual must be taken to a medical office for treatment .
According to KOB 4 News , the documents filed in court also claim that Zapatar disobeyed orders by her superior to stop spraying Tapia , who was cooperating and did not resist the officers in any way .
Tapia said the mace caused “ severe pain that lasted for several weeks including burning , swollen genitals and painful urination. ” The suit claims that there was no reason to use the mace except “ to punish ” Tapia .
The civil rights case has taken two years to build , but Peter Simonson of the New Mexico chapter of the ACLU said it was filed within the statute of limitations .
“ It 's just the maliciousness , the wanton disregard , wanton maliciousness that the corrections officer demonstrated , ” he said to KOB 4 . “ This is the kind of chemical that is intended to be sprayed on other parts of the body , to cause pain , but to spray it on the very most sensitive part of a person 's body only doubles the pain . ”
Simonson added the purpose of the lawsuit is to ensure the freedoms and protections enshrined in the Constitution apply to all Americans , and that the ACLU is not seeking compensation . The suit acknowledged that Zapata was disciplined for her actions , and the detention center confirmed she was still working there .
This is n't the first time New Mexico law enforcement has been accused of violating the rights of those suspected of carrying drugs . Earlier this month , RT reported that at least two individuals were arrested by police on suspicion of carrying drugs inside their bodies and forced to undergo invasive procedures against their will , including finger rectal exams , enemas , X-Rays , and , in one situation , a colonoscopy . No drugs were found in either of those cases , and lawsuits have been filed against the officers and doctors involved .
Strike a pose and hold your breath : Fashion models take part in stunning underwater freediving photo shoot with whale sharks
Advertisement
Fearless underwater models brought the worlds of fashion and the ocean together in the shoot of a lifetime by freediving with 30-foot-long whale sharks .
Instead of flaunting their curves on the catwalk like other international models , Hannah Fraser , 36 , and Roberta Mancino , 32 , gamely dived up to 25-feet-deep into the ocean , complete with designer attire , for a one-of-a-kind photo-session posing in the wild with the 18-tonne world 's largest fish .
The sight of top-models perfectly mimicking the graceful poses of whale sharks as they swam through the tropical waters of the Philippines was the brainchild of US photographers Shawn Heinrichs , 41 , and Kristian Schmidt , 35 , who spent four-months planning the five-day photoshoot .
Scroll down to watch incredible photoshoot
Working in harmony : Fearless underwater models brought the worlds of fashion and the ocean together in the shoot of a lifetime by freediving with 30-foot-long whale sharks
Graceful : Underwater fashion model , Hannah Fraser , left , rises in perfect harmony with a Whale Shark in Oslob , Philippines , while base jumper , Roberta Mancino , leaps over the tail of a gulping Whale Shark
Underwater fashion : Instead of flaunting their curves on the catwalk like other international models , Hannah Fraser , 36 , and Roberta Mancino , 32 , gamely dived up to 25-feet-deep into the ocean
Mr Heinrichs explained how the pair of photographers decided to join forces with models Roberta and Hannah to create images that would capture the hearts of the general public and raise awareness of the plight of the gentle giants that live in the world 's oceans .
'The models were incredibly eager to join this shoot , ' said Mr Heinrichs .
'As well as being conventional models in the fashion industry , Hannah is a professional underwater model and Roberta a world-class base jumper .
'With that kind of background , they had the confidence necessary to make this succeed .
Working together : Underwater model , Hannah Fraser , dances in front of a passing Whale Shark in Oslob , Philippines
All in a day 's work : The models had to hold their breath and stay poised under the water to make sure the photographer 's got the perfect shot
New direction : Complete with designer attire , they posed for a one-of-a-kind photo-session posing in the wild with the 18-tonne world 's largest fish
'During the shoot we managed to skirt thunderstorms , rough seas and occasional high winds without any incidents - we were very fortunate that the shoot went off without a hitch .
'Whale sharks are gentle animals and present zero threat to people and the fishermen we worked with welcomed us to their village .
'They helped us interact safely and respectfully with the whale sharks . '
Whale sharks are a classified as a harmless and vulnerable marine species that survive by consuming tiny sea creatures called plankton .
However they continue to be the victims of poaching , with their fins being sold in the markets of China for up to US $ 20,000 ( £12,300 ) .
Smooth : 'During the shoot we managed to skirt thunderstorms , rough seas and occasional high winds without any incidents - we were very fortunate that the shoot went off without a hitch , ' said the photographer
Inside information : Mr Heinrichs described how they were able to take the incredible shots , by tapping into the knowledge of locals in the Philippine village of Oslob
Impact : Mr Heinrichs explained the impact their underwater fashion shoot with whale sharks has already had with viewers . 'People are blown away by the images , ' he said
Behind the scenes : 'The experience , confidence and natural beauty that Hannah and Roberta brought to the project was a decisive factor in making the shoot such a huge success , ' said the photographer
Mr Heinrichs described how they were able to take the incredible shots , by tapping into the knowledge of locals in the Philippine village of Oslob , where fishermen have developed a special bond with the whale sharks they share the ocean with .
'Each day the whale sharks come in to the shallow waters of the village and the fishermen feed them small handfuls of tiny shrimp , ' he said .
'For a few hours a day , the whale sharks sit peacefully beneath the canoes waiting for a tasty treat .
' I had a real sense of how work with human subjects and these magnificent animals .
Link : 'People are immediately taken by the connection between these models and the sharks , the juxtaposition between these beautiful vulnerable women and these creatures of the deep , ' said the photographer
Lighting : 'Managing composition , position of sunlight , and working with the models to connect with the whale sharks enabled us to really make these images shout , ' said the photographer
'Combined with Kristian 's expertise working with fashion models , we had all the tools necessary to get the job done .
'Managing composition , position of sunlight , and working with the models to connect with the whale sharks enabled us to really make these images shout .
'The experience , confidence and natural beauty that Hannah and Roberta brought to the project was a decisive factor in making the shoot such a huge success . '
Shawn explained the impact their underwater fashion shoot with whale sharks has already had with viewers .
'People are blown away by the images , ' he said .
'Most find it hard to believe they are actually real - many people assume the models are photo-shopped into the picture .
'Though cleaned up and enhanced with colour and lighting effects as in any fashion shoot , nothing has been added to the images , including the models
'People are immediately taken by the connection between these models and the sharks , the juxtaposition between these beautiful vulnerable women and these creatures of the deep .
We are very pleased to confirm the release of a brand-new film : Muse - Live At Rome Olympic Stadium . This is the first ever concert film shot in 4K Ultra High Definition , which means four times more pixels than your regular film at the cinema , allowing amazing detail and close ups . Check out the trailer below or click HERE for an exclusive preview .
On 5th November 20 cinemas in 20 cities will host special advance screenings exclusively in 4K . It kicks off in Sydney and finishes off in Los Angeles , and takes in other capital cities throughout the day including Tokyo , Paris , London and Rio and you can be there .
Tickets are on-sale now , to find your nearest screening click HERE .
The film will then go on general release on the 6th November * , a full list of cinemas can be found HERE on our cinema page where you can also check out a gallery of images from Rome and the trailer .
* In cinemas where 4K is not available the film will be shown in 2K .
NBCSN 's same-day telecast Aug. 2 of the Honda Indy 200 at Mid-Ohio drew an average viewership of 666,000 , making it the most-watched Verizon IndyCar Series race on the network since NBC Sports Group acquired INDYCAR cable exclusivity in 2008 .
It also marked the first time that four consecutive Verizon IndyCar Series race telecasts on the network each surpassed 500,000 viewers , continuing the trend of growth in viewership and ratings compared to 2014 . Viewership was also up dramatically over 2014 for the races at Iowa Speedway ( 22 percent ) , The Milwaukee Mile ( 64 percent ) and Auto Club Speedway ( 82 percent ) .
Average viewership and ratings for all Verizon IndyCar Series telecasts this season are up nearly 10 percent and represent a continuation of the growth in 2014 , when INDYCAR experienced significant gains in ratings and viewership gain over the previous year .
Viewership of the NBCSN broadcast of the Honda 200 at Mid-Ohio eclipsed coverage of the Edmonton race in 2011 ( 642,000 ) and was the most-watched Verizon IndyCar Series telecast on cable TV since the 2008 race at Sonoma Raceway ( 685,000 ; ESPN2 ) .
The race , won by Ohio native Graham Rahal 30 years after his father , Bobby , won an Indy car race on the same Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course , was broadcast live earlier in the day on CNBC .
In total , the Aug. 2 telecasts on CNBC and NBCSN drew 838,000 viewers . It was the largest single-day viewership for INDYCAR since the ABC telecast of the second race of the Chevrolet Dual in Detroit on May 31 ( 1.2 million viewers ) . The 99th Running of the Indianapolis 500-Mile Race on ABC had an average of 6.4 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research , which was up 5 percent over 2014 and the highest viewership of the race since 2011 .
Ten drivers remain mathematically eligible for the Astor Cup – the Verizon IndyCar Series championship trophy – with two races remaining in the season . Both the ABC Supply 500 at Pocono Raceway on Aug. 23 and the GoPro Grand Prix of Sonoma on Aug. 30 will be telecast on NBCSN .
Rahal , driving for the team co-owned by his Indy car championship-winning father , TV icon David Letterman and business magnate Mike Lanigan , pulled to within nine points of championship front-runner and reigning Indianapolis 500 champion Juan Pablo Montoya of Team Penske with his second victory of the season . Three-time series champion Scott Dixon of Target Chip Ganassi Racing is 34 points out of first place .
Brandon Marshall slipped on the snug red apron and stepped inside the small kitchen housed in the back of The Salvation Army 's Harbor Light Center in downtown Denver . Awaiting him were tubs of chopped celery and onions , bags of stuffing mix and seasoning , and oversized cans of green beans and broth , all stacked high on a metal chef 's table .
For a few hours Tuesday afternoon Marshall traded in his job as an NFL linebacker for a new role and new arena : a volunteer chef , preparing Thanksgiving meals for those in need .
“ I love giving back to the community , ” he said . “ I love feeding the homeless , I love kids . I love all the events . Honestly , this is something that 's a no-brainer for me to do . ”
With the help of some of his Broncos teammates — running back Juwan Thompson , nose tackle Sylvester Williams , fellow linebacker Todd Davis and former offensive tackle Tyler Polumbus — Marshall prepared pans of stuffing , seasoned green beans and mashed potatoes that , on Thursday , will help feed nearly 2,000 people in a community meal at the Colorado Convention Center , and then at the individual Salvation Army facilities around the Denver area .
“ And it 's worth every penny , ” said chef James Prunty , who has worked with the Salvation Army for 38 years . “ There are a lot of unfortunate people out there now . ”
Two of those are Guadalupe Garcia , 37 , and Rocky Porco , 31 , a pair of diehard Broncos fans who reside at the Harbor Light facility and have turned to the Salvation Army for help in leaving their pasts on the streets .
“ The Salvation Army afforded me the opportunity to transition — with baby steps , which is what i needed , ” said Garcia . “ I met Rocky a month ago and we share a lot of the same experiences . To know that we can go through this together and both change our lives — and we 're from two different affiliations . Had it not been for this program , he and I probably never would have even talked before . ”
For Marshall , the Thanksgiving prep is now a two-year tradition . But the community service has long been a staple of his off-field efforts . It has for some of his other teammates , too .
Earlier Tuesday , some of his other teammates endured the cold and rain outside the Broncos ' stadium to assist the Denver Rescue Mission in distributing 2,500 Thanksgiving turkeys and food boxes to families in need .
So , I 'm going to summarize nine years of lessons that have come out of the Forge and indie rpg publishing , since they seem to be forgotten so easily .
How Not to Start
Funny , huh ? Starting with how not to start , right ? No seriously , do n't do these things :
Do n't ask people “ what kind of game you should make ? ”
The unspoken part of this question , is always the person looking to find out “ what 's marketable ” in the hopes of having success . Two problems : by the time you finish making the game , most of those people 's answers to that question might have changed , and second , “ the market ” is really too small for that to be a useful metric .
Make the game you want , because you want it . If you have passion for your game , at least SOME other people will buy into it . Who expected a game about Mormon gunslingers delivering mail to fit a market and become the best seller ?
Do n't ask questions about marketing , publishing , or printing before you have a game
Seriously , seriously , seriously . It 's definitely good to plan ahead , but it 's like designing the packaging for your product before you have a product .
More importantly , nearly everyone who STARTS with these questions usually have no idea about actual monetary numbers and realistic sales to expect back- if you find yourself starting here , STOP .
Most of the people who “ research ” this end up either using numbers for literary fiction or for RPG sales in the 80 's or the 90 's and almost always ask stuff like , “ Should I print 6,000 or 12,000 copies ? ” when really , you need to be thinking small , repeat print runs .
Stop , make a working game first . Ask people who have published already when your game is done or near done , but do n't waste time on it before-hand .
Do n't expect to make a living on this
Tied into the previous two Don'ts , they almost always come out of the idea that someone is hoping to make a living on this or find the “ magical hit ” that will springboard a new renaissance in roleplaying .
Yeah , no .
The ok games sell a few hundred copies . The big hits sell a few thousand copies . Luke Crane , who makes Burning Wheel , has sold enough to go full time . He 's also a professional editor and layout designer and has spent YEARS promoting his game .
Seriously , make your game , and plan on breaking even and probably getting some extra money , but you will be working or finding other means of support .
There is no magic bullet , there is no great idea waiting to be found that will bring in the millions to play rpgs .
If you can accept that , then great !
What is the point of your game ?
Decide for yourself , what you want your game to do . Think hard about it , and be ready to re-write that as you work on your game , not to change it , but to clarify it- for yourself and for others .
Being clear on this is going to inform everything you design , because either you 're adding stuff that supports that vision , adding stuff that detracts from that vision ( bad ) , or adding stuff that is neutral ( not always , but usually distracting and easily leads to bad ) .
You need to know :
– What your game is about
– What you expect people playing to DO , generally
– What kinds of stories/fiction should happen in this game
– What kinds of things should n't happen in this game
– What your rules do to support ALL of the above
When you post on the Forge , or any serious design space , this is what people are going to need to know . The same rule can be good in one game , and terrible in another game- based on what the point of your game IS .
If you do n't give a point , and then ask , “ Is my encumberance system good ? ” no one can tell you- because the point of the game determines if it would be supporting it or not .
Do n't make a game that can “ do anything ” !
I put this “ Do n't ” here , because it has to do with the focus of your game . If people ask , “ What do players do ? ” and your answer is , “ They can do anything they want ! ” you 've just said , “ Go play GURPs or freeform ! ” and said nothing about your game . It does n't promote freedom or flexibility- we 're all gamers with imagination- we can already do that without your rules .
You 're making a game because you 're trying to give a new play experience . What does that look like ? What would a GOOD example of play look like ? What -should- players do ?
Play vastly different RPGs
Artists look at art , musicians listen to music , writers read books- I do n't understand why people who look at designing games get stuck on NOT trying out new games .
Even if you decide to use nothing that you 've tried , you at least will have a better idea of what you are using works to do what you want .
I usually suggest people play Inspectres , Primetime Adventures , 1001 Nights , Breaking the Ice , and Shadow of Yesterday .
More generically , you should at least :
– Play an rpg that does n't have a GM but has rules
– Play an rpg that lets players narrate outcomes , taking over the “ GM 's seat ” for a bit
– Play an rpg that has stats for emotions or relationships
– Play an rpg that gives advancement on something other than defeating challenges
– Play an rpg that has rules for social conflicts
( The list above covers all of that , with games you can get a good feel for in a short , short run . )
Obviously , there 's a lot more stuff out there , but these are some basic things you should experience as a tabletop rpg designer , as much as a videogame programmer should probably have played a puzzle game , a platformer , a fighting game , an MMO , an RTS , and an rpg at some point – you do n't have to like everything , but it 's necessary to put you as minimally informed .
Playtesting
Playtest with different people . Have groups playtest without you present . You 're not just playtesting the mechanics , you 're playtesting the writing- if the group ca n't figure out how to do things , if they 're misunderstanding the rules , you need to fix your writing as much as the rules themselves .
Remember how you figured out what the point of your game was ? Being clear on communicating this means you 'll get more useful feedback from the playtest groups .
Being clear on it with yourself will help you sort the useful feedback from the pointless feedback – someone complaining that your soap opera love rpg does n't have enough weapon tables is not useful criticism for you to think about , no matter fervent or vocal they are .
If you keep in mind the point of your game , you can start reading between the lines and looking for what you really want- how well does the game support the point you 're trying to hit ? Where are the snags ? Are people confused about that point ? Can it be made more clearly ?
Publishing
Do you have a game ready to go ? No ? Go back until you do . Do you have a game ready to go ? Ok , then think about this .
Consider how much money you 're willing to lose . Yes , start with the worst assumption . That 's your budget . Consider selling PDF games , consider selling print-on-demand , consider small format , consider short print runs . Consider at what point you break even , and at what point you actually make money .
( If you give your game away for free , then all of this is pretty easy to understand . It 's kinda sad that the people who give games away for free are the ones who do n't go bankrupt , probably because they 're not counting on a gamble . )
Email people who have published . Get their info on what worked and what did n't work . Find out what their sales were like , before you commit to printing 6,000 units . Ask about business stuff at this point , because you have a working game , and you want to put it out there .
For some bizarre reason , people who show up on rpg publishing forums often ask business questions , but do n't actually , you know , email or PM the people who have published . A lot of them are really happy to give info and details- to recommend printers , to tell you about pitfalls , to give you ideas on what kind of sales they made and what you might expect .
No seriously , do n't reinvent THIS wheel , use the resources people offer . Get help , and the more money you 're investing the more people you should talk to . Do n't expect to make a living , do n't expect to make actual part time money .
You 're not on a contract or a deadline . Take as long as you want to make the game you want . You 're not forced to churn out a game a year , or so many books a quarter .
Good games keep selling over the course of years , crappy games are bought for novelty and not played much after the excitement wears off .
A study by Peking University says that empty-nest families are on the rise in China and that children are less likely to be able to care for their parents on a daily basis .
CRI 's Nate Schlabach has more .
Reporter :
Professor at Renmin University of China , Yang Juhua says that 's its becoming more and more difficult for young people to care for their parents because children are becoming more independent .
`` Traditionally in China the elderly were supported by their children economically and also emotionally in their daily life . In terms of finance and economic security I would say a worsening trend because the children and their parents do n't coe reside . But in terms of daily care �C yes �C that will be a problem and also in terms of emotional support . ''
Now according to the report the `` empty nest '' elderly make up roughly 13 % of families in China .
Director of this report , Li Jianxin , says with the increasing population of the one-child family . Family is becoming smaller and less nuclear .
He adds that the changes of lifestyle among young people are also contributing factors to the increase in empty-nest families .
Though Yang Juhua believes one of the biggest reasons for this change is because of residential shifts in the population .
`` Parents and children do not coe reside or there children are far away from their homes . In urban areas the kids tend to be more independent and they do n't coincide with their parents . For people in the countryside , cause you know the large-scale labor migration , the young kids are going to the cities leaving the elderly at home . Even they want to take care of their parents in person they are just simply not able to do so . ''
While the report believes that `` empty nests '' are still the minority , their potential rise could bring about a series of problems , including domestic service , provisions for the aged and spiritual care .
Because when the traditional family life model is removed who will be responsible for the elderly and whom can they depend on to make a living ?
Associate Professor of Sociology at Hubei University Dr. Zhang Jitao says this is a very important issue for China to resolve .
`` Giving more care to older people in empty nest environments is an imperative task for all sectors of the society . ''
Yang Juhua agrees and says she believes that Chinese leaders understand this and are working to create multiple solutions for the elderly .
`` The Chinese government is now trying to establish a long term care system or the elderly supporting system , like elderly homes . Also the government is trying to provide or to create a system that is community based .
But Yang adds that this kind of support system will take a long time to implement here in China .
For CRI I 'm Nate Schlabach
Bal ' a dash , malanore ! Barring any unforeseen issues , the next PTR build pushed out will contain the first iteration of the new models for both Male and Female Blood Elves.While we 're excited to share with you our progress on these new models , I do want to stress that the models , textures , and animations are not entirely finished . Bug fixing and iteration can and will occur , and that 's where you come in ! We 'd like to consolidate all feedback on the Blood Elf model updates to this thread , to make it easier for our Artists and QA team to read over your feedback , concerns , and bug reports . Constructive criticism is the best approach , and detailed , actionable feedback will help us the most ! Right now , the new models are more or less using the same facial geometry set - as in , all the males will have the same chin , eye shape , nose shape , etc . These are currently slated to be added to the models in an upcoming 6.1 build.For more information on what Facial Geometry Sets are , refer to the Artcraft posted last year . Please keep in mind that these different customization options are not yet complete when providing your feedback on the new models .
Caricature by DonkeyHotey flic.kr/p/Ct4G4K https : //creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/
Unlike Patterico , I will link Politico :
The Strange Authenticity of Hillary Clinton Read her book , and you realize she might have been the most authentic candidate out there—and maybe that was the problem . By Jeff Greenfield | September 20 , 2017 By now , you know the news nuggets from Hillary Clinton 's new campaign memoir , What Happened . You know that she blames herself for the most shocking upset in American political history , while indicting ( in varying degrees of anger and exasperation ) Bernie Sanders , James Comey , the New York Times , racism , cable news , sexism and Russia as co-conspirators .
No , I 'm afraid that I do n't know that “ she blames herself for the most shocking upset in American political history , ” do n't know that in the slightest . This clip from NBC 's Today show , a live interview on September 13 , 2017 , shows that denial :
“ Did you make enough mistakes yourself to lose the election without any of the other things you talk about ? ” @ MLauer to @ hillaryclinton pic.twitter.com/Ju4C1vS31K — TODAY ( @ TODAYshow ) September 13 , 2017
In case you missed it , the relevant passage was :
Matt Lauer : Did you make enough mistakes yourself to lose the election without any of the other things you talk about ? Hillary Clinton : Well , I will say no Matt .
It 's a bit difficult to take Mr Greenfield 's commentary seriously when he tells us , in his very first paragraph , something we all know is false .
You know that she was shellshocked for weeks after Election Day , turning to friends , yoga , inspirational homilies , her family and chardonnay , to ease herself back into the world .
Shell-shocked ? The woman who claimed that she was ready for the 3:00 AM phone call , the one to told us that told us she was the one leader who had what it takes to get every part of the job done , was “ shell-shocked for weeks ? ” ¹
But the real headline to come out of this book — a far more engaging read than the pablum-rich account of her years as secretary of state , Hard Choices — is that she has definitively answered the question that has been asked about her for more than a quarter-century : Who is she ? All through her public life , Clinton has been hobbled by the label “ inauthentic. ” Her changing hairstyles , her choice of baseball teams , her circle-the-wagons approach to the press — they 've all felt , to the public , like symptoms of the lack of a core . It 's almost as if Winston Churchill was anticipating her public persona when he proclaimed at a dinner table , “ this pudding has no theme. ” Her own loyal army of campaign aides seem to have been wrestling with this dilemma ; the best-seller Shattered , the post-mortem of her presidential campaign , is filled with accounts of desperate attempts to find a slogan , a stump speech , a campaign ad , that could communicate the essential Hillary . And her primal fear of being distorted — a fear with some rational basis — has led her to approach every public utterance as if she was at the edge of a cliff . Longtime aide Patti Solis Doyle said last year , “ You can see her think about the words coming out of her mouth , knowing she knows , ‘ I have to be careful about what I say . ' ” Her book suggests , though , that the person we 've seen over the past quarter-century , and the person we watched seek the presidency twice , is the authentic Hillary . In fact , to judge by her book , she may have been the most authentic person in the race . The lengthy analysis of why voters behaved as they did , the detailed accounts of the programs she intended to pursue as president , the ways in which racism and misogyny played out in blatant and subtle forms , all paint the picture of a very smart , deeply engaged self-described “ policy wonk , ” who is consumed by the need to conquer problems with an army of data-driven policies , and whose instinctive resistance to visionary politics proved to be one of her biggest handicaps in her ( presumably ) last run .
Huh ? Mr Greenfield tells us , in one paragraph , that Mrs Clinton has to be extremely careful in what she says , to provide no grist for the mill of criticism , yet in the next tells us that “ she may have been the most authentic person in the race. ” If she was “ the most authentic person in the race , ” why would “ ( h ) er own loyal army of campaign aides ” have been so perplexed in finding and communicating the “ authentic Hillary ? ” If her loyal campaign aides , who have known her for years , if her own husband , could n't figure out who she was , and how to present , “ the most authentic person in the race , ” how are we to ever believe that she was ?
Well , thanks to her book tour , we have seen the authentic Hillary Clinton . The Hillary Clinton who , for years , has been derided as never taking responsibility for failure , has spent the last several weeks blaming everyone but herself . Oh , sure , she has made the obligatory ‘ I made mistakes ' statement , right before launching into blaming everyone else .
But the temperature of the book really rises on two fronts : when she recounts , with specificity unlike any political memoir I 've read , precisely how and why she believes she was wronged , and when she revisits the ideas she had intended to offer as president .
“ How and why she believes she was wronged. ” Now that is the authentic Hillary Clinton , the one we see in the innumerable video clips from her book tour , where she is blaming everybody else for her loss . We were told , over and over and over again , that it was her race to lose , that Donald Trump had no path to victory , yet she still lost it .
And that is the key to understanding the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee : deeply down , she truly believed that the White House was hers , that she was owed the election victory , it was her f ( ornicating ) turn , damn it , and in losing the election she was not just beaten by a political neophyte , but wronged , wronged by James Comey and Matt Lauer and The New York Times and the white women who were supposed to vote with their genitals rather than their brains — they “ disrespected themselves , ” do n't you know — the “ basket of deplorables , and husbands and boyfriends telling their wives and girlfriends that there 's no sense wasting their votes on her , she 's going to be in jail .
Mr Greenfield was wrong . As much as Mrs Clinton and her campaign tried to hide it , Americans did know the “ authentic ” Hillary Clinton , and that is why she lost .
_____________________________
Cross-posted on The First Street Journal .
_____________________________
¹ – With some irony , the next Youtube that came on my computer while getting the link for the second add was Richard Wagner 's Ride of the Valkyries . That was picked due to my playlist .
Left : Katy Chatel lies with her newborn son as her sisters and friends surround her during the birth party . ( Kimm Sun Top : A midwife checks Jessey 's health moments after his birth on July 13 , 2013 . Bottom : Katy Chatel holds Jessey at one week old . )
Katy Chatel is a writer and single mother by choice living with her son in Philadelphia .
WARNING : This essay contains graphic anatomical descriptions .
“ It 's the ring of fi-ire ! ” I hiss-growled through my teeth as I bore down for a push deep enough to turn my insides out . I knew I was in the most painful stage of birth , when the thickest part of my baby 's head was emerging . I heard a chorus of celebratory laughter and relieved moans around me , the same voices that had crooned and chanted through the last 16 hours of my labor . By this point , I was naked and exhausted , my legs splayed and hair matted to my forehead .
I had been falling asleep between contractions that were less than 30 seconds apart . When I opened my eyes , the gathering of people I had invited to watch me give birth for the first time was still packed into my living room . I did n't want a hospital birth or medicine . Eventually , I did n't want privacy , either . I had invited a dozen people to the birth party and most of them came , including my best guy friend from high school , my two younger sisters , and a collection of friends from various stages of my life . Two of them had hopped on planes from California and Las Vegas when my contractions got strong enough to keep me awake .
Being a single mom , I felt it was especially important for my son , Jessey , to enter the world surrounded by friends and family . I did n't want to be alone in my pain , but more importantly , I wanted others to share the experience of his birth . I wanted a village around him . I wanted it to be a party .
I sent invitations on burgundy scrapbooking paper stamped with a field of poppies and told each person why I wanted him or her there . I asked for flowers and takeout food . I needed yoga coaching and someone to fill and empty the birthing tub . I demanded ocean sounds and pictures . I asked for everyone to brush their teeth and skip the perfume . I warned that there would be nudity .
Katy Chatel lies with her newborn son , Jessey .
I was n't sure who would come . But even as the temperature rose to 85 degrees in my Brooklyn apartment with no air conditioning , everyone stayed and became intimate participants in Jessey 's birth . They stood with me while I was on the toilet trying to poop to help get Jessey down . They blended a cod liver and orange juice drink that 's said to help bring on stronger contractions and watched as I slugged it down in a baby panda mug . My friend Rebekah helped a midwife wrap my belly in another friend 's scarf for rebozo sifting . Between contractions I swayed with my high school friend Josh like an awkward middle school slow dance between two gay friends . They all took turns holding an electric breast pump to my nipples trying to stimulate my contractions when they were n't strong enough .
After hours of this , the critical moment finally came .
“ You can do it , Katy. ” My midwife , Kimm , pointed her index and middle fingers at her eyes then mine , then back to hers , as my coach . “ This is it . Home stretch . Come on , pu-ush ! ”
Josh pushed against my bare back as I sat reclining on a mattress . Each of my sisters held one of my legs firmly , giving me the physical and emotional support I needed to dig in for another push . My college friend Samantha had a camera rolling . Joyce , who had flown in from California , crouched down trying to see how far the baby 's head had emerged . And Rebekah was somewhere close saying , “ You 've got this , ” and wetting another towel for my head .
“ Now ! Now ! Now ! ” came Kimm 's voice . “ I want you on your hands and knees , now ! ”
It took me what seemed like a very long time to register she was talking to me . With my baby 's head halfway out , my muscles shaky with fatigue and adrenaline , my friends helped me turn from my back to my hands and knees .
“ Reach down and catch your baby , ” Kimm said .
Bracing myself with one shaky arm , I reached down and felt the warm mat of his hair coated in amniotic sac . Then his body slipped onto to the mattress beneath me . A purple-grey baby .
“ Thirty seconds , ” said Michelle , the birthing assistant , counting the time that passed without an audible breath from my baby . Kimm put her mouth over his mouth and nose and sucked .
Katy Chatel poses with her son , Jessey , at 12 months old . ( Geoffrey Short )
He was going to be alright . I could tell in his expression , in the feeling of him . I rubbed the palm of his spindly left hand . “ It 's okay , sweetie , ” I whispered . “ You 're in the air . You can breathe now . ”
Before anyone noticed , I could see his color turning pinker . Michelle called out again , “ 30 seconds. ” Kimm rubbed him gently with a towel . Finally , I heard his first sound of life , a soft wheezing like a stuffed toy with a noisemaker . As my friends encircled him , Jessey began to mimic their moaning sounds . He became part of the community . He joined the party .
This all may seem wildly unconventional , but the truth is that my son 's birth was more traditional and more nurturing than standard hospital births . This is the way it should be : A laboring woman at home , surrounded by a devoted team of friends and family , each person bringing fresh and familiar energy ; a baby born into the world surrounded by love instead of the glare of florescent lights and masked strangers . Being at home meant the data collection could wait until we bonded for a couple hours . My sister Annie weighed him in a cloth sack after we all made estimations . My midwife tucked us into my own bed before she went home .
It did n't matter that I was naked or that my friend tried to stuff my hemorrhoids back as I pushed harder . It did n't matter that at first I had on my bottom-of-the-drawer ugly underwear and puked into my sister 's hands . The more I let go , the more they came in . There was nothing to feel shame about . I well up with a mix of awe , pride and gratitude thinking of the remarkable friendships I have .
After the birth , my sisters drove four hours home , Rebekah walked the few blocks to her apartment , and Joyce laid down . Samantha , Josh and I sat at the table , with the baby , eating take-out Thai food at midnight . Then Josh fell asleep on the couch and Samantha fell asleep face-first horizontally across her bed , my blood smeared and dried on her calves . I walked around the apartment with a fizzy alertness . For more than a decade , I had tried to conceive through various methods . This round of intrauterine insemination with a donor 's sperm had finally been successful . Since childhood , I had wished for this moment , for the magical appearance of a baby . I finally had one—and a wonderful community for him to call family .
Three male soccer players at a suburban Boston high school were arrested Friday on charges they sexually assaulted three younger campers at a school sports camp in western Massachusetts , authorities said .
Berkshire District Attorney David Capeless said the assaults allegedly occurred Sunday at Camp Lenox in Otis , where Somerville was holding an annual team-building retreat . He said the three Somerville High School juniors , members of the boy 's junior varsity team , assaulted three freshmen in a cabin .
Capeless said 17-year-old Galileo Mondol and two 16-year-old juveniles were arrested Friday . Mondol is charged with one count of aggravated rape of a child under 16 , two counts of assault with intent to rape a child under 16 , one count of indecent assault and battery , three counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and three counts of intimidation . The juveniles are facing similar charges . It 's not known if they have attorneys . They are to be arraigned Tuesday in Pittsfield .
“ These are terrible allegations . I 'm disturbed and appalled that they may have happened , ” Somerville Mayor Joseph Curtatone said at a news conference Friday , the Boston Herald reported . “ Be clear on this — these allegations go far beyond hazing . This is rape . ”
Curtatone is a volunteer coach with the high school 's varsity football team and was among 24 adult chaperones at the camp , according to the Boston Herald .
Somerville officials said they learned of the allegations Tuesday and immediately told authorities . They said the investigation indicates it was an isolated incident .
School Superintendent Tony Pierantozzi said 161 students attended the camp , with 19 adult supervisors . He said those included 61 soccer players and 8 supervisors .
`` All of us , frankly , are horrified at these allegations , '' Pierantozzi said Friday at a news conference in Somerville with the mayor and other school officials . `` We will ensure to the best of our ability that everyone and anyone who needs support will have it . ''
The Boston Herald reported that Mondol is being held on $ 100,000 bail and will be arraigned as an adult Tuesday in Central Berkshire District Court in Pittsfield .
“ We will plead not guilty Tuesday because my client is not guilty , ” Mondol 's attorney William Korman told the paper . “ He has absolutely no criminal history . He has never been in trouble before . We steadfastly maintain his innocence . His parents support him 100 percent . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here for more from the Boston Herald .
Click here for more from MyFoxBoston.com .
After 12 years of being a private , family-owned business , headphone manufacturer V-Moda is being acquired by Roland — another company with deep roots in music electronics . Roland is buying a 70 percent stake , leaving 30 percent ownership with V-Moda founder Val Kolton .
Kolton will remain on as CEO after the merger ; both brands will remain separate , letting V-Moda hold onto its strong reputation with audiophiles . The company has also fared well with Amazon customer reviews ; its headphones like the Crossfade M-100 and more recently the Crossfade Wireless all have an average review rating well above four stars . Roland , meanwhile , has been one of the most iconic names in music equipment since the '70s , creating the iconic TR-808 drum machine ( thus the timing of today 's announcement ) plus many other synthesizers and instruments .
Despite that name recognition , Kolton recently told The Verge there are no plans to add Roland to any packaging on its products . This is less about co-branding than it is finding an established , well-regarded partner capable of expanding V-Moda 's scale and backing the company 's premium headphones with more engineering resources . `` It allows us to launch products that we 've created that we did n't have the resources to do before , '' he said . `` On the collaboration side , we get to collaborate with Roland on more products that are music instrument related and electronic / dance related . ''
One of the first new products set to come from the combined Roland / V-Moda will be a Bluetooth speaker called the V-Moda Remix . Kolton do n't have a unit to show me in New York , but promised `` multiple world firsts '' in terms of features . The Remix will be priced at around $ 300 and is being positioned as a `` luxury , high end '' speaker — so it 's not exactly meant to compete with more mainstream products like the UE Boom 2 . Other products will also debut in the coming months . Aside from the 70 / 30 splits , specific financial details around Roland 's purchase of V-Moda are confidential .
Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly said Thursday that members of Congress have tried to “ threaten ” him over his department 's stepped up enforcement of the immigration laws they wrote , and called for even stiffer laws to punish sanctuary cities and repeat-illegal immigrants .
Mr. Kelly said he was “ offended ” by those lawmakers — who he did n't name — who he said “ often threaten me and my officers ” when they try to enforce laws that call for the deportation of illegal immigrants .
It 's the latest blunt criticism from the retired Marine general , who has previously told members of Congress to “ shut up ” rather than criticize him over the laws they wrote .
He appeared Thursday on Capitol Hill with Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other Republicans , hours before the House was slated to vote on two new crackdown laws .
One would increase penalties on illegal immigrants who have been deported yet sneaked back into the U.S. and later committed other crimes . That bill is named Kate 's law , after Kathryn Steinle , the woman killed by an illegal immigrant two years ago while walking the San Francisco waterfront with her father .
The other new bill would punish so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to let authorities cooperate with federal immigration officers trying to deport illegal immigrants .
SEE ALSO : House passes the toughest illegal immigration crackdown in two decades with aid of some Democrats
Mr. Kelly said sanctuary cities are n't actually sanctuaries , but rather make their communities more dangerous by shielding illegal immigrants .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
“ Everyone 's afraid of Amazon , ” said Richard Curtis , a longtime agent who is also an e-book publisher . “ If you 're a bookstore , Amazon has been in competition with you for some time . If you 're a publisher , one day you wake up and Amazon is competing with you too . And if you 're an agent , Amazon may be stealing your lunch because it is offering authors the opportunity to publish directly and cut you out .
“ It 's an old strategy : divide and conquer , ” Mr. Curtis said .
Amazon executives , interviewed at the company 's headquarters here , declined to say how many editors the company employed , or how many books it had under contract . But they played down Amazon 's power and said publishers were in love with their own demise .
“ It 's always the end of the world , ” said Russell Grandinetti , one of Amazon 's top executives . “ You could set your watch on it arriving . ”
He pointed out , though , that the landscape was in some ways changing for the first time since Gutenberg invented the modern book nearly 600 years ago . “ The only really necessary people in the publishing process now are the writer and reader , ” he said . “ Everyone who stands between those two have both risk and opportunity . ”
Amazon has started giving all authors , whether it publishes them or not , direct access to highly coveted Nielsen BookScan sales data , which records how many physical books they are selling in individual markets like Milwaukee or New Orleans . It is introducing the sort of one-on-one communication between authors and their fans that used to happen only on book tours . It made an obscure German historical novel a runaway best seller without a single professional reviewer weighing in .
Publishers caught a glimpse of a future they fear has no role for them late last month when Amazon introduced the Kindle Fire , a tablet for books and other media sold by Amazon . Jeffrey P. Bezos , the company 's chief executive , referred several times to Kindle as “ an end-to-end service , ” conjuring up a world in which Amazon develops , promotes and delivers the product .
For a sense of how rattled publishers are by Amazon 's foray into their business , consider the case of Kiana Davenport , a Hawaiian writer whose career abruptly derailed last month .
Photo
In 2010 Ms. Davenport signed with Riverhead Books , a division of Penguin , for “ The Chinese Soldier 's Daughter , ” a Civil War love story . She received a $ 20,000 advance for the book , which was supposed to come out next summer .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If writers have one message drilled into them these days , it is this : hustle yourself . So Ms. Davenport took off the shelf several award-winning short stories she had written 20 years ago and packaged them in an e-book , “ Cannibal Nights , ” available on Amazon .
When Penguin found out , it went “ ballistic , ” Ms. Davenport wrote on her blog , accusing her of breaking her contractual promise to avoid competing with it . It wanted “ Cannibal Nights ” removed from sale and all mentions of it deleted from the Internet .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Davenport refused , so Penguin canceled her novel and has said it will pursue legal action if she does not return the advance .
“ They 're trying to set an example : If you self-publish and distribute with Amazon , you do so at your own risk , ” said Jan Constantine , a lawyer with the Authors Guild who has represented Ms. Davenport .
The writer knows her crime : “ Sleeping with the enemy. ” Penguin declined to comment .
If some writers are suffering collateral damage , others are benefiting from this new setup . Laurel Saville was locked out by the old system , when New York publishers were the gatekeepers . “ I got lots and lots of praise but no takers , ” said Ms. Saville , 48 , a business writer who lives in Little Falls , N.Y .
Two years ago she decided to pay for the publication of her memoir about her mother 's descent from California beauty queen to street person to murder victim . She spent about $ 2,200 , which yielded sales of 600 copies . Not horrible but far from earth-shaking .
Last fall , Ms. Saville paid $ 100 to be included in a Publishers Weekly list of self-published writers . The magazine ended up reviewing her memoir , giving it a mixed notice that nevertheless caught the attention of Amazon editors . They sent Ms. Saville an e-mail offering to republish the book . It got an editorial once-over , a new cover and a new title : “ Unraveling Anne. ” It will be published next month .
Ms. Saville did not get any money upfront , as she would have if a traditional publisher had picked up her memoir . In essence , Amazon has become her partner .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I assume they want to make a lot of money off the book , which is encouraging to me , ” said Ms. Saville , who negotiated her deal without an agent .
Her contract has a clause that forbids her from discussing the details , which is not traditional in publishing . The publicity plans for the book are also secret .
Can Amazon secretly create its own best sellers ? “ The Hangman 's Daughter ” was an e-book hit . Amazon bought the rights to the historical novel by a first-time writer , Oliver Pötzsch , and had it translated from German . It has now sold 250,000 digital copies .
“ The great and fascinating thing about Amazon 's publishing program is that there can be these grass-roots phenomena , ” said Bruce Nichols of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , which republished the novel this summer .
Ms. Saville no longer even contemplates a career with a traditional publisher . “ They had their shot , ” she said . She is now writing a novel . “ My hope is Amazon will think it 's wonderful and we 'll go happily off into the publishing sunset , ” she said .
San Jose police officers doing a routine check of a Vietnamese coffee shop Sunday evening cited three young female workers who they said were serving patrons while topless .
The women , ages 22 , 22 and 23 , are employees of the Quyen Cafe , located at 1692 Tully Road , according to police . The women were accused of public nudity , a violation of municipal code , and will have to appear in criminal court , according to officer Jose Garcia .
Because the women were cited and not arrested , police did not release their names .
A woman who answered the cafe 's phone said she did n't work this weekend and then passed the phone to another woman who said the charges were n't true . Neither would identify themselves , and the second woman would not answer questions .
Garcia said the officers were in full uniform when they walked into the coffee shop about 8:30 p.m. and immediately saw the topless servers .
Quyen Cafe is one of about 20 coffee shops concentrated in a 3-square-mile area of a Vietnamese business area bounded by Story and Tully roads that recently drew public ire for using scantily clad or seminude female servers .
“ The police department is aware that some establishments have had employees working as waitresses or bartenders while seminude or topless , ” said Garcia , adding that in some cases workers have worn transparent clothing .
The owners of the Quyen Café , were not cited by police . However , “ that 's not to say the city wo n't take action down the road , ” Garcia said .
Contact Mark Gomez at 408-920-5869 .
A 42-year-old San Diego man who went missing while surfing near Pacific Beach likely drowned , and his body may have been attacked by a shark after death , a lifeguard official said Thursday .
A 42-year-old San Diego man who went missing while surfing near Pacific Beach likely drowned , and his body may have been attacked by a shark after death , a lifeguard official said Thursday .
Body of missing surfer recovered with shark bites
Body of missing surfer recovered with shark bites
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) — Authorities say a surfer whose shark-bitten body washed ashore in San Diego committed suicide .
The county medical examiner 's office announced Monday that Brandon Beaver drowned himself .
The 42-year-old San Diego man went missing off Tourmaline Surf Park Beach around sunset on May 8 .
U-T San Diego says lifeguards found his wetsuit wrapped around his surfboard .
His body had shark bites when it was found in the surf the next day .
However , the medical examiner 's office determined that the bites were made after Beaver 's death .
___
Information from : U-T San Diego , http : //www.utsandiego.com
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press .
The loss of the Russian market is a blow to Australian cherry growers .
There are continuing concerns about the effect of Russian sanctions on Australian food exports .
Russia has banned fruit , vegetables , meat and dairy imports from Australia and several other western nations for a year , in retaliation to sanctions imposed over the crisis in Ukraine .
Australian dairy exporters are closely watching what the European Union does with excess dairy produce that would have been sent to Russia .
The EU zone produces a third of the world 's dairy products and supplies about 90 per cent of around 600,000 tonnes of dairy product sold into Russia .
Audio Player failed to load . Try to Download directly ( 1.69 MB ) Space to play or pause , M to mute , left and right arrows to seek , up and down arrows for volume . Download ( 1.69 MB )
Load more chevron right
Dairy Australia 's group manager of trade and industry strategy , Charlie McElhone , says Europe could send its produce into other international markets in competition with Australian dairy exporters .
Mr McElhone says Europe could also increase subsidies for its farmers , which could cut world dairy prices .
`` We 're very cognisant that the European Union does have a couple of levers at their disposal , the main one being export subsidies , which they use infrequently , but when they use it is a negative on the international market situation , '' Mr McElhone said .
`` We saw that used just after the global financial crisis , and obviously ( it ) acts to further depress international prices at time when there is already instability .
`` Ultimately , when you come to exporters like Australia who depend on those international markets for their domestic price setting , that 's obviously not a positive thing for us . ''
However , Mr McElhone says world demand for dairy is strong at the moment
`` There are still some strong indicators in terms of demand coming through . It 's not a time to be panicking at this stage . ''
He says it 's not yet known what will happen to Australian dairy produce which was on its way to Russia when the trade bans were announced .
The exporters are still working very closely with the Australian Government to get clarity on what will need to happen with those goods .
`` Will it be allowed through ? Bearing in mind that it was already on the water before this announcement was made , will it need to be redirected ? All those questions are still uncertain at this point . ''
Stranded oranges
Citrus Australia says twenty container loads of oranges already heading to Russia will have to be diverted to lower value markets .
Market development manager for the peak industry body for citrus growers , Andrew Harty , says the shipments left from Melbourne with fruit from Victoria , New South Wales and South Australia .
`` Right now there 's going to be some pain for the exporters . There 's seven or eight companies that have in total around 20 containers in transit on the way to Russia .
Audio Player failed to load . Try to Download directly ( 2.02 MB ) Space to play or pause , M to mute , left and right arrows to seek , up and down arrows for volume . Download ( 2.02 MB )
Load more chevron right
`` New buyers will have to be found , so invariably it will end up at some lower value market and that means that eventually the return to the farmgate is going to be less . ''
Last year , the Australian citrus trade into Russia last year was worth $ 2.4 million , which has almost tripled in the last four years .
The fruit currently on its way to Russia has been sourced from growers in the so-called 'tri-state ' region - the Riverland in South Australia , Sunraysia in Victoria and the NSW Riverina .
Mr Harty says that finding new markets for this fruit , which takes about one month to be shipped to Russia , is complicated .
`` There 's going to be a really messy situation now . Citrus is usually sold on a fixed price arrangement , so there is already an agreement in place by the buyer and exporter before the ship sails from Australia .
`` But of course that will all have to be renegotiated now with the buyers in Russia . New buyers will have to be found .
`` It 's never a great position to be in when you 've got product that you 're under pressure to sell .
`` Citrus is a perishable product , so every week longer that it is in transit is less time you 've got to sell it while it is in good fresh condition , '' Mr Harty said .
Blow for cherry growers
The New South Wales Cherry Growers Association says the ban could damage long term access into what is the biggest cherry export market in the world
NSW Cherry Growers Association 's Scott Coupland says that while only 66 tonnes of cherries headed into that market last year , it has huge potential .
`` The Russian export market is very large .
`` They 'll actually import up to 80,000 tonnes of cherries and the potential is enormous , given when we do produce cherries there 's no one else in the world producing cherries at that same time .
`` There 's been somebody that has actually been exporting to that market and trying to develop that market .
`` They 've put a lot of time , effort and resources into that market . ''
Mr Coupland , from Young in the southern highlands of NSW , says that there will also be a knock-on effect over summer as other fruit intended for Russia could remain on the domestic market .
`` Cherry exports into Russia only amount to about 2 per cent of our export market .
`` However , given the fact that we produce a lot of mangoes , stone fruit , apples are coming on stream , that puts a bit of pressure on the domestic market and can pull the price down if it stays on the domestic market . ''
RSPCA slams 'idiot ' who let dogs out of Townsville adoption centre
Updated
The RSPCA has slammed the person or people who broke into its animal rescue centre in Townsville , north-east Queensland , and set 31 dogs free .
About 30 volunteers and employees have been searching the suburbs of Shaw and Bohle for the dogs since 6:30am .
So far they have found 21 dogs and are continuing to search for the remaining 10 .
Staff arrived at Townsville Animal Care Centre this morning to find all the doors open and the dogs gone , spokesman Michael Beatty said .
`` Unfortunately some idiot has decided it would be a good idea to break into the shelter ... and let out all the adoption dogs , '' he said .
`` Thirty-one dogs were on the loose this morning .
`` It 's just a totally irresponsible thing to do . ''
Mr Beatty said the RSPCA had called in every available volunteer to help find the dogs .
He asked members of the public to keep an eye out for any loose dogs in the suburb of Shaw and the surrounding area .
`` If they do find a dog running loose , they 're all micro-chipped , if they could either bring them into the shelter or give us a call , '' Mr Beatty said .
`` We just need to recover the dogs .
`` They were all dogs that were looking for homes . ''
Mr Beatty said the person or people who broke into the shelter had no regard for the dogs or the employees and volunteers who work at the shelter .
`` You 've effectively ruined any form of Easter for staff and volunteers , '' he said .
`` You 've also put the lives of those dogs at risk , if they wander out toward the highway . ''
The centre 's assistant manager , Jacinta Wight , said staff were angry and disappointed when they arrived at work this morning .
`` It 's just shocking , no-one can understand why anyone would do this , '' she said .
`` We were hoping to get all the dogs new homes today , being a long weekend .
`` We had an immediate response from our volunteers and foster carers . ''
A Queensland police spokesman said the incident was being investigated .
Topics : community-and-society , law-crime-and-justice , crime , animals , human-interest , animal-welfare , townsville-4810 , qld
First posted
They stand still for an hour on the parade grounds at the Defense Ministry in Berlin , their uniforms fastidiously straightened , their faces concentrated - the 430 recruits whose public vow is something of a history lesson . The young men and women have just joined the Bundeswehr , the German army , having volunteered for service on July 1 .
Three weeks later , they participate in a very special day : solemnly they will swear their oaths in front of TV cameras , German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen , and 2,000 invited guests .
A military band plays , a guard battalion marches , and an honored guest addresses the young men and women , warning them to preserve the legacy of July 20 , 1944 - the date that Claus von Stauffenberg 's plot to murder Adolf Hitler at the `` Wolf 's Lair '' headquarters failed .
After that they vow , in unison , to `` faithfully serve the Federal Republic of Germany and bravely defend the justice and freedom of the German people . '' As they do so , six of them lay their hands on the German flag in the name of all recruits .
Remembering the men of July 20
Von Kleist is one of the few surviving plotters
The parade ground at the Bendlerblock hosts this ceremonial vow every July 20 , in honor of the officers who tried - and failed - to topple Hitler 's regime . Stauffenberg and some of his coconspirators were summarily executed only a stone 's throw from the spot where the soldiers make their oath . Today , the road that leads to Defense Ministry is named after him .
Stauffenberg 's son Berthold was 10 years old at the time of his father 's execution . He and his siblings also had to pay for Stauffenberg 's actions - they were separated from their mother and made to live in a children 's home . Berthold Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg , who became a Bundeswehr officer himself later , saw his father and the other men of July 20 , 1944 , vilified as traitors long after the war .
It was only in 1954 that President Theodor Heuss rehabilitated the legacy of the Bundeswehr 's resistance against Hitler . `` Some acts of insubordination have historical importance , '' he said in an epoch speech that the government printed and distributed millions of copies of .
The newly-founded German army of 1955 picked up the tradition of those soldiers who put their conscience above their military obedience . `` Their spirit and their attitude is our model , '' the first chief of the new German military , Adolf Heusinger , wrote in 1959 in a call to his commanders .
Limits of obedience
The army 's close ties to the constitution and the ideal of `` citizens in uniform '' have their roots in the military resistance to the Nazi dictatorship . `` The actions of a soldier are always tied to the duty to protect the inviolable dignity of every human being , '' said former Defense Minister Franz Josef Jung at a previous July 20 ceremony . `` So orders and obedience have clear boundaries . The men of the military resistance respected these boundaries . ''
One of these men was Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist , one of the few plotters to escape with his life . At the 2010 ceremony , he talked about the conspirators ' motives . He said they had been deeply shamed by the crimes committed in the name of the German people , and had wanted to `` end the horrible killing . '' There had also been the hope , von Kleist said , that it would be possible to tell the world `` that not everything had to be accepted . ''
Peace protesters occasionally disturb proceedings
Von Kleist went on to found the annual Munich Security Conference , which seeks to foster dialogue between the military and the politicians . Today the Bundeswehr is under parliamentary control to such an extent that the oath ceremony takes place in front of the parliament building every other year .
Moving speeches
It 's likely some of the speeches stayed in the minds of the young recruits for some time . In 2008 , former Chancellor Helmut Schmidt told of how , as a soldier in 1944 , he was forced to watch the show trial of the July 20 plotters . It was only then , he said , that he understood the criminal nature of the Nazi regime . And yet he continued to follow his orders , like millions of other soldiers .
`` Unfortunately it remains true that we humans are easily deluded , '' he said . For that reason , it was both morally and politically necessary to learn from history . `` This state will not misuse you , '' Schmidt had told the new recruits .
The first foreign guest to speak at the ceremony was Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski , who appeared in 2002 . The sight of a German military uniform still causes unease in Poland - but Kwasniewski paid tribute to the `` peace bringing '' Bundeswehr that builds on the legacy of the resistance , which had shown `` true patriotism and courage . ''
Not entirely public
Although the ceremony is broadcast live on TV , only invited guests appear on the stage : relatives , politicians , and soldiers . Because of protests in the past - such as by the anti-military movement Gelöbnix - the surrounding streets are cordoned off .
In 2001 , two demonstrators got into the ceremony with the help of a hired limousine , by pretending they were the daughters of then-Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping .
MLS Spotlight : Nick Lima 's rookie season is off to a dream start
San Jose Earthquakes fullback Nick Lima is one of the few rookies in MLS with a regular starting role , and he 's used it to help San Jose start 2-0 .
Nick Lima loved to score goals . That 's a trait shared by pretty much all soccer players but especially forwards , which is the position Lima played growing up . That love led him all the way to Pac-12 power California , but it did n't take his college coach long to see a different future for Lima – one that would be centered more around preventing goals than scoring them .
When Cal head coach Kevin Grimes told Lima he saw a future for him at right back , Lima was n't sure the switch was a good idea . When he saw the possibilities , though , Lima jumped in with both feet and now , less than four years later , the change has helped him realize his dream of playing as a professional for his hometown .
`` It was hard to grasp at first , but it only took a few days to understand why he did it , '' Lima told Goal of the position change that shifted the course of his destiny . `` Kevin Grimes is a phenomenal coach and a smart guy and I was up for the challenge . It took a couple of months , but by the start of my sophomore year I had embraced it . Obviously the skill set , and getting comfortable with the position takes a while . I 'm still learning . There 's still stuff to learn every day , especially when you make the jump to the next level . ''
Article continues below
Lima has made the jump to the pros look easier than most do . He has grabbed the starting right back spot with the Earthquakes and turned heads across the league as one of the most impressive rookies in the early part of the 2017 season . In his pro debut , Lima had the task of facing off against star Ignacio Piatti , widely regarded as the best left winger in . Lima helped shut down Piatti , who failed to register a single shot on goal or successful cross in a 1-0 Earthquakes victory .
Twellman calls for brain injury revolution
Lima 's second pro game did n't go quite as smoothly . He was beaten on a goal sequence that put the Earthquakes in a 2-0 hole against Vancouver , and he committed a handful of turnovers . His night changed quickly though , as San Jose rallied after a Whitecaps red card . Lima tied the score with the first goal of his career and San Jose went on to win 3-2 . In just his second pro game , Lima earned man of the match honors .
“ I think he 's playing pretty well , ” Earthquakes coach Dominic Kinnear said of Lima . “ We are encouraging him to get forward because we think that 's a good part of his game . There 's just a little bit of spotlight on him because he 's a young guy and he 's playing well and he scored a nice goal for us . ”
Lima 's early success has him looking like a strong Rookie of the Year candidate , and has the Earthquakes excited about a homegrown player signing who has spent much of his young life rooting for the Earthquakes and playing in their academy . It was six years ago when Lima was one of four Earthquakes academy players who traveled with the first team to training camp in .
Lima 's lengthy history in the Earthquakes academy did n't stop some MLS teams from disputing San Jose 's homegrown claim in an attempt to have Lima made available in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft . Those disputes were ultimately tossed out , paving the way for San Jose to make Lima the second homegrown player signing in team history , joining Tommy Thompson .
So what has Lima enjoying such a smooth transition to the pros ? Earthquakes technical director Chris Leitch , who signed Lima last fall , and who spent 10 seasons playing as a right back in MLS , sees a player with all the qualities to be an elite-level player at the position .
`` First and foremost he 's a competitor , '' Leitch told Goal . `` The kid can out-jump most anyone , and speed wise you 're not going to outdo him . Those things are going to make sure he can compete in this league , but the thing that 's going to make him shine is that he also has really good quality on the ball . He 's got a midfielder 's touch and vision , a forward 's shot , and he can cross like an out-and-out winger . ''
The Earthquakes almost did n't get the chance to sign Lima if he had chosen to go the European route , which was an option . He spent a large part of last summer training in Europe , and Norwegian power Molde was very interested , with one source telling Goal that the club extended a contract offer .
`` There was interest when I was there , in the summer heading into my senior year , but I had heard that there was an opportunity for the homegrown route to work in San Jose , '' Lima said . `` I considered making Molde work , but the biggest thing was graduating and finishing out my degree , and also getting a full college season in . I wanted to come back and finish that off , and see where the homegrown route went .
`` it 's my home , and that 's where I grew up . I wanted to be a part of this growth in MLS , in my home country . I could n't be more happy . ''
Lima counts several mentors as being key to his development as a player , and one might surprise people . He was a teammate at Cal of U.S. Under-20 national team goalkeeper Jonathan Klinsmann , and the two have become close friends . Along the way , Jonathan 's father , former U.S. national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann , has helped mentor Lima .
`` Jurgen is one of the nicest guys I 've ever met , and he 's been just instrumental in helping me and mentoring me in my career , '' Lima said . `` He 's guided me along the process , told me pros and cons for each choice . For a guy like him , who 's been through it all at the highest levels , it 's good to get his perspective on things , and what to do , and how to interact with the team , with the community off the field , along with what to do performance wise . ''
Lima 's impressive start has already started to generate buzz about his U.S. national team future , and earned him some comparisons to right back Keegan Rosenberry , who enjoyed a standout season as a rookie in 2016 and earned a national team call-up in January .
`` I 've seen what ( Rosenberry has ) done , obviously hats off to him , he 's a phenomenal player , '' Lima said . `` I 've always dreamt as a kid of being on the national team . If I keep performing , and if I get the opportunity and get lucky enough to get a call , I 'd be ecstatic for that , but my main focus is San Jose , and worry about that stuff rolls around . ''
Lima is modest about his potential , but is n't nearly as modest when talking about the Earthquakes , who are one of three MLS teams to start the season 2-0 ( The and they are the others ) .
`` This is a talented team , and a new team , and winning an MLS Cup is definitely a possibility , '' Lima said . `` There 's something special in San Jose this year . We just have to keep getting better , but it 's something we can do . I know it 's a long season , and there 'll be hiccups , but the goal is to get back into the playoffs , and making it back to MLS Cup , where San Jose has some history . ''
Iceland , it seems , is full of hidden poets .
When they 're not at their day jobs , a great many of the island 's 330,000 inhabitants dabble in verse , including politicians , businessmen , horse breeders and scientists who study the genetic isolation of the island in pursuit of medical breakthroughs . Even David Oddsson , who was prime minister in 2002 ( when Iceland 's banks were privatized ) and central bank governor in 2008 ( when they collapsed ) , is a poet by training .
Birgitta Jonsdottir , the leader of the anarchist-leaning Pirate Party , which did well in a recent general election , describes herself rather loftily as a “ poetician. ” Her first published poem , “ Black Roses , ” written when she was 14 , is about a nuclear holocaust .
Kari Stefansson , one of the world 's leading geneticists and the founder of Decode Genetics , recalled a poem he wrote in 1996 , a few months after the birth of Dolly , the cloned sheep .
“ I was a little bit depressed , ” Mr. Stefansson said in his office , which , with its slit windows and computer screens , looked a bit like the interior of a spaceship . “ One of my ways to deal with that was to write a small poem , ” he said , before proceeding to recite it :
Where do I find , lost in the brightness of a sunlit day ,
The happiness of an unhappy man
Fortunate only to be just one copy of himself .
Everything else stinks .
Poetry is a national pastime , but not a particularly “ specialist activity , ” said Sveinn Yngvi Egilsson , a professor of Icelandic literature at the University of Iceland . “ It 's part of being an Icelander , ” he said . “ Yes , it 's charming , is n't it ? ”
In Ayurvedic medicine , the traditional medical lore of Hinduism , rasa shastra is a process by which various metals , Minerals and other substances , including mercury , are purified and combined with herbs in an attempt to treat illnesses . [ 1 ] Its methods correspond to the alchemy familiar in the Mediterranean and Western European worlds . [ 2 ] Rasashastra is a pharmaceutical branch of Indian system of medicine which mainly deals with the metals , minerals , animal origin product , [ 3 ] toxic herbs and their use in therapeutics .
History of development of Rasa Śāstra [ edit ]
The credit of developing Rasa Shastara as a stream of classical Ayurveda , especially in fulfilling its healthcare-related goals , goes to Nāgārjuna ( 5the Century CE ) . [ 4 ]
Important Classical Textbooks on Rasa Śāstra [ edit ]
Rasendra Mangala [ edit ]
It was composed by Nāgārjuna Siddha in the Sanskrit language . P. C. Rây considered this work ( which he erroneously called Rasaratnākara [ 5 ] ) to be amongst the earliest surviving alchemical works , perhaps from as early as the 7th or 8th century . [ 6 ] Rasendramangala originally comprised eight chapters , only four of which are found in the manuscripts available today . Manuscripts of the work are found at Gujarat Ayurveda University , Jamnagar , at Rajasthan Prachya Vidya Pratishthan , Govt . office Bikaner and elsewhere . An edition and translation was published in 2003 . [ 7 ]
Rasa Hridaya Tantra [ edit ]
It was created by Shrimad Govind Bhagvatapad , guru of Shankaracharya , around the 7th century . It contains elaborate description of dhatuvada ( metallurgical processes to transform mercury into higher metals as gold or silver ) . A Sanskrit commentary on this text was contributed by Shri Chaturbhuj Mishra under the name of Mugdhavabodhini .
Rasarnava [ edit ]
Edited and published in 1908–1910 . [ 8 ]
Rasa Prakasha Sudhakara [ edit ]
It is a 13th-century text by Acharya Yashodhar Bhatt . It was first published by Acharya Yadavji Trikam in 1910 . Its second edition was published in 1912 under guidance of Shri Jivaram Kalidas Vyas . It contains 13 chapters describing both Lauhavad ( use of metallurgical processes to convert lower metals to higher metals ) , and Chikitsavad ( use of metals and minerals for therapeutic use ) . It also describes origin of mercury , properties , 18 samskaras ( processing techniques ) of mercury as well as the tools and techniques involved .
Rasendra Chudamani [ edit ]
It was created by Aacharya Somadeva in around 12th or 13th century . It contains 13 chapters which give elaborate description of mercury and its processing for medicinal use ; definition and description of equipments and Puta ( temperature requirements and regulation during processing ) . It can be inferred that at the time of its creation the Gurukula system of education was prevalent as it contains description about Shishyopnayana samskara ( ritual performed at the time of admission ) . Specific contribution of this text include high degree of organization followed during compilation and description of 64 divya-aushadis ( drugs with miraculous effect ) for the very first time .
Rasa Ratna Samuccaya [ edit ]
It was created by Sri Vagbhatta Acharya , son of Vaidyapati Simha Gupta , around the end of the 13th century or beginning of the 14th century . It contains around 30 chapters . It is considered one of the best treatises written in the field of Rasa Shastra . It contains vivid description of Yantras ( tools , equipments ) , Puta ( temperature related processing details ) , classification of metals and minerals into Rasa , Uprasa , Lauha , Dhatu , Updhatu etc . as well as their processing details . It also describes clinical aspects of Rasa aushadhis . However , it is not considered as an original text . Rather it is considered as a compilation of works of other Acharyas . Though it may contain some original work of Vagbhatta , but it is difficult to differentiate . It derives much of its contributions from Rasendrachudamani of Somadeva . Rasaprabha and Vijnanbodhini are two of the Hindi commentaries available . Saralarthprakashini is one of the Sanskrit commentary available by Sriyut Shastri Khare .
Methods [ edit ]
The methods of rasa shastra are contained in a number of Ayurvedic texts , including the Charaka Samhita and Susruta Samhita . An important feature is the use of metals , including several that are considered to be toxic in evidence-based medicine . In addition to mercury , gold , silver , iron , copper , tin , lead , zinc and bell metal are used . In addition to these metals , salts and other substances such as coral , seashells , and feathers are also used . [ 9 ]
The usual means used to administer these substances is by preparations called bhasma , Sanskrit for `` ash '' . Calcination , which is described in the literature of the art as shodhana , `` purification '' , is the process used to prepare these bhasma for administration . Sublimation and the preparation of a mercury sulfide are also in use in the preparation of its materia medica . A variety of methods are used to achieve this . One involves the heating of thin sheets of metal and then immersing them in oil ( taila ) , extract ( takra ) , cow urine ( gomutra ) and other substances . [ 10 ] Others are calcined in crucibles heated with fires of cow dung ( puttam ) . [ 11 ] Ayurvedic practitioners believe that this process of purification removes undesirable qualities and enhances their therapeutic power . [ 12 ]
Toxicity [ edit ]
Modern medicine finds that mercury is inherently toxic , and that its toxicity is not due to the presence of impurities . While mercury does have anti-microbial properties , and used to be widely used in Western medicine , its toxicity does not warrant the risk of using it as a health product in most circumstances . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have also reported a number of cases of lead poisoning associated with Ayurvedic medicine . [ 15 ] Other incidents of heavy metal poisoning have been attributed to the use of rasa shastra compounds in the United States , and arsenic has also been found in some of the preparations , which have been marketed in the United States under trade names such as `` AyurRelief '' , `` GlucoRite '' , `` Acnenil '' , `` Energize '' , `` Cold Aid '' , and `` Lean Plus '' . [ 16 ]
Ayurvedic practitioners claim that these reports of toxicity are due to failure to follow traditional practices in the mass production of these preparations for sale , [ 17 ] but modern science finds that not only mercury , but also lead is inherently toxic . The government of India has ordered that Ayurvedic products must specify their metallic content directly on the labels of the product ; [ 18 ] however , M. S. Valiathan noted that `` the absence of post-market surveillance and the paucity of test laboratory facilities [ in India ] make the quality control of Ayurvedic medicines exceedingly difficult at this time . [ 18 ]
See also [ edit ]
In Brooklyn , they looked in Windsor Terrace and Sunset Park , but found only slightly more space in the same price range . For about a day , they considered the suburbs . They abandoned the search after they saw an apartment in Bushwick with the bathroom in the hall that rented for $ 1,700 a month , $ 200 more than they were paying at the time . It drove home , Ms. Moore said , “ that 's what you got if you did n't want to pay more — a bathroom in the hall . ”
“ When we thought about what we wanted , which was more space in Brooklyn , ultimately it came down to someone would have to make more money , ” she said . Her husband did not want to leave his job as a public defender and Ms. Moore , who has worked part-time since Charlotte was born , was n't willing to work full-time . Her son , Hudson , came along a few years later .
“ I chose to be with my kids , ” she said . “ And I was O.K . with staying here because I knew we 'd have to move to get more space and I did n't want to move . The question is : Can you make the space work ? ”
The couple addressed the apartment 's constraints by eschewing bulky items like a highchair , crib or stroller . She carried the children until they were old enough to walk , occasionally resorting to a laundry cart . Longer excursions are made on a cargo bike . The only real difficulty , Ms. Moore said , was when Hudson developed a proclivity for wandering when he was between 18 months and 2½ .
Stunning photos from a 2008 project by artist Charlie White pair teen girls with their transgender adult female doppelgängers .
Titled the `` Teen and Transgender Comparative Study , '' White 's project is a `` a correlation of two stages of transformation , pairing teen girls with like adult male-to-female '' transgender women .
`` I was working on a larger , ongoing project titled 'Girl Studies ' at the time , '' White , who is based on Los Angeles , told HuffPost Gay Voices in an email . `` Within that broader idea , the intersection between girls transforming through the biological patterns , and transgender through chemical and surgical processes became very important to me . ''
He then added , `` When I found the parallels in a side-by-side study of a teen girl and M-to-F transgender , both of the portraits operated as I had hoped , they became evident of something in the subjects that was not apparent in the single studies . ''
White 's other works include photography , film , animation and , most recently , a collaborative experimental pop music project , along with a new book . His works have been exhibited at the Los Angeles County Museum , Institute of Contemporary Art , Philadelphia , Oslo Kunstforening , Norway , and the 2011 Singapore Biennale , while his films have screened at the Sundance Film Festival and Director 's Fortnight at Cannes .
The House Ways and Means Committee just released a report that shows that the most successful companies would save billions of dollars if they stopped offering coverage to their employees and dumped them into the taxpayer-funded Obamacare exchanges .
On a confidential basis , 71 Fortune 100 companies supplied information to the committee regarding the cost and coverage of their health insurance plans . The committee used the data to calculate the potential savings of dumping employees into the exchanges and paying the employer mandate penalty .
The report 's findings will likely scare the many Americans who like their current employer-sponsored insurance . The report concludes that companies could save $ 28.6 billion in 2014 alone by dumping their employees into the exchanges . Moreover , the savings grow over time : Between 2014 and 2023 , dropping health coverage would collectively save these companies $ 422.4 billion—and that 's after paying the penalty .
According to the report , in 2011 , the average per-employee cost of providing health insurance to these companies was $ 5,197 after taxes and is expected to increase to $ 6,487 in 2014 . The employer mandate costs only $ 2,000 per full-time employee . The financial incentive to forgo offering health insurance coverage to employees is obvious and enormous .
Before Obamacare , individuals without employer-sponsored coverage had few other alternatives , which discouraged mass employer dumping to save money . But under the President 's health law , the conditions have changed . A study by McKinsey and Company explains :
[ Obamacare ] reduces the social-equity advantage of employer-sponsored insurance , by enabling these workers to obtain coverage they could not afford on today 's individual market . It also significantly increases the availability of substitutes for employer coverage . As a result , whether to offer [ coverage ] after 2014 becomes mostly a business decision . Employers will have to balance the need to remain attractive to talented workers with the net economics of providing benefits—taking into consideration all the penalties and tax advantages of offering or not offering any given level of coverage .
It will simply be a better business move for many employers to pay the fine and dump millions of American workers into the government-run exchanges . McKinsey found that 30 percent will either definitely or probably drop insurance coverage for their workers under Obamacare .
But subsidized coverage in the Obamacare exchanges is n't free , as Heritage 's Kathryn Nix has warned before : “ As employers drop health plans for their employees , taxpayers will be left to pick up the tremendous cost of offering more and more subsidized coverage in the exchanges . This will drive up the cost of Obamacare and its already-huge impact on deficit spending. ” More Americans will be dependent on government , which gives the government more control over health care decisions that should be made by the patient .
President Obama 's promise that “ if you like your health care plan , you 'll be able to keep your health care plan ” has been indisputably broken . The American people deserve health care reform that benefits them , not the broken promises of Obamacare .
( Open thread + links )
The XS antibody . Genocide spirals . Bad government . Conflict prompts . Against the commons . Following orders . Massive squalls of Alt-Right discussion almost everywhere , including this ( + ) and this from Brett Stevens , a loose trilogy from Free Northener ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , an Alfred Clark introduction , Citadel and SoBL commentary , a Roosh piece . Not sure whether enthusiasm for Second Wave Fascism counts ( why not ? ) . A defense of identitarianism . The weekly round .
Western resilience . Silent trade . All-devouring democracy . The 0.000001 % . The Celtic Enlightenment . Dutch exceptionalism . Fragmented anxieties . Capitalism stole our ice age .
We still have Venezuelan Bolivarian Socialism to kick around . The Midwest laid waste . Fissile nations . ICANN going international .
Cologne fall out is still glowing hot ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) . Exodus ( explained ) .
Trumpenführer panic report ( 1 , 2 ) . NRO @ work ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ) . The Sam Francis connection . Related lunacy ( plus ) . Libertarian comment from North and Paul .
Popcorn bonus ( 1 , 2 ) .
Parents > parenting . Delicate concerns about the public IQ ‘ debate ' ( via ) . Designer babies . Asperger ‘ s nazism . A brief tour of racial madness ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) . Out of left field ( comment ) . Drama awards . Schooled .
Liberal agony ( 1 , 2 ) . Mind-control issues at Facebook ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , Twitter ( 1 , 2 ) , and elsewhere ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) .
Apocalypse corner ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) . Radioactive headline of the week . Shorting the near-future ( relevant ) . Narrative sequence . Soros speaks . ZH does it best ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) . “ Unlike the Great Depression , social crisis will eventually eclipse economic crisis in the U.S. That is to say , our society today is so unequipped to deal with a financial collapse that the event will inevitably trigger cultural upheaval and violent internal conflict . In the 1930s , nearly 50 % of the American population was rural . Farmers made up 21 % of the labor force . Today , only 20 % of the population is rural . Less than 2 % work in farming and agriculture . That 's a rather dramatic shift from a more independent and knowledgeable land-utilizing society to a far more helpless and hapless consumer-based system . ”
Causes and Consequences of the Protestant Reformation .
The Gate of Gnon . Diminishing returns . Affective heuristics . Prediction is hard . The Plato code . Satanic psy-ops . Weird Wild Wests . 13 Hours review .
DARPA neuro-electronics . VR memories .
An early-filter theory . Quantum time tangles . 2^74,207,281 –1 . A-life obstacles . Traps that count .
Police found the remains of three more women and one man in the hills around Bogota . This could mean that the “ Monster of Monserrate ” serial killer killed more than seven women as he admitted , police said Wednesday .
The suspect , the homeless Fredy Armando Valencia , built a makeshift camp and drug den on an empty lot amid heavy forest and had admitted to killing seven women , police said Tuesday .
However , four bodies were initially found based on the suspect 's testimonies , police said Tuesday .
Valencia admitted to having killed seven women , but said he was “ too stoned ” to remember where he hid his remaining victims .
According to the alleged serial killer , Valencia targeted drug addicts in the Bronx , a known drug dealing area in Colombia 's capital .
Promising his victims food and drugs , the alleged serial killer would take them to his hide-out in the mountains where he asphyxiated his victims .
According to the police , Valencia began killing four years ago , but was able to evade police suspicion targeting mainly drug-addicted women who were estranged from their families .
Little is known about the alleged serial killed , except that he lived in Bogota 's Kennedy district for a period of four years and briefly studied chemistry at a local university . He was arrested on several occasions on drug possession charges .
Having found more bodies than admitted by the alleged killer , police decided to continue searching for more victims .
Monserrate is one of Bogota 's most-visited sites for its panoramic views of the city accessible by cable cars . It 's also a major devotional site .
Colombia has produced some of the world 's deadliest serial killers . The most famous is “ Garavito , ” who was convicted of 139 homicides after being charged for the raping and killing of more than 172 young boys until his arrest in 1999 .
Closing the Corporate Tax Haven Loophole
April 02 , 2013 By By Jeff Van Wychen , Fellow and Director of Tax Policy & Analysis
Minnesota leads all fifty states in terms of per capita state and federal income tax revenue lost through the “ tax haven ” corporate tax loophole , according to a Minnesota 2020 analysis of U.S. PIRG data from The Hidden Cost of Offshore Tax Havens : State Budgets Under Pressure from Tax Loophole Abuse . Legislation introduced in Minnesota would take a major step toward closing this tax loophole and in the process increase state revenues by an estimated $ 36.5 million in the next biennium .
Corporations and wealthy individuals can avoid paying federal and state taxes by taking advantage of overseas havens . As defined by the U.S. PIRG report , “ Tax havens are countries or jurisdictions with minimal or no taxes . Corporations and individuals shift earnings to financial institutions in these countries to reduce their U.S. [ and state ] income tax liability… ” In addition to low tax rates , the appeal of tax havens can also include secrecy and the ability to avoid financial regulations and criminal laws .
Minnesota ranks sixth highest among the fifty states in terms aggregate state and federal corporate and individual income tax revenue lost through tax havens , just behind California , New York , New Jersey , Illinois , and Pennsylvania , according to the U.S. PIRG report . However , when it comes to per capita revenue lost through the tax haven loophole , Minnesota is number one . The per capita loss through tax havens in Minnesota is 14 percent higher than the next closest state ( New Jersey ) . The map below shows the total estimated 2011 state and federal income tax revenue loss per capita .
View Larger Map
Tax havens allow corporations to avoid paying for their share of the public services they use . These costs are shifted to other taxpayers or translate in to cuts in public services and infrastructure . TakeAction Minnesota asked former Montana Revenue Commissioner and tax haven expert Dan Bucks to study the effects of tax havens in Minnesota . In a letter to Senate Tax Chair Rod Skoe and Senate Tax Reform Division Chair Ann Rest , Bucks concludes that :
When some multinationals artificially reduce their taxes , they gain an unfair competitive advantage over smaller enterprises that operate entirely within the U.S. and especially within a single state such as Minnesota . Taxes may shift to all other taxpayers , compounding the inequities . Lost revenue can also result in reduced investments in infrastructure , education , public health and safety and other services that support a growing economy and an orderly , healthy society .
Senator Scott Dibble and Frank Hornstein have introduced legislation—Senate File ( SF ) 1237 and House File ( HF 1440 ) —that would at least begin closing the tax haven loophole as it pertains to corporate income taxes . According to the revenue estimate from the Minnesota Department of Revenue , this legislation would generate $ 36.5 million in new revenue for the state in the next biennium ( FY 2014-15 ) . SF 1237 / HF 1440 would effect only state corporate income tax revenue lost through tax havens ; thus the the $ 36.5 million revenue estimate from this bill does not correspond with the amounts from the U.S. PIRG report shown in the map , which deals with state and federal revenue lost to tax havens through both the corporate and individual income tax .
During the Tax Reform Division hearing on this bill , Senator Paul Gazelka argued that any increase in corporate taxes would be shifted to other taxpayers because corporations do not pay taxes , only people do . There is some truth to this argument ; for example , a portion of any business tax is routinely shifted on to customers through higher prices . However , not all business taxes are shifted to consumers and labor ; a portion is borne by shareholders and owners of the business .
Furthermore , there is nothing inherently unfair or inappropriate about a tax that is shifted on to consumers through higher prices . The price of any product should include the cost associated with its production and one of those costs is taxes . When a company averts taxes through the tax haven loophole , it gains a competitive price advantage over other—frequently smaller—businesses that can not take advantage of these elaborate tax dodges to reduce their prices . Requiring all business to pay comparable taxes by closing loopholes helps eliminates an unfair competitive advantage by ensuring that the price structure of all businesses reflects the appropriate tax costs .
Lobbyists from the Minnesota Business Partnership and the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce complained that the SF 1237 / HF 1440 would inhibit legitimate business transactions in tax haven nations . This argument stretches credulity . According to a Congressional Research Service report , U.S. foreign company profits attributed to Bermuda—a tax haven nation—are 6.5 times Bermuda 's entire GDP . The comparable statistic for other tax haven nations is 3.5 times for the British Virgin Islands , 3.4 times for the Marshall Islands , and 5.5 times for the Caymen Islands .
When corporate profits attributed to a nation exceed the entire GDP of that nation by several folds , it is clear that there is something going on far beyond simple business transactions . Multinational corporations are using these tax haven nations to avoid paying their share of corporate income taxes , thereby resulting in less funding for public services or higher taxes on other businesses and individuals . Bucks cites numerous articles in the business press that report that “ many multinational corporations have unfairly reduced their overall effective tax rates to low levels , even into single digits , through aggressive income tax shifting strategies . ”
There is no point in vilifying the corporations that rely on tax havens to reduce their tax liability . Businesses exist to make a profit and the tax haven loophole enables corporations to increase their profits by legally reducing their taxes . The problem is not that multinational corporations are evil , but that state law allows elaborate tax avoidance schemes to continue . By eliminating the tax haven loophole , SF 1237 and HF 1440 make the tax system more fair while at the same generating needed revenue to help balance the state budget .
1 Comments :
Advertisement : Statwing makes an easy-to-use data analysis tool . Click through any of the images below to see that analysis in Statwing ( and play around with the dataset ) .
You know how when you go to the doctor you get your height , weight , blood pressure , etc . measured ? We popped thousands of those readings into Statwing ( from Kaggle 's Practice Fusion Analyze This 2012 Prediction Challenge ) , and the data is pretty fun to play with . [ 1 ] This dataset is n't perfectly representative , but it gives a decent feel for how vital signs , heights , and weights are distributed in the population . [ 2 ] Note that the data is U.S . only . [ 3 ]
For example , here 's the distribution of weights of Americans :
We all know that height and weight are correlated , but how much ? ( Click through for statistical test results . )
When your blood pressure is taken , two numbers are recorded ( you 'll hear “ # # # over # # # ” ) . Turns out the first number ( systolic ) is your blood pressure when the heart 's ventricles are contracted , having just pumped blood , and your blood pressure is at its highest point in the heartbeat cycle . The second number ( diastolic ) is your blood pressure when the heart 's ventricles are full of blood , about to pump , and your blood pressure is at its lowest . They 're correlated to roughly the same degree as height and weight are .
They do n't just vary from each other , they 're also used to assess different health issues . For example , high systolic blood pressure is a better indicator of potential cardiac issues than high diastolic blood pressure .
There 's a lot more fun stuff in this dataset . You can pivot by region , age , body temperature , and more . Take a look .
Discussion on Hacker News
Statwing Front Page
Renewable Energy Investment Continues To Leave North America
October 31st , 2012 by Chris Milton
In many countries , funds are being redirected towards shoring up existing industries and practices , threatening sustainable development in poor and rich countries alike .
Renewable energy investment is bucking the trend , according to global investment analysts Preqin , but funds are continuing to leave North America despite a report at the beginning of the year that the US had overtaken China .
The figures confirm Pew Environment 's Who 's Winning The Clean Energy Race 2011 report , which states :
The United States reclaimed the top spot in the worldwide clean energy race in 2011 . Because of policy uncertainty , however , its leadership is likely to be short-lived after a variety of American clean energy programs expired at the end of 2011 .
Preqin tracks over 200 North American and European infrastructure funds , of which nearly half are actively seeking renewable energy investment . This year , these funds are targeting over $ 16 billion at renewable energy investment , nearly 20 % of all infrastructure capital they 're looking to raise .
However , these figures hide a drain on renewable energy investment away from North America , with only 29 % of the clean energy funds headquartered here and only 19 % of the funds invested here .
Conversely , nearly half the funds investing in renewable energy are headquartered in Europe and 50 % are seeking opportunities in Asia and the rest of the world . In general , European infrastructure funds are 10 % more likely to invest in renewable energy than North American ones .
One of the big winners from this has been the UK , which has seen capital investments there grow from $ 260 million for the whole of 2011 to $ 430 million in the first eight months of 2012 , poaching investment from the rest of Europe and overtaking Germany as the largest home for infrastructure funds on the continent .
Commenting on the US clean energy investment dropping behind Germany and China in 2010 , Phyllis Cuttino from the Pew Clean Energy Program said a major reason was “ our clean energy policies are not as clear , consistent , or ambitious as those of other nations . ”
This is echoed by Ian McCarlie , energy specialist at lawyers Pinsent Masons , who reacted to the Preqin figures by saying : “ Increased regulatory uncertainty and market reform could easily deter investors who will deploy their capital to other markets… . We need to remember that this is a global competition… investors also have the option to look at projects with significant scale in Asia Pacific , Africa and the Middle East . ”
Quite how clean energy investment will shake out in the US after the election is almost anyone 's guess . The total amounts invested are rising at a healthy rate worldwide but the more this country appears to rely on fossil fuels , the more severe this drain of finance to more ambitious countries is likely to become .
Image Credit : Chonburi International Art Exhibition – Sal Randolph – Free Money by Marshall Astor – Food Fetishist , tweaked by Chris Milton ( some rights reserved ) .
Nasa has selected Boeing and SpaceX to transport astronauts to the International Space Station , bringing the agency one step close to launching Americans into space from US soil once again .
The US agency selected aereospace giant Boeing and PayPal founder Elon Musk 's SpaceX Corporation as the two winners of a hotly contested $ 6.8bn contract announced on Tuesday as part of its Commercial Crew Development programme .
It means Musk , who has invested a sizeable chunk of his estimated $ 9.5bn personal fortune in the development of space technology , will play a key role in returning manned spaceflight to US soil for the first time since the retirement of the space shuttle fleet in July 2011 .
Since then , Nasa has relied on the Russian space agency to send its astronauts to the ISS at a cost of up to $ 71m per seat . That relationship has come under pressure in recent months amid growing political tensions between Washington and Moscow over Ukraine .
“ Today we are one step closer to launching our astronauts from US soil on American spacecraft and ending the nation 's sole reliance on Russia by 2017 , ” said Charles Bolden , the Nasa administrator who announced the decision at Florida 's Kennedy Space Centre .
“ This was n't an easy choice but it 's the best choice for Nasa and the nation . The partnerships with Boeing and SpaceX promise to give more people in America and around the world the opportunity to experience the wonder and exhilaration of spaceflight . As long as our providers meet our requirements , we want to use them . ”
Boeing and SpaceX were involved in stiff competition to win the contract , beating out a challenge from the Sierra Nevada Corporation . SpaceX has already made successful flights to the ISS using an unmanned variant of its Dragon space capsule while Boeing 's CST-100 capsule is at an advanced stage of development .
There is no fixed timetable for either company to have its capsules ready for manned flight , although Nasa has expressed its hope for up to two test flights to have been completed by the end of 2017 , when the existing contract with Roscosmos , the Russian space agency , is set to expire .
Nasa decided in 2009 , two years prior to the retirement of the 30-year-old shuttle programme , that it would split its manned spaceflight operations in two . The agency is developing its own heavy-lift rockets , based on elements of the shuttle and Apollo programmes , called the Space Launch System for manned and unmanned deep-space missions to asteroids , the moon and eventually Mars . The first SLS test flight is scheduled for December .
Meanwhile , the development of lower Earth orbit operations was put out to tender to private space concerns , all competing for Nasa funds under the commercial crew initiative . Boeing has already received more than $ 570m to develop CST-100 in the three phases of the programme before today , while SpaceX has received $ 515m for Dragon .
Tuesday 's announcement gives Boeing an additional $ 4.2bn and SpaceX $ 2.6bn to spend on “ certification ” – making their vehicles safe for test flights .
The seven-seat CST-100 capsule relies heavily on technology from the Apollo era and unlike the shuttle will sit atop the rocket launching it into space . Dragon , also a seven-seater , follows a similar principle and both capsules are designed to splash down and be reused .
The loser of the day was the Sierra Nevada Corporation , which developed the Dream Chaser , a mini-space shuttle designed to land on a runway after spaceflight , developed with almost $ 300m of Nasa money . The spacecraft 's future is now uncertain .
Musk was not present at the press conference , which included Bob Cabana , a former space shuttle commander and now director of the Florida space centre from which the Boeing and Dragon capsules will launch .
Boeing is expected to host its own media briefing on Wednesday to announce it is working together with the Blue Origin company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos to develop a new American-built rocket engine . The CST-100 is designed to ride into space aboard Atlas V rockets powered by the Russian-made RD-180 engines , as do US military and spy satellites sent into orbit . The Pentagon is worried that supply might dry up .
Earlier this month , Frank Kendall , the US government 's undersecretary of defence , said funding would be sought from Congress in the 2016 budget to explore alternatives .
“ The situation has changed with events in Ukraine , ” he said . “ There is close to a consensus that we need to find a way to remove the dependency . ”
I give this a three because it was interesting at the beginning . Seasons 3 and 4 deserve a goose egg and 5 gets a 2 just because Clair seems
I give this a three because it was interesting at the beginning . Seasons 3 and 4 deserve a goose egg and 5 gets a 2 just because Clair seems to be able to advance her own agenda now . The British version of this show only lasted 3 seasons and the padding added to this US version pales as compared to the original . Hope they finally get to the end game in the next season because my attention to these broken and increasingly unbelievable characters will not last much longer .
Addendum - Netflix just announced season 6 will be the last . Seems my opinion was also shared by others and they are pulling the plug ( 3 seasons too late ) .
A day later Netflix has suspended production on this show . Maybe it 's all for the best , but it 'd been nice to see their version of the end game and see if America wised up and threw these nasty people in jail . It is alleged Spacey created a toxic work environment on the set . Tired of spoiled actors who talk a pc game but are among the most perverted people on the planet . Not surprised as this has been going on for decades without any attention until now . How does it feel to be held to the same pc standard as the rest of us ?
…
Cultural totalitarianism of the Postmodern era did the impossible — it changed the very nature of man ( and woman )
This is an excellent and thoughtful essay by Alexander Maistrovoy , a Russian jewish emigre author . It examines in more detail the glaring questions raised in our short piece from Sunday , 'Refugees ' Harass Women in Russian Nightclub , Are Promptly Beaten and Sent to Prison , which went viral and generated a huge number of comments . A very intelligent read . Highly recommended .
In my correspondence regarding the events in Cologne , an editor of a Russian newspaper asked me a natural , but discouraging question ; “ Where were the German men ? ” , he inquired of me , perplexed .
Germany , the world is laughing at you
Indeed , for us who grew up in Soviet Russia , it would be inconceivable that some drunk young people could publicly mock and harass girls on New Year 's Eve in the very center of Moscow or Saint Petersburg . If they dared to do this , they would n't survive until the morning , they would become “ martyrs ” and would have their way with 72 virgins in a completely different realm .
Ethical codes , embedded in us on a genetic level , would demand that we intervene on behalf of the women . Especially , in a situation where normal adult men were more numerous than the rapists , and the rapists themselves were not terrorists , cyborgs or aliens , but mere street punks .
As it turned out in Germany , Sweden , Austria — these codes were fatally violated . A great number of strong healthy men , having heard the girls screaming and crying , and having seen the crimes being committed , did n't do anything to save the victims . In rare cases , the girls were defended by migrants from Eastern Europe or Third World countries .
But this is only the first question in a long line of simple questions . We could expect that women , having learned about the abuse of girls the next day , would be in a fury . Since there is an inherent instinct in every normal woman to rescue a child or to protect a girl from an abuse , rape or harassment .
Again , genetic codes did n't work .
We heard women blaming the victims and defending the rapists . We heard Henriette Reker , the mayor of Cologne , who claimed that “ there 's always the possibility of keeping a certain distance of more than an arm 's length ” ; Claudia Roth from the Green Party , who accused an “ organized mob ” on the Internet of “ calling for a hunt on non-white people ” . We learned about dozens of female journalists who concealed the truth because the rapists were “ refugees ” . Feminists ? We did n't hear their voices . As we have n't heard their voices in Sweden , Norway and England , where thousands of girls had long ago been turned into “ white meat ” .
Instead , all we hear is a subtle mumble , like that of the expert Irmgard Kopetzky , who states that “ sexual violence is an issue for people of all ethnic origins ” . “ Figures show the majority of people carrying out sex attacks in Germany do not come from an immigrant background ” , according to her .
Andrea den Boer , from the University of Kent , sees roots of the problem in that “ the sex ratio alteration in the young adult population looking also to be abnormal at about 114 boys of that age for every 100 girls ( SIC ) ” . Really ?
In China , Armenia , Azerbaijan there are also many more boys than girls . Has anyone heard about something similar happening in Beijing , Erevan or Baku ? Why , during the revolutions in Romania , Ukraine , Georgia and Moldova , were there no cases of gang rape of girls during demonstrations , as it happened in Tahrir Square ?
The wider Pandora 's box is opened , the more questions arise . What about politicians ? Have any of them , left or right , called it the way they saw it ? No .
“ Sexual harassment is not automatically binding to migration and immigration , ” Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Löfven told in Davos . Sure ! According to the report by Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention ( BRÅ ) 20 years before , in 1996 , the highest rates of rape convictions were for individuals born in North Africa and Iraq . They were convicted of rape at rates of 17.5 times the native Swedish rate respectively .
We are speaking about a commonplace situation , typical for the patriarchal Muslim world — for Iraqis , Afghans or Somalis — where a non-Muslim woman is nothing more than a sexual object , an easy and natural prey , a whore .
Coptic women in Egypt are constantly subject to harassment just because they are Christians . The Civil war in Lebanon took place not least because of the mass rape of Christian women by Palestinians . How much more for European women accustomed to their free dress code and not protected by families .
If “ refugees ” ever dared to do the same at home — in Algeria , Iraq , Afghanistan and Somalia — with Muslim girls , they would be buried alive . There are strict and oppressive laws of clan vengeance and no one dares to harass a woman from another clan or tribe without bearing an inevitable cruel punishment . European women have no protection from their families or even the state , with the latter taking the side of the perpetrator . That is why they are doomed .
Why are western politicians paralyzed by fear ? Why do only leaders of Eastern Europe dare to tell the truth , such as : Miloš Zeman and Bohuslav Sobotka , the President and Prime Minister of the Czech Republic , Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico , Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orbán ? The issue is not about right or left ideology . Zeman , Sobotka and Fico are Socialists . The issue is about a healthy , normal perception of the world based on genuine European values .
Why did it occur that they were the only leaders who could give both a courageous and adequate response to the reality of this situation ? These small countries , squeezed between millstones of formerly great empires , having survived Soviet despotism , now know the value of freedom and dignity . They were vaccinated against universalist ideologies . Yet it is curious that Czech Republic and Slovakia are the only countries that accept genuine refugees facing a terrible fate — Christians and Yazidis from Iraq , but not mature and aggressive young men heading to Europe for an easy life and “ white meat ” .
What has happened to the world , when men , women , politicians , and the elite betray their daughters and children in order to please newcomers with their baser instincts and a cult of male power ?
The answer is sad — the culture of postmodernism has managed to do what could n't be achieved even by the Communist propaganda machine . It has degraded the instinct of self-preservation , natural reactions embedded in humans on a genetic level , the ability to feel compassion and protect a victim – a woman , a girl , a child . An abstract ideology has suppressed the mind and senses .
I left USSR as a hater of Soviet totalitarianism . Now I realize that the cultural totalitarianism of political correctness has turned out to be much more poisonous .
The Soviet regime dictated harsh rules and established censorship . However people remained normal human beings . They laughed at authorities , composed jokes about Brezhnev , made satirical films in spite of the censorship , and learned to read newspapers between the lines . This primarily referred to the intelligentsia .
Cultural totalitarianism succeeded much more . It affirmed a relentless self-censorship , turned people into sterile zombies , and exterminated basic senses of responsibility and dignity . It changed the very nature of man , and indeed , it was a unique experiment on their own people .
… There is a small carnivorous animal in Siberia – a stoat . It hunts rabbits and hares , which are significantly heavier , faster and stronger . It does n't creep , does n't sit in ambush and does n't catch its prey on the run . It performs a hypnotic dance of death in front of it — with wriggles , acrobatic leaps and somersaults . The stoat dazzles the prey and , gradually approaching it , then it grabs its throat . The rabbit dies from shock . Why does the prey allow the stoat to dazzle and kill it without resisting ? Biologists are unable to solve the riddle of the stoat 's hypnotic dance .
Western elites have foredoomed their own people by means of somersaults and acrobatic tricks with the same fate of the unfortunate rabbit .
The hypnotic dance of death is gaining momentum…
A photo posted by PodShare ( @ podshare ) on Dec 12 , 2015 at 5:37pm PST
Three years ago , the first Podshare opened in Hollywood ; now , there 's a whole little Los Angeles empire of these co-living spaces that are set up like a giant sleepaway camp cabin , complete with fancy bunks ( pods ) that have their own flatscreen TVs . Except now , the proprietors are emphasizing that they 're less of a novelty hostel and more of `` a coworking space with beds , '' reports Motherboard .
`` We do not identify with hostels—we are a co-living space or a live-work community , '' Podshare 's creator says .
The company has locations in Hollywood , the Arts District in Downtown , and , soon , in Los Feliz , and they 're now really pushing the community aspect of living and working in what 's essentially a big open room with bunk beds , tons of shared space , and minimal privacy . And it all sounds really really intense . Here are the most bananas things about this whole situation :
—Podshare started as a way to never be lonely again . Creator Elvina Beck ( who built the first Hollywood location out with her dad ) tells Motherboard , `` I started it to cure my own loneliness , so I never had a night without friends . ''
—Billed as a co-living space , these extreme hostels are just as much for travelers as they are for `` mobile workers '' ; Podshare 's 10 to 30 Murphy beds `` turn into desks by day . '' ( Podshare is also popular with people who are apartment-hunting in LA . )
Nikita asking Tony to borrow his laptop // love that sticker # pajamaparty # livingwithstrangers # caniborrowthat # coliving # whenaussiesunite # aussiesofinstagram # aussies A photo posted by PodShare ( @ podshare ) on Dec 21 , 2015 at 10:02pm PST
—Beck now lives in a Podshare herself `` with 23 ever-changing roommates . ''
—She also takes advantage of the fact that she can co-work where she co-lives : Beck holds business meetings for Podshare at a table inside one of the Podshare locations , where guests `` can listen in on the daily ins and outs of running the pod business . ''
—Beck feels like her setup ( living in a pod , having meetings in a shared space ) is something that appeals to the young entrepreneur : `` Pod life is the future for singles which are not looking to settle down , but focus on their startups and experience something new . ''
—Every guest ( Podestrian ! ) is pre-screened before they get a pod and , after their visit , post-screened . All Podestrians have a profile on Podshare 's website that includes `` a personalized review '' of that guest . The two-step vetting helps to keep the true weirdos out , Beck says .
—In four years , Podshare 's had more than 4,000 guests . Podshares have a 92 percent occupancy rate across both open locations and a 19 percent return rate .
—Some Podestrians have treasured their pod time so much , they 've gotten Podshare tattoos , documented on video .
—Podshare has an explicit `` No PodSex '' rule , which sounds nuts , but as anyone who 's ever stayed in a dorm-style room at a hostel can attest , is incredibly necessary to establish . A design element helps keep people in line : `` We built the pods facing each other so the community polices itself . ''
San Diego Unified School District 's trustees are having a workshop Tuesday to discuss why some schools are having trouble persuading the neighbors around them to enroll their kids . For the sixth straight year , enrollment in district-run schools ( not charters ) is projected to go down in the 2015-2016 school year .
Superintendent Cindy Marten has often talked about her goal of creating a quality school in every neighborhood .
Tuesday 's workshop is titled Logistics and Implementation of Quality Schools in Every Neighborhood . “ San Diego families deserve access to a quality education in their own neighborhood ! ” the presentation reads .
But parents are voting with their feet .
In the packet , the district included this stark set of stats outlining how many students could be going to all middle and high schools and how many of them are choosing to go elsewhere — either to a school outside their neighborhood or a charter school . Of course , a small group might not be going to school at all .
The insights the statistics provide are even more staggering . Here are the 10 least appealing schools to parents in their neighborhood .
% CODESILKCHART1 %
And here are the 10 middle and high schools that are best at maintaining local parents ' confidence .
% CODESILKCHART2 %
We 've explored why Lincoln High School , in particular , seems to be facing an acute crisis along these lines . The district , at least according to the presentation , seems to think it 's mostly about charter school competition .
“ We need to look at data and start asking questions , ” said Linda Zintz , communications director for the district . “ We continue to see enrollment decline , so what can we be doing better to make sure our students — regardless of where they live — are getting the best education they can ? ”
When you look at which schools are doing the best at inspiring their neighbors to keep their kids local and which are not , you ca n't help but see the disparity . Schools in wealthier areas are doing far better . Schools in poorer areas like Mann Middle , Crawford High School and Lincoln High School are not inspiring confidence among parents in their areas . And 64 percent of students who can go to San Diego High , the San Diego Complex listed in the table , are choosing to go elsewhere . If not a charter , many head to schools with better reputations , like Point Loma or La Jolla high schools .
And while Hoover High might be falling apart structurally , Lincoln is a beautiful campus of modern buildings and amenities . It 's not the facility that 's turning kids and their parents off .
Finally , one other note . We 've followed for years the curiosity that is Mission Bay High School . It serves far more people from outside its neighborhood than inside it . Only 511 students were eligible to go to Mission Bay High this year . But enrollment was 1,109 . Students may be fleeing places like Lincoln High , but they might be just as likely to go to Mission Bay as a charter school .
Bottom line : They 're fleeing .
Mario Koran contributed to this story .
I signed up for an international exchange this go around mainly because I 'm a fatty and was hoping for SNACKS ! My Santa delivered and then some ! I got :
-a bag of cheese and bacon balls ( ca n't wait to try these ! ) -2 packets of tim tams ( I have to admit when I saw these I let out a little squeal . I 've had the `` fake '' tim tams at Christmas last year and had been dying to try the real ones ! ) -2 bars of Cadbury milk chocolate ( unfortunately , the box sat out in brutal NC heat all day and they were melted when I got home , but I stuck them in the fridge to devour later ) -a packet of natural `` Smoothie '' candy . Kind of like starbursts , but 10 times better ! I 've already had more of these than I care to admit : ) .
Apart from the treats , she also included :
-2 adorable mini plushes ( one kangaroo and one koala holding an Australian flag ) that my daughter has already snuck into her room . -a super cute `` like '' Canberra shirt in my favorite color , and -a Canberra magnet that is already up on my fridge .
Rubixxful , thank you SO very much . I loved everything and am blown away by your generosity and thoughtfulness . You rock !
As summers in the ever turbulent , never boring universe of Wolverhampton Wanderers go , this has been the quietest in recent history .
Too quiet for those with one nervous eye on the arrival gate , with Kenny so far only adding a pair of free transfers to his League One conqueror , one of whom has already absconded to the treatment table .
But panic we should not .
Last season 's triumph was built on the strength and cohesion of the team , not the brilliance of an individual . That team is very much intact and a capable challenger to the 23 opponents that await .
Consistent home form will be crucial and heading back to the Championship Wolves are yet to lose a league game at Molineux in 2014 . This will of course be the sternest examination of that proud record .
Norwich City
Summers are seldom lazy when you drop out of the greed league and the Canaries have n't bucked the trend .
High profile departures have thus far been kept to a minimum though , with only Snodgrass and van Wolfswinkel jumping ship . Others including Fer , Tettey and Hooper have reportedly attracted interest .
Sacking Chris Hughton last term and replacing him with a rookie in Neil Adams was a maverick move , particularly so late in the season . After failing to save their Premier League bacon , he 'll be under the spotlight from minute one and expected to deliver .
There 's no reason he should n't either . He has some handy players throughout the team , many of whom are well versed in the rigours of England 's second tier .
That said , keeping the squad united and managing all the ins and outs that are bound to occur before the end of August will be a significant challenge , as we know ourselves from bitter recent experience .
Away form cost them dearly last season with just two wins ( and a painful 14 defeats ) to show for their exertions , so they 'll want to make positive inroads from the very start this time .
Wolves
I 'm excited that the team likely to start on Sunday will mirror the eleven that finished against Carlisle in May . I said back then I thought they could challenge anyone in the Championship and I 'm hoping to be proved correct .
Should that be the starting lineup , Leon Clarke will consider himself unlucky to miss out after a prolific pre-season . But I still think Dicko has the shirt . Dave Edwards would be another strong contender , but I think Kenny will opt for the balance of Henry and Sako ( if fit ) out wide with Jacobs in the pocket .
Lee Evans looks to have won the battle to partner McDonald in the middle , but Price and Rowe will be snapping at his heels in the weeks to come . I expect the latter to become a regular , but the competition will be interesting .
Overall , I still think Kenny is a player light at both ends of the pitch ( a forward and a defender ) but has interesting options and decent variation , particularly in midfield . He showed himself to be a strong tactician last season so with greater resources , it 's exciting to think what could be achieved .
The gaffer
Predictions
Given that the blog was fairly light on updates over the summer , you might have thought I was sunning it up abroad somewhere exotic . I was actually , but not the whole time .
No , I spent a good chunk of my holiday figuring out how to improve the Prediction League and with help from regular contributor Mike ( aka Twixfix ) , I think I 've been successful .
Most excitingly ( for me anyway ) the whole system is now automated . Just enter your score as instructed in the comment box below and everything else takes care of itself .
This season , it 's 2 points for predicting the correct outcome and 3 points for predicting the outcome with the correct score . With more points on offer , it should make the competition more compelling and the table more interesting .
Additionally , the number of predictions made by each person is being counted , so if players are locked on the same score , the pundit who has achieved the score with the fewer predictions will be higher .
So there you have it guys , enjoy . Hopefully we can entice more people than ever to take part and it can continue to be a great mechanism for getting everyone talking .
As for my prediction , I 'm playing it cagey and going for a score draw .
2-2 .
Up The Wolves !
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German police have searched a mosque and eight apartments in Hildesheim that are believed to be a hotbed of a radical Salafist community , the interior minister of the northern state of Lower Saxony said on Thursday .
Lower Saxony Interior Minister Boris Pistorius attends a news conference in Hanover , Germany November 18 , 2015 . REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
Germany is on high alert after a spate of attacks since July 18 left 15 people dead - including four attackers - and dozens injured . Two assailants , a Syrian asylum seeker and a refugee from either Pakistan or Afghanistan , had links to Islamist militancy , officials say .
Interior Minister Boris Pistorius said in a statement that up to 400 police - including mobile squads and a special forces police commando - were involved in the raids on Wednesday in the Hildesheim area , which is a short drive south of Hanover .
“ The German-speaking Islamic circle ( DIK ) in Hildesheim is a nationwide hot-spot of the radical Salafist scene that Lower Saxony security authorities have been monitoring for a long time , ” the state official said .
Pistorius said the search followed months of planning and was an important step towards banning the association , which security authorities say has radicalised Muslims and encouraged them to take part in jihad in combat zones .
Numerous members of the mosque have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join Islamic State , while sermons , seminars and speeches call for “ hate against non-believers , ” the ministry said .
Germany has seen sharp increases in the number of ultra-conservative Islamists known as Salafists in recent years , with the total number of sympathisers now seen at 8,900 , up from 7,000 at the end of 2014 , German officials have said .
Security authorities say the DIK in Hildesheim is believed to have become the focal point of Salafist activities in Lower Saxony , the second-largest of Germany 's 16 states after Bavaria .
“ We will not put up with Salafist associations and their backers flouting our rules and bringing our rule of law into question and convincing young people that they want to join the so-called IS , ” Pistorius said .
“ I 'm convinced that our freedom is stronger than the inhuman ideology of the extremists , ” he added .
Some divorce lawyers say a kidney is not a marital asset to be divided A US man divorcing his wife is demanding that she return the kidney he donated to her or pay him $ 1.5m ( £1m ) in compensation . Dr Richard Batista told reporters that he decided to go public because he was frustrated at the slow pace of divorce negotiations with his estranged wife . He said he had not only given his heart to his wife , Dawnell , but donated his kidney to save her life . But divorce lawyers say a donated organ is not a marital asset to be divided . Dr Batista married Dawnell in 1990 and donated the kidney to her in 2001 . She filed for divorce in 2005 and a settlement has still not been reached . 'Betrayal ' He told reporters at his lawyer 's office in Long Island , New York , that going public was a last resort . I felt humiliated , betrayed , disrespected and disregarded
Dr Richard Batista `` There is no deeper pain that you can ever express than betrayal from somebody who you love and devoted your life to , '' he said . He said he had been prevented from seeing their three children for extended periods . `` I felt humiliated , betrayed , disrespected and disregarded for me as a person , as a man , as a husband , as a father . '' Dr Batista 's lawyer , Dominic Barbara , said his client was `` asking for the value of the kidney '' that he gave his wife . A lawyer for Mrs Batista said : `` The facts are n't as represented by Dr Batista . We will be addressing the issues before the judge within the next few days . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Briton confirms winning Giro d'Italia is a career target
After three years of domination by Philippe Gilbert in the competition , Tom Boonen has this year been named the Flandrien of the year . The Het Nieuwsblad-organised competition is run to determine the Belgian rider of the season , and Boonen has come out on top for 2012 .
The Paris-Roubaix and Tour of Flanders winner has beaten Gilbert , who took two stages in the Vuelta a España plus the world road race title . The latter finished second in the voting , with Thomas de Gendt third , world cyclo-cross champion Niels Albert fourth and Jurgen Van Den Broeck fifth .
Boonen last won the title in 2004 and 2005 . This year saw some extraordinary successes , with the Belgian taking those two Classic victories , as well as stages in the Tour de San Luis , Paris-Nice , the World Ports Classic and the Tour of Qatar , overall successes in the later two , as well as hitting the line first in the E3 Harelbeke , Gent-Wevelgem , Paris-Brussels and the national road race championships .
He and his Omega Pharma Quick Step team also triumphed in the world team time trial championships .
Meanwhile Britain 's Bradley Wiggins has been given the International Flandrien award . The accolade came at the end of a season which saw him take stages plus overall victories in Paris-Nice , the Tour de Romandie , Critérium du Dauphiné and the Tour de France , as well as the Olympic time trial .
“ This is excellent for British cycling , ” he said , according to Het Nieuwsblad . “ I deserve it too…I 've won a lot this year .
“ I am very happy that cycling in England now taken seriously . Previously it was only football , soccer and football . Now our sport climbs the ladder and that is fantastic . This is not only due to me but also to Cavendish . ”
Wiggins chose against attending the official presentation as he said that his life is so busy during the season that he tries to limit his commitments when possible . “ I live for months in a madhouse…my life has changed so drastically that I must control it . ”
British Cycling coach Shane Sutton recently suggested that Wiggins should target the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España next season rather than the Tour , saying that the rider needed new targets . He also argued that winning all three Grand Tours would make him a real legend of the sport .
Asked by Het Nieuwsblad what his plans were for 2013 , Wiggins did n't rule out chasing the Italian tour .
“ What I have achieved is difficult to match , ” he said . “ I have worked for so long and then it becomes difficult to do even better . I hope that winter brings me ideas . I 'd like to win the Giro . Maybe by next year , who knows ? ”
Marco Rubio has begun telling colleagues he will run for reelection to the Senate , according to two sources familiar with the discussions .
Rubio , who said when he announced his presidential bid in April that he would not seek reelection , had a change of heart following an aggressive push led by National Republican Senatorial Committee executive director Ward Baker , Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell and his allies , and a bevy of Florida politicos . All expressed concern about losing the seat to Democrats in an election year likely to prove difficult for Republicans across the board , one in which they have grown increasingly worried about keeping their Senate majority .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The decision was an agonizing one for Rubio and required a lot of effort on the part of his fellow Republicans : Rubio has until recently been stubbornly insistent that he is not running , and during the campaign , he said repeatedly that he had decided to leave office because the partisan gridlock in Washington has made it impossible to accomplish anything . Now , he will have to eat his words .
“ This is all a giant McConnell plot , ” says a source familiar with the push to convince Rubio to run , which began in earnest about three weeks ago . “ And they pulled it off . It 's impressive . They cleared the field . ”
That 's not technically true . Rubio still faces a four-way GOP primary , though his friend , Florida lieutenant governor Carlos Lopez-Cantera , said last week that he would exit the race if Rubio were to enter . Representative David Jolly dropped out last Friday , and another candidate , Representative Ron DeSantis , suggested that he would reconsider his options if Rubio jumped in . “ If he makes a decision to run , that changes a lot about how I look at the race , ” DeSantis told radio host Hugh Hewitt last week . Two other candidates — Carlos Beruff , a wealthy real-estate developer , and Todd Wilcox , a defense contractor — have said they will stay in the race . Beruff immediately released a statement blasting Rubio as “ Washington 's candidate . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rubio will undoubtedly become the frontrunner in the race . A Quinnipiac University poll released earlier today found Rubio leading the two top Democratic candidates for the seat — Representatives Patrick Murphy and Alan Grayson — 47 percent to 40 percent and 48 percent to 40 percent , respectively .
Sources say Rubio will not rely on the same campaign team he has used in the past , led by Terry Sullivan , who recently founded a crisis communications firm along with former Rubio press secretary Alex Conant . Sullivan and Conant are likely instead to helm a super PAC that will assist Rubio 's Senate bid . Sources say Rubio has tapped somebody else to lead his campaign , though they decline to name the individual .
Advertisement
Rubio is expected to make an official announcement later today . It follows a drawn-out period of indecision during which the 45-year-old Florida senator took stock of the past and was forced eventually to make a fraught calculation about his political future : at the heart of it was whether he could best position himself for a presidential bid in 2020 or 2024 from inside the Senate or as a political outsider .
“ I 'll go home later this week , and I 'll have some time with my family , and then if there 's been a change in our status I 'll be sure to let everyone know , ” he told reporters last week .
Two days before Christmas , at 10.30 in the evening , the vicarage doorbell rang in my parish of Gilesgate , Sherburn and Shadforth , former pit villages just to the east of Durham city centre . It was a police sergeant . He had a young woman in his car who had just been removed from a situation where she was suffering domestic violence .
The woman had said she knew me , and that I would be able to put her up for the night . If I could n't help , the sergeant explained , she was going to be on a chair in the front office of his police station until the morning .
My two grown-up children , both of them now in professional jobs and living away from home , were back to spend Christmas with me and their mother . They watched this scene unfold on our doorstep . Afterwards – when I had taken the woman to the local Travelodge , where we have an arrangement , and found her a room for the night – one of them remarked : “ What a strange way of life you live , Dad ! ”
And it can feel unreal . Stressful , too .
This summer , Justin Welby , the Archbishop of Canterbury and a former oil industry executive , revealed that his time as a parish priest was the most stressful job he has ever done . “ It was isolated , insatiably demanding and I was on the whole working without close colleagues – and that wears people down , ” he said . The role is “ for many , quite overwhelming and completely exhausting ” .
The inevitable now is official : Josh Freeman has been released by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported the Bucs released their erstwhile starting quarterback Thursday . According to Rapoport , the Bucs called the other 31 teams in an effort to trade Freeman . Finding no takers , the team moved on .
The Bucs will be on the hook for the balance of Freeman 's 2013 salary , which is $ 5.95 million , according to Rapoport .
ESPN 's Adam Schefter was first to report Freeman 's release .
`` We made the decision today to release Josh Freeman , '' general manager Mark Dominik said Thursday in a statement . `` We appreciate his efforts over the past five seasons , but we felt this was in the best interests of both Josh and the Buccaneers . ''
Rapoport also reported that the Bucs would 've taken on Freeman 's salary in a trade , but the team was nervous Freeman 's representation would 've tried to dictate a trade with a restructured contract , per a team source . The source also said the Bucs considered suspending Freeman and trying to fight for his salary , but , in the end , the team 's brass deemed it was n't worth the fight .
Freeman 's departure ends an ugly -- and embarrassing -- chapter in team history . The Bucs moved on from Freeman last week , installing third-round draft pick Mike Glennon as their starter . After a week of acrimony , the Bucs finally cut the cord on their former first-round pick and one-time franchise centerpiece .
Though Freeman 's struggles on the field served as the catalyst for his exit from Tampa , he will find work in the NFL . The question is which team will bite and how soon .
One option is the Oakland Raiders . The team is unsettled at the quarterback position , and Freeman has a direct connection to offensive coordinator Greg Olson , who was Freeman 's former coordinator with the Bucs .
Freeman also has ties to Alex Van Pelt , who currently is the Green Bay Packers ' running backs coach and formerly was Freeman 's quarterbacks coach with the Bucs . Van Pelt said in 2010 that there was no quarterback in football he would trade if it meant giving up Freeman .
There will be no shortage of potential suitors looking to bring in a talented quarterback who has lost his way .
The `` Around The League Podcast '' is now available on iTunes ! Click here to listen and subscribe .
Genital Tract On Woman
Spas offer treatments for just about every body part these days , so it is n't terribly surprising that the Tikkun Holistic Spa in Santa Monica is now offering a $ 50 V-Steam — literally a steam bath for their female clients ' genitalia . What is of interest is the treatment 's history .
Tikkun 's owners , Niki Han Schwarz and her husband , orthopedic surgeon Charles Schwarz , are using a centuries-old Korean remedy known as chai-yok , that is believed to regulate menstrual cycles and treat infertility . Han Schwartz swears by the treatment and insists that she is in a position to know : she told the Los Angeles Times that it was chai-yok that helped her conceive at the age of 45 , after 3 years of trying . ( More on Time.com : C-Sections on the Rise , Especially for Black Moms )
No surprise , many western docs are not sold in the treatment . “ It sounds like voodoo medicine that sometimes works , ” Dr. Vicken Sahakian , medical director of Pacific Fertility Center in Los Angeles , told the Times .
A session of chai-yok involves a pot of boiling water , infused with 14-20 different herbs , often imported from Korea . The primary herbal ingredients are mugwort and wormwood , which both have alleged antibacterial , antiviral and antifungal properties . The mixture is prepared and the pot is then positioned between the legs where the herbs work their putative magic . Simple .
Once confined to salons and spas throughout Korean neighborhoods , chai-yok is now appearing in establishments that cater to a more diverse clientele . Still , there is no evidence that steam from boiling herbs could have an effect on infertility , or anything else for that matter . The heat and vapor probably do increase blood flow to the pubic area , but so does a hot bath and that wo n't cost you $ 50 a pop . ( More on Time.com : Is “ Birth Rape ” for Real ? )
Verdict ? Could be fun and sort of novel , but do n't count on much more than that .
Related Links :
Who 's Too Posh to Push ? High Cesarean Section Rates Are n't Moms ' Fault
Halotherapy : Is Salt Treatment For Real ?
Study : Why We Think Women Are More Trustworthy Than Men
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers wasted no time finding the man to run their team .
Lovie Smith will be the new coach in Tampa , NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported Wednesday , according to a person with knowledge of the negotiations . The team officially announced Smith 's five-year contract Thursday .
Smith , the former Chicago Bears coach , was the leading candidate from the start of the Bucs ' search . He will return to the team where he was the linebackers coach from 1996 to 2000 . Fox 's Jay Glazer first reported the contract .
League executives informed of the Bucs ' process told Rapoport earlier this week that there was talk of bringing together the old Tampa Bay group , including former Bears general manager Jerry Angelo , former Seahawks general manager Tim Ruskell and others . Two other personnel men formerly with the Bears -- Kansas City 's Chris Ballard and Washington 's Morocco Brown -- also are names to watch , Rapoport reported .
Smith compiled an 81-63 record in nine seasons with the Bears . During his time in the Windy City , Smith championed solid defensive groups . His talents and leadership should mesh well with the defensive personnel currently in Tampa .
The biggest critique of Smith in Chicago was his handling of the offensive side of the ball .
To quell those concerns , sources close to Smith have told Rapoport that former Cal head coach Jeff Tedford will be brought in as offensive coordinator . The details of that deal are still being worked out .
For defensive coordinator , Smith is looking at two options . His first choice is Rod Marinelli , the former Detroit Lions head coach who 's currently under contract with the Cowboys as a defensive line coach . If Smith ca n't get permission from the Cowboys to speak to Marinelli , Rapoport said former Vikings coach Leslie Frazier likely would be brought on as defensive coordinator .
With the hiring of Smith , the Bucs will be a trendy pick to go from cellar dweller to playoff contender -- similar to the path the Kansas City Chiefs took this year after bringing on Andy Reid .
Smith previously interviewed with the Houston Texans , who will name Bill O'Brien as their head coach . The Detroit Lions also had strong interest in interviewing Smith for their opening .
The Bucs made sure Smith never made it to that interview .
The latest `` Around The League Podcast '' recapped the coaching carousel and looked back on 2013 .
The 2015 Bihar Assembly Elections witnessed three major parties JD ( U ) , RJD and Congress coming together to form a ‘ grand alliance ' for taking on BJP . On the other hand BJP also joined hands with several local parties including that of former chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi .
Advertising
However , a letter written by former Gujarat BJP MLA Yatin Oza to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal reveals that there was another ‘ secret ' alliance which took place after a meeting between AIMIM leader and party chief Asaduddin Owaisi 's younger brother Akbaruddin Owaisi and BJP president Amit Shah at the latter 's residence .
As first reported by JantaKaReporter , Oza has decided to join AAP and he might be formally inducted into the party on Thursday . It also says that he had met Kejriwal during his two-day visit to the state .
[ related-post ]
Watch Video : What 's making news
According to the letter , it was mutually decided that Owaisi 's AIMIM would field candidates in Bihar 's Muslim dominated areas . “ It was also decided that Shri Owaisi will vomit poisonous communal speech the script of which shall be written by Shri Amit Shah , which may have potentiality to result into communal divide in the society , ” stated Oza in the letter .
Here is full copy of the letter :
A report on the almost three-year search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 said Tuesday the continuing mystery over the fate of the plane and the 239 people on board is `` almost inconceivable . ''
But the Australian Transport Safety Bureau 's final report on the search , which was abandoned in January , concedes that authorities are no closer to knowing the reasons for the plane 's disappearance , or its exact location . This is despite last year 's narrowing down of its most likely resting place to a 9,650-square mile patch of the southern Indian Ocean .
The Boeing 777 carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew disappeared soon into its flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 , 2014 .
A 52-day surface search covered an area of several million square square miles in the Indian Ocean west of Australia , before an underwater search mapped 274,000 square miles of seabed at depths of up to 20,000 feet . They were the largest aviation searches of their kind in history , the bureau said .
Despite other methods such as studying satellite imagery and investigating ocean drifts after debris from the plane washed ashore on islands in the eastern Indian Ocean and the east coast of Africa , the 1,046-day search was called off by the governments of Malaysia , China and Australia on Jan. 17 .
`` The reasons for the loss of MH370 can not be established with certainty until the aircraft is found , '' the bureau , which coordinated the search , said in the 440-page report .
`` It is almost inconceivable and certainly societally unacceptable in the modern aviation era with 10 million passengers boarding commercial aircraft every day , for a large commercial aircraft to be missing and for the world not to know with certainty what became of the aircraft and those on board , '' it said .
`` The ATSB expresses our deepest sympathies to the families of the passengers and crew on board MH370 . We share your profound and prolonged grief , and deeply regret that we have not been able to locate the aircraft , nor those 239 souls on board that remain missing . ''
However , the report said the understanding of where the plane may be is `` better now than it has ever been , '' partly as a result of studying debris that washed ashore in 2015 and 2016 which showed the plane was `` not configured for a ditching at the end-of-flight , '' meaning it had run out of fuel .
The search team also looked back at satellite imagery which showed objects in the ocean that may have been MH370 debris . The report said this analysis complemented work detailed in a 2016 review and identified an area of less than 9,650 square miles — roughly the size of the U.S. state of Vermont — that `` has the highest likelihood of containing MH370 . ''
The bureau noted the Malaysian government is `` continuing work on their investigation of the facts and circumstances surrounding the loss of MH370 . ''
The search was extremely difficult because no transmissions were received from the aircraft after its first 38 minutes of flight . Systems designed to automatically transmit the flight 's position failed to work after this point , the report said .
Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite communication data revealed the aircraft had continued to fly for seven hours . Its last positively known position was fixed at the northern tip of Sumatra by surveillance systems operating that night , six hours before it ended its flight in the southern Indian Ocean .
The bureau said the search had at least led to some important gains in the field of locating missing aircraft on flights over deep ocean areas , with improvements made to systems for tracking aircraft .
`` Steps are being taken to advance other aircraft systems including emergency locator transponders and flight recorder locator beacons , '' the report said .
ATSB Chief Commissioner Greg Hood praised the commitment of everyone involved in the search .
`` This was an unprecedented endeavor and there has been an extraordinary response from the global community , '' he said in a statement .
Image copyright Bangla Focus Image caption Jamaat supporters blocked roads in Gaibandha , where a police station was attacked
At least 30 people have died in clashes in Bangladesh sparked by a death sentence handed to a senior Islamist leader for war crimes .
A tribunal sentenced Delwar Hossain Sayeedi to death for crimes including murder , torture and rape during the country 's 1971 war of independence .
The verdict was cheered by his opponents but supporters of his Jamaat-e-Islami party clashed with police .
Jamaat say that the tribunal is biased against the party .
Sayeedi is the third person to be convicted by the tribunal so far , and the most senior .
As well as those killed , hundreds were injured in clashes between police and Jamaat supporters across the country .
In the northern Gaibandha district , three police officers were beaten to death when about 2,000 Jamaat supporters went on the rampage in protest at the verdict and attacked a police station .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Delwar Hossain Sayeedi has denied all 19 charges against him
Police reported that a Hindu temple and houses belonging to Hindu families had been attacked in Noakhali .
Violence was reported in several other locations across the country .
Thousands of police were deployed in the capital Dhaka to maintain security there .
Angry demonstrations
Lawyers for Sayeedi say they plan to appeal in the Supreme Court .
Jamaat rejects the tribunal and staged a strike on Thursday in protest . After the verdict was announced it called a further two-day stoppage for Sunday and Monday .
The party was opposed to Bangladeshi independence but denies any role in war crimes committed by pro-Pakistan militias .
Official estimates say more than three million people were killed in the war .
On hearing the verdict , anti-Jamaat protesters who had gathered at a busy intersection in the city erupted into cheers .
The verdict is the third issued by the controversial tribunal , which is trying a total of nine Jamaat leaders and two members of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party .
Sayeedi was accused of working with the Al-Badr group during the independence struggle and carrying out numerous atrocities , including forcibly converting Hindus to Islam .
Bangladesh independence war , 1971 Image copyright Getty Images Civil war erupts in Pakistan , pitting the West Pakistan army against East Pakistanis demanding autonomy and later independence
Fighting forces an estimated 10 million East Pakistani civilians to flee to India
In December , India invades East Pakistan in support of the East Pakistani people
Pakistani army surrenders at Dhaka and its army of more than 90,000 become Indian prisoners of war
East Pakistan becomes the independent country of Bangladesh on 16 December 1971
Exact number of people killed is unclear - Bangladesh says it is three million but independent researchers say it is up to 500,000 fatalities Watershed moment Key defendants Article that changed history
His critics say that during the war , he formed a small group to loot and seize the property of Bengali Hindus and those who supported independence .
The tribunal found Sayeedi guilty of eight out of the 20 charges levelled against him . These were murder , torture , rape and forcibly converting Hindus to Islam .
Earlier this month , another Jamaat leader , Abdul Kader Mullah , was sentenced to life for crimes against humanity .
In January , former party leader Abul Kalam Azad was found guilty in absentia of eight charges of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death .
Recent weeks have seen a series of angry demonstrations demanding the execution of Jamaat leaders being tried by the tribunal . But there have also been protests against the court .
The special court was set up in 2010 by the current Bangladeshi government to deal with those accused of collaborating with Pakistani forces who attempted to stop East Pakistan ( as Bangladesh was then ) from becoming an independent country .
But human rights groups have said the tribunal falls short of international standards .
Amidst the JNU row currently dominating the political discourse in the country , the Modi government has decided to take a significant step . At a conference chaired by the HRD Ministry on Thursday , a decision was taken to fly the national flag prominently at all central universities . The conference was attended by 46 Vice Chancellors of central universities .
National flag to fly prominently and proudly at all central universities : Unanimous resolution adopted by VCs of central universities — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) February 18 , 2016
The specific measurement of the flag was also decided . The flag will be hoisted on a 207-feet high mast , as per media reports . The decision is significant close on the heels of the controversy regarding the chanting of 'anti-national ' slogans ' in JNU and Jadavpur University campuses . Many are looking at this decision as a mean to foster patriotic feeling among the students and the youth at large . The national flag at Delhi 's Connaught Place is also 207 feet high .
The Modi govt and BJP has taken a strong stand regarding 'anti-national ' slogans raised at JNU campus saying that such activities will not be tolerated . Currently , the JNUSU President Kanhaiya Kumar is in Tihar jail after being slapped with sedition charge .
How The Rule Of Law Is Actually Undermining Human Rights
from the pay-attention-to-the-exceptions dept
This is from a little while ago , but I just had a chance to listen to a fascinating and eye-opening lecture by Professor Conor Gearty at the London School of Economics ( LSE posts many of their public lectures online as podcasts , some of which are really excellent ) . The lecture was officially entitled : Human Rights , Security and the Rule of Law after Snowden . It caught my attention for a variety of reasons , including the inclusion of Snowden , but the bigger point of the lecture actually had very little to do with Snowden . It 's really about the gradual and systematicof human rightsand regulations.Gearty 's point is a powerful one : lots of people quite reasonably push for human rights laws and regulations -- but what gets left ignored are how those laws are systematically being used to actually deprive people of human rights . He focuses on UK law ( for obvious reasons ) , but we 've seen similar patterns elsewhere . The idea is that `` the rule of law '' is being used to chip away at actual human rights , often by setting up either exceptions to human rights lawby setting up laws that fundamentally violate human rights but which paper it over by having a process for ( often secret ) `` review . '' So , in the US , for example , think of the FISA law , which set up the FISA court , which has rubber stamped all sorts of questionable invasions of privacy . Gearty points to similar situations in the UK , noting that when challenged , these are all deemed to be perfectly `` consistent with human rights '' because the officials who do it are `` complying with the law . `` In fact , this kind of thing goes back to the point that John Oliver raised soon after the Snowden disclosures . He noted that the disturbing thing was n't that the surveillance broke the law , but that it did n't break the law . In some ways , there are also parallels between this and things like the requirement for `` privacy policies '' for websites and apps . The laws basically require , but not much actual privacy . And thus , sites actually have incentives to write a policy that says theyrespect your privacy , because that 's much harder to violate . Thus , when they do violate your privacy they 're still `` within the law , '' even if the privacy violations are themselves questionable.The larger point here is really about this concept of `` the rule of law '' and how it can be used to actually undermine . You create `` rules '' that can be followed , but which allow for things that , by any common sense analysis , are abusive and troublesome , but you insist that they 're fine because they 're `` lawful . `` At the end , Gearty points out that he 's quite fearful that this kind of `` rule of law '' attack on human rights is being extended in a manner to target and attack the poor as well . He gave this speech a few weeks prior to the events in Ferguson , Missouri that we 've been discussing recently , but it 's not hard to see the parallels there . The `` rule of law '' has been used in Ferguson quite a bit over the past couple weeks to justify actions that seem horrific , from killing an unarmed teenager , to teargassing protesters , to wiping out parts of the First Amendment to bringing in militarized police . And the defenders of these programs all point to the `` rule of law '' as justification.Increasingly , however , it seems like `` the rule of law '' is being used as a dangerous and misleading shield for some very corrupt behavior .
Filed Under : conor gearty , human rights , rule of law , security
Oh , good , another bunch of questions for atheists – as if the believers have n't been told often enough .
10 Questions For Every Atheist – “ Some Questions Atheist Can not Truly and Honestly REALLY Answer ! Which leads to some interesting conclusions… ”
1 . How Did You Become an Atheist ?
The indoctrination I was subjected to as a child was n't strong enough to keep me from figuring out there was n't a jot of evidence for any god . When there is zero evidence for something we might as well behave as if if does n't exist rather than pretending it does . Most of us do n't go around worrying that the Loch Ness monster exists , or Big Foot . I realise some people do , but most of you Christians may well agree those guys look like idiots . Sorry , but that 's how you look to an atheist .
2 . What happens when we die ?
Our bodies decompose , or are burned in a crematorium , or whatever . When the brain stops working there 's no sign of the mysterious ‘ us ' I think you 're going on about . That ‘ us ' , or that ‘ me ' , exists as a transient effect of a complex brain doing so much self-monitoring it makes itself think there 's a thing , ‘ me ' . The brain ca n't detect the minute detail of this process , so to the brain this higher level process feels like a free floating thing , a soul , a mind ; and because it ca n't detect the detail it also makes it feel like the causal effects that make the brain-body do stuff feel like a non-phyisically-caused will , a free will . This is an illusion caused by this inability to detect the detail , and is an evolutionarily efficient process .
Look , when you want to test if your cup of tea is warm or cold , you put your hand around the cup and feel it . This produces a general warm-cold sensation , a feeling , in the brain . You do n't count the action potential blips in your hand 's neurons . Imagine having to check every neuron connection in your brain – trillions of them . Far more efficient to let them do their thing and pop up a message into the conscious brain “ Hey ! Hungry ! Lunch time yet ? Yeah . I 'm off to lunch. ” – It feels like a free will decision , but it is n't . Try some of this stuff : https : //ronmurp.net/consciousness/
When all that stops , you 're dead . There are some states where much of the biology is still working , the heart is still ticking , the neurons are still firing to some extent , but your brain 's conscious processes are n't aware of it . You 're asleep , unconscious , brain dead , or dying , … – it depends on the details . Anyway , when you 're dead there 's none of that processing . You are no longer around . And you no longer care about whether you were an atheist , a believer , or even a Belieber .
3 . What if you 're wrong ? And there is a Heaven ? And there is a HELL !
What if you 're wrong and you 've chosen the wrong God ? I 'll deal with it , I 'll have to , as will you .
But if there 's a God at all worth giving the time of day here 's what he 'll do . He 'll give all us humanst science based atheists a pat on the back and welcome us into proper heaven , for not being so dumb as to fall for all that religious crap that 's so easy to dismiss . And you think such an intelligent entity wants to spend eternity with a bunch of gullible idiots that prayed to the wrong god because they beleived some ancient dick 's stories ? What do you take God for , an idiot ?
4 . Without God , where do you get your morality from ?
This question shows the religious confusion about morality . It 's human opinions about how best to get along . That 's all it is , opinons put on a pedastal , dressed in fine clothes , and worshipped as if it 's the word of some god . Try this : Morality and Opinions
5 . If there is no God , can we do what we want ? Are we free to murder and rape ? While good deeds are unrewarded ?
Yes . Go ahead . Try it . Plenty do . Some even do it in the name of their god . Have you not noticed reality ? Good deeds do indeed often go unrewarded , and bad ones unpunished . Inventing an afterlife were you think this gets sorted out is just as childinsh as “ Not fair ! I 'm gon na tell dad ! ” Take some responsibility ; get on board with learning some ethics . If you need God to sort this out it means you are incapable of doing it yourself .
6 . If there is no god , how does your life have any meaning ?
I give it meaning . As do you . Of course you give it a pointless unfounded meaning be pretending there 's a god that tells you what to get out of life . Loser .
7 . Where did the universe come from ?
Who the hell knows . At least cosmologists are trying to figure that out , with science , instead of pretending some desert dude knew .
8 . What about miracles ? What all the people who claim to have a connection with Jesus ? What about those who claim to have seen saints or angels ?
There 's no evidence for miracles . The people that claim connection with Jesus are deluding themselves . What about people that claim to have seen Big Foot or Nessie or Santa ? Are you a child ?
9 . What 's your view of Dawkins , Hitchens and Harris ?
They are people trying to figure out various aspects of reality , from brains to biology to society . They do n't use desert tribe myths to do that . And , all this ‘ racist ' , ‘ Islamophobe ' bull shit ? They are humanists . You ahve been listening to the lies of others so much I guess your bad opnion of them is screwed – and if you 're a bleiever you probably feel offended by being told you 're believing stupid stuff .
10 . If there is no God , then why does every society have a religion ?
Because humans as a lot range from reasonable inquisitive intelligence to totally dumb gullibility . Even an intelligent person can be indoctrinated into religion so that it 's really ahrd to shake off . And , religion is a great social control mechanism , so it 's no surprise that many a narcisistic monarch or religious leader has used it as the bg stick to keep the plebs in line . You 're still in line .
For answers to similarly ‘ clever ' questions that are supposed to confound atheists , try these : What do Atheists Actually Believe ?
And , from Damion over at Skeptic Ink network : Ten Questions For Every Christian . Damn , I 'd be embarrased having to answer those .
Watch his video and meet Milton ! He is a sweet and loving fella that ca n't wait to find his new best friend in life . This little man is looking for a place to call his own and a companion to spend lots of time with . Milton came to us declawed and will need a strictly indoors-only home . Milton would enjoy playing with you , napping in the sun and chatting about his day . His handsome face and endearing personality will capture your heart and make you ask yourself how you ever lived without him . Is Milton the feline friend you have been searching for ? Milton comes with a medical consult prior to adoption to help us get started off on the right paw .
The adoption fee includes spay/neuter , microchip ID , collar and OHS I.D . tag , initial vaccines , courtesy veterinarian exam , 30 days free PetPlan health insurance for Oregon Residents and plenty of post adoption support !
Now that I feel my baby move , it 's as if her existence had been in black and white , and now I see it in color .
Since I found out I was pregnant , stories about violence to children have made me feel quite literally sick . This deeper horror in the pit of my stomach exacerbated the morning sickness . From the statistics on DIY abortions to a toddler being batted around by 900-pound gorilla to a murdered pregnant mother and her three-year-old son shot in the face and in critical condition—until very recently , I 've found it too physically and emotionally taxing to write on such violence .
For instance , take Glamour magazine 's “ continuing coverage of Abortion in America : The Tipping Point , ” a new section on its website . So far , all its materials are from a pro-abortion perspective , as if there were some consensus that violence to the unborn is reasonable .
Take this paragraph , for instance . It 's an excerpt Glamour published from Lindy West 's new book : “ I do n't give a damn why anyone has an abortion . I believe unconditionally in the right of people with uteruses to decide what grows inside their body and feeds on their blood and reroutes their future . There are no ‘ good ' abortions and ‘ bad ' abortions , there are only pregnant people who want them and pregnant people who do n't , pregnant people who have access and support and pregnant people who face institutional roadblocks… ”
Such callous regard for unborn babies should be enough to make any parent weep . But more than that , views like this have made me angry . Angry that some people do n't understand my baby is a human being , a person . My attitude toward this subject has gone from “ Well , of course it 's a baby ” as a childless woman to , now that I 'm halfway through my pregnancy , “ How the hell can you not see this is a child ? ”
Then Baby Says Hello
I have n't written much on social media about the little girl I expect to hold in my arms come October . My instinct has been to keep things quiet . I did n't “ announce ” formally until almost 14 weeks along , while friends and relatives have announced at eight weeks or even five . With the morning sickness that has made nearly every day up until a couple weeks ago feel like a slow recovery from the flu , I have n't had the energy to post cheery pictures of my growing tummy , holding whatever fruit my baby is the size of that week . Neither did I want to look back in the coming years at how much pregnancy bitching I did on social media . So I chose to keep my day-to-day thoughts on this new chapter in my life private .
But then something happened that I had to share more openly : At 20 weeks , I finally felt her kick . It was n't like “ butterflies , ” as some had suggested . She woke me up in the middle of the night . It was unmistakably my little girl , awake and moving around . She has muscles—let me tell you , it is n't comfortable . I physically startled when I saw my stomach bulge with a particularly strong kick . Last Friday afternoon she was kicking for several hours . She 's kicking right now .
No , it 's not comfortable . No , it does n't feel “ natural , ” not because it is n't , but because there 's nothing I 've felt quite like it . My husband told me our baby never felt more real than after she started kicking . The ultrasounds were beautiful , especially seeing her heartbeat . But it was still more conceptual at that point . When you feel her move , it 's like she 's saying , “ I 'm here ! I 'm real ! I 'll be out in the world soon ! ”
She 's Really A Person
Her room is ready , in pastel gray with pink and purple accents . We chose a bird theme . I 'm nestled in my glider as I write in this quiet little space we 've prepared for her .
She 's been a real person from the beginning , although she does n't even have a name yet . But now that I feel her move , it 's as if her existence had been in black and white , and now I see it in color . I nearly cried in the shower one morning soon after the kicking started , when I thought of all the babies that let their moms know how real they are , but the mothers decided to end their unborn babies ' life anyway . How can anyone do that , after feeling , not just emotionally , but physically , how real their baby is ?
It 's an honest question . How much must you invest in the narrative that your baby is n't real until he or she is born that you can overcome such a strong indicator that your baby is a tiny , growing person who already impacts your life in a tangible way ?
I have always believed in the sanctity of unborn life . But now it is beyond belief—it knows firsthand . I do n't have to love every minute of motherhood , but I embrace that it is motherhood , not a physical condition that can be cured with chemicals or surgery , should you choose . Pregnancy is no picnic for me , but I do n't treat her as unwanted , an inconvenience , an ailment to be remedied . It just means I look forward to her birth even more .
For the first time in my life , the life of my baby is more than a concept , and so now all my reactions to pro-abortion articles are physical , not just intellectual or even emotional . Although I thought maybe my pregnancy would bring my heart closer to all women who have been pregnant , I confess I have lost some compassion for the women the pro-life movement often generally portrays as “ victims . ”
The Victims Become Victimizers
Many are victims , of abusive partners or coercive relatives , or they see reflected in their desperate circumstances a victim tempting them to escape their own mistake . But a majority ( 59 percent , according to the Guttmacher Institute ) of women who abort have given birth before . They 've been through the whole experience , seen the ultrasounds , heard the heartbeat , felt their child move in the womb—and still they decide the next time around that this baby 's life is expendable , or convince themselves he or she is n't a person yet , or do n't want to bring baby into tough circumstances , or whatever the reason may be .
A relative recently told me of an acquaintance who traveled a good distance to get an abortion . The reason ? She and her husband were “ done having kids. ” They just did n't want any more children . It is so hard for me to wrap my head , much less my heart , around how one can go through with an abortion after knowing pregnancy and birth so intimately .
I do n't pity these women as victims , or praise them as self-empowering . As I laid in bed last night with angry tears spilling onto my pillow , my hand rested on my abdomen to feel my baby kick . How could this be , that these mothers commit such violence against their children ? I told God how angry , how bitter I felt toward them . I knew I should be filled with more grace , but I was empty of it . I was void of empathy and love .
Then came a gentler thought to cover my anger . Yes , all women who have had abortions need healing , but they also need divine forgiveness and grace , as we all do . The empathy I have with these mothers is that of a fellow sinner in need of redemption . We all deserve the wrath of a righteous judge , and judgment will come . But grace has already come through Christ , and he mends what is torn . It is through him that we can love fully ; he replaces the turmoil of our wrongdoing with a peace “ that transcends all understanding . ”
The woman who aborts needs God 's grace because she ended another innocent human life , a life that was n't hers to take . The unborn are persons . My baby is real—not just real to me , but objectively real . She shows up in my blood test and on the ultrasound , and others can feel her kicks . She is very much a human being .
So the next time you are tempted to believe in a woman 's “ right to choose , ” remember that it is n't a decision over whether a clump of tissue can grow in your uterus , or a parasite is allowed to feed off your blood . It is the power over the life or death of another human being .
Manhattan , once the mecca for technology and innovation on the east coast , is now losing ground to the outer boroughs . Massive growth has led to high rents and lack of space for burgeoning businesses . Demand for office space by tech companies increased 177 percent from 2002-2012 , representing 25 percent of New York City leases . To that end , the vacancy rate in NYC is just 9 percent ( compared to 15 percent nationwide ) , creating supply and demand issues that are grossly impacting rents .
But the startup nation is great at finding solutions to their problems . Because the problem is high-priced prime locations , they 're simply expanding their definition of prime and extending the Alley to a place where they can afford to grow their business — Brooklyn .
With the development of formerly working-class neighborhoods like Bay Ridge and the Brooklyn Waterfront well underway , land developers and brokers are now pushing commercial space in these non-traditional areas , making the distinction between residential and commercial neighborhoods even grayer . Undaunted and receptive , tech companies are packing their bags and venturing across the Bridge .
Companies like Etsy and MakerBot , as well as startups like goTenna and Honeybee Robotics , are pioneers settling in non-traditional spaces in DUMBO , downtown Brooklyn and the Brooklyn Navy Yard — now dubbed the Brooklyn Tech Triangle . Tech companies are taking over old factories and warehouses and creating shared workspaces , incubators and office buildings for the creative class . Tenancy in this area grew 22 percent in just three years , to the point where an increasing lack of commercial space in the Triangle is creating a wider circle of opportunity for Brooklyn-bound ventures .
Livestream left Chelsea and moved their headquarters to Bushwick , where they found 45,000 square feet of space surrounded by old factories from which to launch and grow a series of new initiatives for their business . One of the top five CRE deals in March 2016 was for a 550,000 square-foot industrial space in Clinton Hill just south of the Navy Yard that will specifically target tech and creative tenants who can no longer find or afford space in DUMBO , Williamsburg , Fort Greene and downtown Brooklyn .
PivotDesk is also seeing this trend play out . When compared to the Flatiron district , PivotDesk saw an 80 percent increase in space availability on their platform in Crown Heights , Clinton Hill and the Brooklyn Navy Yard since 2015 , and a 300 percent growth in request for Brooklyn space from 2014 to 2015 .
Rapid business growth in response to a growing populous attracted to lower rents have drawn Manhattanites to the Other Manhattan .
However , the need for space continues to grow . Where people go , jobs go .
Employment increased 45 percent in the Brooklyn Tech Triangle , catalyzed in part by Fortune 500 companies like J.P. Morgan , which moved 2,000 jobs to downtown Brooklyn in 2014 , and Time Inc. , which moved 300 of its technology , content solutions and editorial innovation employees to Industry City in Sunset Park , Brooklyn . On the flip side , computer developers are thriving in Brooklyn and refusing to commute to Manhattan , thus compelling companies to move where they can find rich talent that will help their businesses flourish .
New York City is also responding in kind . Programs like the Relocation Employment Assistance Program ( REAP ) provide $ 3,000 in annual tax credits for each employee , and the New York City Commercial Expansion Program ( CEP ) provides $ 10 per square foot rebates for up to five years , which can mean big savings for startups looking to hang onto some cash . Even the Industrial & Commercial Abatement Program ( ICAP ) awards property tax refunds for up to 25 years to building owners who complete significant renovations on their properties .
And then there is transportation . Plans to build the Brooklyn Queens Connector ( BQX ) — a light rail streetcar system — are in the works to connect the Brooklyn and Queens waterfronts . But that will take some time , and the City will be forced to find alternative ways to better connect these traditionally underserved Brooklyn neighborhoods with new transportation options like expanded Select Bus Service and bike lane routes .
A new South Brooklyn ferry service will launch in summer 2017 , linking Brooklynites with the Financial District and Midtown . The private sector will also bridge the divide . Uber is already increasing its market share of rides as compared to yellow cabs in Queens and Brooklyn . Bike-sharing programs that are so popular with the tech community in New York City will fill the gaps , and carpooling and ridesharing apps like Via and Gett will take off in a big way .
Rapid business growth in response to a growing populous attracted to lower rents have drawn Manhattanites to the Other Manhattan , but this mass exodus is fast hitting the wall of supply versus demand , which will compel companies that are part of the creative economy to become even more innovative in finding affordable solutions as rents start to increase .
When easier transportation becomes available in DUMBO , Williamsburg , The Navy Yard and Gowanus , these outer borough destinations will become even more attractive to tech companies that want to attract top talent and avoid astronomical rent .
Shared office spaces are already in high demand , and we expect companies will take on larger spaces to secure their foothold in Brooklyn and simply monetize their excess space until they grow into it . And when Brooklyn becomes the next Manhattan , startups will just reinvent another city and grow into other outer boroughs — starting with Queens .
Answer
Consult Surgery for Fournier 's Gangrene
Explanation
There are few urologic emergencies that are more important to quickly recognize than Fournier 's gangrene . A necrotizing infection of the perineum , Fournier 's is usually caused by a polymicrobial infection . The condition is life-threatening with a mortality rate up to 22 % despite aggressive therapy . 1
The infection has a predilection for diabetic , alcoholic , and immunocompromised patients . It commonly starts as a cellulitis of the perineum or perianal region accompanied by significant pain and swelling . Systemic signs are common , often “ out of proportion ” to the local extent of disease . Crepitus can develop due to gas forming organisms . It can quickly spread to involve the scrotum , penis , and abdominal wall before progressing to extensive necrosis , sepsis with multiple organ failure , and death . 2
Emergency physicians should immediately consult a surgeon and start broad spectrum antibiotics . 3
By Meredith Lyons
Chicago Air and Water Show
North Avenue Beach
1600 N Lake Shore Drive
Chicago , IL 60614
( 312 ) 747-0832
explorechicago.org
Dates : August 18 and 19
Hours : 10 a.m. to 3 p.m .
As the oldest , largest and longest running free-air demonstration in the United States , the Chicago Air and Water Show is something that everyone in the area should witness at least once . Beginning right off the Magnificent Mile , North Avenue Beach is considered ‘ Ground Zero ' for the event . It 's the best place to get a full view of all of the aeronautic goings on . You 'll want to get to the beach early because the show starts at 10 a.m . Grab a spot before the crowds start filtering in . Bring your own blanket and sunscreen , as well as plenty of water , and stake out a great viewing area for your party . Water is the only outside food or drink item that can be admitted but there will be food vendors along the beach to keep you satisfied throughout the show .
Performances
Headliners
This year 's Chicago Air and Water Show headliners include the U.S. Navy Blue Angels , the U.S. Army Parachute Team Golden Knights and the U.S. Navy Parachute Team Leap Frogs . The Blue Angels have been performing impressive aerial acrobatics in F/A-18 Hornets since 1946 . This group is potentially the most popular of performers at the Air and Water Show with its famous diamond formation and precision flying . The elite team performs choreographed , high-altitude , aerobatic maneuvers and is known for its six-jet formations and impressive solo acts . The Golden Knights begin the performance by leaping out of an aircraft flying 12,500 feet above North Avenue Beach . The free-fall speeds can exceed 120 mph . While the team floats toward the beach , it will perform impressive precision parachute demonstrations . The Leap Frogs generally feature 14 jumpers . Like the Golden Knights , this group begins its fall at 12,500 and also reaches free-fall speeds between 120 and 180 mph depending on body positioning . At approximately 5,000 feet , the jumpers will release their chutes and begin performing their intricate canopy formations .
Civilian Aircraft
The civilian aircraft set to perform in this year 's Chicago Air and Water Show include the Aeroshell Aerobatic Team , Kirby Chambliss , Sean D. Tucker & Team Oracle , The Red Bull Air Force , Dave Dacy in the Super Stearman , The Firebirds , Lima Lima Flight Crew , Matt Chapman Aerobatics and Chuck Aaron in the Red Bull Helicopter .
The Aeroshell Aerobatic team has been performing for over 20 years , flying vintage aircraft like the North American AT-6 “ Texan. ” Kirby Chambliss will be flying in the Red Bull Edge 540 . Chambliss started flying at the age of 13 and became a commercial pilot at the age of 24 . Eventually , he viewed the commercial gig as a day job to fund his true love of acrobatic piloting . Sean D. Tucker & Team Oracle have received all of the airshow industry 's highest awards . Tucker 's plane , the Challenger II biplane , was designed by his team and is a one-of-a-kind airplane able to perform any move Tucker asks of it . The Red Bull Air Force is an elite group of skydivers for Red Bull . Dave Dacy in the Super Stearman has performed in movies and commercials in addition to having over 30 years of experience in the airshow industry . The Firebirds will perform acrobatics that include radical gyroscopic tumbles and intense , head-on stunts that are sure to keep audiences on the edge of their seats . The Lima Lima Flight Crew consists of six airplanes that demonstrate several complex formations for the entertainment of viewers below . Matt Chapman has been flying aerobatics since 1984 and has twice earned a rare spot on the Men 's Unlimited Aerobatic Team . The Unlimited category is the highest level of competition in aerobatics . Chuck “ Malibu ” Aaron is the only civilian helicopter pilot licensed to perform aerobatics in the United States and one of three licensed to perform dangerous maneuvers internationally .
Military Aircraft
This year 's featured military aircraft performing in the Chicago Air and Water Show include Heritage Flight , KC 135 Stratotanker Aerial Refueling , USAF F-16 Fighting Falcon , USAF T-38 Talon , USAF T-6 Texan , F-4 , U.S.N . F-18 Super Hornet Demo , U.S. Coast Guard and Chicago Fire Department Air/Sea Rescue .
The Heritage Flight show is presented by the U.S. Air Force and includes the flight of vintage aircraft alongside the most up-to-date fighter aircraft . The KC 135 Stratotanker Aerial Refueling will be a demonstration of a mid-air refueling which is the Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker 's main function . The USAF F-16 Fighting Falcon was originally designed as a day fighter but has evolved into a multirole , all-weather aircraft . The USAF T-38 Talon is used as a training jet for The United States Air Force ( USAF ) as well as NASA and some NATO pilots in joint training programs . USAF T-6 Texan is a single-engine turbo prop aircraft used by both the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Navy for basic pilot training .
The F-4 is a highly-adaptable aircraft that was originally produced and used by the U.S. Navy but has since been adopted also by the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Air Force . The F-18 Super Hornet not only carries an internal 20-mm gun , but has the ability to carry air-to-air missiles and air-to-surface weapons as well as additional fuel with up to five external fuel tanks . The U.S. Coast Guard is present even in the smaller areas of harbors , rivers and seas and will be performing a demonstration at the water show . Lastly , the Chicago Fire Department 's Air/Sea Rescue team will be showcasing their valiant abilities .
Parking
Millennium Park Garage
5 S Columbus Drive
Chicago , IL 60601
( 312 ) 616-0600
millenniumgarages.com
If you are unable to take public transportation , Millennium Park Garage is far enough away from the event that you wo n't be caught up in crowds . The garage also offers free shuttle transportation to North Avenue Beach . It is located directly beneath Millennium Park so that if you so chose , you could take in the sights of the Cloud Gate Sculpture ( also known as the Bean ) , the Crown Fountains and Lurie Gardens on your return from the show .
Related : The Best Boating Trips Near Chicago
Dining
Castaways Bar and Grill
1603 N Lake Shore Drive
Chicago , IL 60614
( 773 ) 281-1200
Scan North Avenue Beach until you spot a building with the appearance of a beached ship and you 've found Castaways . Located conveniently on North Avenue Beach , it 's your best beach location for food and alcoholic beverages . Castaways also hosts an exclusive viewing area from its rooftop . You can purchase tickets in advance for the event which generally includes breakfast , lunch , an open bar and seating .
RJ Grunts
2056 Lincoln Park W
Chicago , IL 60614
( 773 ) 929-5363
While you 're in Lincoln Park , it would be a shame not to stop in at RJ Grunts . The restaurant has been around since 1971 and has something for everyone . The restaurant offers traditional American fare such as burgers and sandwiches and is stocked with a full bar not to mention its famous salad bar . The casual atmosphere perfectly complements a day at the beach watching skilled pilots perform aerial acrobatics . The setting is intimate , the prices reasonable and the menu varied .
Lodging
Hotel Lincoln
1816 N Clark St
Chicago , IL 60614
( 312 ) 254-4700
jdvhotels.com
The Hotel Lincoln is within walking distance of the Air and Water Show with private parking available . Pets are also allowed in the hotel , and as they are not allowed on North Avenue Beach , it would be good to have a place for them to stay should they travel with you . Rooms include free WiFi , a stereo with iPod docking stations , in-room safes and views of Lake Michigan and Lincoln Park . The hotel is close to public transportation and is a relatively inexpensive place to make a weekend stay out of the Air and Water Show event .
Related : Best Spots For A Picnic In Chicago
A Chinese national flag flutters outside the headquarters of the People 's Bank of China , the Chinese central bank , in Beijing , April 3 , 2014 . REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's central bank said on Monday that it would “ flexibly ” use various policy tools to maintain appropriate liquidity and reasonable growth in credit and social financing .
The People 's Bank of China will keep the yuan basically stable while forging ahead with reforms to help improve its currency regime , it said in a statement summarizing the fourth-quarter monetary policy committee meeting .
The PBOC said it would maintain a prudent monetary policy , keeping its stance “ neither too tight nor too loose ” . The prudent policy has been in place since 2011 .
“ We will improve and optimize financing and credit structures , increase the proportion of direct financing and reduce financing costs , ” it said .
The central bank said it would closely watch changes in China 's economy and financial markets , as well as international capital flows .
Top leaders at the annual Central Economic Work Conference pledged to make China 's monetary policy more flexible and expand its budget deficit in 2016 to support a slowing economy as they seek to push forward “ supply-side reform ” .
The PBOC has cut interest rates six times since November 2014 and lowered banks ' reserve requirements , or the amount of cash that banks must set aside as reserves .
But such policy steps have yielded limited impact on the economy , as the government has been struggling to reach its growth target of about 7 percent this year .
President Xi Jinping has said China must keep annual average growth of no less than 6.5 percent over the next five years to hit a goal of doubling gross domestic product and per capita income by 2020 from 2010 .
Infowars.com
July 21 , 2013
State Of Mind : The Psychology Of Control , from the creators of A Noble Lie : Oklahoma City 1995 , is now going viral .
But let 's make State of Mind even more viral !
Share the Youtube version of this high-definition film to others or embed it into your own web site or blog !
Give out copies of State of Mind , available on DVD and Blu-Ray , to your friends and family !
It is critical to get State of Mind out there for the mass awakening of the public .
We can change the world .
Released in full on YouTube only a few days ago , this key documentary already has nearly 150,000 views .
Those who have seen the film now know that much of what we believe to be true is actually deliberate deception .
State of Mind , available in DVD and Blu-Ray at the Infowars Shop , makes for an excellent addition to your library of liberty .
Consider picking up copies of State of Mind for great gifts to your friends and family .
Reggae has long been the most vivid musical escape for me . Its soul-cleansing rhythms always feel familiar and cozy , like rushing into your lover 's arms after a significant time away . This is especially true for roots reggae , whose staccato guitar licks , billowing bass , and sonic splashes on a canvas of negative space , are like salve for the soul . The mid-tempo pulse conjures up relaxed days on the beach , living amid nature 's unrestricted beauty .
Given all that , you can understand why I 've been obsessed with Chronixx lately . At a time when dancehall has been dominating the Jamaican soundscape , It 's refreshing to hear the man born Jamar McNaughton carrying the roots-revival torch for a younger generation and expanding upon the footprint left by his world-renowned predecessors .
Chronixx and his band Zincfence Redemption paid a long-awaited visit to the Tiny Desk to perform three songs from his sophomore album , Chronology .
Set List
`` Skankin ' Sweet ''
`` Majesty ''
`` Spanish Town Rockin ' ''
Musicians
Jamar `` Chronixx '' McNaughton ( vocals ) ; Evan Mason ( keys ) ; Stephen Coore ( guitar ) ; N'Namdi Robinson ( guitar ) ; Hector Lewis ( percussion ) ; Adrian Henry ( bass ) ; Oliver Thompson ( drums )
Credits
Producers : Abby O'Neill , Niki Walker , Morgan Noelle Smith ; Creative Director : Bob Boilen ; Audio Engineer : Josh Rogosin ; Videographers : Niki Walker , Tsering Bista , Morgan Noelle Smith , Bronson Arcuri ; Production Assistant : Jenna Li ; Photo : Claire Harbage/NPR .
For more Tiny Desk concerts , subscribe to our podcast .
More than 100 Walmarts around the country shut their doors Thursday for good -- many in small towns and rural areas with few other shopping options .
The retailer cites a long-term strategy shift and financial performance . Company shares are down 25 percent over the past 12 months , and the nationwide closures will also impact thousands of employees , reports CBS News correspondent David Begnaud .
`` It 's maddening because Walmart chose to do this , '' said resident Retha Thompson , who feels betrayed by Walmart 's decision to leave Whitewright , Texas just 12 months after its grand opening . `` They chose to come here and then when they put the other grocery store out of business , they want to close down and leave . I 'm mad . ''
Walmart imports from China drain 400,000 jobs from U.S .
She 's talking about `` Pettit 's , '' the mom-and-pop grocery that was a mainstay in this small town for nearly 60 years .
`` Business - it just quit coming , '' Larry Deeds , the store 's co-owner said .
Pettit 's closed about nine months after Walmart opened .
`` It 's almost enough to bring a tear to your eye to see all these shelves empty , '' said Will Pettit , who worked here since he was 16 .
When Walmart moved in last year , Whitewright 's Mayor Allen West said a little competition from Walmart was a good thing . But now that it 's leaving , `` it 's going to hurt the city financially , it 's going to hurt the citizens economically and not good for their mental status , '' the mayor said .
Walmart is closing 154 stores in 27 states , many of them in small towns . In a statement to CBS News , Walmart said :
`` The decision to close some of our stores was not easy and we share in the communities ' disappointment . We 're always searching for opportunities to serve more customers throughout the country -- especially those in underserved communities . We 're now focused on where we can help impacted communities through our plans for charitable giving and expediting the process to work with potential buyers for these locations . ''
`` Communities are finally getting a look at not only the effects of when Walmart comes into town , but also when they leave , '' said Bloomberg news reporter Shannon Pettypiece . `` And I think that is a double blow for a lot people . ''
But Deeds said Walmart does n't deserve all the blame .
`` I lost some customers that had been coming to me for 20 or more years , '' Deeds said .
And now that Walmart is closed , Retha Thompson will drive half an hour to the closest grocery store .
`` It wo n't be Walmart . I 'm done with Walmart , '' Thompson said .
Two of Thompson 's daughters-in-law were Walmart employees . They were offered either a severance package or the opportunity to relocate to work at another store , as goes for thousands of other employees across the country .
Displaying a details view to show data after the user selects something from a table on the iPhone is pretty much the standard and it sure is useful in many cases . Fact is that it 's not always the fastest or correct way of showing details , specially if the amount of details left to show is low . I 've thought in the past about making a UITableViewCell expand and collapse , something like OS X has , but while my ( quick and dirty ) efforts failed on iPhone OS up to 2.2.1 I recently came across the missing piece to make it work on iPhone OS 3.0+ .
As you 'll probably know , there are only 2 ways of setting a cell 's height inside a UITableView . You can set the property for the default row height on the UITableView object or use the delegate . The delegate is by far the most flexible of both solutions and is n't hard at all to use :
- ( CGFloat ) tableView : ( UITableView * ) tableView heightForRowAtIndexPath : ( NSIndexPath * ) indexPath { return 64 ; }
This delegate is rarely invoked however . Without deep research I think it would only be called when refreshing the list of cells , data or changing the size/framing of the UITableView . Those situations could be exploited to archive the final goal but depending on the number and type of data it could bring serious performance problems . As far as iPhone OS 2.2.1 goes , I tried to find a way but in the end I gave up on it after finding a 3.0+ solution that worked better than I expected . I say better because I was expecting to have to implement basic animation but out-the-box it gives us a fine default . The implementation is fairly simple for a simple scenario , I 'll demonstrate how to implement the simplest which is to expand the currently selected cell while collapsing all the other cells .
// Somewhere in your header : NSIndexPath * selectedCellIndexPath ; // And in the implementation file : - ( void ) tableView : ( UITableView * ) tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPath : ( NSIndexPath * ) indexPath { selectedCellIndexPath = indexPath ; // Forces the table view to call heightForRowAtIndexPath [ tableView reloadRowsAtIndexPaths : [ NSArray arrayWithObject : indexPath ] withRowAnimation : UITableViewRowAnimationNone ] ; } - ( CGFloat ) tableView : ( UITableView * ) tableView heightForRowAtIndexPath : ( NSIndexPath * ) indexPath { // Note : Some operations like calling [ tableView cellForRowAtIndexPath : indexPath ] // will call heightForRow and thus create a stack overflow if ( selectedCellIndexPath ! = nil & & [ selectedCellIndexPath compare : indexPath ] == NSOrderedSame ) return 128 ; return 64 ; }
It 's that simple but understanding how it works will help you shape it better to your needs . Basically the reloadRowsAtIndexPaths call makes sure the UITableView will reload those cells and invoke heightForRowAtIndexPath in the process . The reloadRowsAtIndexPaths is the magic that the iPhone OS 's before 3.0 do n't have . Another noteworthy subject is why I store the NSIndexPath the way I do , and the reason for that is simply because inside the heightForRowAtIndexPath we ca n't call certain methods like cellForRowAtIndexPath without causing a stack overflow .
I 'm fully aware that this code is n't on its most reusable form but depending on the application and objective there are just too many different ways of encapsulating it . Perhaps the most useful and popular will be to inherit the UITableViewCell and implement a Height property on it . Adjusting the didSelectRowAtIndexPath override ( or other points in the controller ) to simply set the Height property and finally adjusting the heightForRowAtIndexPath code to use that property instead of the variable . That solution would enable for multiple expanded cells at the same time while my original snippet only allows for one . How you do it depends on your needs alone .
Tags : Cocoa , expand/collapse , iPhone , Objective C , Tricks , uitableview , uitableviewcell
Last Wednesday , NME Esports earned first place in the League of Legends North America Challenger Playoffs , officially obtaining their spot in the LCS and replacing Coast .
I sat down with Otter moments after their victory to discuss his path to pro , what fans can expect from the team , and more .
GameSpot : How would you describe your journey getting into the LCS ? You 've been trying this for a long time now .
Otter : Alright , well—it was probably the most excruciating thing just because…it 's one of those things where everything has to be “ right. ” Like , every situation has to just work out correctly for you to win the game or win the series . It 's really , really hard . For someone that 's like me—I 'm a person that was n't really happy . If there 's one thing wrong with the team , it kills me inside until it gets fixed and a lot of teams are completely complacent with how they 're doing . Sure , they want to get better but they do n't actually strive to get better . They just kind of play . They just keep playing , so it 's just like—with that alone , it was hard for me to find a team that I actually was able to stick with and play with . So it 's pretty hard .
Were there moments where you said to yourself , “ I did n't make it into the LCS yet . How much longer do I want to commit to this ? ”
Yeah , this was a hundred percent my last time . If I did n't make it this time with this team , I would not have continued . I would 've been done because I 've already had two decently close opportunities that fell through or maybe I was n't good enough . And it 's heart breaking every time it happens .
There are a lot of people who are counting out the challenger teams and saying , `` anybody who comes out of that scene right now is just going to be another Coast . '' How do you expect NME is going to do ? Is there a chance you might end up being Coast 2.0 ?
I mean , there 's always a chance that any team will be Coast 2.0 . But I feel like we 're a team that adapts really well . We adapt really well to the meta and to what our opponents are playing so I think when we 're in the LCS and when we start scrimming other LCS teams more regularly , I think we 'll fit right in .
What are your expectations for this coming split ? Do you see your team contending for a spot at Worlds ?
Nah , I do n't see us contending for a World 's spot , but I am hoping for at least playoffs .
How do you think you 'll stack up against the other AD carries ? AD carry—and maybe mid—might be the role that creates the most conversation in North America . There are a lot of big names there . How do you think you 'll do ?
I think I 'll just be a middle of the pack AD . Yeah , just middle of the pack .
Why is that ?
I can do everything that they do , but there are a few things that I ca n't do . I need to think about this more specifically , I guess . For me , I guess I 'm an open book that can play anything . So any time there 'll be a meta shift and there 'll be different picks coming in for ADCs , I 'm able to adjust to it really well . I feel like a lot of ADCs are n't really like that . You 'll see that a couple of them can only play a handful of ADCs , or even just one champion in that role . I 'm not going to say who , but in that sense , I 'm already better than some of the players .
It 's so much less interesting if you do n't say who .
Yeah , I 'm not going to be though .
Could you say a team ?
( laughs ) No . No , no , no . That would just give it away and I do n't want to do that .
What is it like being on NME from a team perspective ? People can see what it 's like in the game and on the Rift—but what 's it like hanging out behind the scenes with these guys ? Are you all colleagues ? Does it feel like a family ? What 's the atmosphere like ?
It feels like we 're all really good friends . Everyone gets along really well . You would think that we would n't because some people have completely different personalities but we get along really well . We 're definitely more than colleagues . It may sound a little weird , but yeah .
Out of all the guys on the team , who do you think is going to be become the fan favorite ?
Probably Trashy . We 'll see if he 's more open . If he presents himself like how he actually is in real life , then I think he would be the fan favorite .
Why is that ?
He 's really goofy . A really goofy troll . And he also sometimes does n't know his limits of his conversations because he 'll take things a little too far and I think people will like that . I think it 's pretty funny sometimes—other times it 's just like to come on , man .
I was talking to Nien earlier and he has sort of a cult following and you seem to also have this cult following as well . Is there anything you 'd like to say to the Otter fans out there ?
Thanks for sticking around , everyone . I love you all . You 're the big reason why I was able to keep going . I do n't think I would 've kept going if there were n't people that were saying , “ You can do it. ” Thank you guys .
I know you have n't seen the teams yet , but give me your predictions for your first week in the LCS—your first two games . What 'll be your score ?
We 're going to 2-0 . Haha .
INTRODUCTION
I 've been working on this hack for over a year and a half , and it is now complete . I know it must seem completely out of the blue introducing this hack all of the sudden without having betas haha . It 's certainly not the greatest hack out there but I am happy with how it turned out .
STORY
You are a young boy or girl who lives with your mom and brother in the small town of ALORA . Professor Oak has a lab there and the story starts basically just like the original fire red with getting your first Pokémon and pokedex and so on . You soon find that your brother is involved with team rocket and drags you into trouble as well . He later convinces you to join them because , hey , they 're not so bad ... You must then work your way up through through the ranks and eventually lead team rocket . In the meantime , a couple of Pokémon bent on world domination run wild and terrorize the population .
SCREENSHOTS
FEATURES
All Pokémon from the first 3 gens are available
Do n't need to trade to evolve any Pokémon
Play on the side of team rocket
New gym leaders and elite 4
Gradually increasing difficulty
Roughly 30 hours of gameplay
BUGS
Inside caves and buildings the map wo n't show where you are correctly .
If you give your brother a name that is n't on the list it messes up his color palette just for the one screen when it goes back to his sprite .
The Exp . Share event does n't work right for some people . HOPEFULLY FIXED NOW
Pokémon Locations
Excel file attached to end of this post .
( Drowzee/Hypno are only in the latest patch )
FAQ
I was defeated by the warden and ca n't get back in prison !
Spoiler : Go talk to the policeman who is walking around underneath the Brox City gym .
Where can I get the evolution stones ?
Spoiler : You can buy them in the large mart located in Largas City .
What do I do for the second mission ?
Spoiler : Get a bike from Xero City , and go down to Elemis City through Reinbort Town . Once there you will find a female team rocket member who will tell you what to do for the mission . Once you finished that mission report back to her , and no need to go back to Giovanni .
Where can I find HM04 strength ?
Spoiler : After you defeat the gym leader in Largas City you can go through Destul Town and there will be a karate guy on Route 24 who gives you strength .
Where do I get rock smash ?
Spoiler : After you have defeated the Elite 4 you can talk to the scientist guy in Vino Town and he will give you rock smash .
Where is HM05 FLASH ?
Spoiler : You find flash hidden on a rock in Flash Cave which is between Elemis City and Ciprus Town
Where is fly ?
Spoiler : You get HM02 fly in Nemu Town . A girl in a building there gives it to you .
There 's an old lady blocking the cave entrance on Route 42 ! How move her ?
Spoiler : She moves once you show this other old lady a Salamence . The lady who wants to see Salamence is in Ember Spa , and you can catch a Bagon in Victory Road .
Where do I get Exp . Share ?
Spoiler : You have to help a girl in a building in Largas City by delivering a letter for her . The boy you deliver the letter to should give you the Exp . Share .
CREDITS
I did all of the scripting , mapping , spriting , world map , and titlescreen . I will try to give credit to those whose tools I used though .
AdvanceMap
YAPE - Silver314
APE and A-Trainer - HackMew
NSE - Link12552
NTME - Diven-Trogh
unLZ.GBA
XSE - HackMew
diegoisawesome for his awesome XSE scripting tutorial
DawnRyder 's titlescreen hacking tutorial
MikeMatt15 for his worldmap tutorial and template
And any other tutorial I used in the tutorials section .
DOWNLOAD
below I 've been working on this hack for over a year and a half , and it is now complete . I know it must seem completely out of the blue introducing this hack all of the sudden without having betas haha . It 's certainly not the greatest hack out there but I am happy with how it turned out.You are a young boy or girl who lives with your mom and brother in the small town of ALORA . Professor Oak has a lab there and the story starts basically just like the original fire red with getting your first Pokémon and pokedex and so on . You soon find that your brother is involved with team rocket and drags you into trouble as well . He later convinces you to join them because , hey , they 're not so bad ... You must then work your way up through through the ranks and eventually lead team rocket . In the meantime , a couple of Pokémon bent on world domination run wild and terrorize the population.All Pokémon from the first 3 gens are availableDo n't need to trade to evolve any PokemonPlay on the side of team rocketNew gym leaders and elite 4Gradually increasing difficultyRoughly 30 hours of gameplayInside caves and buildings the map wo n't show where you are correctly.If you give your brother a name that is n't on the list it messes up his color palette just for the one screen when it goes back to his sprite.HOPEFULLY FIXED NOWExcel file attached to end of this post . ( Drowzee/Hypno are only in the latest patch ) I was defeated by the warden and ca n't get back in prison ! Where can I get the evolution stones ? What do I do for the second mission ? Where can I find HM04 strength ? Where do I get rock smash ? Where is HM05 FLASH ? Where is fly ? There 's an old lady blocking the cave entrance on Route 42 ! How move her ? Where do I get Exp . Share ? I did all of the scripting , mapping , spriting , world map , and titlescreen . I will try to give credit to those whose tools I used though.AdvanceMapYAPE - Silver314APE and A-Trainer - HackMewNSE - Link12552NTME - Diven-TroghunLZ.GBAXSE - HackMewdiegoisawesome for his awesome XSE scripting tutorialDawnRyder 's titlescreen hacking tutorialMikeMatt15 for his worldmap tutorial and templateAnd any other tutorial I used in the tutorials section.below Attached Files Pokémon Fuligin.ips‎ ( 455.7 KB , 12768 views ) ( Save to Dropbox ) Fuligin_Pokémon_Locations.xls‎ ( 60.0 KB , 3804 views ) ( Save to Dropbox )
__________________ Share Facebook Twitter Promote post…
Share
UPDATE : Princeton U. sit-in by black student group continues after overnight stay
PRINCETON -- A group of Princeton University student protestors arrived at Nassau Hall Wednesday afternoon with sleeping bags , toothbrushes and backpacks in hand .
They said they were determined to stay and sleep in university President Christopher L. Eisgruber 's office until he agrees to make campus-wide changes for black students .
The move came after a protest and sit-in earlier Wednesday organized by a student group , the Black Justice League , who demand the university to improve , `` the social and academic experiences of its black students at Princeton , '' according to a letter they presented to Eisgruber .
The league convened outside of Nassau Hall late Wednesday morning with numerous students in tow and called for Eisgruber to implement three proposed changes to campus policy and structure .
The demonstration was followed by a sit-in in Eisgruber 's office at Nassau Hall during which league members met with Eisgruber about their proposed changes .
League member Wilglory Tanjong said that Eisgruber refused to implement two of the three changes , prompting some students to make the afternoon sit-in into an all-night event .
A representative for the university could not immediately be reached in regard to Tanjong 's claim .
Related : Student sit-in demands changes for black students
Among the changes they demanded the administration recognize the `` racist legacy , '' of Woodrow Wilson and change the name of the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs - as well as anything else bearing the former Princeton and U.S. president 's name , the letter stated .
They also called for all faculty and staff to undergo mandatory cultural competency training .
Finally , they demanded the school open a marked space for black students on campus .
Eisgruber refused to change the name of the Woodrow Wilson School and refused to make faculty and staff members undergo cultural competency training , but he was in support of developing a space for black students , Tanjong said .
Tanjong , who attended the meeting with Eisgruber , spoke about the discussion while walking to her room to get her sleeping bag and overnight supplies .
Student protesters were worried they might be locked out of Nassau Hall if they left and tried to return for a sit-in tomorrow morning , she said .
Princeton protesters occupy president 's office , demand 'racist ' Woodrow Wilson 's name be removed https : //t.co/bOpEYs2MaP # StudentBlackOut -- joey ( @ j_anyanwu ) November 18 , 2015
During their meeting with the president , Eisgruber claimed that humans are flawed and that Wilson introduced important aspects to the university during his term as the university 's 13th president .
`` Racist philosophies are more than just a flaw , '' Tanjong said . She added that she believes Wilson was a known member of the Ku Klux Klan . `` He aided in the murder of black people . ''
As for implementing cultural competency training , Tanjong said Eisgruber did not want to make faculty and staff go through that unless they chose to undergo the training themselves .
Martin Mbugua , a spokesperson for the university , confirmed that the students had spoken with Eisgruber but only said that the discussions would continue .
`` It 's not surprising , '' Tanjong said of the meeting with Eisgruber . She said the league has had many discussions about the proposed changes with members of the administration over the past year . Some changes were implemented because of those meetings but the group 's overall demands were not met .
Multiple colleges and universities have been hosting similar sit-ins over the course of the day in an effort to improve campus lives for students of color . The protests come after weeks of protests against racism on campus at , primarily , the University of Missouri and Yale University .
At Yale University the discussion has even included whether to abandon the term `` master '' to identify the heads of residential colleges . Princeton University recently took the leap to change that term to `` heads of residential colleges , '' according to the university website .
Princeton University 's protests might not be limited to Wednesday , though .
Tanjong said she and other members of the group - as well as some student supporters - plan to stay in Eisgruber 's office until their demands are met .
Anna Merriman may be reached at amerriman @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow her on Twitter @ anna_merriman Find The Times of Trenton on Facebook .
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Butter Cream Lipstick ( $ 28.00 for 0.15 oz . ) is a creamy , thicker , and hydrating formula with good color payoff , light shine , and moderate wear time . The formula has eight shades , and I 've tested two so far ( I bought four initially , liked them enough to buy the remaining four for review , too ) . According to the brand , the selling point of the lipstick is that they “ hand cut each bullet , removing the outer waxy layer , ” which gives the lipstick an “ impossibly creamy core. ” They 're nice overall , and the only downside was that the thicker consistency may catch on flakes if you have them . It feels thicker than their Luminous Creme range , but they are less glossy . It is creamy , to a degree , but the slightly heavier and thicker texture make it firmer overall . It 's not as creamy as formulas like NARS Audacious or YSL Rouge Volupte ( probably one of the creamiest formulas , all-time ) , but the thicker quality makes it adhere and stay on longer , as it does n't slide or slip all over the place . As a bonus , thicker lipsticks often cover more pigmented lips better .
As far as the “ hand cut ” bit , take it or leave it ; I do n't really think it adds anything ( Luminous Creme formula has a traditional bullet , and it 's very creamy and emollient ! ) . My lips are large enough/shaped to the point where I did n't have issues using the more bluntly cut edge to apply to my lips , but I still prefer the traditional shape for better precision . “ Hand cut ” is also not emblazoned on the actual bullet , it is just a translucent paper tab that is placed over it . The packaging is heavier and more substantial than the Luminous Creme formula–it feels weightier to me . The scent is similar to the rest of Bite 's products , which is a subtle fruit-y scent that seems more like what their base smells like than added fragrance .
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick ( $ 28.00 for 0.15 oz . ) is described as a “ brown pink. ” It 's a muted , medium-dark rosy brown with subtle , warm undertones and a satin sheen . It had mostly opaque color coverage that applied evenly and smoothly . On me , it lasted for five hours and was hydrating over time . Marc Jacobs Beauty Roleplay ( 110 ) ( P , $ 30.00 ) is lighter , more matte . Tom Ford Beauty Richard ( LE , $ 32.00 ) is brighter , darker . Bite Beauty Glace ( P , $ 24.00 ) is more matte , lighter . Tom Ford Beauty Negligee ( LE , $ 50.00 ) is brighter , darker . NARS Bansar ( P , $ 25.00 ) is browner . bareMinerals Break Away ( LE ) is warmer , lighter . Givenchy Rose d'Exception ( 206 ) ( LE , $ 36.00 ) is cooler-toned , lighter . Revlon Pink Truffle ( P , $ 7.49 ) is glossier , sheerer . NARS Tolede ( P , $ 26.00 ) is pinker . MAC Grande Dame ( P , $ 22.00 ) is warmer , brighter . MAC Gem of Roses ( LE , $ 16.00 ) is more shimmery , cooler-toned . Giorgio Armani Blush ( 500 ) ( P , $ 32.00 ) is lighter . Benefit La La Land ( DC , $ 18.00 ) is lighter . See comparison swatches / view dupes .
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick ( $ 28.00 for 0.15 oz . ) is described as a “ plum rosewood. ” It 's a dusky , medium-dark rosy plum with very subtle , warm undertones and a soft shine . It had good , mostly opaque color coverage with a lightly creamy , thickened consistency that went on evenly and smoothly . The color wore well for five hours and was moisturizing while worn . Tom Ford Beauty Cary ( LE , $ 32.00 ) is slightly more matte . Tom Ford Beauty Richard ( LE , $ 32.00 ) is warmer . Tom Ford Beauty Negligee ( LE , $ 50.00 ) is warmer . Givenchy Brun Vintage ( 105 ) ( P , $ 36.00 ) is lighter , brighter . Bobbi Brown Pink Rose ( LE , $ 25.00 ) is lighter . Revlon Pink Truffle ( P , $ 7.49 ) is sheerer , glossier . MAC Gem of Roses ( LE , $ 16.00 ) is more shimmery , lighter . See comparison swatches / view dupes .
Sephora Beautylish Ulta Nordstrom More We hope you 'll consider supporting Temptalia by shopping through our links below . Thanks !
See more photos & swatches !
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Hazelnut Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
Bite Beauty Rosewood Butter Cream Lipstick
( 7th UPDATE ) Voting 11-4 , the Supreme Court dismisses the plunder case against former Philippine president Gloria Arroyo and orders her immediate release
Published 12:26 PM , July 19 , 2016
MANILA , Philippines ( 7th UPDATE ) – After nearly 4 years of hospital arrest , former Philippine president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo will soon be free .
The Supreme Court on Tuesday , July 19 , acquitted Mrs Arroyo of plunder as it granted her plea to drop the case against her . This sets in motion her release from the Veterans Memorial Medical Center , where she has been detained since October 2012 . ( READ : Timeline : Gloria Arroyo – from plunder to acquittal )
SC Spokesman Theodore Te told a press conference Tuesday afternoon that the Court annulled the criminal case for `` insufficiency of evidence '' and ordered her `` immediate release . ''
Te said the vote was 11-4 in favor of Arroyo 's petition to junk a Sandiganbayan ruling that gave the go-signal for her plunder trial in connection with charges that she misused funds of the state-run Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office ( PCSO ) .
Covered by the case aside from Arroyo is former PCSO budget officer Benigno Aguas , who is detained at Camp Crame . He was also ordered released .
Quoting from the decision , Te said : “ Wherefore , the Court grants the petitions for certiorari ; annuls and sets aside the resolutions issued in Criminal Case No . SB-12-CRM-0174 by the Sandiganbayan on April 6 , 2015 and September 10 , 2015 ; grants the petitioners ' respective demurrers to evidence ; dismisses Criminal Case No . SB-12-CRM-0174 as to the petitioners Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and Benigno Aguas for insufficiency of evidence ; ORDERS the immediate release from detention of said petitioners ; and makes no pronouncements on costs of suit . ''
The justices who dissented or voted against Arroyo are Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno , Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio , and Associate Justices Marvic Leonen and Benjamin Caguioa . Of the 4 , only Carpio is an appointee of Mrs Arroyo ; the rest were appointed by former president Benigno Aquino III .
The 11 justices who ruled in favor of the former president are :
Justice Presbitero Velasco Jr
Justice Teresita de Castro
Justice Arturo Brion
Justice Diosdado Peralta
Justice Lucas Bersamin
Justice Mariano del Castillo
Justice Jose Perez
Justice Jose Mendoza
Justice Bienvenido Reyes
Justice Estela Perlas-Bernabe
Justice Francis Jardeleza
Of the 11 , eight are Arroyo appointees and 3 were appointed by Aquino : Bernabe , Reyes and Jardeleza .
'Final bastion of justice '
One of Arroyo 's lawyers , Raul Lambino , was with her Tuesday at the Veterans hospital .
He told radio station dzMM : `` Kasama ko nga po si Pangulong Arroyo rito at lubos po yung ating kagalakan ngayon dito sa naging botohan o info na dumating sa amin . Naiyak po siya siyempre lahat ng mga kasama namin rito sa magandang balitang dumating sa atin . '' ( I am with President Arroyo , and we 're grateful for the decision or the information that reached us . We are all in tears . )
`` Para sa akin , malaya na ang dating Pangulo , '' he added . ( As far as I am concerned , our president is free . )
Lambino said the Philippine National Police would process Arroyo 's release after the SC releases its verdict .
Arroyo 's other lawyer , Ferdinand Topacio , said in a statement : `` The Supreme Court has once again proven itself to be the final bastion of justice and the rule of law . Its ruling today has validated what we have been saying for six years now : that the charges against former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo are nothing more than disingenuous attempts at political persecution by a corrupt and inept Aquino administration intent on covering up its gross lack of accomplishments by harassing its political opponents . '' ( READ : Arroyo camp : Acquittal proves 'political persecution ' by Aquino )
The Court found the evidence against her weak , the same sources said . Prior to this , the Supreme Court already stopped her trial at the Sandiganbayan .
The 69-year-old Arroyo , who is currently Pampanga representative , is the second Philippine president to be detained for plunder .
In April 2001 , ousted president Joseph Estrada was jailed for plunder over charges of unexplained wealth . The Sandiganbayan convicted and sentenced him to life in jail in September 2007 . But only 6 weeks after , in October 2007 , his successor Arroyo pardoned him .
Landmark ruling
Tuesday 's landmark ruling on Mrs Arroyo came barely a month after Aquino stepped down from office and less than a week before President Rodrigo Duterte , who favors her release , delivers his first State of the Nation Address ( SONA . ) ( READ : Duterte ready to grant Arroyo pardon )
It was Aquino who jailed Arroyo and subsequently led the impeachment charge against her appointed chief justice , the late Renato Corona .
Through veteran lawyer Estelito Mendoza , Arroyo had petitioned the Supreme Court to approve her `` demurrer to evidence , '' a plea to dismiss a case on the basis of weak evidence . She went to the High Tribunal for relief after the anti-graft court Sandiganbayan dismissed the demurrer . ( READ : What has happened to the Arroyo plunder case ? )
Arroyo filed the `` demurrer to evidence '' in 2014 before the Sandiganbayan . The anti-graft court dismissed this in April 2015 , paving the way for her trial for plunder over the alleged misuse of PCSO funds .
Arroyo then challenged the Sandiganbayan ruling before the Supreme Court in a 100-page petition filed by Mendoza .
PCSO plunder
The Court 's approval of the Arroyo petition in effect acquits her of the P366-million plunder suit filed by the Ombudsman in July 2012 against her and 9 other former goverment officials .
The Ombudsman 's suit , filed a week before then President Aquino was to deliver his 3rd SONA , alleged that Mrs Arroyo approved the alleged diversion of PCSO 's intelligence funds for purposes not related to the core work of the agency , which is to help indigents and sectors working with them .
On top of this , Arroyo had also asked the Supreme Court to in the meantime stop her trial at the Sandiganbayan . The SC granted this motion last year and extended the trial suspension to this year . – Rappler.com
An Oregon cleaning worker was killed when he fell into a running blender at a meat-processing plant , the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office said .
Deputy Nate Thompson identified the worker as Hugo Avalos-Chanon , 41 , of Portland . He worked for DCS Sanitation Management , a cleaning company that has a contract with Interstate Meat Distributors .
Paramedics and sheriff 's deputies were called around 11:45 p.m. Friday , after Avalos-Chanon was found entangled in the machinery . Another worker had hit an emergency stop button , but it was too late , Thompson said . Firefighters returned the following day to dismantle the machine and remove the body .
Dr. Cliff Young , a deputy state medical examiner , said Avalos-Chanon died from `` blunt-force injuries and chopping wounds . ''
Thompson said investigators believe the death is a `` tragic industrial accident '' and do not suspect foul play .
Investigators with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration are examining evidence , interviewing witnesses and reviewing records .
An OSHA report on the plant from last fall found machines were not locked during the tear-down process for cleaning . The inspector said an `` unexpected start-up of the machine '' could cause injuries .
Melanie Mesaros , Oregon OSHA spokeswoman , cautioned against jumping to conclusions .
`` It 's way too early to say , '' Mesaros told The Oregonian . `` We 're just starting our investigation , which could take six months . ''
Darrin Hoy , president of Interstate Meat Distributors , said company officials are cooperating fully with investigators , but Avalos-Chanon 's death was `` extremely unfortunate '' and difficult to discuss .
`` We 're not looking forward to reliving through any of it again , '' Hoy said .
Mesaros said the agency inspected DCS Sanitation Management 's operations in 2001 , 2002 and 2004 , finding no violations .
SEATTLE , WASH. – Following the club 's appearance in Saturday 's MLS Cup and ahead of Tuesday 's MLS Expansion Draft , Seattle Sounders FC today announced that it is exercising the 2018 contract options of 11 players , placing the club 's current roster heading into next season at 22 players .
The following players saw their options exercised for 2018 : goalkeepers Stefan Frei and Tyler Miller , defenders Tony Alfaro , Oniel Fisher , Chad Marshall and Román Torres , midfielders Jordy Delem , Aaron Kovar , Zach Mathers and Cristian Roldan , in addition to forward Will Bruin .
Eleven players were already under contract for 2018 , including defenders Kelvin Leerdam and Nouhou , midfielders Osvaldo Alonso , Nicolás Lodeiro , Victor Rodríguez , Harry Shipp , Gustav Svensson and Henry Wingo , as well as forwards Seyi Adekoya , Clint Dempsey and Jordan Morris .
MEDIA RESOURCES
SOUNDERS FC TRANSACTION TRACKER : http : //sndrs.com/c2emf
SOUNDERS FC MEDIA SITE : http : //sndrs.com/f5hk
Additionally , Sounders FC declined the option of midfielder Calum Mallace . Goalkeeper Bryan Meredith , defenders Brad Evans and Joevin Jones , in addition to forward Lamar Neagle are out of contract with the club . Evans and Neagle are both now eligible for MLS free agency , while conversations with out-of-contract players are ongoing in advance of 2018 .
Per Major League Soccer policy , the club has until Thursday , December 14 to re-sign Re-Entry Draft-eligible players , including those players whose contracts were not exercised .
“ Although we fell short at the final hurdle in MLS Cup , our players had a successful 2017 season and we are proud of their efforts , ” said Sounders FC General Manager & President of Soccer Garth Lagerwey . `` These types of decisions are never easy , and every season it gets even harder to keep talented groups like this fully together . That is why we 're excited to bring back 22 players from our existing squad , which is particularly important with CONCACAF Champions League on the horizon in February . Our players report back in nearly a month 's time , and we 'll rely on this veteran group for the challenges that are ahead in international play and the 2018 MLS campaign . ”
The 2017 MLS Expansion Draft for Los Angeles Football Club is taking place Tuesday , December 12 at 11:00 a.m. PT . Teams are able to protect 11 players ( Generation adidas and Homegrown Players are exempt and automatically protected ) , with only one player allowed to be drafted from each of 22 existing MLS clubs .
Seattle 's 11 protected players for Tuesday 's Expansion Draft are goalkeeper Stefan Frei , defenders Kelvin Leerdam , Chad Marshall , Nouhou and Román Torres , midfielders Nicolás Lodeiro , Cristian Roldan , Gustav Svensson and Víctor Rodríguez , in addition to forwards Will Bruin and Clint Dempsey . Homegrown Players Seyi Adekoya , Aaron Kovar , Jordan Morris and Henry Wingo are automatically protected .
CURRENT SEATTLE SOUNDERS FC ROSTER
GOALKEEPERS ( 2 ) : Stefan Frei , Tyler Miller
DEFENDERS ( 6 ) : Tony Alfaro , Oniel Fisher , Kelvin Leerdam , Chad Marshall , Nouhou , Román Torres
MIDFIELDERS ( 10 ) : Osvaldo Alonso , Jordy Delem , Aaron Kovar , Nicolás Lodeiro , Zach Mathers , Victor Rodríguez , Cristian Roldan , Harry Shipp , Gustav Svensson , Henry Wingo
FORWARDS ( 4 ) : Seyi Adekoya , Will Bruin , Clint Dempsey , Jordan Morris
Of all the announcements that came out of E3 2017 , there was no announcement that was more universally hated than Bethesda 's Creation Club unveiling . Shown off near the end of Bethesda 's conference , the Creation Club was advertised as an upcoming feature for The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim and Fallout 4 that would introduce a new in-game store , giving players an opportunity to spend credits ( in other words , real money ) on a wide variety of microtransactions ranging from in-game equipment to cosmetic changes . These microtransactions would , for all intents and purposes , be developed by professionals and pre-screened , proven modders from the games ' audiences , so each weapon , backpack , and set of crab armor that you purchase and download from the Creation Club will have Bethesda 's virtual seal of approval .
Likely envisioned as a long term investment for their flagship open-world RPG series , The Elder Scrolls and Fallout , Creation Club is clearly intended to supply their games ' respective audiences with a steady stream of official content . It would have been a clever way for Bethesda to maintain an audience while making a little bit of money the side , but alas , the Internet was less than pleased at the concept of the Creation Club .
With a swift and terrible rage , people immediately decried the Creation Club as a return to paid mods . On the surface , such statements would n't be entirely incorrect , but as with all things , there are two sides to this story . Superficially , the Creation Club would allow Bethesda to monetize content that would otherwise be considered mods—that much is correct—but it is an incredibly misleading statement akin to saying that computers are made of rocks . As such , it would perhaps be for the best to break down the major points of Creation Club and the criticism against it so that if you are going to hate the Creation Club , at least you will hate it for the right reasons .
Mods , as most people understand them , have traditionally been post-launch content for a game developed by talented members of that game 's audience . As such , mods tend to lack any degree of official support , meaning that if a mod breaks your game or if you are otherwise displeased with a mod 's content , then the game 's official developer will not help you . On the bright side , since mod authors are not part of the game 's development company , they have way more freedom in how they choose to create their mods ( hence why you can find Star Wars or Lord of the Rings themed mods for Skyrim ) . Furthermore , given the unreliable nature of mods , it is more or less an unspoken agreement between everyone involved that mods should be a free service of sorts . Of course , someone could theoretically create a mod for a game and lock it behind a paywall , but you just ca n't compete with free , plus you likely do n't want to have lawyers breathing down your neck about a potential breach of the game 's EULA .
Bethesda 's Creation Club content , on the other hand , is intended to be the exact opposite of mods ( or at least that 's what Bethesda claims anyways ) . Anything that is hosted on the Creation Club will effectively be considered content that is officially sanctioned by Bethesda , as you must go through Bethesda 's QA process . Furthermore , while there is technically nothing stopping you , an insane person , or even a baby from applying to be a Creation Club member , you must be able to prove to Bethesda that you can create quality game content . If you take a look at the Creation Club application page , you may notice that for all intents and purposes , you are effectively going through a job application process where you must provide a resume or portfolio .
Even if you are accepted into the Creation Club , there are a number of guidelines that you must follow . In addition to having to go through Bethesda 's QA process , Creation Club content can not be an existing mod ( or for that matter , based on anything that would give Bethesda legal trouble ) . While this wo n't guarantee that there wo n't be similarities with existing mods , it does mean that a renowned mod author ca n't just apply , reupload their mod to the Creation Club , and basically get paid for doing nothing ( in theory ) . Furthermore , it would be a reasonable expectation that Creation Club content will be updated and patched should the situation require it , as it would just be bad form to sell content that does n't work .
Realistically speaking , this means that the only thing that Creation Club content would have in common with mods is the scope of what is being created . By Bethesda 's own admission , you can expect to see in-game items like weapons and armor , new NPCs , cosmetic options , and gameplay tweaks , all of which already exist in some form thanks to mods . Differences in quality aside , Creation Club content will be more of a premium alternative to mods , acting more as a vector for Bethesda to inject microtransactions than anything else , with all the implications that will bring .
As such , the real question is n't “ Is Creation Club content paid mods ? ” , but whether or not Bethesda will ( purposefully or otherwise ) create scenarios whereby community members will be effectively discouraged from creating mods for their games . As it stands now , there are no small number of problems with how mods were implemented on consoles ( phantom memory space issues with uninstalled mods , mods can be removed from Bethesda.net without warning , no real way to tell if a mod was removed by an author or by Bethesda , and on and on the list goes ) , and given that Creation Club is clearly meant to target console users , it is n't entirely inconceivable that Bethesda would like to completely corner the market on consoles mods , especially given console users ' lack of choice in the matter .
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
Anson Chan Staff Writer You ever wonder why we 're here ? It 's one of life 's greatest mysteries , is n't it ?
Nadus Films has embarked on an amazing project that only you can help complete . BBOY FOR LIFE is an extremely powerful story on how the lives of break dancers in Guatemala City are affected by some of the world 's most dangerous gangs . See all of our production blog videos here .
Specifically , your support will go directly to the completion of this project in the realm of post production . This includes :
Editing ( rough and final cut )
Scoring the film ( finding the right music to fit this music sensitive project )
Marketing ( Publicist , campaign material , etc . )
Without these 3 components , all we have is an incomplete film . With these 3 components , we can promise a finished product that will be powerful for all those who view it and those who helped make it possible .
Upon completion of this project , Nadus Films will screen this movie at multiple film festivals while shopping for major distribution . Fortunately , we have certain distribution parties who are already interested in this project .
What we 're doing : Simply put , we 're raising money to complete this powerful film . Check out all of our production video blogs here ! We 've raised 83 % of this film budget already , but are in need of the Kickstarter community to rally behind us and help with the budgetary needs to finish this film ! This is an unbelievably powerful story that involves not only beautiful footage but a compelling human interest story that will leave viewers in awe . We are raising a minimum of $ 20k to help finish the film prior to submitting to Sundance Film Festival later this year .
Why we 're doing this : Our desire is to make films that make a difference . This starts with a compelling story that unfolds into a powerful film . BBOY FOR LIFE is all of that and more ! Most successful documentary films find their success due to the `` happening on of a story '' . The story should be uncontrolled by the director and take on a life of its own . This happened multiple times during production and to be quite frank , we ca n't believe what we were able to capture on film . What else could be expected when you 're staying the night in the ghettos of Guatemala City sleeping next to some of the world 's the deadliest gangsters and most talented break dancers . We believe in this story and we believe in the impact it will have on the communities that helped make it possible .
How does this film make an impact ? We shed light on social justice issues that otherwise might not be filmed . We 're passionate about jolting viewers through a powerful and entertaining film . In the end , we raise awareness on issues few know about and that awareness can lead to many different avenues . Please check out our website to learn more about what Nadus Films is doing through its projects .
FAQ 's :
Is Nadus Films a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization ? YES ! All of your donations can be tax-deductible minus the valued gift of the incentive you 'd receive . Nadus Films will send you a year end giving statement .
Can we exceed the goal ? Absolutely ! This would be an amazing blessing to the film ! The $ 20k that we 're raising is only a minimum amount needed to complete the project . In other word… the bare-bones needs . With an excess of funds , we 'd be able to finish the film sooner and be able to add the `` bells and whistles '' that would only make the film stronger . This could mean a more powerful score , stronger marketing to get the film out there and more polished finishing touches ( DVD menu , packaging , etc . )
Can I Gift An Incentive ? YES ! Great idea . If you would like to donate to the film but give the reward to someone as a gift , go through all the normal process of making a donation in your name . For billing purposes , this action must be in your name . After our deadline , we will send a message to you on Kickstarter . ( It will be forwarded to the email address you provided ) Please reply with all the person 's information that is to receive the reward . We will make sure they are the person who receives the reward .
Now that the film is funded , when will it release ? Great question and there 's no short answer . The release of BBOY FOR LIFE is largely determined on a . ) how well it does at film festivals and b . ) what type of distribution deal it can receive . The success of these steps is greatly dependent on this Kickstarter campaign . Our desire is to release BBOY FOR LIFE sooner rather than later so that we can market the film and make an impact on the ground in Guatemala .
Can I increase my pledge once it 's been made ? YES ! Once you donate to our campaign , you may want to change your incentive reward to a different one , or increase your pledge amount . To do so , go to Kickstarter and sign in . If you go to our campaign page , the green “ Back This Project ” button has been replaced with a blue “ Manage Your Donation ” button . Click it and you can enter a new amount , or choose a new incentive .
What happens if the money is n't raised in time ? Unfortunately , nothing . If our goal is n't met before the deadline , no money changes hands and no movie is made . We want to avoid this scenario at all cost !
How do we contact you ? We 'd love to talk to you ! Contact us at info @ nadusfilms . We promise we 'll get back to you !
If I donate , when can I redeem the incentive ? All incentives will be delivered when humanly possible . Some incentives are release sensitive , where others can be sent prior to a release . The personal incentives will be handled immediately IF funding comes through for the BBOY FOR LIFE Kickstarter campaign !
Who does the money go to ? Every penny ( minus the small fees for Kickstarter 's involvement ) will go directly to the post-production budget of BBOY FOR LIFE . Your money goes directly to the funding of this film !
$ 20k seems like a low number for a movie budget . Does n't it ? You are correct . Fortunately , we were able to raise over $ 119k thus far to complete all pre-production , all production and some of post-production . Keep in mind that the minimum we 're asking for is $ 20k . Anything above and beyond that amount will greatly help in the advancement of this film ( editing , music score and marketing ) .
If you have any other questions , please do n't hesitate to email us here : info @ NadusFilms.com
: : : Coury Deeb : : :
Founder/Director of Nadus Films
NadusFilms.com
Viral Video ( s ) from Production of BBOY for Life ... more to come . Check back ! ! !
Images taken during production in Guatemala City for BBOY FOR LIFE ...
The Nadus Films Promotional Reel . See the work we do and why we 're qualified ...
England
League : English Premier www.arsenal.com
Originally a team of munitions workers from southeast London before moving to north London , the club 's most successful period was in the 1930s , when it won five English league titles and two cups . Now under the guidance of Frenchman Arsène Wenger , Arsenal finished in the top two of the English league for eight straight seasons but has yet to bring a trophy home to its new Emirates stadium .
Team Value 1 $ 1,181 Million
( 2009 : # 3 )
Cesc Fabregas Owner/Major Shareholder : E. Stanley Kroenke Chief Executive : Ivan Gazidis Head Coach : Arsène Wenger Club President : Peter Hill-Wood ( Chairman ) European Trophies : 1 Cup Winners Cup : 1993—94 ; 1 UEFA Cup : 1969—70 Domestic Championships : 13 : 1930-31 , 1932-33 , 1933-34 , 1934-35 , 1937-38 , 1947-48 , 1952-53 , 1970-71 , 1988-89 , 1990-91 , 1997-98 , 2001-02 , 2003-04 Domestic Cups : 10 F.A . Cups : 1929-30 , 1935-36 , 1949-50 , 1970-71 , 1978-79 , 1992-93 , 1997-98 , 2001-02 , 2002-03 , 2004-05 ; 2 League Cups : 1986-87 , 1992-93 Stars : Captain Cesc Fabregas , club record signing Andrey Arshavin and Dutch striker Robin van Persie Legend of the Past : Cliff Bastin . Along with Joe Hulme and Alex James , Bastin was the attacking spearhead of the great Arsenal side of the 1930s . His club record of 176 leagues and F.A . Cup goals stood until Thierry Henry broke it in 2005-06 . Main Sponsor/Uniform Sponsor : Emirates/Nike Other Sponsors : O2 , Citroen , Lucozade Sport , EA Sports , EBEL , Thomas Cook , Paddypower
By : Amanda Kabbabe and Sean Dowling , Buzz60
Miami , Florida is known for its beautiful weather , world-famous beaches , fantastic cruise ships , stunning fashion models and exciting night life scene .
However , despite all of these amazing perks , the city in the Sunshine State is now known for something else .
According to the financial news website 24/7 Wall Street , Miami tops the list of the 50 worst cities to live in America .
The report judged cities based on crime rates , employment growth , education , housing affordability and income levels .
Click below for the 10 worst cities based on the 24/7 Wall Street report :
10 PHOTOS The 10 worst cities to live in See Gallery The 10 worst cities to live in 10 . Gary , Indiana . ( Photo By Raymond Boyd/Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images ) 9 . Cleveland , Ohio . ( Getty ) 8 . Flint , Michigan . ( Getty ) 7 . Memphis , Tennessee . ( Getty ) 6 . Birmingham , Alabama . ( Getty ) 5 . Fall River , Massachusetts . ( Getty ) 4 . Hawthorne , California . ( Getty ) 3.Paterson , New Jersey . ( Getty ) 2 . Detroit , Michigan . ( Getty ) 10 . Miami , Florida . ( Getty ) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
In all categories , Miami even beat out Detroit , a city often associated with high crime and poverty levels . The report shows Miami has one of the largest income gaps in the entire country.The top one percent of its citizens make about two million dollars a year , which is 45 times greater than the average income of the other 99 percent.More than one in every four people in Miami live in poverty.Crime rates are also high , with 1,060 incidents per 100,000 , which is significantly higher than the national rate.Other cities that were just behind Miami on the list include Paterson , NJ , Hawthorne , CA , Fall River , MA , Birmingham , AL and Memphis , TN .
More from :
NBA stars flock to Miami for Dew NBA 3X
Breakout star has an awesome perspective on becoming one of the best NBA free agents
Whether Trump or Clinton , 24 % of Americans think they 'll be worse off after election
Image caption Simpson is facing at least another four years in prison
US ex-sports star OJ Simpson has lost his bid for a retrial over his armed robbery and kidnapping conviction .
Simpson , who was jailed for up to 33 years for the September 2007 incident , argued for a new trial on the grounds his lawyer had botched his defence .
However , a judge ruled that `` all grounds in the petition lack merit and , consequently , are denied '' .
Simpson 's lawyers said the 66-year-old was disappointed but would appeal against the verdict .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ex-OJ Simpson lawyer : `` He knew he had screwed up , he knew there were guns in the room ''
Simpson was jailed for between nine and 33 years for his attempts to take back photos and footballs he believed had been stolen from him .
He was accompanied by five other men when he seized the goods from memorabilia dealers at the Palace Station Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas .
Simpson says he should be given a new trial because his lawyer Yale Galanter had given him bad legal advice and failed to represent him effectively .
Mr Galanter rejected the claims . He denied approving Simpson 's decision to retrieve the memorabilia , and told a court that Simpson knew his associates had guns when they went to the Nevada hotel .
He also denied failing to tell the former star NFL running back-turned-actor about plea-bargain offers .
Mr Galanter said he felt vindicated by the ruling .
`` As OJ 's lawyer and confidante , it was gut-wrenching for me to have to be in a position to defend my strategy and efforts on his behalf as his lawyer and testify against my client , '' Mr Galanter told The Associated Press news agency .
Simpson is facing at least another four years in prison .
His lawyer Patricia Palm told AP : `` We 're confident that when we get to the right court we 'll get relief because he deserves relief , because he did n't get a fair trial . ''
Simpson was famously acquitted of the murder of his former wife and her friend in Los Angeles in 1995 .
Berkeley is internationally noted for its academic excellence . Its current faculty include seven Nobel laureates , some 140 members in the National Academy of Sciences , over 75 Faculty Fulbright Scholars , and some 240 fellows in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences . In national surveys , Berkeley 's academic departments consistently rank among the top five in the country . By any standard , Berkeley ranks as one of the world 's leading intellectual centers , renowned for the size and quality of its libraries and laboratories , the scope of its research and publications , and the distinction of its faculty and students . Around 5,000 Berkeley undergraduates engage in off-campus public service projects annually . Students study , work , and relax among Neoclassical buildings , wooded glens , and parklands spread across 1,232 scenic acres overlooking the San Francisco Bay . With more than 40,000 students , a distinguished faculty , around 275 degree programs , and alumni in positions of national and international leadership , Berkeley today is a large and complex institution offering students a vast range of scholarly endeavor and a wide arena for personal growth.The campus is surrounded by wooded , rolling hills and by the city of Berkeley ( population 121,000 ) . Berkeley has a long history as one of America 's most lively , culturally diverse , and politically adventurous cities . The surrounding San Francisco Bay Area offers culture , entertainment , and natural beauty without rival , much of which is accessible by BART ( Bay Area Rapid Transit ) . Research programs at Berkeley are conducted within teaching departments , institutes , and centers ( sometimes referred to as Organized Research Units or ORUs ) . Institutes and centers are established and administered separately from the teaching units . They are interdisciplinary in nature and organized around the work of a group of faculty and graduate students whose research interests transcend traditional disciplinary boundaries . They do not offer courses of instruction or degrees , although several works in conjunction with interdepartmental instruction programs which lead to bachelor 's or advanced degrees . Institutes and centers provide invaluable experience for graduate students in basic and applied research and greatly enhance Berkeley 's educational program and the overall academic quality of the University.The quality of Berkeley 's student body complements the stature of its faculty . Most students are Californians , but nearly every state and 100 foreign countries are represented . The student body can best be characterized by its diversity ; more than half of the students are minorities , helping to produce the wide range of opinion and perspective essential to a great university .
We should all revel in Pagan holidays . Why ? Because Pagan holidays are so revealing .
Most Christians want to stay as far away from Pagan holidays as they can , thinking that participating in pagan holidays is participation with the world . They believe that instead , we should only participate in Christian holidays like Easter and Christmas .
Ironically , Christmas and Easter are two of the biggest Pagan holidays that exist .
I do n't mean that they have become Pagan , and we must “ put Christ back into Christmas ” to retake the holiday for Jesus . No , I mean that they were originally Pagan holidays , which became Christian holidays . Yes , in some ways they are becoming pagan again , but this is no reason to be scared of them , but to revel in them all the more .
Why ? Here is why :
Pagan Holidays Point to Christ
I believe that Pagan holidays and pagan rituals and pagan beliefs , and all the old stories and tales and myths from pagan religions are actually the cry of the divine image of God in man to return to what was lost . Pagan holidays reveal a longing for what was lost . A desire for the reconnection of God with man .
And the only “ religion ” in the world which does the best job of taking all these longings , dreams , desires , and ideas , and bringing them to fruition and fulfillment , is Christianity . Let me rephrase that . Not Christianity , but Christ .
Nearly all of the old pagan stories hint at the gods returning to earth , becoming human , sharing life on earth with us , and some of them even loving humans so much that they sacrifice themselves for us .
Does any of that sound familiar ? Of course . All of these stories sound strikingly similar to what happened within Jesus Christ . This is one reason why critics say that the Gospels are not true . They say that the Gospel stories are just rehashed pagan myths , where some of the details and the names of the characters are changed .
I could n't disagree more . There is too much historical evidence for the reliability of the Gospels . So how do we explain the similarities between the Gospel accounts and the pagan myths ?
Well , why could n't the pagan myths be prophetic ? Why could n't the pagan myths and traditions point people to Jesus and the Gospel ?
I mean , we believe that God can reveal Himself through nature , and through conscience , and through other forms of revelation . Why not also through creative stories that were planted in the minds and hearts of men and women all over the earth ? Would n't this be one more way to help prepare people to hear the Gospel ? When they heard the true account of how Jesus Christ came to earth , they would experience that “ Ah-ha ! ” moment of hearing a story that fills the missing pieces in the longings and desires of their hearts .
So Why Is n't Paganism True ?
But if what I am suggesting is true , that God has revealed His plan prophetically through the myths and tales of paganism , why ca n't we all be pagans , and how do we know that Christianity is not just another pagan myth ?
Well , there is a problem with the Pagan myths . Most of the gods and deities do not really love mankind , but toy with humanity for their own amusement . They are self-serving , devious , game-playing deities , who are benevolent on one day , and malevolent the next .
Humans have never liked the idea that a god who loves me one day , may be out to destroy me the next . And why do the gods change ? Nobody really knows , but numerous theories and ideas are proposed which sometimes seem to appease the gods and make them love us again . Maybe we have to give him some fruit , or a chicken , or a cow , or in really dire situations , one of our own children .
But it is here that Christianity takes a different route , and comes up with an idea that no man could ever invent . Christianity teaches an idea that could have come only from God , for it is found in no other religion , and even still , is so hard to grasp that most people within Christianity do not even believe it .
In Christianity , and Christianity alone , all these negative elements of pagan mythology are stripped away , and we are told that God loves us so much , that He does not want us to sacrifice our own children , but instead , He will sacrifice His own Son for us . And this is n't necessary because He is angry at us , but because we have rebelled against Him . We have done everything wrong , and we have turned away from Him , and we have gone to war with Him , yet rather than make us claw our way back to Him and grovel before Him , begging for his forgiveness , He comes running after us , seeking to restore the friendship with us that He lost when we left .
It would be appallingly shameful , if it were n't so shockingly loving .
And what does Christianity call this shocking love of God ?
Grace .
There is no concept like it in any other religion . It is grace and grace alone that sets Christianity apart from every other system of belief .
And I 'm not referring to some weak-kneed grace of contemporary Christianity where we teach that God has done His part , and so we must do ours . No , God has done it all . Nor do I mean some half-hearted concept of grace where we must prove our acceptance of it by showing God that we are worthy of it . No , what part of “ God has done it all ” do we not understand ?
It is grace from first to last .
And this brings us back to Pagan myths and pagan holidays . It was grace that was absent from all pagan myths , and therefore , it is grace that fulfills all pagan myths , which is why I revel in them .
Grace to Pagans
People are uncomfortable with the idea of pagan myths prophetically pointing to Jesus Christ . But I 'm not sure why .
Can nature point people to Jesus ? Of course . Can our conscience ? Absolutely ? How about art and music ? Sure . What about stories ? Why not ? Especially when they reflect what we have seen in nature and felt in our conscience .
And what else are pagan myths except an attempt to explain in story form what has been observed in nature and felt in our conscience ? They are nothing if they are not that .
And so why should we be amazed that Jesus fulfills these stories ?
But more than that , and here is the best part , and also the part that explains why I revel in pagan holidays , through the grace of Jesus , if He can redeem me from my slavery to sin , why can not He also redeems stories ? Why can not He also redeems holidays ? Which is harder ? To redeem a person , or to redeem a day ? To redeem a rebellious sinner , or to redeem an imaginative story ?
But so that you may know that the Son of Man has power to redeem both stories and days , just look at yourself . If you have risen from your mat of pagan sin and death , then the core of paganism ( you and me ) has already been redeemed ! If Jesus Christ can redeem us , then certainly He can redeem our past , our present , our future , our mistakes , our holidays , and our stories .
So this Christmas season , revel in the exchanging of gifts , the decorated trees , the lights and glitter , the songs and poinsettia . None of this has anything to do with the Jesus of the Gospels . It all has pagan roots . But thank God , I have pagan roots too ! And so I revel in the paganess of it all . And just as God has made me into a new creation , so also I take the pagan traditions of Christmas , and rethink , reimagine , rework , and recreate them all to point to the person and work of Jesus Christ . In this way , they are brought out of the dominion of darkness and into the kingdom of light of the Son of God .
P.S . I wrote more about this topic in my short eBook , Christmas Redemption . You can get it on Amazon for only $ 0.99 .
Cephalopoda Glossary
A ventral view of this brain and the optic lobes can be found here .
J . Z . Young , the leading authority on the cephalopod nervous system in the latter half of the 20th century , divided the cephalopod brain into two regions : the supraesophageal mass and the subesophageal mass . These regions are joined laterally by two regions , the basal lobes and the dorsal magnocellular lobes . This arrangement suggest the ancestral brain was formed from two partially-circumesophageal cords that included the middle and posterior subesophageal masses and that these were fused dorsally with a third cord , the supraesophageal mass . The supra- and subesophageal masses further connected by the cerebro-brachial connective that runs between the anterior regions . The latter connection involves the anterior subesophageal mass and the superior buccal lobes . In decapodiforms these lobes are well removed from the rest of the brain and suggests that either they were not part of the original circumesophageal chords or formed a separate more anterior cord .
Click on an image to view larger version & data in a new window Figure . Lateral view of the brain of Vampyroteuthis infernalis reconstructed from histological sections . Drawing modified from Young ( 1967 ) .
Click on an image to view larger version & data in a new window
Figure . Ventral view of the brain of Vampyroteuthis infernalis reconstructed from histological sections . Drawing by R. Young .
The masses of the more posterior portion of the brain are joined laterally by the complex basal lobes and the dorsal magnocellular lobes . The separate nature of the lobes that join the supra- and subesophageal masses and , therefore , evidence for two rather than one ancestral cords , is apparent from the presence of a fissure between these regions ( see dark area in drawing of Vampyroteuthis brain ) which completely separates them at one point and a ventral fissure between the middle and posterior subesophageal masses which forms a path for the cephalic arteries ( not visible in this drawing ) .
In Nautilus , the three cords that comprise the brain are more apparent . The two ventral cords partially fuse prior to their joining the dorsal cord . This fusion is apparent by their slight more dorsal separation where a fissure ( J . Z . Young , 1965 ) separates the magnocellular lobe , at one point , from a more anterior brachial lobe ( comparable to the anterior and middle subesophageal masses of coleoids ) and therefore lies at the same point as the fissure in Vampyroteuthis . In Nautilus the two ventral cords , while joined laterally , are entirely separate over most of their length ventrally .
The Iranian president was told to tone down his rhetoric during his eighth and last visit to the United Nations General Assembly . But he ignored that warning during interviews and a speech at a high-level UN meeting Monday .
`` We do n't even count them as any part of any equation for Iran , '' he said of Israel , according to Reuters . `` They represent minimal disturbances that come into the picture and are then eliminated . ''
Israel 's UN envoy , Ron Prosor , walked out of a UN session on the rule of law when Ahmadinejad got the floor .
`` The leader of an outlaw country that is a serial violator of the fundamental principles of the rule of law has no place in this hall , '' Prosor said , according to Israeli media .
Ahmadinejad referred to the civil war in Syria as `` tribal '' fighting and denied his nation is funneling support to Syrian President Bashar Assad , saying , `` We see both sides as brothers . ''
Fernandez , who was diagnosed with a torn UCL after his eighth start last season and had surgery May 16 , warmed up on flat ground for several minutes Sunday morning before heading to the mound at the Roger Dean Stadium complex . He threw 10 warmup pitches , then fired 15 fastballs to bullpen coordinator Jeff Urgelles as pitching coach Chuck Hernandez watched from the side .
JUPITER , Fla. -- Marlins ace Jose Fernandez took another step in his rehab from Tommy John surgery on Sunday , when the right-hander threw a short bullpen session off the mound for the first time since last May .
JUPITER , Fla. -- Marlins ace Jose Fernandez took another step in his rehab from Tommy John surgery on Sunday , when the right-hander threw a short bullpen session off the mound for the first time since last May .
Fernandez , who was diagnosed with a torn UCL after his eighth start last season and had surgery May 16 , warmed up on flat ground for several minutes Sunday morning before heading to the mound at the Roger Dean Stadium complex . He threw 10 warmup pitches , then fired 15 fastballs to bullpen coordinator Jeff Urgelles as pitching coach Chuck Hernandez watched from the side .
Video : Outlook : Fernandez could make second-half impact
`` It 's all about steps for him along the way , and this is one of those important steps for him , '' Marlins manager Mike Redmond said prior to Fernandez 's session . `` Just to see him back up on the mound is obviously exciting for us . This is just another step in getting him back to pitch for us . I know it 's a day that he 's been waiting for and is excited about , as all of us have . ''
Fernandez smiled and hugged his mother and grandmother as he headed back to the clubhouse after the session .
`` Being the first one , I was a little nervous , but it was great , '' Fernandez said . `` It 's huge . I mean , after almost nine and a half months , getting on the mound again , it feels great . It 's where I belong and that 's what I love to do , but it 's just another step toward a goal . Does n't mean we 're going to rush anything . ''
Fernandez said his back , legs and shoulder feel strong , and that everything felt `` really , really normal '' during his bullpen session . He said the velocity on his pitches was at about 50-55 percent .
`` I think today all around was a really good day . The strike zone was there , the location was there , in and out , right down the middle with a fastball . It was just like riding a bike , '' Fernandez said . `` Tomorrow we 'll see how it feels , how we adjust , because it 's been a while . But so far , I feel like I threw a light bullpen . I 'm going with the flow , following the plan . There are a lot of days ahead . Just keep taking little steps forward . ''
Hernandez said that Sunday 's session was another day of a long process , but that so far everything has gone according to plan .
`` He wanted to throw it at 6:30 this morning . He was probably more nervous than his first start against the Mets [ in 2013 ] , '' Hernandez said . `` I could just see the excitement level and all that , but he 's been very mature about it . He understands we have a long road and a long process and there 's not going to be anything that changes it or interrupts it as long as everything continues to go good . ''
Fernandez 's next bullpen session , according to Hernandez , will be Thursday , and after that , the righty will have sessions on Mondays and Thursdays each week .
`` Our biggest job is to keep the governor on him because he feels good , '' Hernandez said . `` He understands that . He 's not in a big rush . He 's not wearing me out about talking , ' I 'm ready to pitch , ' anytime sooner than we scheduled . He 's going to go through the process and do it right . He 's on track to do the kinds of things he wants . He just ca n't speed up the timetable , that 's all . ''
In the report , Tom K. Wong , an associate professor of political science at the University of California , San Diego , analyzed a sample of 2,492 counties from an Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) dataset . In this sample , 602 were identified by ICE as “ sanctuary ” counties , where local law enforcement did n't accept “ detainers ” —requests from ICE to hold suspected undocumented individuals in custody for extra time . Wong compared the crime rates and economic conditions in these counties with the ones that did comply with ICE , controlling for population and demographic characteristics .
The harm the order refers to be a decline in public safety . But that decline does n't appear to exist . To the contrary : Sanctuary cities show lower crime and higher economic well-being , a new analysis published by the Center for American Progress and the National Immigration Law Center shows .
Sanctuary jurisdictions across the United States willfully violate Federal law in an attempt to shield aliens from removal from the United States . These jurisdictions have caused immeasurable harm to the American people and to the very fabric of our Republic .
On Wednesday , President Donald Trump announced two executive orders to jumpstart his immigration agenda . In one of them , he asked “ sanctuary cities ” —jurisdictions that legally limit their local police from collaborating with federal immigration authorities—to stop doing so , or else , lose federal funds . Per the order :
He found 35.5 fewer violent and property crimes per 10,000 people in sanctuary counties versus non-sanctuary ones— “ a result that is highly statistically significant. ” Counties in large metros reported an even more dramatically difference , with 65.4 fewer crimes per 10,000 people .
Sanctuary counties also registered better economic conditions . On average , they had higher median incomes ( by about $ 4,353 ) , lower poverty ( by 2.3 percent ) , and slightly lower unemployment rates ( 1.1 percent ) . These positive effects were exaggerated in the small counties , where the contributions of each individual immigrant were likely to have a larger impact .
Wong concludes :
The data support arguments made by law enforcement executives that communities are safer when law enforcement agencies do not become entangled in federal immigration enforcement efforts . The data also make clear that , when counties protect all of their residents , they see significant economic gains . By keeping out of federal immigration enforcement , sanctuary counties are keeping families together—and when households remain intact and individuals can continue contributing , this strengthens local economies .
Wong 's analysis is not the first to contradict this administration 's narrative on sanctuary cities . A previous study examined crime rates over time in these areas . Some , like San Francisco , experienced a rise in crime after the fact ; others , like Baltimore , saw the opposite effect . On average , the researchers observed no “ statistically significant effect ” on crime after these cities enacted sanctuary-type policies .
Like in any other group of people , undocumented immigrants do contain some people who commit serious crimes—but they make up a small minority , according to a 2012 congressional report . * Still , some opponents maintain that these cities pose a threat to their residents . But there are mayors on both sides of the political aisle who have argued that conflating policing with immigration enforcement leads to a breakdown in the community trust—a claim that research has backed up . They argue that “ sanctuary cities ” do cooperate with authorities do deport violent criminals , just in a way that does n't jeopardize the relationship local police have with immigrant populations . Wong 's findings support their case : Cities where immigrant communities trust authorities to report crime are safer and more productive .
* This post has been updated .
Her household was only “ moderately religious , ” and yet she still feels threatened enough to lead a double life . Apparently her parents are yet more Misunderstanders of the Religion of Peace . This girl has good reason to be afraid : Aqsa Parvez was murdered by her father for not wearing the hijab , and Rifqa Bary was slapped by hers for the same reason . Then there is Islam 's death penalty for apostates : Muhammad said , “ If anyone changes his religion , kill him. ” Some schools of Islamic jurisprudence , however , allow for the imprisonment of a female apostate until she recants her apostasy .
“ IAmA 21 yr old Muslim girl who wears the headscarf but has led a double-life kept hidden from my family for the last 3 years , ” by Undercover 2011 at Reddit.com , November 26 ( thanks to Just Kaafir ) :
I am 21 years old and was bought up in a moderately religious Muslim family . My mother wears the burkha and is extremely religious . She is very spiritually connected to God and encourages the whole family to be more religious but she is not violent or forceful . My father is quite strict but he is more culturally inclined ( Pakistani ) than religiously .
I am the eldest child and have had to fight for pretty much every ounce of independence in my life that most Westerners would not have to worry about e.g . going to college , going to university . Once I started university , I was not allowed to live there . I had to endure a two hour commute ( four hours altogether to travel there and then return on a GOOD traffic day ) four days a week for three years .
No one at my university knows I am a Muslim . I remove my headscarf and change my clothes . I kept this up for three years and graduated with a first class honours degree in Medicine . At home , my parents have no idea that whilst at university ; I have changed a lot . I 've become more confident , better-read ( obviously ) and I have come to the conclusion that there is no God . When the holidays roll around , I do not see friends or go out . I 'm not allowed to leave the house or even work outside of my small town ( a ‘ suburb ' of [ BLANKBLANKBLANK ] I guess you would call it in American terms ! )
None of my friends ( all are from university and live all over the country or outside the country ) know my home address , home number or home situation . I 've never once partied with them or done any of the normal student things because I have always made excuses . They have no idea . In their minds , I 'm very well-read , very studious and hardworking and the last person on earth who would have a religious faith ( mainly because I have become more and more hardline atheist over the last three years ) .
I 'm planning on doing a PhD in [ BLANKBLANKBLANK ] but my family have no idea . They do not support me in my career ambitions and I am pretty sure their long-term view is that I will settle in my small town , allow myself to be coaxed into some marriage and work at the local Walmart . I plan to leave without telling them . I just had to share this somewhere .
Oh , and before any Muslims rebuke me or call me a disgrace – understand one thing . I made a consenting , informed choice to leave my religion . The fact of the matter is , my parents are Muslims and they use the name of Allah to keep me chained to them and to make me submit to their plans for my life . This is not what the religion preaches but this is how some people who mix up culture and religion go about these things and my parents are an example . They would never support me not wearing a hijab ( head covering ) or saying I do n't believe in God . It 's all or nothing for them . They also have never understood me or my educational aspirations or my career aspirations . I 've grown up feeling incredibly isolated and alone and I do not blame Islam or Muslims for any of it . Religion is a card many people play in order to justify crap .
UPDATE 4 : As people have been asking me to tell more stories , I made a blog – http : //uncovered2011.wordpress.com I will probably update that daily . I find it a more organised and coherent way of talking about my story and issues . Reddit is a bit confusing and often very repetitive !
Linda Givetash , The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- Despite the rats , roaches and clogged toilets at decaying rooming houses and hotels in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside , activists and experts say they provide necessary affordable housing to the poorest people who would otherwise be pushed onto the streets .
The Balmoral Hotel recently became the focus of the housing crisis in the neighbourhood when the city issued an evacuation notice for about 143 tenants after it determined the building is at risk of collapse .
Vancouver 's bylaws define single room occupancy as hotels or rooming houses with non-market units of less than 320 square feet that typically come with shared bathrooms and do n't have a full kitchen .
There are 156 buildings with a total of 7,199 units that meet the categorization and 43 per cent are privately owned and managed . The rest are either owned or managed by non-profits or the government .
Many of the buildings are more than 100 years old and were first established to house workers in forestry and mining , said Abi Bond , the city 's director of housing policy and projects .
Over the decades , low-income residents in need of affordable housing increasingly moved into the buildings and the city enacted a bylaw to preserve the buildings for that purpose .
Housing activist Wendy Pedersen said some tenants in the Balmoral have lived there for decades and most residents have a disability , mental-health issues or addictions . They have built a community and look out for each other , she added .
Single occupancy accommodations exist in cities around the world , but Bond said Vancouver 's system is unique and is typically compared with San Francisco .
Bond said the city has a policy to ultimately phase out the buildings in favour of social housing that has kitchens and bathrooms in each unit , but the process could take decades and requires funding from other levels of government .
In the meantime , the city is encouraging more government or non-profit partnerships and the purchase of single room occupancy buildings that are privately owned in an effort to see them upgraded and provide social services to the tenants .
`` The city ca n't do all of this on our own , '' Bond said .
The age of the buildings and rents as low as $ 375 a month mean some have fallen into disrepair .
A fire at the Pandora Hotel in 2010 led the city to step up enforcement of regulations and inspections particularly at the 10 highest risk buildings , said Kaye Krishna , the city 's general manager of development , buildings and licences .
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson said in a news release issued Friday that the city is consulting its prosecutor about taking the owner of the Balmoral to court for the 150-plus violations related to the safety and security of the tenants .
Neither the owner of the hotel nor his lawyer could not be reached for comment .
The city has the power to conduct repairs and bill the owner if orders are n't followed , but Krishna said the city does n't typically take that route , preferring instead to use the courts and other enforcement strategies to hold owners accountable .
`` Overall , the city feels it 's really incumbent on the private owners to do the work and not necessarily at the expense of taxpayer dollars , '' she said .
More recent inspections by engineers led the city to issue a warning to residents to evacuate the Balmoral by Monday because it is structurally unsound .
The city says in a news release that it has secured 131 housing units for the displaced tenants and is working to help the remaining renters .
Jean Swanson , a volunteer and organizer with the Carnegie Community Action Project , said the problem stems from a lack of affordable housing .
In 2016 , the city found 1,847 people were homeless and of them , 539 were not using any type of shelter . A preliminary report for 2017 says the number of homeless people grew to over 2,100 .
Swanson said gentrification in the Downtown Eastside , with the development of more condominiums and market rentals , has made more people homeless
`` People feel like they 're being pushed out of their own neighbourhood , '' she said .
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
Since the season four finale , Veep fans have been preparing for the twist teased throughout season five , Tom James ' finagling of Constitutional fine print to become the acting president after neither Selina nor Senator O'Brien manage to be elected by the House of Representatives . Instead , showrunner David Mandel goes another way , surprising both Selina and the audience when Senator Laura Montez becomes the acting president , sending Selina off to start a new chapter in her life . And there will be another chapter . HBO picked Veep up for season six before this season premiered , and Mandel has already confirmed the upcoming season will pick up with Selina post-presidency . “ Inauguration ” has an incredibly surreal feel to it , very consciously putting the viewers in Selina 's shoes . We keep waiting for a twist or last-minute save , for the episode to be revealed as a dream sequence or even an alternate timeline . But alas , there 's nothing to be done . Montez wo n't be reaching across the aisle and including Selina in her administration , Selina 's subconscious did n't whip up a nightmare scenario to torture her while she 's passed out at Richard 's feet . The unthinkable has happened : Selina has lost the presidency , and Veep will never be the same .
Advertisement
“ Kissing Your Sister ” is one of the series ' best and funniest showcases for its ensemble cast ; “ Inauguration ” had a steep hill to climb if it wanted to compete . Instead , the writers deliver a comparatively subdued finale , more concerned with sending each character off into the sunset satisfyingly than giving them each a final , memorable moment . The exception , of course , is Gary , who has a rather spectacular meltdown and lashes out at the rest of Selina 's staff . It 's a fun scene and Tony Hale is great as ever . On the whole , though , the finale is a quiet affair , with Selina more contemplative than cutting . One of the best shots of the episode is one of its last , Selina in the rain , the Washington monument behind her , and listening to the inauguration celebrations for President Montez . The director holds on Selina as she wonders what comes next , what can possibly follow the culmination of her life 's work and the fulfillment , and then quick loss , of her childhood dreams . Yes , Selina is frequently horrible , but in that moment , she is human , and it 's hard not to feel for her .
Selina 's emotional journey through the finale works well , but other elements are less successful . While Mandel and the rest of the creative team have been building to this finale all season , they never quite manage to sell the most important element of the process , the Senate 's Vice Presidential choice ascending to the presidency , rather than acting in the role until the House can revote on the issue and select a president . To mislead of Selina potentially returning to the Vice Presidency keeps viewers off the scent of where Mandel is actually headed , but it feels like a contrivance too many for this usually savvy series . “ Inauguration ” is having a number of questionable moments , from Tom James offering Selina the vice presidency ( instead of someone who could actively bolster his position ) to President Montez 's pronunciation of “ Laura , ” which seems like it would do more to hurt her position with Latino voters than help it . Both scenes are funny and the actors sell the material well , but they contribute to the episode 's disconnected , unreal feeling . The fates have conspired against Selina and characters are acting outside of their self-interest to make her loss of power as humiliating as possible . As a series finale , it 's an effective way to go . As the launching pad for a new season , it 's a little worrying .
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has proven time and again how talented and versatile she is , moving from one successful show to another and excelling each time . Undoubtedly whatever season six brings , if Louis-Dreyfus is at the center , it will be incredibly entertaining . However Veep is not just the Selina show , and the prospect of a Selina , Gary , and Catherine-centric season six , with only occasional intersections between Selina and her former team , is disheartening . Equally puzzling is the notion of a season six that attempts to keep up with or reunite the fractured Team Meyer while still giving adequate time to Selina 's new life . This feels like the natural time for the series to end , with Mandel free to write a Selina spinoff if he and Louis-Dreyfus still want to explore the character . And maybe that 's what season six will be , functionally . If not , puzzling as this finale may be , Mandel has earned some trust after his fantastic work this season . If so , “ Inauguration ” is a fitting , if sober , end to what has been a consistently hilarious series .
Advertisement
Stray observations
Only a handful of lines pulled a full-on laugh from me , but two that did are Amy 's , “ Too bad Goebbels killed himself ” and Catherine 's , “ You 're gon na do something with your hair , right ? ” The line of the episode , however , goes to Dan Bakkedahl for Congressman Furlong 's description of Jonah and his interns , “ cockscraping each other 's esophagi . ”
The vice presidential candidates winding up in contention for the presidency is a stretch , but one almost singlehandedly justified by Doyle being able to cast the deciding vote that kicks Selina out of office .
If this is the last we see of Selina 's staffers , it 's nice to know that the romantically frustrated Amy may have found a significant other she likes and who will treat her much better than Dan ever would . Mike will also be much happier as a stay at home dad than press secretary and of course , Sue is immediately back to work , keeping the next administration running smoothly .
As for characters not getting the happiest of send-offs , Selina 's hope that the rain will at least put a damper on Montez 's day is great , but the discovery of an unfortunately located lump on Jonah trumps that handily . Poor Jonah , if only he 'd followed his own advice : “ Check ‘ em . Do n't neglect ‘ em . ”
Ben and Kent 's brief exchange about Sue 's absence is welcome ; at least the writers acknowledged their sidelining of Sue . Also , as if his affinity for data were n't enough , Kent earns an even bigger place in my heart when he reveals his love of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine .
I have no idea what season six of Veep will bring , but thank you to everyone who followed along with The A.V . Club 's coverage of season five . It 's been a pleasure .
About the Swap
The Brazen Dropouts Bike Swap is a one-day event held annually in January in Madison , WI that connects folks with bike stuff to sell with people who want to buy it . Over 125 vendors register to sell stuff like cycling attire , shoes , frames , forks , cranks , pedals -- you name it , it 's probably at the Swap . In 2019 , we had approximately 1000 general attendees ! The exact vendors vary from year to year , but it 's a good bet that you 'll find some spectacular deals , and meet a bunch of great people . Additionally , a number of non-profit bicycle advocacy groups attend the Swap - so even if you do n't buy anything , you can learn about some great events and organizations ! The Brazen Dropouts do n't take any commission on any sale .
Your Guide to the Swap
Bike Corral - For buying/selling Bikes !
The bike corral is ideal for those who have complete bikes to sell . You can think of it like a pumpkin patch full of bikes for Swap attendees to peruse . There 's no need to register ahead of time : just bring your bikes to the Swap . For non-vendors , it costs $ 10 to enter the first bike into the corral ( general admission included ) , and then $ 5 for each additional bike . Vendors may enter the first bike into the corral for free ( per paid vendor table/end-row/expo space ) , and each bike after will be $ 5 ( all payment accepted only the day of the Swap - no pre-registration ) . See the link above for the form for the corral - you 'll fill this out , we 'll attach it to your bike , and make sure that any interested buyers get in touch with you directly while you shop the Swap . Non-vendor bike sellers may enter the main entrance of the building starting at 9am to get your bike into the corral and get a general admission wristband .
Tables - For Selling anything !
We have about 130 tables available , with each total space approximately 5 ' x 10 ' and including a table with two chairs , which comprise the majority of the floor . You can register as many tables as you 'd like , and we 'll be sure to situate them next to one another . You can sell anything at a table ! We just ask that you do n't move them , keep the aisles clear , and do n't spill over into someone else 's space . If you represent a non-profit , please get in touch to inquire about spaces we have available to you .
Row end spaces - 'create your own set-up '
These spaces , which will be located at the ends of each vendor table row , will be approximately 10 ' x 10 ' and will allow you to create your own set-up . No table or chairs will be included in these spaces at the standard rate , but vendors can bring anything they want to set-up their space . Only 20 of these spaces will be available , so sign-up early !
Expo Spaces - For Selling Anything ! In STyle .
`` Expo spaces '' are 10 ' x 20 ' spaces situated front and center at the venue . These spaces are designed to allow free-form presentation . Some vendors set up a small tent over their space , bring their own fixtures , and set up a small pop-up shop . Others need only the two tables and chairs provided with every space , but want to situate them differently than the vendors tables mentioned above typically allow .
Hourly raffles & door prizes
Our gracious sponsors have provided items for hourly raffles - each general admission entry and each purchased vendor space will receive one raffle ticket for free ( further raffle tickets ca n't be purchased ) .
Questions ?
Send us an email or ask us on Facebook . The Swap email is n't monitored closely during the Swap off-season , so message us on Facebook if you do n't hear back .
NT mother took her own life after department removed her baby , royal commission hears
Posted
A woman took her own life after the Northern Territory Government took her baby daughter into care , the Royal Commission into the Protection and Detention of Children in the NT has heard .
A woman , known as DT , gave evidence before the commission on Wednesday , and said that after her son and his partner had their second daughter removed , they took part in a series of counselling and rehabilitation programs , but never got their baby back .
`` It was a cycle for them to be going through over and over , '' she said .
They did everything the Department of Children and Families ( DCF ) asked them to do , she said .
`` She [ her son 's partner ] thought she could n't do any more to be strong to get those kids back . ''
DT said her son 's partner took her own life the day her son returned from rehabilitation .
`` She used to tell me a lot , ' I ca n't take this anymore because I am crying so much ' , '' she said .
`` It really hurts me , too .
`` She tried to become very strong , you know , for those kids . ''
DT also said the department had told her the woman 's daughters would attend her funeral , but it never happened .
Baby was removed while parents were away
In her evidence , DT said child protection had agreed that her son and his partner could go away for weekends as long as she was available to look after the baby .
But she said that one weekend while they were away , child protection workers came and removed the baby from her care .
`` I said to her , those two are out because they were allowed to have some time off on weekends because I am here to take care of the baby , '' DT said she told a female worker .
Where is the royal commission up to ? Hearings on issues pre , during and post youth detention have wrapped up
Commission now hearing evidence about child protection system
These are the last hearings before the final report , due September
`` She was all fine and all good about that , and then she rang the other fella , he was the guy from DCF also .
`` He then came up to home and he said , 'no there 's an order from the DCF mob up in Darwin to say we have to take the child ' .
`` I felt so heartbroken because the baby was fine with me . ''
DT said she , her son , and his partner asked the department the following Monday why the alleged agreement had been broken .
`` But then they decided or made all these arrangements to say they were going to send the baby to a carer , '' she said .
DT said they saw both daughters once or twice after that but they were never returned to the family 's care .
Topics : royal-commissions , law-crime-and-justice , death , community-and-society , suicide , nt
Microsoft 's upcoming live-action Halo series , Nightfall , has a number of big names behind it so expectations for the latest effort to create a live-action Halo series are relatively high .
Alien 's Ridley Scott is acting as executive producer , Battlestar Galactica director , Sergio Mimica-Gezzan , is directing the series and Paul Scheuring of Prison Break , is writing the show . Microsoft has also reportedly put more money into their latest live-action Halo effort than they did with Forward Unto Dawn , a surprisingly decent first take on bringing Halo to the small screen .
Halo : Nightfall takes place between Halo 4 and Halo 5 : Guardians during a time of peace between the Covenant and humans . It 's meant to fill the gap between the two game 's stories and provide extra context for fans of the series , wetting hardcore fanatic 's thirst for more Halo content between the release of Halo : The Masterchief Collection and Halo 5 : Guardians .
Nightfall focuses on Mike Colter 's Jameson Locke , an ONI soldier ( ONI is the intelligence branch of the Halo universe 's UNSC military ) and his squad . The first episode in the series , “ It 's Only Just Beginning , ” begins with Locke and his squad trailing an alien who ends up meeting with a Covenant elite . Without giving too much away , Locke 's squad thinks something is amiss and some sort of doomsday device has been exchanged between the pair .
In general the show is reminiscent of Battle Star Galactica both in terms of visuals and its made-for-TV special effects . While Nightfall is only a web series , many of this episode 's special effects are underwhelming and do n't seem as high-quality as what was featured in Forward Unto Dawn back in 2012 . For instance the Elite in this episode , as well as other special effects , do n't feel up to par with what many people likely expect from modern sci-fi films or television shows .
Right now what 's interesting is Halo Nightfall also does n't really feel like it has much to do with Halo . Fans of the series will notice franchise mainstays like the pistol , assault rifle and an elite , but Nightfall could just as easily exist outside the Halo universe . Depending on how you look at it , this could either be a good thing or bad thing .
It opens the mini-series up to a new , broader audience that enjoys sci-fi but might know nothing about the Halo franchise . On the other hand , long-time fans of the Halo series could be disappointed Nightfall does n't feel more like a Halo video game .
Much of the episode 's plot also gets bogged down in military speak that only dedicated fans of the Halo universe will likely understand . There 's very little effort made to explain the internal power struggle between the ONI and Sedra military police force , although this could be explained further in later episodes .
Halo : Nightfall
Episode : Episode 1 – “ It 's Only Just Beginning ”
Release Date : November 11th 6.5/10
On the plus side , Colter 's performance as Locke , a character that will apparently play a pivotal role in Halo 5 : Guardians , is convincing . Since Nightfall 's goal is to give fans more context in terms of Locke 's character , this is definitely a good thing .
It 's still too early to pass a final verdict on whether Nightfall is worth watching or not and while the mini-series first episode shows promise , it is n't as impressive as I 'd hoped it would be , especially after being blown away by 2012 's Forward Unto Dawn .
Halo : Nightfall launches with the Halo : The Masterchief Collection on Nov. 11 , 2014 .
Follow @ Patrick_ORourke .
Plant roots enmeshed in layers of discarded materials inside upright pipes can purify dirty water from a washing machine , making it fit for growing vegetables and flushing toilets , according to Penn State horticulturists .
`` Our global fresh water supplies are fast depleting , '' said Robert D. Cameron , doctoral student in horticulture . `` So it is critical that we begin to look at alternatives on how we can take wastewater and turn it into a resource . ''
Cameron and Robert D. Berghage , associate professor of horticulture , use discarded materials and a combination of plant and bacterial communities to treat water from a washing machine and other wastewater .
According to Cameron , this design is superior to previous living treatment systems in that it requires much less space and is much more efficient at removing contaminants .
`` We have shown that with this system we can take wastewater from a washing machine and remove more than 90 percent of the pollutants within three days , '' said Cameron . `` The treated water had very low levels of suspended solids and no detectable levels of e.coli . ''
Cameron presented the work at a meeting on organic and sustainable agriculture in Havana .
The water treatment system consists of two seven-foot long plastic corrugated pipes a foot in diameter . The researchers placed these pipes upright three feet apart in a basin containing a foot of potting soil and crushed limestone .
`` We planted the three feet by five feet basin at the foot of the pipes with papyrus and horsetail reed , '' said Cameron . `` Just like in a wetland , the roots of these plants and associated bacteria clean the water as it flows under the basin surface and through the two columns . ''
Both culvert pipes are filled with alternating layers of porous rocks , composted cow manure , peat moss , tire crumbs , potting soil and crushed limestone .
Researchers planted vegetables and ornamental plants -- tomatoes , peppers , rosemary , basil and orchids -- in holes drilled along the length of the pipes . They then pumped about 45 gallons of wastewater from a washing machine to the top of the two pipes .
`` As the dirty water trickles down the pipes , the tight mesh created by the soil , gravel and roots filters out pollutants , '' explained Cameron . `` Additionally , bacterial colonies among the roots eat away the dissolved organic matter while layers of iron scraps or clay can be added to trap phosphorus . ''
By periodically replacing the plants , pollutants not metabolized but trapped , can be removed from the system , he added .
Chemical analyses of the treated water show a reduction of nitrites from 24 parts per million to just 1.9 parts per million , a reduction of more than 90 percent .
The system is also effective in filtering out boron . While boron is a necessary micronutrient for plants , it is toxic at high levels and can accumulate in the ground .
`` Our gray water sample had boron levels of about 702 parts per million , '' said Cameron . `` But after about three days of treatment , water collected from the foot of the pipes had only about 58 parts per million -- a reduction of about 92 percent . Dozens of other pollutants were similarly reduced in two to three days . ''
Cameron indicates that the next phase of research will focus on the beneficial reuses of the treated wastewater such as reducing a building 's need for air conditioning .
Archaeologists excavating an ancient mound in northern Greece have uncovered what appears to be the entrance to an important tomb from about the end of the reign of warrior-king Alexander the Great , officials said Tuesday .
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , who visited the tightly-guarded site Tuesday , said the discovery `` is clearly extremely important '' and dates between 325-300 BC .
Alexander , who started from the northern Greek region of Macedonia to build an empire stretching as far as India , died in 323 BC and was buried in Egypt . His fellow royals were traditionally interred in a cemetery near Vergina , far to the west , where the lavishly-furnished tomb of Alexander 's father , Philip II , was discovered in the 1970s .
But archaeologists believe the apparently unlooted Amphipolis grave , which is surrounded by a surprisingly long and well-built wall with courses of marble decorations , may have belonged to a senior ancient official .
Excavator Katerina Peristeri has argued that the mound was originally topped by a large stone lion that was unearthed a century ago some 5 kilometers from the site . In the past , the lion has been associated with Laomedon of Mytilene , one of Alexander 's military commanders who became governor of Syria after the king 's death .
`` The excavation will answer the crucial question of who was buried inside , '' Samaras said .
The tomb is expected to be opened in the next two weeks .
So far , workers have unveiled a flight of 13 steps that lead to a broad path , flanked by masonry walls , which end in a built-up arch covering two headless , wingless sphinxes - mythical creatures that blend human , bird and lion characteristics .
A strong police guard has been mounted around the fenced-off mound , where earth-moving machinery was shifting tons of dirt from the excavation on Tuesday .
Fires break out at cemetery plagued with problems , cause under investigation Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
Fire officials are looking into whether fires at a Pearl City cemetery may have been intentionally set .
The Honolulu Fire Department says there were two small fires at Sunset Memorial Cemetery , the same cemetery that has been plagued with problems for years .
Fire officials tell us a small shed went up in flames , and crews had to put out another fire on the other side of the building .
They say no one was hurt , and there was no one around when they arrived .
`` There was a small brush fire that started up on the back side of this residence , and actually we 're going to have our investigator take a look into that , and we 're going to be checking to see if there 's any evidence of a malicious fire on that one also , '' said Battalion Chief Craig Uchimura . `` We 're not sure if it was embers that may have traveled or if it was intentionally set . It 's undetermined at this time . ''
The building is considered to be a total loss . The shed that caught on fire has been a problem in the past with homeless people living there .
Just this weekend , the Pearl City Neighborhood Board met with the community to figure out how to clean and maintain the cemetery .
Darrell Salvador , who is leading the effort , says he wants to tear the shed down , but that ca n't be done until they can clear up liability issues .
He notes that liability has been a stumbling block to nearly everything that is needed to clean up the cemetery , but promises he and other volunteers will keep trying to come up with a solution .
The past six months have seen an incredible ratcheting up of tensions in the East and South China Seas , where the world 's three largest economies—China , the United States , and Japan—are caught up in an increasingly tangled web of territorial disputes , competing alliances , and historical grievances .
In February , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry assured Japan that the Americans would defend Japan in case of a military confrontation between Tokyo and Beijing . That same month , U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert said the Philippines could count on American support if there were a clash with China in the South China Sea .
In early May , the Japanese Self-Defense Forces practiced “ retaking ” islands of the Amami Group near Okinawa in a not-so-subtle challenge to China over the ownership of the Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea . That same week , U.S. and Philippine forces held joint war games , while President Barack Obama promised “ ironclad ” support against “ aggressive ” neighbors interested in “ changing the status quo ” in Asia .
Since then , the competing claims have only escalated . In mid-May , China challenged Japanese ownership of Okinawa , stating it did “ not belong to Japan , ” challenging Tokyo and indirectly calling into question the presence of huge U.S. bases on the island .
Tokyo responded by digging in its heels . Later that month , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged that Tokyo would support the Philippines , Vietnam , and other members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) in their disputes with Beijing over islands and shoals in the South China Seas . And most recently , on July 1 , the Abe government “ re-interpreted ” Article 9 of its peace constitution to allow Japan to use military force in support of its allies . U.S. allies in the region supported the move .
The Philippines , meanwhile , has agreed to allow the U.S. military use of the former American base at Subic Bay .
There are points of friction seemingly everywhere . American naval vessels have accused the Chinese Navy of playing chicken off China 's coast . Chinese ships are blockading Philippine ships near a number of disputed shoals and reefs . Vietnam claims China rammed some of its ships . Japan scrambled a record number of fighter planes to intercept supposed incursions by Chinese and Russian aircraft . U.S . Senator John McCain called China “ a rising threat , ” and the Pentagon 's Frank Kandell told the House Armed Forces Committee that U.S. military superiority in the Pacific was “ not assured . ”
In short , “ tense ” does n't quite describe the situation in Asia these days—more like “ scary . ”
The Peace Treaty That Could Start a War
A major source of this friction are two documents most Americans know nothing about : the 1951 San Francisco Treaty that ended World War II in Asia , and a little-known doctrine called the AirSea Battle plan .
According to research by Kimie Hara , the Director of East Asian Studies at Ontario 's Renison University College and the author of numerous books on the Cold War in Asia , today 's tensions were purposely built into the 1951 Treaty . “ Close examination of the Allies ' documents , particularly those of the United States ( which was primarily responsible for drafting the peace treaty ) , reveals that some , if not all , of these problems were intentionally created or left unresolved to protect U.S. strategic interests , ” she writes . Neither China nor Korea was invited to the treaty talks , and while the USSR was present , it was not a signatory .
Hara says the United States wanted to create “ strategic ambiguity ” and “ manageable instability ” that would allow it to continue stationing a major military presence in the region . The examples she gives are the ongoing disagreements and tensions over the Kuril/Northern Territories Islands , the Dokdo/Takeshima islands , the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands , the Spratly/Nansha , and the Paracel/Xisha islands—and not to mention the divided Korean peninsula and the Taiwan Straits . All of these—plus a few others—have led to confrontations among Japan , China , Russia , the Philippines , Vietnam , South Korea , North Korea , Malaysia , and Brunei .
Sometimes the U.S. government directly sabotaged efforts to resolve issues among Asian nations . In 1954 , Japan and the Soviet Union restored diplomatic relations and were on the verge of cutting a deal over the Kurlies/Northern Territory islands , essentially splitting the difference : Japan would take two islands , the USSR another two .
However , Washington was worried that a peace treaty between Tokyo and Moscow would eventually lead to diplomatic ties between Japan and communist China , which would have exerted , says Hara , “ considerable pressure on the United States to vacate Okinawa , whose importance had significantly increased as a result of the Americas ' Cold War strategy in Asia. ” Okinawa was a major base for the United States during the Korean War .
So Washington torpedoed the deal , telling Tokyo that if it did not demand all four islands , the United States would not return Okinawa—which had been controlled by the U.S. military since the end of World War II—to Japan . The U.S. knew the Soviets would reject the Japanese demand , which would scuttle efforts to reduce tensions between the two nations . There is still no peace treaty between Russia and Japan .
A Land Invasion of China ?
AirSea Battle ( ASB ) has been official U.S. military doctrine in Asia since 2010 , and what it calls for is chilling : the military defeat—World War II style—of China . Not even during the height of the Cold War did the United States and it allies envision defeating the Soviet Union in military combat , seeking to rather “ contain ” it .
In the 1990s , China began building a military that could defend its coastal waters . Called “ denial of access , ” its strategy incorporates a variety of anti-ship and ballistic missiles , stealth submarines , cyber warfare , and space surveillance . China 's turn from its traditional reliance on land forces to “ denial of access ” was given a major push in 1996 , when the Clinton administration deployed two aircraft carrier battle groups in the Taiwan Straits during a period of tension between China and Taiwan . Beijing could do nothing about it , and the Chinese military was deeply embarrassed .
ASB is designed to neutralize “ denial of access ” by “ blinding ” Chinese radar and surveillance capabilities , destroying missile sites and command centers , and , according to Amitai Etzioni of George Washington University—author of books on U.S. foreign policy and a former senior adviser to the White House under Jimmy Carter—allowing U.S. military forces to “ enter contested zones and conclude the conflict by bringing to bear the full force of their material military advantage . ”
The potential dangers involved in such an undertaking are sobering . Since ASB would entail strikes deep into Chinese territory , Beijing might assume such attacks were directed at China 's nuclear weapons arsenal . The general rule with nukes is “ use them or lose them. ” According to Etzioni , the Center for Strategic and International Studies concludes that “ China is likely to respond to what is effectively a major attack on its mainland with all the military means at its disposal—including its stockpile of nuclear arms . ”
While Pentagon officials claim that ASB is not aimed at any particular country , China is the only power in Asia capable of “ access denial ” to the U.S. military . Etzioni quotes one “ senior Naval official ” as saying “ AirSea Battle is all about convincing the Chinese that we will win this competition . ”
The Chinese are fully aware of ASB , which does much to explain their recent assertiveness in the East China Sea . The Diaoyu/Senkakus are part of the “ first island chain ” through which Chinese submarines and surface craft must pass in order to exit Chinese coastal waters . If Japan controls those islands , it can detect—and with anti-ship missiles , destroy—anyone goes from China to the Pacific .
Aggression in the South China Sea
China has a good case that Japan 's claim to the Diaoyu/Senkakus violates the 1945 Potsdam Agreement . Potsdam was supposed to dismantle Japan 's empire , including territories that it had seized during its years of expansion . The Diaoyu/Senkakus were absorbed by Japan following the 1894-1895 Sino-Japanese War , so China has a solid ownership argument .
However , China can make no such case for the Spratlys , Parcels , or reefs and shoals of the South China Sea . It may be that defense considerations are driving some of those disputes—most of China 's energy supplies transit the region—but oil , gas , and fishing rights would seem to loom larger .
In any case , China appears to be in violation of the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea that guarantees countries a 200-nautical-mile “ exclusive economic zone. ” China , using a 19th-century “ nine-dash line ” map , claims “ indisputable sovereignty ” over 3.5 million square kilometers of the South China Sea , a sea that borders six nations and through which one third of the world 's shipping passes .
While China 's forceful behavior in the East China Sea is somewhat understandable , Beijing 's decision to throw its weight around in the South China Sea has given the United States an opportunity to exploit the situation . Because of tensions between China and the Philippines , the U.S. military was recently invited back into the islands , which had expelled the United States in the 1990s . And China 's unilateral actions in the Paracels have some Vietnamese talking about a military relationship with Washington .
Taking a Step Back
All sides need to take a step back .
China should adhere to a 2002 ASEAN code of conduct to negotiate its disputes with Vietnam and the Philippines and to bring the issue of the Diaoyu/Senkakus before the International Court of Justice .
The United States should back off its blank check support for the right-wing Abe government in Japan . Tokyo started this fight in 2010 by first arresting a Chinese fisherman—thus violating an agreement not to apply domestic trespassing laws to fishing violations—and then unilaterally declaring sovereignty over the Diaoyu/Senkakus in 2012 , a violation of a 1972 agreement with China to leave that issue up to negotiations .
Washington should also reverse its expensive expansion of military forces in Asia—the so-called “ Asia pivot ” —and reconsider the folly of the AirSea Battle doctrine . According to Raoul Heinrichs of Australian University , ASB “ will greatly increase the range of circumstances for maritime brinkmanship and dangerous naval incidents. ” Establishing military “ hot lines ” between the major powers in the region would also be helpful .
The current tensions reflect exactly what the San Francisco Treaty was designed to do : divide and conquer . But with the potential dangers of escalation embedded in the doctrine of AirSea Battle , local tensions are threatening international order .
An investigation by the FBI has revealed the hack against the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) may be much larger than expected .
According to The New York Times , the hack extended well beyond the DNC , and may have affected hundreds of other Democratic party officials and organizations , including the Democratic Governors Association .
The FBI briefed staff members of the House and Senate intelligence committees last week on the investigation into the email hacks against the DNC in July . The FBI told staff it has no doubt that the Russian government was behind the hack , according to The New York Times , citing an anonymous staff member briefed on the matter .
The FBI said that it has no direct evidence that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton 's private email server was hacked by the Russians . FBI director James Comey has said previously that hackers have tried to gain access into Clinton 's private server , and that they may have been skilled enough to leave no trace of a successful hack . The FBI also said that there is no evidence at this point that the hack extended to the emails of members of Congress or staff members of the intelligence committees .
According to the Boston Globe , the main targets of the hack appear to have been the private accounts of Clinton campaign officials , Democratic party officials , and Democratic party organizations .
WikiLeaks , the group that released the DNC emails , recently offered a $ 20,000 reward for information on the death of a DNC staff member , Seth Rich , who was shot to death outside his Washington , D.C. , home July 10 .
News that WikiLeaks is offering an award raised questions that he may have been connected to the hacked emails , but Washington , D.C. , police have said that there is no evidence that his death was connected to the DNC hack .
The victim 's mother told NBC Washington that police initially told her that her son may have been the victim of an attempted robbery . Police later backtracked on that theory , with the New York Daily News quoting police as saying that , “ there is no immediate indication that robbery was a motive in this attack. ” The victim 's body showed signs of a significant struggle , and the assailants did not take his watch , wallet , phone or credit cards .
Gizmodo reported that authorities have not yet been able to determine if the DNC email hack was part of standard espionage or if the Russians are deliberately attempting to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has stated publicly his organization has additional material set to be released in the coming weeks and months .
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League clash with Paris St Germain ( PSG ) , Hazard left the door open on a move to Spanish giants Real Madrid or the French club to fulfil his ambition of winning the Champions League .
The 25-year-old told Le Parisien he would find it `` hard to say no '' if PSG bid for him at the end of the campaign , but Hiddink suggested the player would be better off proving his worth in England .
Hazard , Chelsea 's player of the year last season , signed a new five-year contract last year , but scored his only club goal of the season so far from the penalty spot against second-tier side Milton Keynes Dons in the FA Cup on Jan. 31 .
`` Well , he has a contract that he extended but first he must get fit and show he is a top player and then for Chelsea , which is a top club , he can be of huge value , '' Hiddink told reporters when asked if Hazard would stay in England .
`` PSG have big targets to win the Champions League and , step by step , they have gathered a reputation and are very serious about becoming one of the biggest teams in Europe , so this challenge , I can understand .
`` ( But ) for me , I think big , big , big players always like to be in the biggest league , which is the Premier League , La Liga and also the Bundesliga . ''
Chelsea 's chances of playing in the Champions League next season rest almost solely on winning the competition as they are 12th in the Premier League , 14 points behind fourth-placed Manchester City who occupy the final qualifying spot .
The second leg with PSG is at Stamford Bridge on Mar 9 .
Image caption Apple and Samsung have accused each other of copying aspects of their devices
Apple has been ordered to pay damages to rival Samsung Electronics by a court in the Netherlands .
The court said that Apple had infringed a patent held by Samsung relating to the way phones and tablet PCs connect to the internet .
Apple , which recently became the world 's most valuable firm , has been facing various legal issues .
In a separate case , it was fined $ 2.3m ( £1.5m ) in Australia for its claims on 4G capabilities of the iPad .
And it is still not clear how much it may have to pay to Samsung in damages .
The Dutch court did not specify any amount , but the damages will be calculated based on sales of Apple 's iPhone and iPad in the Netherlands .
`` Samsung welcomes the court 's ruling , which reaffirmed Apple 's free-riding of our technological innovation , '' the South Korean manufacturer said in an emailed statement to the BBC .
`` In accordance with the ruling , we will seek adequate compensation for the damages Apple and its products have caused . ''
Samsung had claimed that Apple had infringed four of its patents . However , the Dutch court said that only one of those had been breached .
'Amicable business solution '
This will put an increased pressure on both parties to figure out an amicable business solution , rather than prolong these battles Manoj Menon , Frost & Sullivan
Apple and Samsung are two of the biggest manufacturers of smartphones and tablet PCs in the world .
However , the two firms have been involved in dozens of patent cases and disputes relating to designs of their respective products .
Analysts said that with so many cases being fought by the two firms in different countries , neither of the parties may emerge as the overall winner .
`` Both these companies need to understand that some cases will be won by Samsung and some by Apple , '' Manoj Menon , Managing Director of the consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan , told the BBC .
`` This will put an increased pressure on both parties to figure out an amicable business solution , rather than prolong these battles . ''
Last month , a judge in the US ordered the chief executives of both the firms to meet to try to settle their legal differences .
But the talks did not lead to any agreement and Apple has since sought a ban on sales of one of Samsung 's tablet computers and the latest range of its Galaxy smartphones .
Delaying tactic ?
Apple had enjoyed an early lead in the smartphone and tablet PC market with the launch of its iPhone and iPad devices .
However , Samsung has been steadily increasing its market share in the sector with the introduction of new gadgets .
Image caption Apple has been facing legal trouble over its claims on the iPad 's 4G capabilities
Analysts said that given the increased competition , the two firms had been using the legal battles as a way to stop each other from increasing their market shares .
`` Given that they are number one and two in the market right now , they are going to use any possible tool to slow down each other and patents could be one of those tools , '' said Melissa Chau of IDC Asia Pacific .
However , she said that given the amount of time , money and energy that the two firms have spent on fighting these cases , they were likely to find a solution in the long run .
`` In the past , when we look at how these things have evolved , they get settled in due course of time and businesses move on . ''
More trouble
There was more bad news for Apple .
A court in Australia has ruled that the firm had misled consumers with its claims over the capability of the latest version of the iPad to connect to Australia 's fourth generation ( 4G ) cellular networks .
The court said that Apple had broken the country 's consumer laws by implying that the newest version of the iPad could connect with the networks , when it could not .
`` The conduct concerned was deliberate and very serious , '' Justice Mordy Bromberg was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency .
`` It exposed a significant proportion of Australian consumers of tablet devices to a misleading representation . ''
In addition to the $ 2.3m fine , Apple was also asked to pay 300,000 Australia dollars ( $ 305,000 ; £194,000 ) in court costs .
Introduction to Scala for Rubyists
Matthew Powers Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 12 , 2017
This blog provides Rubyists with an easy introduction to the Scala programming language . It will show you how to write Ruby-like code in Scala . As you get more familiar with Scala , you can slowly transition from the Ruby way to the Scala way .
Learning a new language is psychologically painful . Learning Scala the Ruby way limits the pain of the transition — let 's dive in !
Variable assignment
Ruby is a dynamically typed language , so variables can be assigned to an object of one type , and then reassigned to an object of a different type .
x = 99
x = `` cool ''
x = [ `` one '' , `` two '' ]
Scala is statically typed so once a variable is assigned , it can only be reassigned to other variables of that type .
var coolNumber = 8
coolNumber = 10 // this works
coolNumber = `` phil '' // error : type mismatch
Scala also supports immutable references , which are variables that can not be reassigned , even to other objects of the same type . The val keyword is used to make immutable references .
val myName = `` matthew ''
myName = `` mateo '' // error : reassignment to val
Scala variables with the Any type can be reassigned to values of any type and behave a lot like Ruby variables .
var zz : Any = 66
zz = List ( 1 , 10 )
zz = `` crazytown ''
Experienced Scala programmers do n't use var and Any in this manner , but it 's fine when you 're just getting started !
Arrays
Ruby is dynamically typed , so arrays can contain different types of objects .
random_stuff = [ `` cat '' , { } , 77 ]
Scala has several types of Array-like data structures . We 'll only talk about the List data structure in this article . Other Scala guides would take this opportunity to go off on a huge tangent on the different types of arrays in Scala , but we 'll refrain — you 're welcome ; )
Scala is statically typed , so lists generally need to contain objects of the same type .
val negNumbers = List ( -10 , -20 ) // this works
We can use the Any workaround again to create lists with different types of objects .
val weirdStuff : List [ Any ] = List ( `` blade '' , 99 , `` glitter '' )
Array mutability
Ruby arrays are mutable , so elements can be added or removed .
best_friends = [ `` toby '' , `` jim '' ]
best_friends.push ( `` stanley '' )
best_friends.shift
Scala lists are n't mutable , but you can create a new list by unioning two lists .
val englishNames = List ( `` matthew '' , `` powers '' )
val colombiaNames = List ( `` mateo '' , `` poderes '' )
val allNames = englishNames ++ colombiaNames
allNames // List ( `` matthew '' , `` powers '' , `` mateo '' , `` poderes '' )
Scala has mutable array data structures , but we 're not going to dig into those right now . We 're avoiding the Scala rabbit holes .
Collection Methods
Ruby borrowed methods like map , filter , and inject from functional programming languages to make it easier to work with collections .
words = [ `` cAt '' , `` sEAt '' , `` cRAzY '' ]
words.map { |w| w.downcase } // [ `` cat '' , `` seat '' , `` crazy '' ]
Ruby also provides symbol to proc syntactic sugar to allow for a more concise syntax .
words.map ( & : downcase ) // [ `` cat '' , `` seat '' , `` crazy '' ]
Scala also provides a map method for lists .
val movies = List ( `` thOR '' , `` UP '' , `` HeR '' )
movies.map ( ( movie : String ) = > movie.toLowerCase ( ) )
Scala provides some syntactic sugar with the underscore character .
movies.map ( _.toLowerCase ( ) )
Classes
Typical Ruby classes use mutable instance variables to maintain state .
class Person
attr_accessor : first_name , : last_name
def initialize ( first_name , last_name )
@ first_name = first_name
@ last_name = last_name
end
def full_name
`` # { first_name } # { last_name } ''
end
end
bob = Person.new ( `` bob '' , `` loblaw '' )
bob.full_name ( ) # `` bob loblaw ''
# Instance variables allow the object to be mutated .
bob.last_name = `` barker ''
bob.full_name # `` bob barker ''
Let 's create a similar Scala class that is instantiated with variables and creates mutable objects .
class Person ( var firstName : String , var lastName : String ) {
def fullName ( ) : String = {
s ” $ firstName $ lastName ”
}
}
val phil = new Person ( `` phil '' , `` helmuth '' )
phil.fullName ( ) // `` phil helmuth ''
// the phil object is mutable
phil.lastName = `` mickelson ''
phil.fullName ( ) // `` phil mickelson ''
Scala programmers prefer immutable objects , but it 's fine to write code like this when you 're getting started .
Singleton methods and companion objects
Ruby classes can define both singleton methods and instance methods .
class Nintendo
# singleton method
def self.about
`` we make fun games ''
end
# instance method
def make_something
`` we 're building ''
end
end
# call the singleton method
Nintendo.about # `` we make fun games ''
# call the instance method
n = Nintendo.new
n.make_something # `` we 're building ''
Scala companion objects allow for behavior that 's similar to singleton methods .
class Nintendo {
def makeSomething ( ) : String = {
`` we 're building ''
}
}
object Nintendo {
def about ( ) : String = {
`` we make fun games ''
}
}
Nintendo.about ( ) // `` we make fun games ''
val n = new Nintendo
n.makeSomething ( ) // `` we 're building ''
The class Nintendo and object Nintendo definitions must be in the same file for the Scala compiler to interpret object Nintendo as a companion object . Otherwise , the compiler will interpret the object definition as a namespace collision .
Modules and Traits
Ruby uses modules to add instance methods to a class .
module CatEnthusiast
def cat_feelings
`` I LOVE CATS ! ''
end
end
class Student
include CatEnthusiast
def hobby
`` sleep ''
end
end
s = Student.new
s.cat_feelings # `` I LOVE CATS ! ''
Traits in Scala are similar to modules in Ruby .
trait CatEnthusiast {
def catFeelings ( ) : String = {
`` I LOVE CATS ! ''
}
}
class Student extends CatEnthusiast {
def hobby ( ) : String = {
`` sleep ''
}
}
val s = new Student
s.catFeelings ( ) // `` I LOVE CATS ! ''
Nesting modules vs. packages
Ruby classes are organized in a nested module structure that mimics the directory structure .
For example , the lib/turf/lookup.rb file looks like this in the Turf open source project :
module Turf
class Lookup
# # code here
end
end
Scala classes are located in a nested package structure that follows the directory structure .
Here 's what the src/main/scala/com/github/mrpowers/spark/daria/sql/SparkSessionExt.scala file looks like in the spark-daria open source project .
package com.github.mrpowers.spark.daria.sql
object SparkSessionExt {
// code goes here
}
Scala follows some crazy Java directory structure conventions , so code is often nested deeply inside empty directories . If you 're completely new to the Java / Scala ecosystem , the conventional directory structure will seem ridiculous . Thankfully Scala packages provide a clean way to navigate the maze of empty directories . Deeply nesting Ruby modules gets clunky and Scala 's package notation really shines in comparison .
Monkey patching
Ruby makes it easy to add methods to existing classes with a process called monkey patching .
class String
def funny_joke
`` Good luck debugging this code ! ''
end
end
`` hi '' .funny_joke # `` Good luck debugging this code ! ''
Scala allows for monkey patching with implicit classes .
object StringExt {
implicit class StringMethods ( s : String ) {
def stillUgly ( ) : String = {
`` Yuck , except awesome sometimes ''
}
}
}
import StringExt._
`` hello '' .stillUgly ( ) // `` Yuck , except awesome sometimes ''
Next Steps
Jason Swartz wrote an awesome Scala book that 's approachable for Ruby developers .
I 'll write another blog post covering more advanced language features soon : )
Today Steve Ott reminded us all why we love him so much . Once again today the Buffalo Sabres Twitter account sent out a “ sneak peek ” of their new alternate third jerseys , and like most fans Steve Ott was also sick and tired off all the sneak peeks , so he threatened to reveal the jersey to the twitter world if the Buffalo Sabres did n't .
I 'm sharing if you do n't @ BuffaloSabres # FansWantToSeeIt pucks in your rink ! Boom . I 'll give you 10 minutes . — Steve Ott ( @ otterN9NE ) September 4 , 2013
Twitter exploded as Ott and the Sabres twitter went back and forth with each other and fans wondered if Ott was bluffing and if this was a publicity stunt set up by the Sabres . While it likely was a publicity stunt , Ott got past # FortKnox and did indeed leak the Buffalo Sabres 3rd jersey . And before you ask , yes they are as terrible as you were expecting .
* Breaking News… Times up ! @ BuffaloSabres 3rd Jersey Leaked # MiseryIsOver Ca n't wait for the season to start ! ! pic.twitter.com/7diRxEhDBJ — Steve Ott ( @ otterN9NE ) September 4 , 2013
And the Back…
First of all , a huge thank you to Steve Ott from all Sabres fans and media for putting us out of our misery and showing us the jersey . While it was slightly disappointing not to see a “ C ” on Ott 's new 3rd jersey , it was nice to finally see what the Sabres have been hiding from us .
Seriously Sabres ? What 's up with the yellow ? Last time I checked the Buffalo Sabres were n't the Nashville Predators , do these not look very similar to the Predators jersey 's ?
In a publicity stunt likely set up by the Sabres and Ott , the two managed to rope the twitter world into their debate before revealing a jersey almost as bad as the American 's Olympic jersey for 2014 . You know a jersey is bad when the back looks better than the front .
Well Sabres ' fans what do you think of the Buffalo Sabres new third jersey ? Do you like it ? Is Steve Ott your new hero for breaking the rules to put an end to the fans misery ?
It 's almost that special time of year , when ghosts come out to play , zombies run around the streets , and kids have a ball getting scared shitless on fright-nights and spook-fests . Yes , Halloween is just around the corner , and if you 're an entertainment-geek like me , then you probably turn to your favorite horror films/series to get into the spirit of the season ( while also seeking inspiration for a dope costume ) .
The best Halloween movies/TV shows for me bring with them the sense of falling leaves , brisk temperatures , and moonlit-nights with a healthy dose of fear . If you 've got a low tolerance for jump-scares , things get even more amazing . After all , films/TV series is the perfect way to celebrate the weeks leading up to Halloween , so I compiled a list that you definitely might want to check out at Best VPN
TV Shows to Watch this Halloween !
This season of jack-o-lanterns , trick-or-treat bags , fake cobwebs , skeletons and tombstones brings with it an interesting opportunity to explore the TV horror genre , as they increase in popularity . You can now scare yourself silly on a weekly basis by binging any of the below TV shows below with your friends/family members . Set props and a different jump scare toys to make the experience even more entertaining !
Hannibal ( 2013-2015 )
I honestly do n't know how to express my obsession for this amazingly scary , highly graphic , and gruesome-filled TV show . It is not suitable for kids but is a pure treat to watch on the Halloween season with your friends/family members . Packed with scenes of physical torture , psychological warfare , piles of corpses , pools of blood , and flayed skin , Hannibal can frighten the shit out of anyone !
It uses disturbing imagery to attract the audience , getting their eyes stuck on the screen . Watch it late at night to enhance the experience , as you relish the exceptional narrative , direction , and characters that literally take you to DARK , DARK frickin ' place . Despite being a reboot of the classic horror of the same name , the TV show manages to meet all expectations . I 'd avoid saying any more to ruin the fun !
The Exorcist ( 2016-2018 )
The VERY first horror movie I ever watched in my life was none other than “ The Exorcist ( 1973 ) ” . I watched it around the time for Halloween , so I still have a fresh memory of the movie , along with the feeling of almost pissing my pants . The reboot TV show does n't fail to disappoint either , lifting the Halloween spirit inside me . You may not hear a lot of suggestions to watch it , but f * * what they say and give it a try .
The first trailers for The Exorcist were actually quite ambiguous and depicted a not-so-similar plot , different from the original film , which got a lot of people turned off from watching it . However , later on , I was convinced it was a bad decision , as the TV show engages the audience quite well with likable , well-written characters with believable human flaws . I wo n't say any more to avoid giving any spoilers , but I assure you wo n't be wasting your time with this horror-packed watch for Halloween !
Penny Dreadful ( 2014-2016 )
Prepare yourself to delve into the history of dreadful stories produced back in 19th century UK . If you 're familiar with classic literary characters like Dorian Gray and Dr. Frankenstein , then you might love this one . Penny Dreadful is the perfect TV show to learn about your favorite villains and scary characters by exploring their origin stories in an epic psychological thriller from the darkest corners of Victorian London .
You probably have an idea why I 've given it a mention to this Halloween 's TV show list , but more than the familiar supernatural characters , I personally believe Penny Dreadful is an AMAZING watch . With its perfect balance of dark humor , mature content , naked cadavers , and grotesque imagery , the TV definitely manages to set the bar high in the horror genre , making it a great choice for Halloween !
Bates Motel ( 2013-2017 )
Similar to “ Hannibal ” and “ The Exorcist ” , I 've got another movie-reimaged-for-television watch for you guys . Bates Motel is the prequel story of the original 1987 movie , where we got to see Bud Cort rejoining society , after taking the role of a manager , in a haunted motel ( inherited by the infamous killer Norman Bates ) . This show focuses on Norman Bates as the main character , and what led him to become a killer .
We 've already seen him in action in the 1960 movie “ Psycho ” , but learning the history of this fictional character in Bates Motel will definitely be a worthwhile experience for YOU , especially if you are craving a dark , evil theme for Halloween . While the show does n't reach the same heights as Hannibal , it still manages to create a solid experience filled with a thriller , suspense , and outright horror !
American Horror Story ( 2011-2018 )
I 've added American Horror Story to the last of the TV shows list because I feel many already know about this anthology series . On the offset chance you have n't , then AHS is clearly a show made for Halloween . Every season brings with it a completely different and unique yet twisted and mind-f * * k story that will give you scaregasms , you 've never felt like before .
Right from the beginning of the first season , you will find yourself intrigued about solving different mysteries and questions . If you need something to kick-off Halloween though , go for watching the 4th Season directly i.e . “ American Horror Story : Freak Show ” , garnering a total of twenty Emmy Award nominations , and crazily suiting the Halloween theme of mysterious looking characters a.k.a . FREAKS !
Movies to Watch this Halloween !
You 've already got some good suggestions for TV shows to watch in the weeks leading up to Halloween , but it 's always a nice idea to have an annual movie-night ritual , a day before ! It 's a great way to spend time with your family while creating memories that will last for years to come . Who knows your kids might grow up to follow the same ritual every year ? Below are some all-family favorite Halloween Flicks !
Scream ( 1996 )
I was thinking that it might be a good idea to go with the original Halloween 1978 film ( you can still add that in your suggestions ) considering it is widely regarded as the first movie in the modern slasher tradition . However , since it uses less violence and blood than the movies it inspired , I 'd rather prefer you give your family a taste of the Ghostface killer , similar to how we had it as kids !
The movie is a re-invented and revitalized version of the classic 1981 Scream , which adds a little more scariness , cleverness , and some funny scenes into the mix . The plot reveals to us the history of a fright-masked knife maniac , who stalks high-school students , and later kills them for his own devilish purposes . It is a great watch for Halloween , and the Ghostface Killer haunted the shit out of me in my early-teens !
Zombieland ( 2009 )
The Halloween Season should n't necessarily revolve around scaring the shit out of other humans . After all , not everyone has it in them to tolerate jump-scares and piss-pumping horror movies . For the audience with a low scare-tolerance , I believe that Zombieland will be a pure treat to watch . It has the perfect balance of violence , gore , and comedy , which can make Halloween a whole lot funnier !
As the name implies , the storyline focuses on a virus that turns almost everyone into Zombies . The surviving humans have to keep fighting the dead to stay sane and alive . There are four main characters in the movie , played by Emma Stone , Jesse Eisenburg , Abigail Breslin , and Woody Harrelson , all of whom are famous actors with fascinating careers .
Trick ‘ R Treat ( 2007 )
If you are looking for something a little more Halloween-themed , then there is no better option for movie-night than Trick ‘ R Treat ( 2007 ) . If you have n't already heard , the movie is about the interwoven stories of a small town , where some traditions are best not forgotten !
Residents of the fictional town of Warren Valley , find themselves amidst a town legend called the “ Halloween Schoolbus Massacre ” . Filled with jump scares , frightening imagery , and scary characters , the movie is a perfect watch for keeping your teens entertaining pre-Halloween day .
Get Out ( 2017 )
Probably one of the sickest , twisted , and most mind-f * * K movies I 've seen recently Get Out ( 2017 ) holds a special place in my heart for its intense mystery/thriller filled storyline , which perfectly manages to keep you hooked onto the screen . The main character Chris goes to meet his girlfriend 's parents , nervous trying to figure out how they 'll react to their daughter dating a black man .
Though at first , the family seems incredibly cool and normal , things soon start spiraling out of control in ways unimaginable . Chris suddenly realizes that he should n't have been nervous about meeting this family , but actually should 've been dead frightened . The family has a dark secret , which could result in Chris losing his life . The movie is a perfect suspense watch for Halloween !
Warm Bodies ( 2013 )
If you consider yourself a hopeless romantic , then you might want to take things on a different route . Consider watching Warm Bodies with your partner to witness the story of an unusual zombie , who saves a living girl instead of eating her . This results at the beginning of a budding relationship , with hopes of bringing the dead back to life , in a post-apocalyptic world !
I personally am not a fan of the romantic genre , but my partner convinced me to watch this one with her , as she 'd received a recommendation from a friend of hers . Though it took me a while to pay attention to what was happening , the movie was n't bad at all . I think it 's a perfect watch for couples , who need something subtle yet enticing for Halloween .
Wrapping Things Up
And with this , I 've come to an end to this entertainment guide for Halloween . Make sure you stock up on lots of munchies to binge those TV shows on the weekends leading up to the scary day , while selecting the perfect movie you want to watch for the annual movie-night Halloween ritual . Let me know which movie/TV show you find the best in the comments below . Also , do n't forget to share this piece with your friends and family members , looking for good entertainment suggestions this Halloween !
Follow us on Twitter and stay updated .
Follow @ Bestvpnco
Image caption William Shatner made his comments while joking about the Olympic torch relay
Star Trek actor William Shatner has apologised to a Devon town for saying it was `` laced with prostitution '' .
Shatner , 81 , made the comments on an edition of the BBC show Have I Got News for You .
Former Mayor of Ilfracombe Paul Crabb invited Shatner to the seaside town to show him `` there is no prostitution in Ilfracombe '' .
Shatner replied : `` My apologies for having singled out Ilfracombe as a potential haven for prostitution . ''
'Deeply sexual '
He made his comments in May as panellists discussed the town as a venue in the Olympic torch relay .
When he mispronounced the town 's name , guest panellist Charlie Brooker said he had made it sound `` deeply sexual '' and Shatner replied : `` The place is laced with prostitution . ''
We are a fairly good natured bunch down here Paul Crabb , Former Mayor of Ilfracombe
Builder Mr Crabb , 49 , emailed Shatner 's agents : `` As Captain James T Kirk , Mr Shatner has been to places where no man has gone before , however , the episode of Have I Got News For You clearly shows he has never been to Ilfracombe .
`` If he came , we could show him that there is no prostitution in Ilfracombe and that it is a lovely coastal town with spectacular scenery and a close community . ''
In an email signed `` Bill '' , Shatner replied that prostitution `` commonly means sex for something of value '' .
He added : `` I would be hard pressed to believe that sex was not being had in Ilfracombe for something of value , perhaps a lengthy marriage , children or a valuable career .
`` In any event , my apologies for having singled out Ilfracombe as a potential haven for prostitution . With you overseeing , I am sure that will not happen . ''
Mr Crabb said : `` We are a fairly good natured bunch down here .
`` I 'm sure the vast majority of people took it as tongue in cheek humour , but there were some who were upset .
`` Maybe he has gone some way to assuage their concerns . ''
French and British interregnum in the Dutch East Indies were a relatively short period of French and followed by British interregnum on the Dutch East Indies that took place between 1806 and 1815 . The French ruled between 1806 and 1811 . The British took over for 1811 to 1815 , and transferred its control back to the Dutch in 1815 .
The fall of the Netherlands to the French Empire and the dissolution of the Dutch East India Company led to some profound changes in the European colonial administration of the East Indies , as one of the Napoleonic Wars was fought in Java . [ 1 ] This period , which lasted for almost a decade , witnessed a tremendous change in Java , as vigorous infrastructure and defence projects took place , followed by battles , reformation and major changes of administration in the colony .
Prelude [ edit ]
In 1800 , Dutch East India Company ( Dutch : Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie ( VOC ) ) was declared bankrupt and nationalised by the Dutch government . As a result , its assets , which included seaports , storehouses , fortifications , settlements , lands and plantations in the East Indies were nationalised as a Dutch colony , the Dutch East Indies . Based in Batavia ( today Jakarta ) , the Dutch ruled most of Java ( with exception of interior lands of Vorstenlanden Mataram and Banten ) , conquering coastal West Sumatra , wrestled former Portuguese colonies in Malacca , the Moluccas , South and North Celebes also in West Timor . Among these Dutch possessions , Java was the most important one , as the production of cash-crops and Dutch-controlled plantations was located there .
On the other side on the world , Europe was devastated by the Napoleonic Wars . A conquest and revolution were shifting the politics , relations and dynamics among the European empires and nations , which affected their colonies in the Far East . The Netherlands under Napoleon Bonaparte in 1806 , oversaw the Batavian Republic become the Commonwealth of Batavia and then dissolved and replaced by the Kingdom of Holland , a French puppet kingdom ruled by Napoleon 's third brother Louis Bonaparte ( Lodewijk Napoleon ) . As a result , the East Indies during this time were treated as a proxy French colony , administrated through Dutch intermediary .
The power struggle and rivalry between France and Britain had spilled to other parts of the world , involving the colonies of each empires in Americas , Africa , as well as in Asia . Since 1685 the British had consolidated their rule in Bencoolen on western coast of Sumatra , and also had established their rule in Malaccan strait , the island of Singapore and Penang . As the British coveted the Dutch colonies in the region , the French-controlled East Indies was bracing for the predicted incoming British invasion .
French interregnum 1806–1811 [ edit ]
Java Great Post Road , commissioned by Daendels .
In 1806 , King Lodewijk Napoleon of the Netherlands sent one of his general , Herman Willem Daendels , serving as governor-general of East Indies based in Java . Daendels was sent to strengthen Javanese defences against a perceived incoming British invasion . He arrived in the city of Batavia ( now Jakarta ) on 5 January 1808 and relieved the former Governor General , Albertus Wiese . He raised new forces , built new roads within Java , and improved the internal administration of the island . [ 1 ]
Daendels ' rule was a harsh and martial one , as the colony prepared for the British threat . He built new hospitals and military barracks , a new arms factories in Surabaya and Semarang , and a new military college in Batavia . He demolished the Castle in Batavia and replaced it with a new fort at Meester Cornelis ( Jatinegara ) , and built Fort Lodewijk in Surabaya . However , his best-known achievement was the construction of the Great Post Road ( Indonesian : Jalan Raya Pos ) across northern Java from Anjer to Panaroecan . The road now serves as the main road in the island of Java , called Jalur Pantura . The thousand-kilometre road was completed in only one year , during which thousands of Javanese forced labourers died . [ 2 ]
The reign of Catholic King Lodewijk in the Netherlands ended the centuries-old of religious discriminations against Catholics both in the Netherlands and in the East Indies . Previously the Netherlands only favour Protestantism . The Catholics were permitted freedom of worship in the Dutch Indies , though this measure was mainly intended for European Catholics , since Daendels ruled under the authority of Napoleonic France . This religious freedom would be consolidated later by Thomas Raffles .
Daendels — known as an avid Francophile — built a new governor general palace in smaller version Château de Versailles-style in Batavia , known as Daendels ' Palace or Witte Huis ( White House ) is often referred to Groote Huis ( Big House ) . It is now Indonesia 's Ministry of Finance office on the east side of Lapangan Banteng ( Waterlooplein ) . He also renamed Buffelsveld ( buffalo field ) to Champs de Mars ( today Merdeka Square ) . Daendels ' rule oversaw the complete adoption of Continental Law into the colonial Dutch East Indies law system , retained even until today in Indonesian legal system . Indonesian law is often described as a member of the 'civil law ' or 'Continental ' group of legal systems found in European countries such as France and the Netherlands . [ 3 ]
Daendels displayed a firm attitude towards the local Javanese rulers , with the result that the rulers later were willing to work with the British against the Dutch . He also subjected the population of Java to forced labour ( Rodi ) . There were some rebellious actions against this , such as those in Cadas Pangeran , West Java . He is also responsible for the dissolution of Banten Sultanate . In 1808 , Daendels ordered Sultan Aliyuddin II of Banten to move the Sultanate capital to Anyer and to provide labour to build a new port planned to be built at Ujung Kulon . The Sultan refused Daendels ' command , and in response Daendels ordered the invasion of Banten and destruction of Surosowan palace . The Sultan , together with his family , was arrested in Puri Intan and held as a prisoner in Fort Speelwijk , and later sent into exile in Ambon . On 22 November 1808 , Daendels declared from his headquarters in Serang that the Sultanate of Banten had been absorbed into the territory of the Dutch East Indies . [ 4 ]
British interregnum 1811–1815 [ edit ]
In 1811 , Java fell to a British East India Company force under Baron Minto , the governor-general of India . Lord Minto appointed Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles as lieutenant governor of Java . Raffles carried further the administrative centralisation previously initiated by Daendels . He planned to group the regencies of Java into 16 residencies . He ended Dutch administrative methods , liberalised the system of land tenure , and extended trade . Raffles tried to implement the liberal economic principles and the cessation of compulsory cultivation in Java .
Raffles took his residence at Buitenzorg and despite having a small subset of Britons as his senior staff , he kept many of the Dutch civil servants in the governmental structure . He also negotiated peace and mounted some significant military expeditions against local Javanese princes to subjugate them into British rule . Most significant of these was 21 June 1812 assault on Yogyakarta , one of the two most powerful indigenous polities in Java . During the attack the Yogyakarta kraton was badly damaged and extensively looted by British troops . Raffles seized much of the contents of the court archive . The event was unprecedented in Javanese history . It was the first time an indigenous court had been taken by storm by a European army , and the humiliation of the local aristocracy was profound . [ 5 ] Although peace returned to Central Java in the immediate aftermath of the British assault , the events may have fuelled the deep-seated instability and hostility to European involvement that ultimately gave rise to the Java War of the 1820s . [ 6 ] Raffles also ordered an expedition to Palembang in Sumatra to unseat the local sultan , Mahmud Badaruddin II , and to seize the nearby Bangka Island to set up a permanent British presence in the area . Other than Javanese court archives , Raffles also took numbers of Javanese important archaeological artefacts , such as Buddha 's head taken from Borobudur and two large ancient Javanese stone inscriptions , known today as Minto Stone and Calcutta Stone .
Raffles particularly holds special interest on the history , culture and the people of Java . During his short reign , British Java saw the surge of archaeological surveys and government attention on local culture , art and history . His administration rediscovered the ruins of the great Buddhist mandala of Borobudur in Central Java . Other archaeological sites in Java such as Prambanan Hindu temple and ancient Majapahit city of Trowulan , also came to light during his administration . Under Raffles patronage , a large number of ancient monuments in Java were rediscovered , excavated and systematically catalogued for the first time . Raffles was the enthusiast of the island 's history , as he wrote the book History of Java published later in 1817 .
In 1815 , the island of Java was returned to control of the Netherlands following the end of Napoleonic Wars , under the terms of the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 . In 1816 , the Dutch regained the full control of their colony in Java and other parts of the archipelago . The Dutch would embark on their conquest over other independent polities in the archipelago . By 1920 they had consolidated their realm , a colonial state in Indonesian archipelago , established Dutch East Indies as one of the most profitable European colony in world 's colonial history .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/19o77
This past weekend , Sierra Nevada Corporation reached a milestone in their development of a reusable spacecraft capable of shuttling as many as 10 astronauts to low Earth orbit and the International Space Station .
The company quietly flight tested their Dream Chaser high above the California desert , successfully landing it at the same Edwards Air Force Base runway used by the space shuttle before it . This test ended far better than the previous free flight in 2013 where the left landing gear failed to deploy fully causing the vehicle to skid off the runway .
Dream Chaser is based largely on a lifting body design with a North Carolina origin : the HL-20 Personnel Launch System . The HL-20 began development in the late 1980s to provide an additional , lower cost crew transportation vehicle to the space shuttle .
During the spring semester of 1990 , students and faculty at North Carolina State University and North Carolina A & T University designed a full-scale engineering research model of the HL-20 . Led by Robert Vess , a lecturer in mechanical and aerospace engineering at NC State , and Thurman Exum at NC A & T , a group of seven NCSU students and six NC A & T students along with four additional faculty specialists fabricated the model between March and September 1990 .
The team began by creating a mold from large polystyrene foam blocks , then applying carbon fiber and fiberglass . A Piper Navajo landing gear set with brakes and steering mechanisms removed were added to the completed model .
The interior was built from three-quarter-inch plywood to meet the testing needs . The final 29-foot long model was painted and displayed at NC State before transportation to Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , on a flat bed truck on a custom cradle also designed by the team .
Langley used the model in vertical and horizontal orientations to conduct human factors research including crew seating arrangements , habitability , equipment layout , crew ingress and egress , and visibility requirements during docking operations . The model was later moved to the Johnson Space Center for further evaluation by astronauts .
The HL-20 program was canceled in 1993 but resurrected 10 years ago by the Sierra Nevada .
The Dream Chaser 's design is based on the HL-20 including the research that came out of the model that once stood in the NC State 's brickyard .
The Daily Advertiser -
MARKSVILLE , La . ( The Daily Advertiser ) -- A civil lawsuit filed Thursday by the family of Jeremy Mardis against Marksville , Avoyelles Parish and multiple individuals seeks damages for what it calls `` a barbaric and excessive use of deadly force '' during which the 6-year-old boy `` suffered immensely . ''
The federal lawsuit was filed in Alexandria by attorneys for Christopher Few , Jeremy 's father who was seriously wounded in the Nov. 3 , 2015 , shooting ; and mother Catherine Mardis and Few 's sister , Candace Few , who owned the Kia Sport her brother was driving that night .
The list of defendants is far longer . It includes Norris Greenhouse Jr. and Derrick Stafford , the two former Marksville Ward 2 deputy marshals facing second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder in the case . Both pleaded not guilty and are facing separate trials .
But the lawsuit also names as defendants Marksville City Marshal Floyd Voinche , the Marksville City Court , the town of Marksville , Avoyelles Parish , Progressive Paloverde Insurance Company and the other two officers involved in the chase of Few that night — Jason Brouillette and Kenneth Parnell III .
Progressive Paloverde is the automobile liability coverage carrier used by the Marksville marshal 's office .
The lawsuit notes that both Christopher Few and Jeremy were unarmed and that Few had his hands up before shots were fired . All of the 18 shots fired came from Greenhouse 's and Stafford 's guns . Few was hit two or three times in the head and chest , according to the lawsuit , while Jeremy was hit four or five times in his head and neck .
Few , though seriously wounded , recovered . Jeremy was alive for minutes after the shooting , but died still strapped into the front passenger seat of the Kia .
`` During this time , Jeremy was bleeding profusely and suffered immensely due to the gunshot wounds , '' reads the lawsuit .
Video from the body camera worn by Parnell shows Few with his hands up , as well as Greenhouse and Stafford shooting . The lawsuit called it `` a barbaric and excessive use of deadly force '' that showed the two officers ' `` deliberate indifference to the constitutional rights of Jeremy and Christopher . ''
The video was released after it was introduced during a motion hearing in late September by the prosecution . The case is being prosecuted by the Louisiana Attorney General 's Office after the Avoyelles Parish District Attorney 's Office recused itself days after the shooting . Greenhouse Jr. is the son of an Avoyelles assistant district attorney .
An official reason for why Greenhouse was pursuing Few never was released by officials , although defense attorneys for both have stated during recent hearings that Few was standing in a road and blocking traffic . They also said that Few ignored Greenhouse 's commands and left the scene , starting the chase .
But the lawsuit claims the basis for the chase is unclear , and also contends that Few did not present a danger to the officers when it ended at the intersection of Taensas Street and Martin Luther King Drive . It acknowledges that neither Brouillette , another deputy marshal , and Parnell , a Marksville Police Department sergeant , fired their weapons .
And it states that , based upon the position of all vehicles at the end of the chase , Few 's car `` — even if it were moving forward or backwards — did not and could not have presented
an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm to any of the officers at the scene or innocent bystanders . ''
Officers should have determined that the use of deadly force was n't necessary in this case , it states .
`` Moreover , at the time the pursuit of Christopher was initiated , and thereafter during the pursuit , none of the officers had reasonable or probable cause to believe that Christopher had committed some crime , was committing a crime or was about to commit a crime , '' it reads . `` The pursuit was unlawful , as was the subsequent use of deadly force . ''
The lawsuit also states that none of the officers on the scene provided any medical aid or comfort to either Few or Jeremy . It also says that Few , who can be seen on the video stumbling out of the Kia without any assistance after officers ' commands , was handcuffed sometime after the shooting .
Though the officers shortly discovered that the boy was inside the car , the lawsuit states that they must have believed that he was dead or `` simply did not care whether or not he was alive .
`` It was not until approximately some seven and one-half to eight minutes or so after the hail of gunfire , that an officer at the scene , believed to be Parnell , finally checked Jeremy for a pulse and discovered that he was still alive , despite having been shot multiple times including in the head and neck , '' it reads . `` However , none of the officers at the scene , including Stafford , Greenhouse , Brouillette and Parnell initiated or rendered any form of first aid , nor did they undertake any other measures in an attempt to stop Jeremy 's bleeding or otherwise alleviate or mitigate Jeremy 's suffering , or made any attempts to save his life .
`` Sadly , Jeremy was left to suffer — and die — while the officers casually searched for 'gloves . ' ''
The lawsuit accuses Greenhouse and Stafford of exacerbating the family 's pain by refusing to cooperate in the investigation . It says that the two met with Alexandria City Marshal Terence Grines , who had employed both of them , at some point just days after the shooting . But Greenhouse and Stafford `` have yet to publicly reveal the substance of those discussions , why they met with Mr. Grines , or why they would meet with Mr. Grines but not give a statement to the Louisiana State Police investigators regarding the shooting . ''
That suggests `` a guilty state of mind , '' according to the lawsuit .
Grines was not named in the civil lawsuit .
The lawsuit also points out a history of excessive force complaints filed against both Greenhouse and Stafford , saying Voinche bears responsibility because he did not properly vet the two before hiring them in December 2014 . It reads that a public records request filed by the family 's attorneys with Voinche for his office 's policies and procedures on hiring , training and discipline for deputy marshals was fulfilled with one sentence : `` No such records are known . ''
`` The need for such policies is so obvious for the safety of the public and the protection of constitutional rights that the lack of such policies constitutes deliberate indifference and a reckless disregard for the public and plaintiffs ' constitutional rights , '' reads the lawsuit .
Voinche , the city court , town of Marksville and the parish failed to adopt a policy on the use of deadly force , it states , and those failures `` were a direct and proximate cause of and the moving force behind the shooting of Christopher and Jeremy . ''
The judge presiding over the criminal case , 12th Judicial District Court Judge William Bennett , recently ruled that the history of excessive force complaints against Stafford can be used by the prosecution . Stafford 's attorneys , Jonathan Goins and Christopher LaCour , have appealed that decision to the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal .
The 96-page civil lawsuit recounts some of the same cases used when Bennett made his decision . It also claims that Voinche and Marksville Police Chief Elster Smith `` tolerated and ratified '' the use of excessive force by both Greenhouse and Stafford , in addition to failing to implement and enforce policies against it .
The lawsuit requests a jury trial .
Unlike a lot of gamers , I never got into the Mortal Kombat games I have nothing against them , I just never had any real interest in them . When it comes to fighting games I have always been a Street Fighter guy . However , while my allegiance remains to Street Fighter , I have to admit that Mortal Kombat inspires some rather sexy cosplay like in the picture below .
DeviantART user Nebulaluben is the sexy woman sporting this awesome Mortal Kombat 9 Skarlet cosplay . Even without the weapons , just the look in her eye tells me should , could easily kick my butt !
Not only is this Skarlet Mortal Kombat cosplay quite good , the photography is pretty nice as well ! The photographer for this picture is Rubén Madrid a.k.a . Hidrico
Share this with any Mortal Kombat fans you know ! Like Fanboy Fashion on Facebook too !
[ Via Cosplay Blog ]
With Big Pharma raking in billions off swine flu fears , the last thing they need is a government handout .
Yet Uncle Sam is busy playing Daddy Warbucks with YOUR lunch money , helping Swiss drugmaker Novartis open a new vaccine plant in North Carolina . You 've generously contributed around $ 700 million to help Novartis build their shiny new drug factory — $ 220 million three years ago , and $ 486 million this year .
And I 'll bet you did n't even get a thank-you card .
In return for this bad investment in a foreign company , the U.S. government gets the right to PURCHASE the vaccine for 17 years . Not only that , but these vaccines will be created using a new and unproven biotech method that relies on dog kidneys instead of chicken eggs .
In other words , this plan really is a dog .
I 'm a doctor , not an economist . But if this is someone 's idea of stimulus , you do the math : The plant now employs 191 people making an average of $ 50,000 per year . At that rate , it would take around 75 years for the government money put into this joint to make its way back into our own economy .
Slice off a few years if you believe them when they say they 'll ultimately employ 350 people when the plant is fully operational in 2013 — in any case , it 'll be decades before Americans ever see that cash again .
But do n't worry — I 'm sure somewhere , a poor Swiss ski resort is hosting a group of free-spending Novartis executives .
Maybe they 'll be joined by their yodeling friends at the World Health Organization . A report at World Net Daily says at least three of the WHO 's top flu “ experts ” have financial ties to vaccine makers .
That sure explains a lot .
Meanwhile , anyone who doubts that money is the real driving force behind swine flu fears only needs to check out Business Week magazine .
A recent headline there tells whole story by itself : “ How Big Pharma Profits from Swine Flu . ”
Careful there , Business Week . That kind of thinking would have gotten you branded a radical conspiracy theorist just a few months ago !
Just check out these big paydays off swine flu vaccine sales :
$ 1.7 billion for GlaxoSmithKline
$ 700 million for Novartis
$ 500 million for Sanofi-Aventis
Those figures are for the fourth quarter of 2009 alone — analysts expect them to grab similar piles of cash for the first quarter of 2010 as everyone from President Obama to Santa Claus push these needless vaccines on you and your children .
Business Week also notes that vaccine sales are booming just in time : Patents on prescription drugs worth a combined $ 135 billion in annual sales are about to expire… with no new meds ready to replace them .
And that means you can expect another phony swine flu scare any moment now .
A while back , I posted a list of ASP.NET Interview Questions . Conventional wisdom was split , with about half the folks saying I was nuts and that it was a list of trivia . The others said basically `` Ya , those are good . I 'd probably have to look a few up . '' To me , that 's the right response .
Certainly I was n't trying to boil all of .NET Software Development down to a few simple `` trivia '' questions . However , I WAS trying to get folks thinking . I believe that really good ASP.NET ( and for that matter , WinForms ) is a little [ read : lot ] more than just draging a control onto a designer and hoping for the best . A good race driver knows his car - what it can do and what it ca n't .
So , here 's another list ... a greatly expanded list , for your consumption ( with attribution ) . I wrote this on a plane last week on the way from Boise to Portland . I tried to take into consideration the concerns that my lists contain unreasonable trivia . I tried to make a list that was organized by section . If you 've never down ASP.NET , you obviously wo n't know all the ASP.NET section . If you 're an indenpendant consultant , you may never come upon some of these concepts . However , ever question here has come up more than once in the last 4 years of my time at Corillian . So , knowing groking these questions may not make you a good or bad developer , but it WILL save you time when problems arise .
What Great .NET Developers Ought To Know
Everyone who writes code
Describe the difference between a Thread and a Process ?
What is a Windows Service and how does its lifecycle differ from a `` standard '' EXE ?
What is the maximum amount of memory any single process on Windows can address ? Is this different than the maximum virtual memory for the system ? How would this affect a system design ?
What is the difference between an EXE and a DLL ?
What is strong-typing versus weak-typing ? Which is preferred ? Why ?
Corillian 's product is a `` Component Container . '' Name at least 3 component containers that ship now with the Windows Server Family .
What is a PID ? How is it useful when troubleshooting a system ?
How many processes can listen on a single TCP/IP port ?
What is the GAC ? What problem does it solve ?
Mid-Level .NET Developer
Describe the difference between Interface-oriented , Object-oriented and Aspect-oriented programming .
Describe what an Interface is and how it 's different from a Class .
What is Reflection ?
What is the difference between XML Web Services using ASMX and .NET Remoting using SOAP ?
Are the type system represented by XmlSchema and the CLS isomorphic ?
Conceptually , what is the difference between early-binding and late-binding ?
Is using Assembly.Load a static reference or dynamic reference ?
When would use Assembly.LoadFrom or Assembly.LoadFile be appropriate ?
What is an Asssembly Qualified Name ? Is it a filename ? How is it different ?
Is this valid ? Assembly.Load ( `` foo.dll '' ) ;
How is a strongly-named assembly different from one that is n't strongly-named ?
Can DateTimes be null ?
What is the JIT ? What is NGEN ? What are limitations and benefits of each ?
How does the generational garbage collector in the .NET CLR manage object lifetime ? What is non-deterministic finalization ?
What is the difference between Finalize ( ) and Dispose ( ) ?
How is the using ( ) pattern useful ? What is IDisposable ? How does it support deterministic finalization ?
What does this useful command line do ? tasklist /m `` mscor * ''
What is the difference between in-proc and out-of-proc ?
What technology enables out-of-proc communication in .NET ?
When you 're running a component within ASP.NET , what process is it running within on Windows XP ? Windows 2000 ? Windows 2003 ?
Senior Developers/Architects
What 's wrong with a line like this ? DateTime.Parse ( myString ) ;
What are PDBs ? Where must they be located for debugging to work ?
What is cyclomatic complexity and why is it important ?
Write a standard lock ( ) plus “ double check ” to create a critical section around variable access .
What is FullTrust ? Do GAC'ed assemblies have FullTrust ?
What benefit does your code receive if you decorate it with attributes demanding specific Security permissions ?
What does this do ? gacutil /l | find /i `` Corillian ''
What does this do ? sn -t foo.dll
What ports must be open for DCOM over a firewall ? What is the purpose of Port 135 ?
Contrast OOP and SOA . What are tenets of each ?
How does the XmlSerializer work ? What ACL permissions does a process using it require ?
Why is catch ( Exception ) almost always a bad idea ?
What is the difference between Debug.Write and Trace.Write ? When should each be used ?
What is the difference between a Debug and Release build ? Is there a significant speed difference ? Why or why not ?
Does JITting occur per-assembly or per-method ? How does this affect the working set ?
Contrast the use of an abstract base class against an interface ?
What is the difference between a.Equals ( b ) and a == b ?
In the context of a comparison , what is object identity versus object equivalence ?
How would one do a deep copy in .NET ?
Explain current thinking around IClonable .
What is boxing ?
Is string a value type or a reference type ?
What is the significance of the `` PropertySpecified '' pattern used by the XmlSerializer ? What problem does it attempt to solve ?
Why are out parameters a bad idea in .NET ? Are they ?
Can attributes be placed on specific parameters to a method ? Why is this useful ?
C # Component Developers
Juxtapose the use of override with new . What is shadowing ?
Explain the use of virtual , sealed , override , and abstract .
Explain the importance and use of each component of this string : Foo.Bar , Version=2.0.205.0 , Culture=neutral , PublicKeyToken=593777ae2d274679d
Explain the differences between public , protected , private and internal .
What benefit do you get from using a Primary Interop Assembly ( PIA ) ?
By what mechanism does NUnit know what methods to test ?
What is the difference between : catch ( Exception e ) { throw e ; } and catch ( Exception e ) { throw ; }
What is the difference between typeof ( foo ) and myFoo.GetType ( ) ?
Explain what 's happening in the first constructor : public class c { public c ( string a ) : this ( ) { ; } ; public c ( ) { ; } } How is this construct useful ?
What is this ? Can this be used within a static method ?
ASP.NET ( UI ) Developers
Describe how a browser-based Form POST becomes a Server-Side event like Button1_OnClick .
What is a PostBack ?
What is ViewState ? How is it encoded ? Is it encrypted ? Who uses ViewState ?
What is the < machinekey > element and what two ASP.NET technologies is it used for ?
What three Session State providers are available in ASP.NET 1.1 ? What are the pros and cons of each ?
What is Web Gardening ? How would using it affect a design ?
Given one ASP.NET application , how many application objects does it have on a single proc box ? A dual ? A dual with Web Gardening enabled ? How would this affect a design ?
Are threads reused in ASP.NET between reqeusts ? Does every HttpRequest get its own thread ? Should you use Thread Local storage with ASP.NET ?
Is the [ ThreadStatic ] attribute useful in ASP.NET ? Are there side effects ? Good or bad ?
Give an example of how using an HttpHandler could simplify an existing design that serves Check Images from an .aspx page .
What kinds of events can an HttpModule subscribe to ? What influence can they have on an implementation ? What can be done without recompiling the ASP.NET Application ?
Describe ways to present an arbitrary endpoint ( URL ) and route requests to that endpoint to ASP.NET .
Explain how cookies work . Give an example of Cookie abuse .
Explain the importance of HttpRequest.ValidateInput ( ) ?
What kind of data is passed via HTTP Headers ?
Juxtapose the HTTP verbs GET and POST . What is HEAD ?
Name and describe at least a half dozen HTTP Status Codes and what they express to the requesting client .
How does if-not-modified-since work ? How can it be programmatically implemented with ASP.NET ?
Explain < @ OutputCache % > and the usage of VaryByParam , VaryByHeader .
Explain < @ OutputCache % > and the usage of VaryByParam , VaryByHeader . How does VaryByCustom work ?
How would one implement ASP.NET HTML output caching , caching outgoing versions of pages generated via all values of q= except where q=5 ( as in http : //localhost/page.aspx ? q=5 ) ?
Developers using XML
What is the purpose of XML Namespaces ?
When is the DOM appropriate for use ? When is it not ? Are there size limitations ?
What is the WS-I Basic Profile and why is it important ?
Write a small XML document that uses a default namespace and a qualified ( prefixed ) namespace . Include elements from both namespace .
What is the one fundamental difference between Elements and Attributes ?
What is the difference between Well-Formed XML and Valid XML ?
How would you validate XML using .NET ?
Why is this almost always a bad idea ? When is it a good idea ? myXmlDocument.SelectNodes ( `` //mynode '' ) ;
Describe the difference between pull-style parsers ( XmlReader ) and eventing-readers ( Sax )
What is the difference between XPathDocument and XmlDocument ? Describe situations where one should be used over the other .
What is the difference between an XML `` Fragment '' and an XML `` Document . ''
What does it mean to say “ the canonical ” form of XML ?
Why is the XML InfoSet specification different from the Xml DOM ? What does the InfoSet attempt to solve ?
Contrast DTDs versus XSDs . What are their similarities and differences ? Which is preferred and why ?
Does System.Xml support DTDs ? How ?
Can any XML Schema be represented as an object graph ? Vice versa ?
For the past few weeks , the Internet connections in Bangalore have been cranky . And if like me , you had scheduled a hangout with people in Mumbai , Pune and Hyderabad then there is enough reason to be frustrated with the speed of the Internet . All the connections in the office -- Airtel , ACT and BSNL -- were tried , but honestly I am not happy with their support or their bandwidths these days .
Combining all these connections into one is possibly the only solution at my disposal . Seven torches together will be brighter than one . Combining different Internet connections ( EVDO/3G/4G and DSL ) , one hope will result in super high speed Internet connection .
That 's exactly what Watchy 's Bond007 hardware does . Bond007 is a next generation link aggregation network device that can bond bandwidth of up to 7 Internet USB dongles , thus providing you with high-speed Internet upload and download . Now you can live stream videos from anywhere , upload videos and files faster , and get better experience with Google Hangout & Skype .
Spark behind the ‘ idea '
During 2010 , the team was prototyping a hardware that can smartly connect your TV to the Internet . A couple of months after they started their work , Google announced its Google TV .
Instead of developing their own hardware , Watchy team decided to halt and wait for Google to release its hardware and implement their idea as an application on top of it . Meanwhile , they decided to focus on a simpler idea till Google released the SDK . While brainstorming on the future of smart TV and live video broadcasting , they had this idea to live telecast weddings on TV for people who are unable to travel to attend the ceremony .
They were sure about the demand for live streaming weddings because their friends had often asked for such a service . But they did n't believe in the potential ; they considered this a naïve product , like setting up a yahoo chat . Awaiting the Google TV API , the team realized the dire need for good Internet connection for live streaming from the outdoors that is when they decided to build Bond007 .
They were simultaneously focused on building the backend infrastructure as well . The potential market was n't using the existing services of Google , Yahoo or Skype . There was also a need for dedicated media server infrastructure for live video conferencing for corporates , so they decided to build one .
They bagged corporate clients like LG , Toshiba , Redbus and Unilever by providing customized streaming . They further extended their media server infrastructure on multiple cloud providers . What started as an interim plan became full time product/service in itself .
The team has been working relentlessly since May 2011 on the research and development of this product . At present , the team is 10-member strong with offices in Bangalore and Chennai . Bangalore acts as the R & D and engineering office for them .
There are a few competitors like Liveu , TVU and Terradeck trying hard to dominate the space .
Why Watchy ?
When they started in 2011 , the team was well aware it would take time for research and development of Bond007 . So the team decided to simultaneously do live streaming as a paid service . –There were a few advantages of this decision :
1 . Revenue from such services would feed the product development of Bond007 . Without this money it would have become difficult for them to survive for 3 years .
2 . Exposes them directly to problems faced while live streaming video in outdoor conditions . Their service team is the first client for its product team . The product team always received feedbacks immediately .
3 . Build a brand with customers .
“ As you can see , the product was developed under the Indian wireless infrastructure and field-tested for two years . We acquired a better understanding of what algorithm works well for our wireless QOS ( quality for service ) . Our service team was our early adopter and took care of field-testing the product and gave in-depth feedback . It helped gain domain expertise quickly during R & D , ” says Sriramkumar , Founder of Watchy .
Similarly , the Bond007 that they built went through much iteration .
He adds ,
We made it rugged enough for our service team . We also piloted with a few other companies to get their feedback on the build quality , thermal and power characteristics . Following the lean startup model , we iterated many times till our early adopters felt satisfied . We started with commodity hardware during R & D and moved to proprietary custom designed hardware when we completed the product . The custom design is the culmination of two years of R & D and one year of product development . It delivers maximum performance at enviable manufacturing cost . Thus we transfer the cost advantage to the end customer .
For the distribution of the product , the company follows a distributor model . They believe in sales flows through distributor , system integrator and then to the client , in that order . Their major clients are the ones in media companies or the event management industry . This model also helps them stay focused with product R & D .
Typically , product companies end up spending more money on marketing compared to product development . However , this team has managed to get all leads inbound through their website and word of mouth reference at a very early stage of its product after R & D . This has not only saved them marketing cost but also connected to customers who were more than eager to give them the product feedback .
Challenges
Boot strapping a hardware startup as single founder is very tough .
Watchy is probably exploring the toughest part of starting up a venture : there have been enough stories of hardships founders face while bootstrapping , or starting a hardware startup or being a single founder .
Also operating in two different cities – Bangalore and Chennai from day one is possibly another big challenge for any founder . Sriramkumar has been managing this quite well for almost three years now .
‘ Focus on one feature/product and scale it well , ' is something every mentor , investor or founder would advice any budding entrepreneur .
Sriramkumar has faced enough criticism for not focusing on one thing and working on both the product and service simultaneously .
He shares , “ Fortunately I got plenty of support from my friends , family , The Morpheus Accelerator and other founders to inspire me to continue my journey . ”
The Market to target
Live video conferencing as a service and product is a huge market with many global players trying to dominate in this domain .
For Watchy , the target customers include media companies especially news channels , event management firms and videographers who will use their product for live video broadcast . Media companies , who spend more than 500 crores for broadcast infrastructure , significantly constitute Watchy 's sales numbers .
Watchy 's Bond007 being a generic network device , anybody who needs high speed Internet in outdoor/remote areas , like NGOs , exhibition organizers , and sports organizers will be interested in the product .
The team wants to expand outside India as they have generated a lot of inbound interest from distributors from other countries like Thailand , Sri Lanka , Nigeria and Dubai .
Hardware is hard ?
Hardware startup is a different ball game .
Sriramkumar states ,
Most of the e-commerce and SAAS ‘ gyaan ' you read on the Internet are irrelevant . There is no big hardware startup success story in India yet . Investors are scared to invest in hardware startups because it is capital intensive . We had our live streaming services business feeding the product development . But still we struggled a lot .
The team worked on the research and development of the product for more than a year . They came up with two different broadcast products before Bond007 , and scrapped it after piloting with customers .
Sharing the story of his bootstrapped journey , he says ,
I remember the day when we ran out of cash ( which happened more than once ) and wondering what to do next . We sold our extra laptops , pcbs that we had bought earlier for our R & D which was worth more than 2 lakhs for half the price and survived that month .
He believes that niche market hardware products have a guaranteed ROI . But utmost care should be taken to avoid recalls . He added that hardware is n't about fixing patches and issues overnight like most SAAS companies . Hardware requires more rigorous testing . He worked along with the team to automate their testing . To get constant feedback , the team has integrated the first few units of Bond007 in their office .
Morpheus Gangsta experience
He is very grateful to the whole Morpheus Gang for supporting his startup journey . He believes that all of us make mistakes and when you are a single founder you do it more often . For him , Sameer and Nandini from The Morpheus played the role of co-founders and mentors during brainstorming about the whole product .
The Morpheus played a key role for him to get connected to various entrepreneurs in the country that helped him learn . They also helped with sales .
He shares
The Morpheus meeting that happens every month with portfolio companies in different cities is good for brainstorming , where all the founders meet together , ” he says , adding , “ It is good to listen to each other 's strategies , pull each other 's legs , and make fun of our decision to become entrepreneurs . It is very important for an entrepreneur to connect with other entrepreneurs , because more than your family or friends , it is this rare breed of human species that will understand your situation . I mean the ‘ same pinches ' .
Future product development
Most teams spend time building features that their clients are n't mostly willing to pay for . The best way to plan the future is to observe what your client needs . Many times the need may not be too obvious .
Sriramkumar says , “ Every time we demoed our product to our customers we recorded subtle feedbacks . Based on that , we are already working on the next model that also aggregates DSL lines . Now you can buy one each in Airtel , Hathway , ACT , BSNL etc and aggregate all their bandwidths . ”
Sriramkumar prefers to call his startup R & D focused one rather than just a product company . There are cool side projects the team is working on to keep up their R & D momentum .
Do you have multiple Internet connections in office and still suffer from low bandwidths ? Go try bond007 .
An ISIS fighter believed to be a German national , who goes by the name of Abu Assad Almani on Facebook , posted images of two Yazidi women with a caption `` She is for sale . ''
One of the images shows a young girl , believed to be 18 years old . The second woman is believed to be in her early 30s .
`` To all the bros thinking about buying a slave , this one is $ 8,000 , ” Almani wrote on his Facebook page on 20 May . After posting the second image , he wrote : `` This one a pale young face with weepy red eyes , she is also about $ 8,000 . ''
After putting up the `` For Sale '' post , the ISIS fighter then goes into a deep discussion with commenters about whether the $ 8,000 is a `` good price or not . '' The discussions on his page largely were divided with one group mocking the looks of the women , while another chiding Almani for posting pictures of women who were n't wearing the veil .
According to The Washington Post , the photos were taken down within hours by Facebook . The ISIS fighter who posted the image on Facebook has been identified as a German national , who had fled the country to join the Islamic State in Syria and is believed to be operating out of Raqqa .
The Washington-based nonprofit group - Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , that monitors jihadists ' social-media accounts observed that the condition of Yazidi women captured by ISIS was deteriorating day by day .
Steven Stalinsky , the institute 's executive director told The Washington Post : “ We have seen a great deal of brutality , but the content that ISIS has been disseminating over the past two years has surpassed it all for sheer evil.Sales of slave girls on social media is just one more example of this . ”
Proponents of marijuana prohibition have long alleged that experimentation with pot acts as a “ gateway ” to the use and eventual abuse of other illicit substances . But the results of a just released national poll finds that most Americans no longer believe this claim to be true .
According to survey data compiled by YouGov.com , fewer than one in three US citizens agree with the statement , “ the use of marijuana leads to the use of hard drugs. ” Among those respondents under the age of 65 , fewer than one in four agree .
Their skepticism is well warranted . In fact , science has long discredited gateway theory . More than two decades ago , the National Academy of Sciences Institute of Medicine reported “ there is no conclusive evidence that the drug effects of marijuana are causally linked to the subsequent abuse of other drugs . ”
More recently , Rand Corporation issued a report titled “ Reassessing the Marijuana Gateway Effect. ” The report affirmed that “ marijuana has no causal influence over hard drug initiation. ” And the authors of the report concluded :
“ While the gateway theory has enjoyed popular acceptance , scientists have always had their doubts . Our study shows that these doubts are justified . ”
Moreover , despite the recent rise in the adult use of marijuana in past years , nationwide use of most other illicit substances , particularly cocaine , has fallen dramatically . Further , surveys of cannabis consumers residing in jurisdictions where the plant is legally accessible find that respondents typically report decreasing their use of other drugs , such as alcohol and prescription opiates .
In 2014 , Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) Internal Medicine reported that the enactment of statewide medicinal marijuana laws is associated with significantly lower state-level opioid overdose mortality rates , acknowledging “ States with medical cannabis laws had a 24.8 percent lower mean annual opioid overdose mortality rate compared with states without medical cannabis laws . ”
Separate data reported by the RAND Corporation in 2015 drew a similar conclusion , determining , “ states permitting medical marijuana dispensaries experience a relative decrease in both opioid addictions and opioid overdose deaths compared to states that do not . ”
Other studies indicate that pot may even play a positive role in assisting addicts kick their opioid dependency . Writing in the journal Drug and Alcohol Dependence , researchers at New York 's Columbia University reported , “ [ Opioid dependent ] participants who smoked marijuana had less difficulty with sleep and anxiety and were more likely to remain in treatment as compared to those who were not using marijuana. ” Their findings mimic those of other studies observing that cannabis often acts as an exit drug rather than as a supposed gateway .
As for the contention that polydrug users typically begin their illicit drug experimentation with weed , science refutes this claim as well . Writing in January in the Journal of School Health , investigators at Texas A & M University and the University of Florida acknowledged that the use of alcohol and tobacco typically precedes cannabis exposure in those who progress to “ hard ” drug abuse . And it was alcohol , the authors concluded , that was first and most widely used substance in those who progressed to harder drugs .
Of course , a small percentage of cannabis consumers do go on to use other illicit drugs . But in these instances experts generally identify ‘ environmental circumstances , ' not the preceding use of cannabis , as the primary reason why some people transition to other drugs . As acknowledged by the Netherlands Institute of Mental Health and Addiction :
“ As for a possible switch from cannabis to hard drugs , it is clear that the pharmacological properties of cannabis are irrelevant in this respect . There is no physically determined tendency towards switching from marijuana to harder substances . Social factors , however , do appear to play a role . The more users become integrated in an environment ( ‘ subculture ' ) where , apart from cannabis , hard drugs can also be obtained , the greater the chance that they may switch to hard drugs . Separation of the drug markets is therefore essential . ”
Or , to put it another way , permitting marijuana sales to be regulated by licensed , state-authorized distributors rather than by criminal entrepreneurs and pushers of various other illicit drugs would likely result in fewer , not more , Americans abusing other illicit substances .
Armentano is the deputy director of NORML ( the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ) and an adviser for Freedom Leaf . He is the co-author of the book `` Marijuana Is Safer : So Why Are We Driving People to Drink ? '' ( Cheslea Green , 2013 ) and author of the book `` The Citizen 's Guide to State-By-State Marijuana Laws '' ( Whitman Press , 2015 ) .
The views expressed by Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill .
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ' enthusiastic legion of young , independent and progressive supporters turned out to be way better at jamming rallies and concerts than they were at actually voting .
While hordes of Californians were eager to “ feel the Bern ” at more than 30 high-energy — and even higher-visibility — events across the state over the past couple weeks , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton steamrolled Sanders in a surprisingly easy double-digit victory in the state 's Democratic presidential primary Tuesday .
That margin likely will shrink when the well over 1 million still uncounted California votes are tallied , but the final result will be nothing like the tight , “ flip-a-coin ” result many pollsters had predicted .
“ The young ( voters ) , the poor ones and those with no party preference were Bernie 's key supporters ... and they did n't show up , ” said Paul Mitchell , vice president of Political Data Inc. , who studied more than 21,000 voters who had mailed in their ballots . Those who did turn out were older , wealthier and more likely to be registered Democrats — exactly the voters Clinton was targeting .
What was most surprising is that while 25 percent of California 's record surge of more than 2 million new registrations was made up of voters aged 35 years and under , they made up only 10 percent of those who had mailed their ballots back by the Monday before election day .
‘ So why not vote ? '
“ These are people who had just registered , so why not vote ? ” Mitchell asked .
The complicated process independent voters had to go through to cast a ballot in the Democratic primary also did Sanders no favors . While independents could vote for Clinton or Sanders , they had to ask specifically for a Democratic ballot . No request , no ballot .
That was especially bad news for the many no-party-preference voters who cast their ballots by mail . Only about 15 percent of them asked for the Democrat ballot , which meant they were likely shut out in the presidential voting .
The extra effort needed “ likely frustrated a lot of ( independent ) voters ” who might otherwise have voted for Sanders , Mitchell said .
The polls last week showing Clinton 's shrinking lead also played a major role in the final numbers . After a series of surveys showed the California race had become a toss-up , Clinton scrapped plans to spend more time campaigning in New Jersey and flew to California for the final days before the primary .
Clinton “ has a long history in California and really wanted to win the state , ” said Buffy Wicks , the Clinton campaign 's state director . California was also the last state primary , and a Clinton win in the nation 's biggest state would make it hard for Sanders to argue that he was the “ people 's choice ” in the Democratic race .
Clintons blitzed state
Clinton and her husband , former President Bill Clinton , “ did 43 events in the last five days , ” Wicks said . “ They were crisscrossing the state and showing people we were fighting for every vote . ”
But Sanders was also campaigning at a frenetic pace , hitting cities large and small in a two-week-long schedule that finished Monday with a concert and rally that drew an estimated 10,000 people to the Presidio 's Crissy Field .
While Sanders looked like the candidate with the momentum , Clinton 's team was working behind the scenes to get their people to the polls . Drawing on their experience from 2008 , when Clinton used a late run to beat Barack Obama in California 's presidential primary , Clinton 's supporters ran multilingual phone banks , cajoling likely voters to cast their ballots .
“ We told people to take that ballot off the kitchen cabinet , fill it out and put it in the mail , ” Wicks said .
The result was seen on election night . Clinton broke on top when the first mail ballots were reported soon after 8 p.m. and never gave up the lead .
“ Clinton jumped to a huge lead , larger than expected , in the first mail results , ” said Mark DiCamillo , director of the Field Poll , which last week showed the former New York senator with a 45 percent to 43 percent lead over Sanders .
The mail ballot margin was about 400,000 votes , which held through much of the night .
“ Clinton and Sanders virtually split the votes at the polls on election day , ” DiCamillo said . But the Clinton team “ is very good at corralling votes , at getting their votes in the bank early . ”
The tide began to turn last weekend , Wicks said .
“ We felt a huge surge in momentum , ” she said . “ We had 22 percent more volunteers than we scheduled show up for our phone push . We had 5,500 volunteers make 2.2 million calls in the last few days . ”
Backers not discouraged
Clinton 's win did n't discourage Sanders or his backers .
At a Sanders event in San Francisco Tuesday , Fred Werner , 43 , wore a Bernie yarmulke as he spoke glowingly of the senator 's decidedly non-concession speech .
“ Bernie Sanders himself has always said — he even said it in his speech — this is not about Bernie , ” Werner said . “ The key thing is keeping this movement mobilized to actually change the way politics are happening in America . ... He is saying we 're not giving up , we 're fighting on . ”
But while Sanders has vowed to continue his battle until the Democratic National Convention in July , he has reportedly laid off half his campaign staff and has returned to his home in Vermont to consider his options . He has a meeting scheduled with President Obama Thursday , where they will likely talk of the future of his campaign .
Chronicle staff writer Jenna Lyons contributed to this story .
John Wildermuth is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : jwildermuth @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : jfwildermuth
A `` quarter life crisis '' is defined by the online dictionary Word Spy as `` Feelings of confusion , anxiety , and self-doubt experienced by some people in their twenties , especially after completing their education . '' This phrase has been around since the early nineties but really caught on in the last ten years as more twenty-somethings began to recognize and talk about it . I became interested in the phrase when at 25 years old I began to question everything in my life and was overwhelmed with doubt , anxiety and confusion about who I was and what I really wanted in life . I woke up one day in a cold sweat and found myself in the midst of my own quarterlife crisis . The good news is that I survived it and can honestly say it was one of the best experiences of my life . Now at 33 , my passion is supporting twenty-somethings in navigating their way through their quarterlife crises .
So you may be wondering , `` Am I having a quarterlife crisis ? '' To help you answer that question , take my quarterlife crisis diagnosis quiz which consists of 25 , appropriately , questions . Read each question carefully and answer quickly with a simple yes or no ( do n't overthink it ! ) :
1 . Are you in a `` funk '' where you feel like nothing is terribly wrong , but nothing seems right either ?
2 . Do you feel older for the first time in your life ?
3 . Are you unmotivated , directionless or passionless ?
4 . Are you concerned that you do n't know what you want to do with your life ?
5 . Do you feel pressure to grow up and get your adult life in order ?
6 . Do you feel entitled to a life much grander than the one you are living ?
7 . Do you often feel depressed , anxious , overwhelmed , lost , and maybe even a little hopeless ?
8 . Do you feel a lot of pressure and expectations to do , have or be something ?
9 . Do you ever feel that time is running out in regards to figuring out your career and deciding whether you want to get married and/or have children ?
10 . Are you stressed out by choices that seemingly will affect the rest of your life ?
11 . Are you experiencing confusion or disappointment in your career ?
12 . Do you feel that you have failed because you do n't know what you want to do with your life ?
13 . Do you know what you want to do , but ca n't seem to make it work ?
14 . Is it difficult for you to make decisions and when you do , you question them ?
15 . Do you overanalyze yourself ?
16 . Do you ever feel guilty for complaining about your life or feel like you are disappointing people ( especially your parents ) ?
17 . Are you embarrassed that you have not figured out more ?
18 . Is a breakup , romantic relationship , or lack of one causing you stress and/or sadness ?
19 . Are you still living at home with mom and dad ?
20 . Do you frequently compare yourself to other people your age and feel like you do n't measure up ?
21 . Do you feel financially unstable ?
22 . Could your self-esteem use an upgrade ?
23 . Are you thinking about going back to grad school because you do n't know what else to do with your life ?
24 . Are you constantly thinking about the future resulting in anxiety and possibly panic ?
25 . Is your life just not at all turning out like you planned ?
If you answered `` yes '' to 12 or more of the 25 questions above , you are likely to be experiencing a quarterlife crisis . But do n't worry , this is not bad news ! The purpose of the quiz is to show you that you are actually going through a very normal and natural rite of passage that no one may have warned you about . You are not alone . The questions presented come from my eight years of investigating what most of us go through during our twenties which is a lot of questioning ! The twenty-something years are a confusing , scary , frustrating and exciting , stimulating , and transformational time . Unfortunately , a high school or college diploma does not come with instructions for the `` real world . '' You have to believe in and truly get to know yourself in order to have clarity about your dreams and goals as well as insights about how to reach them . But that is no easy task , especially in a society that is so externally focused and driven by expectations .
You may have bought into some misunderstanding that by your twenties , you are supposed to have your entire life figured out . This is false ! The twenty-something years are a rather messy rite of passage without any fancy ceremonies or parties to mark that you are through them . Once you remove this intense pressure to do , be , and have so much on the outside , and shift your focus inside , you will see that you get to decide what your twenty-something years are really about . You are the expert , you have the answers , and you will be your own greatest motivator . Trust me . Or better yet , trust yourself .
My intention in writing this column is to reassure you that there is nothing wrong with you and offer some tips for navigating your own way through it . Up until now , your entire life may have been well scripted and now you are at a point in your life where you have to answer your own questions . Before you try to answer all the questions about what to be and who to be with , there is a very fundamental question to clarify first : WHO ARE YOU ? This is the question I invite you to explore between now and my column next week . Take some time to sit quietly and reflect upon this question . Write your answers and thoughts out , do n't just think about them ( you think enough already ! ) .
Now for those of you thinking that you do not have time for self-discovery , my response to you is that you can not afford not to . The alternative is to continue to spin in your quarterlife crisis and make choices based on fear , other people 's advice , expectations , or societal pressures . And there is nothing wrong with that if you are prepared to have a mid-life crisis as well !
Canada.ca contract now $ 7 million over budget
The demand by citizens for the ability to engage with their government at any time and place is leading an essential digital transformation within the public sector . How the government manages engagement with their citizens has become a hotbed of criticism in Canada , from the misleading questions and inadequate privacy protections of mydemocracy.ca , to the rising cost of redeveloping Canada.ca .
Managing the public 's expectations of Government IT procurement can become a daunting task , full of risks and large financial investments . With respect to the redevelopment of Canada.ca , Shared Services Canada awarded Adobe a $ 1.95-million contract in March 2015 to consolidate the various departmental websites under the Canada.ca banner . The value of that contract has since ballooned to more than $ 9.2 million .
Early on in the process , the Canadian government was presented with a more cost-effective option that would have utilized the collective innovation of the DrupalWXT open source community to continuously develop digital solutions to improve citizen engagement , while building on the in-house expertise in Shared Services Canada .
This open-source alternative was hardly considered , despite the fact that DrupalWXT is already being used by the Statistics Canada department , and is the technology powering the Whitehouse.gov website in the United States . As if this was n't enough , the Shared Services Canada employees even attempted to internally champion this open-source project by creating a demonstration website that mimics the layout and features of the current Canada.ca website , in order to prove the DrupalWXT technology would be a viable solution .
Former director of digital technology at the White House , Tom Cochran , told the Ottawa Citizen that Shared Services Canada did not choose the in-house solution because too many people in the Canadian government do n't fully understand the value of open-sourced software .
“ It is disappointing to see a great opportunity for digital innovation in government and shared economic prosperity fall flat due to old school IT procurement practices , favouring proprietary software companies , ” he said . “ A large advantage of our shift to open source was the removal of vendor lock-in , opening up our support contracts to hundreds of small and medium-sized companies . Rather than awarding sizeable millions to massive corporations , we were able to work with small local businesses to support the regional tech economy . ”
Open Source Overlooked
DrupalWXT would have enabled Shared Services Canada to try new ways of engaging with citizens , gathering feedback and iteratively improving the engagement experience . The ongoing feedback on what technologies are and are not working becomes a channel for continuous innovation .
Shared Services Canada 's decision to pass up the opportunity to democratize the development of Canada.ca 's website came to light just a few months after the City of Boston decided to lead the charge by becoming the first major US city to open source its entire website . For Boston , open sourcing their website enables them to work with outside organizations , software developers and academic institutions ( such as Boston University ) to view the City 's public repository on GitHub , propose code contributions to improve the website and build new features for the City 's website .
DrupalWXT would have enabled Shared Services Canada to engage Canadians in a new and innovative way , while the open-sourced software would have made the project far less expensive than being locked into a vendor 's commercial solution . Canada.ca is a prime example of how the Canadian government has missed yet another opportunity to innovate .
This piece was written by guest author : Maddison Long
