Editor 's Note : Stephen Prothero , a Boston University religion scholar and author of `` God is Not One : The Eight Rival Religions that Run the World , '' is a regular CNN Belief Blog contributor .
By Stephen Prothero , Special to CNN
A few years ago , I was walking through the streets of Indianapolis with a friend . Whenever anyone asked us for money , she would offer a dollar or two . I asked her why she did this . She replied , “ Because Jesus said so . ”
I did n't believe her . “ Where in the Bible does it say that ? ” I asked , and she responded with chapter and verse , Matthew 5:42 : `` Give to him who asks of you , and do not turn away from him who wants to borrow from you . '' ( Luke 6:30 , I should add , says basically the same thing . )
This passage is one of the so-called “ hard sayings ” of Jesus . It comes in a barrage of equally hard sayings toward the end of the Sermon on the Mount , where Jesus tells his followers to turn the other cheek , give away your coat if someone sues you for your shirt , and “ love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you , so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven '' ( Matthew 5:44-45 ) .
The chatter around a poll released Wednesday by the Public Religion Research Institute and the Religion News Service will likely focus on the findings highlighted in their news release : 82 % of Americans surveyed believe that bin Laden distorted the teachings of Islam to suit his own purposes ; 65 % believe the al Qaeda leader is rotting in hell ; and 62 % think it is wrong to celebrate the death of another human being .
Survey : Most Americans say it 's wrong to celebrate bin Laden 's death
What amazes me , however , is how disposable Christianity and the Bible are in this conversation . America , it seems , has become a nation of Christians of convenience , who trot Jesus out when he suits their politics and prejudices only to hide him away when he does not .
Americans are apparently split down the middle on whether the golden rule is an eternal moral law or a disposable human guideline . While we may pay lip service to the rule ( which can be found in most of the world 's religions ) , roughly half of us apparently think it does n't apply when it comes to torture .
Only 53 % of those surveyed say the United States should follow the golden rule and not use any methods on our enemies that we would not want used on our soldiers . Oddly , support for the golden rule in this case was actually lower ( 47 % ) among white evangelicals .
In other words , when Jesus said , “ So in everything , do to others what you would have them do to you , for this sums up the Law and the Prophets ” ( Matthew 7:12 ) , he did n't really mean `` everything . '' He thought there should be an exception in the case of waterboarding your enemies .
One thing that struck me hard while researching my 2003 `` American Jesus '' book was how malleable Jesus is in the American imagination . Instead of lording over American life , telling us what to do , he seems to be taking orders from us , carrying our water .
Or , as I put it back then , `` The American Jesus is more a pawn than a king , pushed around in a complex game of cultural ( and countercultural ) chess , sacrificed here for this cause and there for another . ”
The latest altar on which we are sacrificing Jesus is the so-called war on terror .
So here is my question for American Christians who claim the United States is a Christian nation . How Christian can a country be if even Bible believers can not get behind something as basic to the Bible as the golden rule ? Is Jesus really the lord of your life if his “ hard teachings ” can be so blithely ignored ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Prothero .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Swinging topless from rings high in the air , Zac Efron strains as his biceps bulge , his shredded shoulders swell and his sculpted six-pack is shown off to the max .
The actor , on the set of Baywatch , is so proud of his buff body he posted his workout pictures to his 11.6 million Twitter followers and 12.1 million Instagram followers .
One caption said : “ Blood , sweat and Respect . The first two you give , the last one you earn . ”
To get ripped for his role as lifeguard Matt Brody , Zac has done months of training and followed a strict diet . He tweeted : “ Nine days of zero carbs and sugar . Only organic grass fed/free range protein and organic leafy greens . ”
Read more :
Zac , 28 , is one of many stars who have transformed from fit-but-lean to beefcake – and shared the results on social media . Mark Wright , 29 , was almost unrecognisable in an Instagram selfie last week .
( Image : Instagram )
It showed him bulked up as the result of gruelling gym sessions and a protein-heavy diet . He captioned the image : “ Someone said summer is on its way , I say I 'm getting ready ! ! ” .
Magic Mike XXL star Joe Manganiello , 39 , singer Craig David , 34 , and Jurassic World star Chris Pratt , 36 , are also known for their muscle-mad selfies .
( Image : Instagram )
Former X Factor contestant Ray Quinn , 27 , also caused a stir with gym selfies showing the Liverpudlian has transformed from baby-faced singer to mean-looking muscle man .
After years of famous men sporting toned-but-slim physiques the big beefcake is back with a vengeance .
( Image : Instagram )
David Charvet , who played Matt Brody in the Baywatch TV series in the 1990s , was nowhere near as big as transformed High School Musical star Zac .
Read more :
Experts fear that with the rise of the gym selfie , there is a much darker side to the example these men are setting – warning it could lead to serious psychological issues for guys who feel they need to achieve near-impossible body goals .
Dr James Byron-Daniel , senior lecturer in sports and exercise psychology at the University of the West of England , says : “ There is massive pressure on men now because they see so many body images on social media , which we did n't see 10 years ago .
“ The problem comes when young men are not sure how to attain the body ideals they see but just want to get bigger and bigger .
“ Constantly comparing themselves to others and not achieving unattainable aims potentially leads to psychological issues such as depression and anxiety .
“ It 's a big problem – bigger than we realise because men are less likely to share their worries and seek help . It really is a ticking timebomb . ”
( Image : FilmMagic )
Celebs work hard on their looks with what trainers estimate to be up to three hours a day in the gym and the right advice to do it healthily . But experts say the man on the street , who does n't have the correct advice , is increasingly turning to dangerous quick fixes .
“ We 're seeing younger and younger men joining gyms , ” says Dr Ruth Lowry , exercise psychologist at the University of Chichester . “ We also have a rise in concerns about the obsession with highly muscular celebrity body ideals .
Read more :
“ It can start off being proactive with exercise and healthy eating but can be taken to an extreme with people choosing a calorie-restricted diet and supplementation . All these things in moderation can have a beneficial effect but in a quest for that perfect image , which takes time , dedication and money , they are looking to achieve goals too quickly .
“ We 're seeing men just concentrating on pumping iron instead of cardio health . Then there are conversations about other things , such as steroids .
“ Becoming exercise dependent also means prioritising time at the gym to the detriment of other aspects of their lives . They can experience disordered eating patterns . And they can develop muscle dysmorphia , a specific type of thinking which means perceiving yourself as much thinner and less muscled than you are . ”
( Image : Getty Images )
There is no suggestion any celebs featured here have psychological disorders or have used drugs to achieve their physiques .
But the number of men diagnosed with eating disorders has risen by almost 30 % in the past 16 years .
Experts say the problem reflects increased pressure on men to care more about their image . Latest figures also show there was a 26 % rise in males aged under-19 with eating disorders treated as inpatients in English hospitals in the five years to 2014 .
Sam Thomas , founder of charity Men Get Eating Disorders Too , says : “ Men are under much more pressure now as it 's become the norm to post gym selfies online . There 's no denying social media is to blame for the start of some eating disorders . ”
A problem with some gym goers is orthorexia , a fixation with eating foods considered to be healthy . People become obsessed with restrictive diets and punishing exercise regimes . It 's feared it can lead to self-loathing and malnourishment , with some sufferers also falling foul of anorexia or bulimia as they battle to gain a sense of control .
( Image : Instagram )
Image-obsessed young men are being blamed for anabolic steroid use soaring to epidemic levels in Britain .
In 2015 the Crime Survey for England and Wales estimated almost 60,000 people a year take the drugs , which mimic the effects of testosterone and boost muscle growth . But experts say the true amount could be 10 times greater .
Professor Julien Baker , of the Institute of Clinical Exercise and Health Science at the University of the West of Scotland , says : “ The real figure is definitely in the hundreds of thousands . ”
Made in Chelsea star Spencer Matthews , 29 , pulled out of reality show I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! last year after admitting he 'd become addicted to steroids . He said they were “ very worryingly , readily available ” .
( Image : Rex/Shutterstock )
One man who knows how it should be done properly is trainer David Kingsbury , from KL Fitness in Pinewood Studios , who has helped transform the likes of actor Hugh Jackman .
David says : “ Huge numbers of fitness enthusiasts upload pictures but there 's a fine line between feeling inspired and feeling pressured . Do n't worry about what other people are up to . ”
Campaigns in recent years have tried to change the way girls think about their bodies . Dr Lowry says the Government must widen the net . She thinks too little is being done to see how body image is affecting men , adding : “ It is a worry . ”
Americans want to march en masse to protest gun violence .
I know this because every time there 's a mass shooting—as in every other week—women , ready to fill buses to DC , ask me to organize another march .
I still hold the record for organizing the largest march in U.S. history to protest gun violence . Held on Mother 's Day , 2000 , more than 750,000 angry marchers convened on the National Mall . Thousands of others from all 50 states marched in 77 support marches across the country . All to protest gun violence .
Someone else wants to top that ?
Easy . Here 's how .
First , announce the march on a slow news day .
Like a Labor Day . A Monday so bereft of hard news it has TV assignment editors silently praying for a shark attack on the Jersey Shore or a 12 car pile-up on the Long Island Expressway involving a Hampton 's Jitney and ( fingers crossed ) Alec Baldwin 's limo .
News crews from CNN to Fox News packed my Labor Day news conference in 1999 when I announced I was organizing a million moms ' march .
Next , give up your day job . A march will take over your life . I took leave from my paying job promoting comedy gags like “ The Top Ten Ways the Y2K Will Affect Your Dog ” right around the same time I took leave of my senses to put $ 100,000 on my Visa and MasterCard , the start-up expenses to launch a massive march . No joke .
Yes . Go crazy ! In an outraged , “ Congress , Go to your room and clean up your mess ! ” kind of way .
Do n't forget to call the Capitol Hill police about a permit . Same switchboard number for Congress . ( 202-224-3121 ) .
Most important for organizing on a large scale , recruit talented , well-connected moms ( and dads ) who can promote policy and politics in easy to understand terms…like an episode of Sesame Street .
An “ F ” grade from the NRA stands for Friends . Our friends . The ones in Congress who want to protect children from gun violence . An “ A ” stands for…well , you get the drift .
Next , pick a relatable timeframe from launch to march . Labor Day 1999 to Mother 's Day 2000 was nine months . I repeat . Nine months . Plenty of time to seriously organize . Plus , the mommy metaphor wrote its own headlines .
Be patient with those clueless to America 's gun violence epidemic . I too was blissfully ignorant of the sobering statistics until a deranged white supremacist sprayed 70 bullets in under 3 minutes at day campers who were around the same ages as my children , then 4 and 5 years old .
In 1999 approximately 12-15 American children and teens died each day by gunfire . In 2015 that number is down to 8-9 a day . More survive gunshots from better medical care . Others , from moms who ask before sending their children to a play date if the home has a gun and if so , is it locked up ?
Become a sound-bite policy expert . Not that hard .
I became one after watching an episode of Nightline in which two police chiefs—one from Seattle , Washington , the other from Vancouver , Canada—compared and contrasted their respective countries background check systems for gun sales .
An eye-opener .
Canada 's background check system includes a 28 day waiting period while authorities check the applicant 's references which include employers , family and neighbors . If approved , then the applicant must take safety courses .
Do n't we have national laws like that in the United States ? All the craven politicians keep saying we do . We just need to enforce them .
Well , liar , liar pants on fire .
America 's laws do n't even come close .
But I digress .
March organizers must embrace all media , including Fox News .
My favorite , “ The “ O'Reilly Factor. ” I went on after the National Zoo shooting in 2000 ( not to be confused with the 2014 shooting ) . While dads in lazyboys yelled “ from my cold dead hands ” at me , their wives and daughters lit up the march 's 50 phone lines wanting to join .
I appeared again on an unrelated topic . As the publicist for a tabloid TV show , I was on to chit-chat about the Rosie O'Donnell/Donald Trump feud . ( The 2007 feud , not the one in 2015 ) .
When O'Reilly introduced me as the founder of the Million Mom March , his viewers reeling from the Virginia Tech massacre , flooded the Brady Campaign 's switchboard wanting to join a march , nobody was organizing . The frazzled man fielding the calls begged me never to use the word “ march ” on national TV ever again .
Men , as a gender , ca n't organize a trip to the men 's room , much less organize a bus to DC . Marches baffle them .
Some think it 's so easy that they want a march every other day—as in my favorite billionaire activist , Michael Bloomberg . At a 2009 fundraiser where we were both donors , Bloomberg wanted to know why I was n't organizing another march on Washington . ( I was a single mom , Mr. Mayor , with a day job . ) He had reason to be upset . Congress was debating a diabolical concealed carry reciprocity bill ( ultimately defeated , whew ! ) around the same time as a mass shooting in Binghamton , the worst in New York state 's history .
Then in 2012 the mass shooting that kicked us all in the gut—Newtown—had Luke Russert , a man , suggesting the time was right for another “ Million Mom March . ”
That shout-out from Russert on MSNBC sent 1225 emails to my private account within minutes . I forwarded them to be captured by a Facebook page thrown up quickly by an Indiana mom while the rest of America was literally throwing up .
Oh , if only Mark Zuckerberg was n't still in high school cramming for his SATs back in 2000 , I am certain millions of moms marching up Capitol Hill is more frightening to a Congressman than Wayne Lapierre knocking at his door .
Now that American moms have Facebook event pages , a massive march has the potential to be 10 times larger than the Million Mom March of 15 years ago .
Now get ready for sticker shock .
Got $ 3 million ? That 's what my march cost in 2000 . The bigger the march , the more expensive the march .
Thankfully , corporate sponsors , attracted to the mom demographic , footed most of the bill . Money well-spent because it created a mega-data base of activists and donors with funds that would not have otherwise gone to a historically under-funded , un-appreciated and battle weary movement .
Still want to organize a march ?
Then disregard the inside the Beltway naysayers who will balk , claiming marches accomplish nothing . Untrue . Statehouses across the country began moving long-stalled gun safety legislation in 2000 , knowing that voting mothers were now watching .
Thousands of volunteers energized by the march signed up for political campaigns that following November . Suburban moms put Al Gore over the top to win the popular vote for president . He might have won that electoral college too if not for Florida , with its hanging chads and confused senior citizens who mistakenly voted for Pat Buchanan .
Got $ 3 million and still want to organize a march ? Build it and we will come .
However , if it were up to me , I would rather spend it on securing DC 's Verizon Center for a televised megamom-rally .
Why ? Better security . Better handicapped accessible bathrooms too .
Amy Schumer , want to emcee ?
Like a Jerry Lewis Telethon , we could raise money on-air for a voter education fund . A $ 1 million dollar contribution donated anonymously to the Million Mom March in 2000 helped identify who voted to close the gun show loophole after Columbine . And who did n't . Voting moms threw a few rascals out of Congress as a result .
I would fill 19,465 of Verizon 's 20,000 seats with grieving mothers and religious leaders from every one of the 435 congressional districts . The other 535 seats , I 'd save for Congress . No-shows would be publicly shamed on National TV by Tucson 's hero , Patricia Maiche , a woman who bravely wrestled with the shooter of Rep.Gabby Giffords and others , saving lives a result .
The standing room only section would be reserved for survivors in wheelchairs . If the Fire Marshall objects , I 'd bring in the Chicago Fire Chief , Annette Holt , a mother of a slain son .
Dads , you circle outside to protect the women from the misogynistic death threats we female activists endure daily . Andy Parker , father of journalist Allison Parker , no need to arm yourself with anything other than your eloquence . Hordes of TV crews will be circling you , the rest of the outraged dads and maybe even an astronaut there too .
Whether it 's another mothers ' march or the mother of all town halls , somebody 's got to step up .
In a big way .
America is at a rare tipping point now
To quote Mr. Parker , “ we should do whatever it takes ” to tip it in the right direction .
Got $ 3 million burning a hole in your pocket ? Call me . I 'll reserve the venue .
I recently wrote an article talking about how wrong I was about Chromebooks and their perceived usefulness . After purchasing a relatively low-end model , the ASUS C202SA , I quickly came to the conclusion that having an affordable glorified web browser in a traditional laptop form was way more beneficial than I was willing to give it credit for , particularly because a good chunk of my time spent on a computer is through a web browser or word processor anyway .
Despite my opinion shift , I have to admit that I probably never would have become interested in Chromebooks at all if I had n't known that many Chromebooks would eventually receive access to Google 's Play store , which has millions of apps . In my head , I thought of this as an excellent addition to Chromebooks . Android apps may not be as feature-heavy or complex as programs on a PC , but they are quite useful when you consider the very limited options that Chromebook users have otherwise .
I had my C202SA for a short time before snagging a deal on a Dell Chromebook 13 from Dell 's Outlet store . The Dell 13 currently has access to the Play store through what is known as the “ developer channel ” - an unstable channel with early access to features in testing - which was a big draw for me . I had a good experience with the ASUS 202 , but it does n't have the Play Store added in ( yet – the 202 is on the list of Chromebooks that will get the Play store in the future ) . Curiosity got the better of me , so I switched to the Dell to find out just how useful the Play Store actually was .
I 've been using my Dell for about 2 weeks now . My experience with the Play store is n't without challenges , as expected , but still much appreciated . A couple of apps that I was excited to use are not yet “ supported ” by my device , such as Microsoft Office and Steam , but will reportedly be available later once `` improvements to the experiences '' have been made . Additionally , I find that several games and apps are not compatible with non-touch Chromebooks such as my own – an obvious obstacle I had completely overlooked . Some apps , however , perform just fine . Hearthstone can be installed and played with no issue ( aside from occasional lag ) , as can Final Fantasy III . Gmail , Facebook Messenger , and Evernote are all services that I had no qualms accessing through the web but find that their dedicated apps have a much quicker and smoother response . And while I can not access Microsoft Office through the Play store , I find G Suite ( Google Suite ) to be a perfectly acceptable alternative .
Currently , only three Chromebooks officially support the Play Store on the stable ( default ) channel ( Chromebook Pixel 2015 ; ASUS Flip ; Acer R11 ) , but it would appear that the Chrome OS team is working diligently to bring the Play Store to more Chromebooks . If you 're in the market for a Chromebook and you 're wondering if the Play Store adds anything of value to a laptop-like device , I would say that in many aspects it does . Chromebooks with touchscreens will benefit from the Play Store more than non-touchscreen devices will by having fewer restrictions , but non-touchscreen devices still stand to benefit from the addition by having access to apps that may perform better than their web-based alternatives .
Even before I had access to the Play store , my Chromebook quickly became my go-to device for light computer tasks and media consumption . Despite the shortcomings that come with the development of the Play store on Chromebooks right now , it is an overall welcome improvement , which should only get better once it becomes stable and widely available .
`` I hope something pushes you far enough that you kill yourself . I 'm tired of assholes breathing my air . ''
It is a genuine person , too , who made that threat . Not some abusive robo-troller program . Perhaps that person is serious or perhaps they think it 's `` funny '' to threaten and abuse another person into silence and fear .
[ Content Note : Harassment ; bullying ; threats of violence . ] A few weeks ago I wrote a post about how the phrase `` it 's just the internet '' as a response to abuse and harassment online is little more than a bullshit phrase that enables the abusers . I also tweeted about an idea that I 've been turning over in my head for some time : `` '' Trolls '' are unserious . Laughable . This diminishes the abusive , threatening , violent behavior . They are people engaging in bullying . `` .I want to talk about using the word `` troll '' to describe people who engage in violent , abusive , threatening behavior . I 'm not really talking about the generally mock-worthy juvenile behavior of the 'who monitors your bevis ? ' variety ( though that is obnoxious and one definitely could make a case that it is bullying ) . No , I mean the people who engage in the rape threats . The death wishes . The DDoS attacks . Sending a continual stream of hateful email under various aliases . The constant sockpuppeting to harass . The photoshopping pictures . The searching out of addresses and phone numbers , then posting that info encouraging further abuse . The setting up of entire other websites for no other purpose but target someone with hatefulness . The `` fill the comment section with porn and/or hate to try and ruin someone 's site '' attacks . The creating a `` game '' targeting the person you hate with violence . The , as Jay Smooth put it , `` sustained , amplified , hyper-aggressive '' behavior ( aside : I highly recommend watching Jay 's video because his point about how `` do n't feed the trolls '' is a silencing and enabling tactic is relevant and righteous ) . `` Troll '' is is othering , in a way . It 's `` monstering '' , though in an almost comic sort of way that encourages a `` do not take seriously '' mindset because who is supposed to take trolls seriously , right ? You 're supposed to `` not feed '' the trolls , after all , no matter how horrible . People who engage trolls in comments tend to be admonished . People who confront them in posts or tweets are admonished . All of that rather plays into reducing the behavior to something that 's less-than-real abuse . It 's `` just trolling '' .Like with how it 's been suggested we should change the discussion about domestic abusers and rapists to stop making it seem like only `` certain kinds of people '' abuse or rape ( the `` monsters '' , the `` strangers in the bushes '' ) , I 'm suggesting we , as a whole internet society , need a language -- and thus perception -- change about those who abuse and harass people online.I get that it is easy , almost natural , to want to separate out those who write things like this to someone who criticized the creators of a comic strip : I mean , WHO SAYS SHIT LIKE THAT , right ? As I said in my one post : I 'm not meaning `` humanizing to seem sympathetic '' but to realize that they are real people engaging in some truly heinous behavior -- behavior that if done in-person or even over the phone , could in some cases potentially be criminal.I know , I know : `` troll '' is so ingrained in the culture of the internet that it seems like it 'd be impossible to change the reference ; that suggesting changing a term that 's as old and well-worn as `` LOL '' can seem too radical and/or unnecessary . Tradition , however , does not preclude change . Jay starts this process by separating them out in to two levels . I 'm not sure that 's enough.Perhaps if we could talk about people who abuse and harass others online in terms ( or acronyms ... we , as the internet , do love a good acronym , right ? ) that do n't tend to minimize the behavior , there could be further progress in really confronting the culture of violent abuse and harassment that happens , especially to women and people of color and LGBT people , online . Further progress in seeing it for what it is .
This image taken from undated video shown to The Associated Press by the Philippine military shows the purported leader of the Islamic State group Southeast Asia branch , Isnilon Hapilon , center , at a meeting of militants at an undisclosed location . The images offer a rare glimpse into the clandestine operations of insurgents who followed through two weeks ago with an unprecedented assault on the lakeside city of Marawi , parts of which they still occupy today . ( Philippines Military via AP )
MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) — It was an audacious plot sketched in chilling detail with blue pens on the back of a paper calendar : Islamic militants in the Philippines , including one of the world 's most-wanted militant leaders , would take over a key southern city in their boldest attack to date .
With unsettling calm , they spoke of taking hostages from a school , sealing off roads and capturing a highway “ so the people will get scared . ”
Video footage and a separate screen-grab image of that secret meeting , obtained exclusively by The Associated Press , offer a rare glimpse into the clandestine operations of insurgents who followed through two weeks ago with an unprecedented assault on the lakeside city of Marawi , parts of which they still occupy today .
The images also provide the first visual proof that a nascent alliance of local Muslim fighters is not only aligned with the Islamic State group , but coordinating and executing complex attacks together . Among those at the table was the purported leader of the Islamic State group 's Southeast Asia branch , Isnilon Hapilon , who is on Washington 's list of most-wanted terrorists and has a $ 5 million bounty on his head .
The footage is believed to be the first of Hapilon since he and several other Filipino militants pledged allegiance to IS in 2014 . The military had said he was wounded in a January airstrike ; in the video , however , there are no indications that he is injured . Hapilon appears sitting with other militants at a table , wearing a yellow and black headscarf with a pistol beside his folded arms .
Military chief of staff Gen. Eduardo Ano confirmed the identities of those present , including Hapilon , who resembles other images said to be of him , such as those on FBI wanted posters . The militants have no spokesman and do not generally issue statements .
The images show that the insurgent alliance “ has this intention of not only rebellion , but actually dismembering a portion of the Philippine territory by occupying the whole of Marawi city and establishing their own Islamic state or government , ” said Ano .
The military has an interest in allowing the AP to make the footage public . On Monday , six lawmakers petitioned the Supreme Court to nullify President Rodrigo Duterte 's imposition of martial law in the south — homeland of minority Muslims in the largely Roman Catholic country — casting doubt on the gravity of the crisis there . Ano said the reality that “ a full-blown rebellion ” is underway should convince skeptics that this is not just “ a small problem . ”
Government troops discovered the video on a cellphone they seized during a May 23 raid on a Marawi safe house where Hapilon and other militants were believed to be hiding . They said the video had been filmed a day or two earlier . It was not possible to independently verify that claim . But a separate screen grab of the same meeting , obtained by the AP from an anti-terrorism agent , showed the militants were writing on a calendar dated 2017 .
An army official allowed the AP to record the video as it played on a laptop computer .
Ano said the insurgents had been planning to attack Marawi on May 26 , the start of Ramadan in the south . But the raid cut their preparations short and triggered instant clashes . Had the assault not been pre-empted , the militants likely would have seized more territory and inflicted far more damage .
As it stands , the fighting has been unprecedented ; while militants have launched major attacks before , never before has any group occupied territory in the heartland of the Philippines ' Islamic faith for this long . Two weeks after the conflict began , at least 178 people have been killed and the army is still battling to regain control with airstrikes and artillery .
The militants , who are believed to be holding a Catholic priest and many other hostages , have torched buildings and destroyed at least one church . Ano said they occupy 10 percent of the city and have positioned snipers in tall buildings . Much of the city center has been devastated .
The crisis in Marawi , combined with fears that the Islamic State group is breathing new life into Muslim insurgencies in Southeast Asia , has put the Philippines and the region on edge .
On Friday , when a masked gunman began shooting and burning gambling tables in a Manila casino , terrified patrons immediately assumed an Islamic State siege was underway . The radical group claimed responsibility for the attack , in which dozens of people died of smoke inhalation , but there has been no evidence to back its claim . Police insist the motive was robbery , and the gunman 's family says he was a disgruntled gambling addict .
Still , the episode highlighted what House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez described as the “ unsettling inadequacy ” of public security in the capital . The attack , he said , should “ serve as a wake-up call ” to do something about it .
A security conference this past weekend in Singapore attended by defense ministers and experts from 39 nations produced a flurry of alarmed statements . Among the topics : a fear that places like Marawi could become a new base for the Islamic State group as it loses territory in the Middle East .
“ If the situation in Marawi in the southern Philippines is allowed to escalate or entrench , it would pose decades of problems , ” said Singapore Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen . “ All of us recognize that if not addressed adequately , it can prove a pulling ground for would-be jihadists . ”
The southern Philippines already is .
Of the 120 militants killed in Marawi so far , at least eight are known to be foreign fighters , including a Chechen , a Yemeni and several Malaysians and Indonesians , according to Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana .
Hapilon 's pledge of allegiance , meanwhile , may have already paid off . His faction has received a “ couple of million dollars ” from the Islamic State , Lorenzana said .
In the video clip obtained by the AP , which runs for just over two minutes , a long-haired man identified by the military as Abdullah Maute addresses other militant leaders gathered around a white plastic table .
Pointing to a crude sketch of Marawi 's main streets and speaking in Tagalog and Marawi 's Maranao dialect , he declares , “ We 'll take this first and then here . ”
“ Or , ” he says , “ we can go here first . We seal this off so you 'll have a passageway . But we need to capture a highway so the people will get scared. ” Another militant can be seen videotaping the clandestine meeting .
Maute is the leader of a militant group called the Islamic State Ranao — one of about 10 small armed Muslim groups that have also pledged allegiance to the Islamic State and have forged a loose alliance that now flies IS-style black flags .
Although virtually unheard of a few years ago , they contributed over 260 of the fighters who attacked mosque-studded Marawi , the military says . Along with Hapilon 's group , they were blamed for a night market bombing in September that killed 15 people in the southern city of Davao , Duterte 's hometown .
Also appearing in the video clip are two of Maute 's brothers — Omarkhayam and Maddi — and another militant known as Abu Humam . Humam is a member of Khilafah Islamiyah Mindanao , a small group linked to a 2013 bombing that killed eight people in a bar in Cagayan de Oro , not far from Marawi .
The new armed groups are the latest offshoots of a decades-long Muslim separatist conflict fueled by wrenching poverty , weak law enforcement and a surfeit of weapons in the southern Philippines . The two biggest Muslim rebel groups , which have engaged in peace talks with the government , have not backed the militants who attacked Marawi and offered to help end the siege .
Hapilon 's militant alliance aims to establish a “ wilayat , ” or a provincial territory , that will form part of a caliphate in Southeast Asia , according to experts . Duterte says government forces will never allow them to do that or break away from the Philippines .
___
Associated Press writer Annabelle Liang in Singapore contributed to this report .
Canada has no official statistical measurement to define “ middle class ” , Finance Minister Bill Morneau said in a reply to an order paper question from Conservative MP Kevin Sorenson Tuesday .
“ Mr . Speaker , the Government of Canada defines the middle class using a broader set of characteristics than merely income . Middle-class Canadians can generally be identified by the values they hold and the lifestyle they aspire to . Middle-class values are values that are common to most Canadians and from all backgrounds , ” Morneau began an answer .
“ They believe in working hard to get ahead and hope for a better future for their children . Middle-class families also aspire to a lifestyle that typically includes adequate housing and health care , educational opportunities for their children , a secure retirement , job security and adequate income for modest spending on leisure pursuits , among other characteristics . ”
In addition to a definition of the middle class , Sorenson — minister of state ( Finance ) in the Harper government and currently the chair of the standing committee on public accounts — had asked for a salary range for middle-class individuals , couples and families .
Morneau answered that the income required to attain a middle class lifestyle can “ vary greatly ” based on Canadians ' specific situations — whether they have child care expenses , for example , or live in large cities where housing tends to be more expensive .
“ As a result , it is not possible to pin down a specific income range that would capture everyone who is in the middle class and exclude everyone who is not . In addition , Canada has no official statistical measure of what constitutes the middle class , ” Morneau concluded .
Though Morneau could n't define the middle class by income , his first budget contained what the government called a “ middle class tax cut ” — from 22 per cent to 20.5 per cent , on income between $ 45,282 and $ 90,563 .
“ Our government believes that a strong economy starts with a strong middle class . Canada 's middle class has gone too long without a raise , and in challenging economic times , we have taken action to help them , ” Morneau said a January 2016 debate on Bill C-2 , which made the changes .
As you consider ways to cool off this July 4th weekend , here 's a story that may make you rethink a trip to your local public swimming pool . Earlier this week in Fall River , Massachusetts , the body of Marie Joseph , 36 , was found in the town 's pool . Sad and disturbing enough , but police believe the mother of three was actually floating there for two days before anyone noticed .
For TWO DAYS swimmers swam , dove , and had a grand old time in the sun , and no one noticed her body . It 's unfathomable that something like that could happen , and what the hell were the lifeguards doing ?
According to a story from Turnto10.com , Joseph went to Veteran 's Memorial Pool on Sunday around 2 p.m. with some friends , including a 9-year-old boy she was watching go down a slide . Police believe she drowned after going down the slide herself . Police chief Daniel Racine told the station :
The boy stated that once he was in the water after coming down the slide , Marie unexpectedly slid down the slide landing on top of him . He further stated that she went under the water and did not surface .
Upon seeing this , the boy reportedly did exactly what he should have done -- he told a lifeguard . According to him , the lifeguard ignored him , which is n't hard to believe considering the lifeguards at this pool did n't notice the body for two days .
Why the boy did n't tell anyone else , and why the woman 's friends left without her are n't clear , but no one found her until about 10 p.m. Tuesday . That means all day Monday and all day Tuesday ( when the pool was reportedly busy and bustling ) , she was there and no one noticed . How can that happen ? I mean it 's not like the murky ocean ; pools are pretty clear and transparent ... or should be . Just yesterday my husband spotted and rescued a little baby possum from our backyard pool . That guy was tiny ; a woman is much bigger !
Police are investigating , and the pool has been shut down until they try to figure out what went wrong . But wow , does this case ever raise some serious and scary questions about the quality of lifeguards and just how self-absorbed people may be to not even notice a dead woman beside them .
How do you think it 's possible for a woman to float dead in a public swimming pool for two days with no one noticing ?
Image via Julien Haler/Flickr
Over the last two weeks we 've gotten our hands on several model years 2015 ( MY2015 ) change and order guides for the Audi range in the USA . The documents are highly detailed and outline many of the equipment , trim , color and package changes to the Audi line model-by-model . It 's an impressive and imposing amount of information so we 've chosen to break it down model-by-model and release one per day . Today 's installment covers the S4 sedan .
Editor 's Note : The below has been compiled based on the most up-to-date information at the time of writing . Details are subject to change so when in question , refer to your Audi dealership or to Audi of America 's customer service team .
2015 Changes Summary : The changes for the 2015 Audi S4 revolve around the wheels and tires . New 19-inch V-spoke design Titanium-finished wheel options for S4 are now offered with the High-gloss Black Package ( Premium Plus and Prestige ) . A new Technology Package Bundles MMI navigation plus , Audi connect , parking system plus and Audi Side Assist ( Premium Plus ) . Daytona Grey pearl effect paint makes its debut as an optional color in the 2015 S model exterior palette .
S4 Premium Plus
18-inch 5-parallel-spoke-star-design wheels with 245/40 summer tires
3-spoke flat-bottom steering wheel ( with shift paddles on auto )
Audi advanced key ( with red starter ring )
Audi drive select controls
Audi music interface with iPod cable
Audi xenon plus front lighting with LED DRLs & taillights
Auto-dimming , heated exterior mirrors
Brushed Aluminum decorative inlays
Driver information systems with trip computer , monochrome
HomeLink garage door opener
Heated , 8-way power front seats with driver memory and 4-way power lumbar
Leather/Alcantara sport seats
Power sunroof
Bluetooth preparation for mobile phone
S exterior kit with Platinum Grey matte front grille and chrome struts , body-colored door sill blades , Alu-optic mirror housings and front & rear diffuser blades , Dual twin-outlet exhaust , S-specific trunk lid with integrated spoiler , V6T badging on front fenders , S4 logos on grille & trunk lid
Split-folding rear seatback
S-specific sport suspension and brake system
Three-zone automatic climate control
Tire Pressure Monitoring System
Options & Packages
Technology Package – Bundles 1 CD/DVD player & HD radio , Audi connects with online services , Audi parking system plus with rearview camera , and Audi side assist * * NEW * *
Technology Package – Bundles 1 CD/DVD player & HD radio , Audi connects with online services , Audi parking system plus with rearview camera , and Audi side assist Black Optic Package – With 19-inch Titanium V-spoke-design wheels in titanium finish with 255/35 summer tires * * NEW * *
Bang & Olufsen sound system
Audi quattro with sport differential , rear
Audi adaptive damping suspension
Fine Nappa leather upholstery and door armrests
18″ 245/40 all-season tires ( vehicle top speed limiter lowered to 130 mph )
19″ 5-segment-spoke-design wheels with 255/35 summer tires
Rear side airbags
Inlays – Carbon Atlas decorative
Inlays – Layered Aluminum / Black wood
Prestige – Includes Premium Plus features plus :
Audi adaptive light
Bang & Olufsen Sound System
Technology Package
Options & Packages
Black Optic Package – With 19-inch Titanium V-spoke-design wheels in titanium finish with 255/35 summer tires * * NEW * *
Driver Assist Package with Audi adaptive cruise control
Audi quattro with sport differential , rear
Audi adaptive damping suspension
Fine Nappa leather upholstery and door armrests
18″ 245/40 all-season tires ( vehicle top speed limiter lowered to 130 mph )
19″ 5-segment-spoke-design wheels with 255/35 summer tires
Rear side airbags
Inlays – Carbon Atlas decorative
Inlays – Layered Aluminum / Black wood
Port Installed Options from Audi Accessories
Audi Cargo Box – Collapsible fabric storage box for trunk with Audi rings logo
Audi First Aid Kit
Audi Guard All-Weather Floor Mats ( Black Rubber with S4 Logo )
Audi Guard Cargo Mat ( Black Trunk Liner with No Logo )
Audi Guard Protection Kit ( Includes All-weather Floor Mats and Cargo Mat )
Audi Guard Wheel Lock Kit
Audi TravelSpace Base Carrier Bars ( Includes Base Bars and Storage Bag )
Cargo Net
Alu-Optic Package – Alu-optic painted side sill blades with Supercharged badges
Supercharged badges – Removes V6T badges and adds supercharged badges
Paint Colors This updated list of MY2015 paint colors for Audi A4 includes some carryover colors and some new colors .
Brilliant Black
Daytona Grey Pearl Effect
Florett Silver Metallic ( not shown )
Glacier White Metallic
Misano Red Pearl Effect
Monsoon Grey Metallic
Moonlight Blue Metallic
Mythos Black Metallic ( not shown )
Sepang Blue Pearl Effect ( not shown )
Volcano Red Metallic
Interior Colors
Black
Black / Lunar Silver
Black / Magma Red
Black / Chestnut Brown
Instant Comments ...
comments
Before the launch of iPhone X , iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus , Apple had joined Wireless Power Consortium ( WPC ) to enable wireless charging on these iPhones . When Xiaomi had enrolled with WPC in September this year , the rumor mill started speculating that Xiaomi 's upcoming flagship phone may carry support for Qi standard wireless charging . Fresh information claims that Xiaomi Mi 7 will feature wireless charging and its trial production will begin before China 's Sprint Festival .
According to Chinese media , since Xiaomi is rumored to be using the same foundry as Apple for wireless charging , it is unlikely to encounter product quality or supply issue for bringing wireless charging feature on the Mi 7 . It is likely that the Mi 7 may feature the same Broadcom chip and NXP transmitter that enables wireless charging feature on the 2017 iPhones .
Speculations are rife that Xiaomi will be announcing the Mi 7 in March next year . Hence , it is ramping up the trail production before Feb. 16 Sprint Festival day in a bid to build up abundant stock of Mi 7 .
Read More : Xiaomi Redmi 5 And Redmi 5 Plus Sale Starts From December 12 , Price Starts At 699 Yuan
The arrival of wireless charging on Xiaomi Mi 7 could mean that it will feature a glass chassis . The inclusion of Qi charging on Mi 7 indicates that users will be able to refill its battery wirelessly by placing the phone on a wireless charging bed . The Mi 7 is rumored to arrive with a 6-inch AMOLED screen by Samsung and it will be fueled by Snapdragon 845 chipset .
The SoC is rumored to be accompanied by 6 GB of RAM . It is speculated to come with a pair of f/1.7 aperture 16-megapixel rear-facing camera sensors . It is likely to feature the same 3,350mAh battery that is present on the Mi 6 smartphone . It is also speculated to feature 3D facial recognition feature . It is likely to carry a starting price of 2,699 Yuan . After getting announced in March , the smartphone may hit the market in April .
( source )
What is it about Guerrilla Gardening ? No matter how many times you see it happen , or hear about a new verge planting , it 's always exciting . Is it the fact that growing tomatoes is actually that invigorating ?
Or is it that people 's small acts of community are that much needed ? Either way , here are a few things I 've come across this week . First up , vigilante gardening in Brooklyn NYC . Small scale , but full of implications .
and the completion of the project :
And then here 's a pothole garden from London :
And a micro wallgarden , by the same artist :
Lastly , here 's a wee microclimate Nick and I made back in the days of art , as part of a commission by Govett-Brewster Gallery in New Zealand , on the streets of New Plymouth in 2007 :
What 's the latest great bit of guerrilla gardening you 've come across ?
We 'll be incorporating a taste of guerrilla gardening into our Urban Permaculture Design Course in Sydney this January , as part of 2 fabulous weeks of Permaclture design , theory and technique .
Links to the various garden vigilantes above :
Completely related posts on Milkwood.net :
The Kansas City Chiefs have cut kicker Cairo Santos in a surprise move that sets him free to sign with another club after healing .
It 's been a surprising season all the way around for the Kansas City Chiefs . The latest surprising transaction comes with news on Saturday that the Chiefs have cut longtime kicker Cairo Santos after placing him on injured reserve .
Chiefs waive K Cairo Santos with an injury designation — Terez A. Paylor ( @ TerezPaylor ) September 30 , 2017
The move allows Santos to sign with any new team after he heals from his lingering groin injury . Initially the Chiefs were expected to potentially bring him back later in the season given how accurate he 's been for the team over the last three-plus seasons . Even this year , he 'd not missed a single kick and that came on the heels of his best season last year when he converted 88 percent of his field goals attempted .
Santos will now be free to rehab on his own time ( and dime ) as the Chiefs turn the corner to the newly acquired Harrison Butker . Butker was the seventh round draft choice of the Carolina Panthers and they tried to stash him on the practice squad but instead the Chiefs poached him after Santos went down .
Santos initially injured himself in the preseason and he missed the bulk of the team 's preseason games after suffering a groin injury that would n't go away . He reportedly re-injured the same area in Week 3 after looking great in the first couple weeks of the season . The Chiefs had brought in Sam Ficken as their kicker throughout the preseason but apparently decided to go elsewhere for a long-term replacement for Santos .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn +
Belgium announced its disagreement with Donald Trump 's latest decision on migration .
Prime Minister Charles Michel said : “ We disagree with the ban on access to US territory for seven Muslim countries . ”
“ Belgium will not follow this policy and will ask for explanations through diplomatic channels , ” said the head of the Belgian federal government .
“ Migration policy is the responsibility of the US government and it is a sovereign decision , ” admitted Michel . “ But Belgium will follow the case closely to evaluate in particular the possible consequences for its own citizens ” .
Trump signed the directive on Friday , but the policy appeared to be evolving on the fly . Democrats and a growing number of Republicans assailed the move and foreign leaders condemned it amid court challenges and tumult at U.S. airports .
The president 's critics have said his action unfairly singled out Muslims , violated U.S. law and the Constitution and defiled America 's historic reputation as hospitable to immigrants .
In a fresh defence of the action on Sunday , Trump said his directive was “ not about religion ” but keeping America safe . Trump has presented the policy as a way to protect the country from the threat of Islamist militants .
U.S . Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in a statement that people from the seven countries who hold so-called green cards as lawful permanent U.S. residents would not be blocked from returning to the United States from overseas , as some had been after the directive .
The Republican president on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the country , an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria and a three-month bar on citizens from Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen .
Border and customs officials struggled to put Trump 's directive into practice . Confusion persisted over details of implementation , in particular for the people who hold green cards .
The department said on Saturday Trump 's action did apply to people with green cards who were returning to the United States from the seven nations , while a White House official said green card holders who had left the United States and wanted to return would have to visit a U.S. embassy or consulate to undergo additional screening .
Condemnation of Trump 's action poured in from abroad , including from traditional allies of the United States .
In Germany , which has taken in large numbers of people fleeing the Syrian civil war , Chancellor Angela Merkel said the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for the measures and “ does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion , ” her spokesman said on Sunday .
Canada will offer temporary residency to people stranded in the country as a result of Trump 's executive order on immigration , Canadian Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said .
Descender
The part of the letters that extends below the baseline .
Definition : The portion of some lowercase letters , such as g and y , that extends or descends below the baseline is the descender . The length and shape of the descender can affect readability of lines of type and is an identifying factor for some typefaces .
The descenders of some letters may touch or almost touch letters in the line below causing awkward or distracting patterns . This is most likely to happen or be obvious when a line of text with long descenders is above a line of text with tall ascenders and capital letters . Some solutions include : Increase the leading ( line spacing ) between lines of type ; Choose a different typeface ; For headlines and subheads , some careful editing/re-wording can eliminate the problem ; Changing the alignment of the text may also help .
Also Known As : extender , tail , loop
In typography , a descender is the portion of a letter in a Latin alphabet that extends below the baseline of a font .
For example , in the letter y , the descender would be the “ tail , ” or that portion of the diagonal line which lies below the v created by the two lines converging . In the letter p at right , it is the stem reaching down past the o .
In most fonts , descenders are reserved for lowercase characters such as g , j , q , p , and y . Some fonts , however , also use descenders for some numerals ( typically 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 9 ) . Such numerals are called old-style numerals . ( Some italic fonts , such as Computer Modern italic , put a descender on the numeral 4 but not on any other numerals . Such fonts are not considered old-style . ) Some fonts also use descenders for the tails on a few uppercase letters such as J and Q .
The parts of characters that extend above the x-height of a font are called ascenders .
the part of a lowercase letter ( as p ) that descends below the main body of the letter ; also : a letter that has such a part
Guard Matt Rotheram ( pictured ) and defensive tackle Christian Ringo both had their salaries bumped up to a base level of $ 435,000 , which means they will receive weekly checks of $ 25,588 instead of the $ 6,600 they previously earned . Credit : Mark Hoffman
By of the
Green Bay— The Green Bay Packers apparently have high hopes for a pair of their practice-squad players .
Guard Matt Rotheram and defensive tackle Christian Ringo both had their salaries bumped up to a base level of $ 435,000 , which means they will receive weekly checks of $ 25,588 instead of the $ 6,600 they previously earned .
Typically , the Packers give that type of raise — which brings both players to the rookie minimum — when another team offers the player a spot on its 53-man roster .
The Packers ' only recourse is to offer the same amount he would make if he were on the 53-man roster and hope he wants to continue as a member of the practice squad . The benefit to the player is that he can remain in a system he knows with coaching staff that knows him .
Rotheram , a 6 foot 5 , 325-pound offensive lineman , was an undrafted free agent signed out of Pittsburgh . He did not survive the final roster cut of training camp , but the Packers moved quickly to get him on the practice squad .
His salary was adjusted Tuesday .
`` He 's like a freak , '' linebacker Jayrone Elliott said of Rotheram 's size . `` He 's improved a lot since training camp . I 'd say he 's played 90 % guard ( in practice ) . ''
Ringo was drafted by the Packers in the sixth round out of Louisiana-Lafayette . He is another player the organization liked but faced an uphill battle for a spot on the active roster . Ringo would have had to beat out Letroy Guion and Mike Pennel for a backup defensive tackle spot , and the Packers were n't ready to make that move after training camp .
At 6 foot 1 and 298 pounds , Ringo has been impressive in practice . His bump in pay was effective Nov. 13 .
`` He 's like the captain of the scout team , '' Elliott said . `` The guy never wants to come off the field . ''
One at a time : PATs used to be a non-story .
But this year , kicker Mason Crosby is 28 for 28 in point-after-touchdown attempts , and that 's notable because kickers all around the league are missing from a longer distance this year . It 's making games closer , and in some cases the misses are coming from kickers who are otherwise extremely reliable .
For Crosby , the move back to 33 yards on extra points has been a nonissue , even though the kick is more challenging .
`` A 33-yard 'field goal ' is considerably more difficult than a 20-yard field goal , '' said Crosby 's holder , Tim Masthay . `` PATs are more difficult than they used to be .
`` Mason has just been excellent . He 's been perfect . ''
To get there , they have worked on the new distance ; this is n't happening by a stroke of good luck .
Crosby laughed .
`` I do n't think I 'd call it luck — not right now , '' Crosby said . `` We work on kicks ( from ) 40 and in a ton . That 's just another kick . It 's a preparation thing . It 's like every other kick . ''
Crosby is 19 of 22 on field goals as well . He said the snap , hold and protection have been solid all year , and that 's led to his 86.4 % conversion rate on field goals , as well as the perfect PAT percentage .
`` It has been an interesting rule change , '' Crosby said . `` Guys that have been automatic on field goals this year have actually missed a couple extra points .
`` You can tell guys are trying to move the ball around , putting the ball on different hashes , wherever they feel comfortable hitting the normal kick from . For us it 's just footing .
`` We just look , and if the ground just gets chewed up in the middle of the field , we just kind of move around . That 's all just a game-time decision . ''
Shields embracing challenge : In Green Bay 's last game , cornerback Sam Shieldsproved he could play well one-on-one against one of the top receivers in the NFL , Detroit 's Calvin Johnson .
Looking ahead to the four remaining games of the regular season , Shield expects to continue that role — to shadow the opponent 's best receiver : Dez Bryant from Dallas , Amari Cooper from Oakland and Larry Fitzgerald from Arizona .
Bryant has been limited with foot and knee injuries , but he still has the respect of Shields .
`` You 've got to play him like he 's not hurt because you never know , '' Shields said . `` Everybody can still play when they 're hurt , and he 's one of them .
`` My main thing is it 's just one-on-one . It 's good against good . He 's going to catch some , I 'm going to make some plays . That 's how it 's going to go throughout the game . My main thing is being focused on my job each and every down and just playing one-on-one football .
Injury report : Center Corey Linsley ( ankle ) and linebacker Nick Perry ( shoulder ) did not practice Thursday . It was the second missed practice of the week for Linsley .
Tackle Bryan Bulaga ( ankle ) , guard T.J. Lang ( shoulder ) , linebacker Clay Matthews ( ankle ) , wide receiver Ty Montgomery ( ankle ) and guard Josh Sitton ( back ) were limited participants .
Tackle David Bakhtiari ( knee ) and cornerback Damarious Randall ( hamstring ) were full participants .
Michael Cohen of the Journal Sentinel staff contributed to this report .
The FBI has obtained a warrant to begin searching newly discovered emails belonging to Huma Abedin , a top aide of Hillary Clinton .
Agents are attempting to examine as many of the emails as possible before election day on November 8 . However the fact that there are 650,000 emails has led to fears that the new investigation could last weeks , and , if Mrs Clinton wins the election , hamper the early part of her presidency .
“ The process has begun , ” a federal law enforcement official said .
Emboldened by the latest scandal to engulf the Democratic presidential nominee , Donald Trump now has a possible path to victory next week and has been targeting Democratic states . Mrs Clinton now leads by just a point in the latest Washington Post/ABC poll - she had enjoyed a 12-point margin last week .
The new emails were discovered on a device seized during an unrelated underage sexting investigation into former New York congressman Anthony Weiner , who is Ms Abedin 's estranged husband .
It remains unclear what connection , if any , the newly discovered emails might have to the Clinton email investigation .
Harry Reid , the Senate Democratic leader , last night accused James Comey , the FBI director , of possibly breaking federal law by announcing the new steps in the email investigation so close to the election .
“ Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information , with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another , ” Mr Reid wrote in a letter to Mr Comey .
5.55pm : Assange 's lawyer , Mark Stephens , has just made this statement about the Swedish prosecutor – who was the subject of much of the testimony heard today in court :
I challenge you Marianne Ny , come to London , come on Friday , subject yourself to the cross-examination of Geoffrey Robertson
Stephens said Ny had been ready to feed the media with stories but not to speak for herself in court .
Standing outside the court Assange made a similar point about the prosecutor 's absence from the hearing . He said :
It 's been a long day . What we have seen is process abuse after process abuse being revealed hour after hour . What we have not seen yet is the Swedish prosecutor at these proceedings .
He also asked `` Where is the equality ? '' and said the `` unlimited budget of Sweden and the UK '' had been on display in the case to extradite him .
5.30pm : An end-of-day summary :
• The hearing has over-run and will resume on Friday at 10.30am .
• Julian Assange 's Swedish lawyer , Björn Hurtig , admitted he had made a mistake when he said it was five weeks before Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny said she wanted to interview the WikiLeaks founder . He said texts he discovered yesterday showed it was three .
• Hurtig accused prosecutors of leaking details of the case to the media , specifically telling a Swedish newspaper Assange was suspected of rape .
• Sven-Erik Alhem , a retired Swedish prosecutor , said Ny should have allowed Assange to give his version of events before issuing an arrest warrant . He also said she should not have confirmed his name when it was put to her by the media .
• Clare Montgomery QC , representing the Swedish prosecutor , said Assange must have been aware of the intention to interview him . Alhem said Ny was not wrong to issue a European arrest warrant , but he would have sought to interview him in the UK first .
• Hurtig said Assange had been difficult to contact in mid to late September as he had gone into hiding , following what were described as `` death threats '' from some US politicians .
5.05pm : The court has now adjourned ( Hurtig needed to catch a flight home ) . Closing arguments are set for 10.30am on Friday .
5pm : Robertson on the timing of Ny 's interview request :
Robertson : Ny suggested I'viewing JA on 28 sept - 4 weeks after took over case , 5 1/2 weeks after alleged offences esther addley
estheraddley
Under cross-examination from Robertson , Hurtig has described his error on the date of the Swedish prosecutor 's request as `` embarrassing '' . He said he had made sure to mention it so his evidence was correct .
4.55pm : Montgomery has finished and now Robertson , Assange 's QC , returns to cross-examine Hurtig .
4.50pm : Montgomery and Hurtig are now disputing whether a DNA test was needed and whether it was necessary for Assange to be in Sweden if one was .
4.40pm : Hurtig ( BH ) admits he was mistaken when he said Ny had waited five weeks to interview Assange ( JA ) – he tells the court it was three :
BH admits made error in statement , to JA 's favour , that suggested Ny had not tried to I'view JA B4 left sweden on 27/9/10 esther addley
estheraddley
He tells the court that he found the texts from Ny yesterday and is correcting the record today . He says he is busy and has many clients . ( He has also said it is possible there were texts between him and Ny he ca n't remember . )
4.35pm : Montgomery first asks Hurtig if he attempted to contact Assange on 27 September after he was told about the Swedish prosecutor 's intention to arrest him . He says he made attempts to contact him . She then asks if it was possible he flew out of Sweden that day after Hurtig told him about the possibility of arrest . Hurtig replies `` No '' . ( Hurtig said the prosecutor has authorised Assange to leave Sweden in a phone conversation on 15 September . )
4.15pm : Back after the 10 minute break , Montgomery is asking Hurtig why he failed to contact Assange ( JA ) when Ny said she had wanted to speak to him :
Montgomery still Xexamining : why cdnt u reach JA ? Did u text him ? leave a message ? Hurtig : I assume so , do n't recall esther addley
estheraddley
Hurtig says that it is important to bear in mind that Assange was diffcult to get hold of in mid to late September ( see 2.50pm ) .
4.10pm : The judge is talking about extending the hearing to March , which means that it wo n't finish today ( Hurtig 's evidence is still continuing this afternoon ) .
3.57pm : The court has broken for 10 minutes to allow Hurtig to check his records .
3.55pm : Hurtig is now being cross-examined by Montgomery ( representing the Swedish prosecutor ) . There is some dispute over the exact wording of a text from 22 September and she asks him to get his phone out and check the sent folder . He does , but says that his sent messages are n't saved that far back . She then asks him to check two in his inbox from that time .
3.30pm : Hurtig 's summary of his contacts with Ny , some of which were by text message , has broadened out to some of the other details of the case . He says he had concluded the police were leaking plans to interview Assange to the press ( which he describes as `` appalling '' ) and that he had seen text messages from woman B where she describes herself as `` half-asleep '' when Assange began to have sex with her without a condom .
Hurtig says he thought carefully about coming to the Belmarsh hearing because of the confidential nature of this material .
2.50pm : Hurtig ( BH ) says Assange ( JA ) was at one point difficult to get hold of because he was in hiding following the pronouncements of some US politicians .
BH : thanks to 'death threats ' fm US politicians JA was 'worried ' ( mid sept ) 'and he could be difficult to get hold of ' esther addley
estheraddley
Assange 's lawyer is also disputing the date when he was told by Ny of her intention to prosecute .
2.35pm : The hearing has resumed after lunch with the continuation of testimony from Björn Hurtig , Assange 's Swedish lawyer . He is going through the chronology of his contacts with Marianne Ny , the Swedish prosecutor , under questioning from Assange QC Geoffrey Robertson .
1.40pm : Here is Esther Addley with a lunchtime audio report on the main event so far today , the appearance of defence witness Sven Erik Alhem , a retired Swedish prosecutor .
Here are the main points :
• Alhem said he had no interest in the case 's outcome , just that Swedish justice was done and seen to be done .
• He said Marianne Ny , the Swedish prosecutor , should not have confirmed Assange 's name when the media put it to her .
• He said Assange had not had the opportunity to put forward his side of the case before the arrest warrant was issued .
• Clare Montgomery QC , representing the Swedish prosecution , said Alhem only knew what he had been told by Assange 's lawyers and took him through Ny 's account of her attempts to interview Assange .
• He said based on his understanding of the case it was not wrong to issue a European arrest warrant against Assange , but he would have attempted to interview him in the UK first .
1.20pm : The court has broken for lunch . Shortly before , Robertson was running through Hurtig 's version of events – the court has already been told there are differences with Ny 's chronology .
Hurtig is told he ca n't speak to anyone during the break .
1.15pm : Hurtig has said that within a couple of hours of the Assange allegations being made on 20 August , there were 2-3m search returns online linking the WikiLeaks founder to rape .
1.05pm : The next witness is Assange 's Swedish lawyer , Björn Hurtig ( BH ) , who is being cross-examined by Geoffrey Robertson QC ( GR ) for the defence .
GR taking Hurtig through sheaf of docs relating to Svea appeal court . Submissions and judgement all in writing # assange esther addley
estheraddley
He is also questioned on the possibilty of public trials for rape defendents in Sweden . He says he acted for very high profile rape defendent in 2004-05 with much media attention . He says he asked for a public trial but was denied .
In answer to a further question , he says there is no way he can protect his client from prejudical media coverage .
12.35pm : After some short questioning , Alhem is discharged with thanks from the judge for `` coming all this way '' . The court then rises for a short break .
12.25pm : Alhem says he believes it would be impossible for Assange to be extradited from Sweden to the US without a media storm . He says he is speaking not as an expert in extradition law but as a social commentator .
He tells the judge he is tired because he has been up since 4am but wishes to continue because he is enjoying the atmosphere .
Jones , Assange 's junior counsel , will now return to questioning Alhem .
12.10pm : Montgomery asks Alhem to not give `` long lectures '' in his answers ; Alhem replies that he will answer `` in my way '' . There is also an exchange on whether Ny was right to issue a European arrest warrant – see Esther Addley 's tweet below for the retired Swedish prosecutor 's answer :
Q : given her statement it was reasonable for Ms Ny to issue EAW ? A . Certainly . Q and lawful ? A quite right . No doubt about that esther addley
estheraddley
Alhem though adds that he would have tried harder to interview Assange in the UK ( see also 12pm ) .
12.00pm : Montgomery asks Alhem if he was the prosecutor in this case if he had issued a European arrest warrant . Alhem says he would have detained Assange from the beginning .
He also says he would have interviewed Assange in the UK with a Swedish police officer present .
11.55am : Montgomery is reading from Ny 's statement a chronology of her attempts to interview Assange in September and October last year .
11.45am : Montgomery has told Mark Stephens ' , Assange 's lawyer , to `` sit down '' .
11.40am : Under cross-examination from Montgomery , Alhem says of Assange that if he was `` in his shoes '' he would have gone to Sweden immediately to clear his name .
11.30am : Clare Montgomery , QC for the Crown , is now cross-examining Alhem .
11.15am : Alhem is taking questions on procedural issues in Swedish prosecutions . He says it is a `` golden rule '' that a suspect is allowed to know what he or she is accused of before a prosecution can be brought . He also says there is no reason why Assange could not be questioned in the UK .
11.05am : Alhem is being asked about the conduct of the Swedish prosecutor , Marianne Ny . He says it was `` completely against proper procedure '' for her to confirm Assange 's name to the media . He also queries the use of `` accused '' in the documents , saying `` suspect '' is a better word .
Earlier Alhem had said he had no interest in the outcome of the case . Only that `` justice be done and be seen to be done '' . He said he can not be `` bought for money '' – a response to some critics in Sweden .
10.50am : The hearing has resumed . Assange 's junior counsel , John Jones , is questioning defence witness Sven Erik Alhem , a retired Swedish prosecutor ( now legal commentator ) . Alhem says he was critical of the handling of the case before Assange 's lawyers contacted him .
10.25am : Esther Addley tweets the following :
Some legal experts think unlikely we 'll get judgement 2day , # assange team say they do n't know . Crown said the yest unlikely esther addley
estheraddley
You can follow all her tweets from Belmarsh at @ estheraddley
10am : Day two of Julian Assange 's extradition hearing .
Assange and his legal team have arrived at Belmarsh magistrates ' court , and so too have his supporters . The hearing is scheduled to begin at 10.30am .
Yesterday , the defence and prosecuting QCs made their opening arguments . Assange 's QC , Geoffrey Robertson , said his client would not get a fair trial in Sweden and called on a witness , retired Swedish judge Brita Sundberg-Weitman , who said the Swedish prosecutor had `` a rather biased view against men in the treatment of of sexual offence cases '' .
Clare Montgomery QC , representing the Swedish prosecutor , said the allegations against Assange would be offences under English law and she should be extradited . She also said the Swedish prosecutor intends to prosecute . A key defence argument , made again yesterday , is that extradition can not be for the purposes of questioning .
Esther Addley / @ estheraddley will be in the court again , supplying tweets and telephone reports . You can read her full report from yesterday here ( excerpt below ) .
In caustic evidence on the first day of the two-day hearing , Brita Sundberg-Weitman , a former appeal court judge , told Belmarsh magistrates court that Sweden 's chief prosecutor , Marianne Ny , who is seeking the WikiLeaks founder 's extradition , `` has a rather biased view against men '' . `` I ca n't understand her attitude here . It looks malicious , '' she said . Geoffrey Robertson QC , acting for Assange , asked if it was her view that Ny wanted `` to get [ Assange ] into her clutches and then arrest him no matter what ? '' `` Yes '' said Sundberg-Weitman . `` It might be her attitude to have the man arrested and maybe let him suffer for a few weeks to have him softer [ for interrogation ] '' [ ... ] [ ... ] Under cross-examination by Clare Montgomery QC , for the Swedish government , however , Sundberg-Weitman admitted she had no personal knowledge of the conduct of the prosecutor in the case , basing her views instead on what she had been told .
He denies all the allegations and has not been charged .
• This report is compiled by Simon Jeffery at the Guardian based on the Twitter feed of Esther Addley at Belmarsh magistrates ' court
Donald Trump seems eager to flatter the National Rifle Association 's executive vice-president and CEO , once described as the ‘ craziest man on earth '
Four years ago , Wayne LaPierre 's face was plastered across New York 's tabloid covers as a “ gun nut ” and a “ loon ” . His refusal to admit gun laws had anything to do with the Sandy Hook school massacre earned him the title of the “ craziest man on earth ” .
Today , LaPierre sits at the left hand of the president . Trump seems eager to flatter the National Rifle Association 's executive vice-president and CEO , the leader of the group that became one of his most loyal champions and spent more than $ 30m to back his candidacy .
NRA cheers nomination of Neil Gorsuch , seen as gun rights defender Read more
In his second week as president , Trump called LaPierre to the White House for a special meeting of conservative leaders . Securing a new supreme court nominee who would guard the court 's favorable rulings on gun rights had been the NRA 's highest election priority , and Trump had just delivered it .
The president asked LaPierre to introduce himself . “ Wayne , I would say they know you , ” said Trump , referring to the group of conservative leaders . “ Perhaps they know you better than they know me . ”
LaPierre laughed , as did others around the room . “ I doubt that , ” he said .
The photograph of LaPierre and Trump turned towards each other , the president eagle-eyed and benevolent , LaPierre 's face scrunched in a wide grin , is already being used by gun violence prevention groups as a fundraising tool .
Trump has promised to support a sweeping pro-gun agenda , and the NRA has told its members that it 's finally time for the group “ to go on offense ” . But LaPierre 's ascendancy marks more than a shift towards ever looser gun laws . It 's a triumph for the political strategy that LaPierre perfected , one that has frequently been derided as extreme and paranoid .
Trump won the White House , and is now governing the country , using the same playbook as LaPierre : always attack , never apologize and treat the news media as the opposition party .
“ If you want to understand some of the approach and personality of Donald Trump , I think you look at what Wayne LaPierre has been doing for a long time . He 's a little bit of a test run of what Trump been doing , ” said Arkadi Gerney , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and longtime gun control advocate .
Asked what Trump and LaPierre have most in common , Gerney said , simply : “ Lying . ”
LaPierre 's spokesman , Andrew Arulanandam , declined to comment . The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the president 's relationship with the NRA .
LaPierre and other NRA leaders have long argued , even as the gun control movement has set increasingly modest aims , that Democrats ' real goal is confiscation of Americans ' firearms . LaPierre claimed that a narrow expansion of background check laws after Sandy Hook would be turned into a national registry of gun owners , something that is prohibited by federal law , and that the final background check legislation explicitly said it would not do .
“ The gun lobby and its allies willfully lied about the bill , ” a furious Barack Obama said after the legislation failed to advance in the Senate . “ They claimed that it would create some sort of ‘ big brother ' gun registry , even though the bill did the opposite . This legislation , in fact , outlawed any registry . Plain and simple , right there in the text . But that did n't matter . ”
LaPierre 's antagonism towards the mainstream media and liberal politicians is rooted in some real failings . News reporting on American gun politics is sometimes marked by condescension of and ignorance towards gun owners .
Democrats have continued to champion some anti-gun measures that have little evidence behind them . The assault weapon ban , for instance , is a symbolic policy that even a senior Obama administration admitted would be unlikely to save many lives .
But for decades , LaPierre has also pushed an apocalyptic view of the United States as besieged by terrorists and violent criminals . Trump and his administration have embraced a similar dark vision of “ American carnage ” , which runs counter to crime data that show decades of increasing safety and declining violence . Trump has seized on a real recent uptick in murders as a devastating development . His new attorney general suggested this week , to the astonishment of America 's crime experts , that he believes the increase is a “ dangerous permanent trend ” .
Like Trump , LaPierre has been criticized by liberals as a power-player who rakes in millions by fearmongering and railing against the establishment . Both men have been painted by the left as manipulators who fail to represent the true interests of their base , a view undermined by their continued popularity .
When confronted with the dark side of America 's gun culture , LaPierre has gone on the offensive . Days after the Sandy Hook shooting in December 2012 , which left 26 students and educators dead , LaPierre 's combative pro-gun press conference was widely derided as tone deaf and out of touch . In response to 20 first-graders being shot to death by a disturbed young man with a military-style rifle , LaPierre denied that guns were the problem . “ The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , ” he told a room packed with reporters .
LaPierre slammed “ our nation 's refusal to create an active national database of the mentally ill ” , and put the blame for the shooting on violent video games and Hollywood films , not the easy access to guns by deeply disturbed young men . To respond to the country 's mass shooting problem , he proposed a program to put armed police officers in every school in America .
LaPierre almost dared the room of reporters to respond to his speech with “ shocking headlines ” , and they did . One Republican commentator called the speech “ very haunting and very disturbing ” . Chris Christie , then a potential Republican presidential contender , told a reporter : “ I do n't necessarily think having an armed guard outside every classroom is conducive to a positive learning environment. ” Billionaire gun control advocate Michael Bloomberg slammed LaPierre for offering a “ paranoid , dystopian vision of a more dangerous and violent America where everyone is armed and no place is safe ” .
Despite the political fallout from this speech , the NRA would ultimately win out in the battle to block new federal gun control laws after Sandy Hook – a victory that cemented the group 's political influence , and its status as one of the most hated organizations for the left .
Over the next years , despite a steady drumbeat of mass shootings , Congress refused to pass any new gun control legislation . Obama would continue to call out the NRA for pushing “ conspiracy ” and “ the imaginary fiction in which Obama 's trying to take away your guns ” , as he put it in 2016 . He told a CNN town hall that year that he had repeatedly invited the NRA to speak with him , “ but the conversation has to be based on facts and truth ” . The NRA had simply declined to participate in the televised conversation about guns in America .
Under previous Republican presidents , the NRA had been in the good graces of the White House . In 2000 , an NRA official claimed that the group was so close with George W Bush that if he won , “ we 'll have a president where we work out of their office – unbelievably friendly relations . ”
But LaPierre 's fierce anti-government rhetoric has at times alienated some Republican leaders . In 1995 LaPierre sent out a fundraising letter about the threat of “ jack-booted government thugs ” , a letter that came shortly before anti-government extremists carried out a terror attack in Oklahoma City . In response , former President George HW Bush publicly resigned from the NRA .
“ Your broadside against federal agents deeply offends my own sense of decency and honor ; and it offends my concept of service to country , ” the elder Bush wrote . “ It indirectly slanders a wide array of government law enforcement officials , who are out there , day and night , laying their lives on the line for all of us . ”
LaPierre later apologized , saying the words were misunderstood .
With Trump , the NRA is once again celebrating the optics of being a key ally of the White House . Trump came to the presidential campaign with little record as a gun rights champion . He once supported a ban on assault weapons . But NRA leaders endorsed him early , and stood with him through a careening candidacy that included his claim that “ second amendment people ” might be able to stop Hillary Clinton from appointing supreme court judges if she were elected , an offhand comment widely interpreted as a threat of violence or assassination .
“ We saw through the media deception , and recognized him for who he was : the most openly pro-second amendment presidential candidate in history , ” LaPierre said in a recent video address to members .
Gays Against Guns : can LGBTQ community curb the gun lobby ? Read more
“ They made a bet on an extreme candidate , and it paid off , ” Gerney said .
Gun control advocates are now sharing the photograph of LaPierre in the White House to rally their supporters for the coming fight over more expanded , permissive gun laws . After Sandy Hook , LaPierre “ lied to the faces of grieving Americans and tried to convince them that the only thing capable of keeping them safe is a gun ” , Senator Chris Murphy , a Connecticut Democrat and one of Congress 's most vocal gun control supporters , said in a statement . “ That has never been true and it will never be true .
“ When you exaggerate and you mislead people and you fearmonger and you intensify people 's beliefs and divide people , ” that strategy “ may overwhelm a more disorganized , better-informed majority perspective ” , said Gerney , the longtime gun control advocate .
“ But , at some point , if the more diverse majority coalition can coalesce , then you may have discredited yourself from being at the table . ”
Image caption Disney 's move is part of a growing campaign to fight child obesity in America
US media giant Walt Disney has said it will ban junk food ads on its TV , radio and online programmes .
The firm , which also runs famous theme parks , said it was setting new nutrition standards to tackle America 's growing problem of child obesity .
US First Lady Michelle Obama described the initiative as a `` game changer '' .
However , the new rules will not come into effect until 2015 , and much will depend on how Disney defines junk food , correspondents say .
Makers of junk food and sugary drinks spend about $ 1bn ( £650m ) a year on commercials directed at children under 12 years .
Scepticism
Disney said that any cereals with 10 grams or more of sugar per serving or a full meal with more than 600 calories would not be advertised .
Sugary drinks and high sodium products would also be off the air , the company said .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Michelle Obama said Disney was changing its business model to tackle obesity
CEO Bob Iger acknowledged there might be a short-term dip in advertising revenue , but added that the company would adjust and create new products that meet standards .
Mrs Obama , an active campaigner to curb child obesity , welcomed the plan .
`` Just a few years ago if you had told me or any other mom or dad in America that our kids would n't see a single ad for junk food while they watched their favourite cartoons on a major TV network , we would n't have believed you , '' she was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Recent studies have shown that almost a third of America 's children are overweight or obese .
Inevitably , there is scepticism about Disney 's move , the BBC 's Paul Adams in Washington reports .
Still , it is all part of a growing campaign to fight obesity , our correspondent adds .
Last week , in the first move of its kind by an American city , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg proposed a ban sales of super-sized sugary drinks in restaurants , delis , cinemas and sports arenas .
Illinois Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth is shooting for a seat in the Senate and touting her record with veterans , but while she served as a Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) official , her office wasted $ 5.2 million dollars in a single contract .
The Senate confirmed Duckworth as assistant secretary of the Office of Public and Intergovernmental Affairs ( OPIA ) at the VA April 22 , 2009 . She served from April to June , 2011 , when she resigned to run for a House seat .
After Duckworth left , the inspector general produced a report in 2014 that found OPIA blew $ 5.2 million on a contract for “ services that lacked a specific connection to VA 's strategic outreach objectives , ” and despite OPIA 's best efforts , the office could not prove that Woodpile 's outreach campaigns “ yielded any increases in the use of VA healthcare , benefits , or services by veterans . ”
During Duckworth 's tenure , a memo from Jan. 11 , 2010 , stated that OPIA needed a contractor to take on the task of a rebranding campaign , as no one on staff had the ability or expertise . In July of that same year , OPIA handed Woodpile a $ 5.2 million contract for “ outreach campaigns , ” but the inspector general report found numerous invoices that did not “ clearly link to accomplishment of VA outreach goals . ”
OPIA did not implement any performance metrics to assess the effectiveness of Woodpile 's work .
As the IG noted , “ This contract lacked specific deliverables and billings were based on a level of effort by labor category . For example , the deliverables included broad activities such as copyrighting , graphics support , and strategic consultation to be performed as needed with no required outputs . ”
Further , the VA sought out new contracts for outreach campaigns without taking a moment to assess whether the Woodpile contract was ever effective .
In response to these findings , OPIA protested that poor oversight was due to management turnover .
“ OPIA management indicated that the National Veterans Outreach program office had experienced significant employee turnover that contributed to ineffective oversight of the Woodpile contract from FY 2010 to FY 2013 , ” the report stated . “ For example , an OPIA program official stated that the vacant Assistant Secretary and Director for the National Outreach Office positions disrupted program continuity and the staff needed to effectively monitor the outreach services contracts were not put in place . ”
At the time the report was released in 2014 , the acting assistant secretary agreed with all the findings . But Duckworth was long gone by then , a fact that has n't gone unnoticed by GOP Sen. Mark Kirk 's campaign .
“ During a time when veterans desperately needed more doctors and nurses at the VA to address chronic and severe wait times for care , Duckworth instead wasted millions of taxpayer dollars on a failed marketing effort that did nothing to help veterans , ” Kevin Artl , Kirk For Senate campaign manager , told The Daily Caller News Foundation . “ This report outlines a continued pattern of Duckworth wasting taxpayer dollars and putting politics above veterans ' care . ”
Although this particular incident has not previously been reported on , other VA scandals involving Duckworth are far more public .
Duckworth formerly served as head of the Illinois VA and has had to face a seven-year-long lawsuit alleging retaliation against whistleblowers . The trial date is set before the polls open in November and could decisively shift the outcome of the election .
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
It 's probably impossible to find a bagel-lover in Australia who is not familiar with a bagel from Glick 's . Australians love the family-owned bakery founded by the Melburnian Mendel Glick almost 50 years ago , which has been serving up traditional European baking traditions and recipes ever since .
This weekend Melbourne said goodbye to the iconic 92-year-old baker . His story is an example of human resilience and zest for life .
He shared some of his incredible life story with Russian-Australian blogger and writer Sarah Rivkah-Bendetsky in 2014 . With her permission we have republished it again here .
Each time I walk into the Glick 's shop on Carlisle St , I wonder if I am lucky enough for Mr Mendel Glick to be around . Today , he is .
Dressed in a white shirt and a white yarmulke , he is always busy – shaping another challah loaf or removing bones from herring – like a jeweller faceting a diamond .
Challah bread recipe According to the Torah , when ancient Israelites travelled for 40 years in the desert , they were fed manna , or ‘ bread from heaven ' , which rained down each day . On Shabbat ( Saturday ) no manna came , and so a double portion was granted on the Friday instead . Hence , meals during Shabbat begin with a blessing over two loaves of challah .
The iconic Melbourne baker and the founder of the Glick 's Cakes & Bagels chain recently celebrated his 91st birthday .
Before coming to Australia , he left behind six concentration camps including the notorious Auschwitz and Buchenwald . He lost both parents and nine siblings .
He barely survived . Yet , despite these unbearable personal tragedies , Mr Glick managed to start a new life in Australia and recreate his own dynasty with his wife Chaya .
A proud father of nine and grandfather to over 120 grandchildren , [ editor 's note : in 2017 , he is survived by over 170 grandchildren , great-grandchildren and great-great grandchildren he continues to bake the best bagels in town , while inspiring everyone around him .
We sit inside the Balaclava-based Glick 's cafe on Carlisle street on a warm autumn afternoon . Mr Glick looks out the window for a minute . He looks at passers-by and trams , Yeshivah students and young mothers with prams… He concentrates . And then he starts his story .
`` The very fact that we are able to talk in this café today is a pure miracle ''
`` The very fact that we are able to talk in this café today is a pure miracle , '' says Mr Glick . `` I was n't meant to survive in Buchenwald . ''
Buchenwald was one of the largest Nazi-run concentration camps within Germany during World War II , located on Etter Mountain , near Weimar .
`` There we slept in barracks on the floor , 300 people or more , without any pillows or blankets , '' says Mr Glick .
He shares the tale of the time he had a very close encounter with death .
`` Once , I woke up from terrible pain caused by a strange insect bite , '' he says .
`` My leg got very swollen , so I decided to see a doctor , whose office was located just a few doors away from the double crematorium , which never stopped working . ''
`` It did n't scare me . In fact , it did n't scare anyone at that stage .
`` There were quite a few people before me in line to be checked . I begged God to make time go quicker .
`` A trolley full of corpses stood next to the backdoor , metres away from the crematorium . ''
`` The pain was getting worse . Suddenly , when just one patient was in front of me , two German security soldiers entered the building to pick up the doctor – it was time for lunch .
`` Before leaving his office , the doctor said that he was going to come back in half an hour , and therefore , we should wait .
`` I decided to stay . The other patient asked me what my issue was . I showed him my swollen leg .
`` Then he said that there was no point in wasting my time and I should rather go back and walk more since walking helps reduce swelling .
`` I nodded without the intention to go back . Instead , I decided to walk around the building while waiting for the doctor to return .
`` I realised how much God loves me . ''
`` I walked and walked , when suddenly I saw a twenty-centimetre gap in the fence revealing the doctor 's office backyard .
`` A trolley full of corpses stood next to the backdoor , metres away from the crematorium .
`` I quickly understood what was going on and hobbled back into the barracks . Later on , I found out that very doctor used one treatment against all illnesses – a deadly needle killing a person within seconds . ''
Pictured : the crematoriums in the German concentration camp at Weimar ( Buchenwald ) after liberation in 1945 . The bones of prisoners can still be seen inside
Mr Glick said it was then that , `` I realised how much God loves me . ''
While he may have survived that close call , when the war came to an end , Glick was almost close to death again .
`` When the Americans liberated Buchenwald in 1945 , I was a living skeleton , just like everyone else , '' says Mr Glick .
`` I still remember an American soldier picking me up and taking me outside . I could n't walk on my own . ''
Mr Glick recalls his slow path to recovery . `` While in the hospital , I was n't allowed food to avoid sudden death from overeating , '' he says .
`` Just a tablespoon of warm water every half hour and a lump of sugar was all I could eat . ''
`` I still remember its taste in my mouth .
`` Slowly , as I began to recover , my doctor said that in order to speed up the process I had to start walking , since the human body requires motion in order to survive . I listened to him and adapted this attitude to this day . ''
`` I was 'promoted ' to work in the kitchen , which I liked most . ''
After the war , Glick began to rebuild his life again .
`` I started to work at the American military base not far away from Buchenwald . I cleaned their bedrooms , polished their shoes , and then I was 'promoted ' to work in the kitchen , which I liked most . ''
Mr Glick sighs as he remembers , `` In a way , it reminded me of our home in Poland , where my parents had their own dairy business and made cheese . ''
It was an experience that would prove invaluable for his future life in Australia .
`` Working at the military kitchen helped me to learn the basics of the catering business I applied in future , '' says Mr Glick . `` It was a useful experience . ''
So what was it that prompted his move to Australia after the war ?
`` After the end of the war , every survivor was obliged to publish his contact details in local newspapers , and I did so , too , '' Glick explains . `` Later on , these details were published worldwide . ''
`` I had an aunt in Australia , who moved here before the war and she managed to find me and sent me the entrance papers . Then I bought the ticket and set out on the journey . ''
Once in Melbourne , Glick did n't open his bakery straight away . `` Not at all , '' says Glick . `` It was a dream I cherished but I had no money to make it happen . ''
`` So , I became a cleaner - setting money aside to start my business . ''
`` And a few years later I finally opened my first Glick 's shop on Carlisle Street , where we are sitting right now . ''
`` Other shops followed… My kids are managing those today . I prefer this shop . ''
`` Why would I [ ever take a holiday ] ? I have the job I love. ``
Glick 's bakery is now a chain , with three other stores in Melbourne and three in Sydney .
A variety of the legendary challah bread available at Glick 's bakery
This year you 've Glick 's bakery also gave its support to Jewish Care 's Annual Appeal by overprinting their iconic brown paper challah bags with the Appeal message and a quote from you Glick himself reading “ Nobody can do everything , but everybody can do something . ”
As to why he finds it 's important to assist those less fortunate , Glick says , `` I guess it 's in the blood . ''
`` Back in Poland , my mother always gave her dairy products to the poor free of charge .
`` I was a baby but I clearly remember that it was the right thing to do . It stayed with me for the rest of my life .
`` What can I say , I am a happy man ! ''
`` And today , no matter how advanced the world is , there are still many people who need assistance , be it money , a piece of bread , or a kind word .
`` Even if it 's impossible to answer every person 's need , we can all still do something to improve someone 's life .
`` And this is the message I wanted to pass on , hence , it 's written on Glick 's bags . ''
`` While Mr Glick is now in his 90s , he 's still showing no signs of slowing down . There is a rumour that he never takes a holiday . I ask him if this is true .
`` Yes , it is , '' answers Mr Glick with a smile .
`` Why would I ? I have the job I love . And I have regular time to rest on Shabbos and Yom Tov . ''
`` What can I say , I am a happy man ! ''
See the original article here .
One of the real breakout comics of 2013 was Bandette , from the husband and wife team Colleen Coover and Paul Tobin . A digital comic that is creator-owned and sold by Monkeybrain for only 99¢ , the tale of young Parisian cat-thief Bandette and her team of accessories has been a hit both creatively and commercially . Awarded the Eisner Award for best digital comic , while nominated in three other categories , Bandette is a great example of the digital first/print second phenomenon in comics , with the first five issues released in hardback form by Dark Horse last November . Coover and Tobin , both of whom have long and esteemed resumes in comics where very kind to submit to an interview from me , to catch up on how things have gone for them and the title since the big Eisner win at Comic-Con in San Diego .
BRUCE : I got to speak with you guys in San Diego the day before the Eisners . How did it feel to win for Bandette , and has the award changed how people perceive you and your work ? Did it have a noticeable effect on Bandette sales ?
PAUL : It felt strange to win an Eisner . There was a moment after the announcement when I just froze in confusion , and then I apparently teleported up onto the stage , and it really was n't until I was looking at Colleen that I understood we had won . Luckily , even while still on stage I was able to reflect how wonderful , and how rare , it is to be holding an Eisner in my hands , and watching my wife accept an Eisner as well . And it 's definitely heightened awareness ( and sales ) of my other works , and of course Bandette itself . It 's just great that of the four nominations , we won the first one announced , because that allowed us to be truly happy for our friends when they won . Our friend Chris Samnee winning best artist over Colleen ? No problem , because we already have an Eisner on the table !
COLLEEN : The euphoria really was heady . The only drawback , if it can be called a drawback , is that since winning the award , I 've felt an added sense of responsibility about making Bandette even more awesome . It 's like , “ Okay , you 've given us this thing and we like it , here 's your reward . Now what else have you got ? ” I should say that this sort of inner dialog is all part of the necessary balance between swagger and self-doubt every creative professional must have in order to keep motivated .
BRUCE . You guys are such a great example of the digital first-print second phenomenon with the release of the Bandette hardcover in November . How has that experience been ? Are you happy with the reception of the hardcover , critically and commercially ?
PAUL : Definitely happy . We chose Dark Horse because they 'd done such a fantastic job on the Bucko hardcover by our friends Erika Moen and Jeff Parker , and they did an equally great job with Bandette . We wanted to make sure it looked like something that belonged on a shelf , or on display .
COLLEEN : Yeah , also , Dark Horse made it really clear that they wanted to be the print publisher for Bandette , and that they would work with us to make sure that it not only looked great , but came in at an affordable price point . I do n't know what the sales numbers are , but we hear from people every week who have picked up Bandette and love it !
BRUCE . While I 'm sure there is no way to know with certainly , but what is your impression of the hardcover purchasers ? Are they primarily the same audience as the digital purchasers , but now looking to own a tangible artifact ? Or is it a whole new audience that was not interested in the comics as digital purchases ?
PAUL : Both . We 've had plenty of readers contact us and say that they loved the digital comic so much that they were thrilled to have a hardcover , and then there were others who wrote to say how happy they were to have the hardcover , because reading comics digitally either did n't appeal to them or that they just did n't have access . I think it was the right way to go for us ; it 's not even a “ best of both worlds ” situation , because it 's “ both worlds ” straight up .
BRUCE : What have you guys learned from the hardcover experience so far ? Is there anything you might do differently next time ?
COLLEEN : Fortunately , Dark Horse has so much experience publishing good-looking books , all we had to do was sit back and make approvals . They were even able to accommodate a totally last-minute change I wanted to make to the frontispiece when I suddenly got the idea to put in a “ This book belongs to… ” bookplate .
PAUL : Really… we were quite happy . Sometimes the best thing to do is to relinquish a bit of control and let things happen . Of course , you can guide the process , and we certainly did that , because it still needs to feel like it 's “ yours ” at every step of the process .
BRUCE : Top Shelf just announced a program by which purchasers of select print titles can also get the digital version for a heavily discounted price . Is that something you might offer , or would it be too complicated with two different publishers , Monkeybrain and Dark Horse ?
PAUL : Individual issues of Bandette are already only 99 cents , so I think that 's pretty cheap !
COLLEEN : And yeah , it would be difficult contractually , since Monkeybrain holds exclusive digital rights and Dark Horse has the print rights . I do think it 's a very good business model to include ebooks with the sale of print titles .
BRUCE : Are there plans for a paperback version ? Do you have a longer term plan to release print versions for every 5 individual Bandettes ? Are you contracted to return to Dark Horse for future print releases or can you make new partnerships on a book by book basis ?
PAUL : We 've talked about a paperback version , but it 's not something we think it heavily needed . We worked really hard to produce not only a great looking hardcover , but to keep the price VERY low , so it 's a 144 page hardcover for only $ 14.99 , so a paperback is n't a pressing need . There will be more hardcovers up-coming , but I 'm not sure exactly how many issues will be in each one . Storylines will help determine that .
BRUCE : What kinds of things did you specifically do to keep costs down ? Do you have advice for other creators looking to convert digital properties to print ?
COLLEEN : That 's all secret Dark Horse economic jujitsu at work : Paper stock , book size , number of colors used to print certain pages– every little bit you can save without making it look like you 've held something back adds up .
BRUCE : The hardcover is beautifully printed , and the colors especially pop out from the page . Has the experience of seeing Bandette in print changed anything in your approach to the digital production ? Are you still wedded to the three panel page layout that you 've done so far with Bandette ?
PAUL : We love the three tier approach to comics , at least for this project , because it 's not only handy for digital , but also an homage to the comics we 're emulating to a certain degree… Tintin , for instance . And , it has such a clarity that I think it lends itself well to the stories .
COLLEEN : It ai n't broke , so I 'm not looking to fix anything !
BRUCE : I really enjoyed Colleen 's work on Batman '66 . How did it feel to work with Jeff Parker as writer after having done so much work with Paul ? Did you enjoy the experience of creating art for the Guided View style of digital comic , as you previously told me it would not work with Bandette ? Did it change your mind on that ?
PAUL : This question is not about me , and is therefore invalid .
COLLEEN : I 've worked more with Parker than with anyone other than Paul , back when we were doing stuff for X-Men : First Class , so it was a very familiar place to be . We work together in a totally different way from the way Paul and I work : Paul will present me with a complete script , and then he steps back and I draw it . With Parker , we 'll spend time hanging around in the studio , talking about old comics , and ideas for the story he 's going to write for me come out of that . When Jeff found out he was getting the Batman '66 jobs , we spent hours reminiscing about watching the TV show when we were kids in the 70s . A lot of the stories he 's written springboard directly off those conversations .
As for the enhanced view , Jonathan Case , who was the first artist on Batman '66 , and is also in our studio , did a lot of the legwork on figuring out how to make it happen without driving himself crazy , and I picked up some tips from him . For starters , we both drew our stories digitally , so that the little changes that happen in each panel match up precisely . The kicker is that no matter what additional “ action ” we put in the story for the digital product , there has to be a final printable version that makes sense when they publish the story in the comic . It 's a real storytelling challenge , and it was a ton of fun !
BRUCE : In San Diego you told me that a Pixar version of Bandette would be a dream come true . Have had any more thoughts or approaches to put Bandette in other media ? I believe there are Bandette T-shirts for sale , but merchandise could be a way to further monetize your digital property , I imagine ?
PAUL : So far we 've done very little on the merchandising front , mostly because we have n't had time to set everything up , but we do have some thoughts about Bandette in other media . I guess , for right now , we 're just trying to really get our own feet on the ground and establish Bandette , before we start looking to expand .
COLLEEN : Yeah , I set up some tees and mugs and phone cases on Café Press and on Zazzle , which is about the bare minimum of effort you can make to provide mech . Merchandizing is a lot of work , and requires monetary investment , so we 're going to wait and see what opportunities come up from people who do that sort of thing for a living , rather than try to do it ourselves . I 'm still very open to Pixar doing a Bandette film . Or really , any other studio .
BRUCE : I know Paul has the new Prometheus comic scheduled for release in June . I would assume Dark Horse is kind of feeling the heat in regards to licensed properties now that Star Wars is no longer theirs . How has the experience been so far ? It must take quite a change of mental pace to go imaginatively from Bandette ‘ s whimsical Paris to the rather grim planet LV-223 ! And that is not a cross-over I would want to see ! ; )
PAUL : It 's going to be later than June , because we want to match some things up , but… yeah , it 's been a blast . I 'm working with three other local writers on the project , each with our own book . There 's me on the lead title , Prometheus , and then Chris Roberson on Aliens , and Josh Williamson on Predator , and Chris Sebela on Aliens vs . Predator . It 's great because we 're all local , and all friends , so we can get together a lot , talk about the project and eat cake . As far as the change of mental pace between projects , I 'm really all over as a general rule . I just finished an Adventure Time series , a plant vs. Zombies project , a whole bunch of writing for Angry Birds , and of course Bandette , and that 's all fairly light-hearted material . At the same time , I 'm working on my Colder horror series , and Prometheus , and the Witcher comics for Dark Horse… all much darker . My upcoming novels are much the same : you 'll see some humor titles , and then some darker material . I actually find it easier to work in several areas . It keeps my brain bouncing , moving from one project to the next , so that I do n't grow stale and predictable .
BRUCE : Do you have a philosophy or even rule of thumb that you use to guide what projects you take on , specifically in the realm of balancing personal/independent projects with more commercial properties ? Does the success of Bandette allow you more freedom in pursuing your projects ?
COLLEEN : Last spring , right as I was finishing up Bandette # 5 , I had two short projects I had committed to previously come due . Once those were done , I was going to get right back to Bandette , but then the Batman '66 gigs came available . Any other project , I would have turned down , but the Batman TV show was just too big a part of my early life to pass on that opportunity . As a result , there was rather a long wait for Bandette # 6 . Now , I 'm focusing entirely on Bandette . No other projects are being considered .
BRUCE : And one more question , with Bandette # 6 out , when can we expect # 7 ? Are you guys hoping to maintain a consistent schedule of issues in 2014 ? And the Urchin stories have been so fun , with # 9 now available from the Monkeybrain site . Any artist names of future Urchin stories you want to tease your readers with ?
COLLEEN : Bandette # 7 is about a week from being colored and finished now , at the end of February , and then it takes several weeks for Comixology to get it ready to go live . As for our schedule , we will continue to put out issues as quickly as I can draw them !
Urchin artists of the future include but are not limited to : Sheli Hay , Ron Chan , Dylan Meconis , Ron Randall , Cat Farris , Emi Lenox , Steve Lieber , and Juan Ferreyra .
Bruce : Thanks very much !
The Beat Staff is an elite group of trained ninjas .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Guess who 's getting tired of being locked up in his East 64th Street penthouse , instead of jail ? The Post reports that $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff has , according to a source , complained about his gilded cage , whining , `` I 'm a prisoner in my own house ! I ca n't go anywhere ! I 'm stuck here all day ! '' Tell it to the judge who allowed you to stay at home ! And lest you think Madoff can surf the Internet ( and , you know , read celebrity gossip and transfer funds to off-shore accounts ) , his web and phone habits are being tracked .
Federal investigators are going through documents at a warehouse in East Elmhurst , Queens . Earlier this week , The Daily Beast 's Lucinda Franks said there were 20 million pages of documents in the warehouse and reported it 's believed Madoff 's wife Ruth helped him with fake bookkeeping to keep the scam going , `` No one could create that amount of paper without considerable help . ''
And speaking of Ruth Madoff , her father Saul Alpern `` referred friends and their relatives who spent winters in North Miami Beach and summers at the Sunny Oaks Hotel in New York 's Catskill Mountains in the 1960s , '' Bloomberg News reports . Sunny Oaks owner Cynthia Arenson , who lost $ 1.25 million with Madoff , said the scammer `` was doing very well . Would n't you encourage your friends to invest with him ? Sometimes they got 18 percent , sometimes they got 19 percent . ”
The NY Times has an interesting article on how JPMorgan Chase pulled out of hedge funds that invested in Madoff . While the bank 's Madoff-related losses are `` pretty close to zero , '' the Times reports , `` The bank did not notify investors of its move , and several of them are furious that it protected itself but left them holding notes that the bank itself now says are probably worthless .
The Cardinals were trailing the Royals 5-4 in the sixth inning , and then Rally Cat appeared .
So the cat has to be named Yadi now , right ? # RallyCat pic.twitter.com/ZVf33Hsm4Q — Cut4 ( @ Cut4 ) August 10 , 2017
We are feline pretty good ! Remember the last time we had a rally animal ? # RallyCat pic.twitter.com/mzOAhelqLw — St. Louis Cardinals ( @ Cardinals ) August 10 , 2017
After the appearance of the cat , catcher Yadier Molina went on to hit a go-ahead grand slam that gave St. Louis an 8-5 advantage at home .
The Cardinals then retired the Royals in order in the top of the seventh inning , and went on to win the game .
The Cardinals employee who picked up Rally Cat was bitten , but it was n't too bad .
I 'm okay . You 're welcome🐱 — Lucas Hackmann ( @ LHackmann ) August 10 , 2017
The Cardinals are now just 1.5 games back of the Cubs for the NL Central lead .
Supported by The Royal Academy of Engineering , the Naked Scientists are offering candidates an opportunity to join their award-winning team to learn how to communicate science to broad audiences .
Over an eight week period , successful applicants will develop skills in researching and compiling science news stories , online publishing , podcasting and producing and presenting live radio programmes .
Applicants should be undertaking a PhD in an engineering-related discipline and have the approval of their project supervisor . During the period of the internship , successful candidates will receive remuneration equivalent to their PhD stipend ( based on UK research-council approved rates ) and it is expected that the PhD completion date will be correspondingly deferred by an amount of time equivalent to the internship duration ( eight weeks ) .
Applications should be submitted in writing , by post , and should include a CV , supporting evidence of any previous relevant experience and a covering letter setting out the applicant 's reasons for wishing to pursue this training opportunity . Preferred dates , between December 2014 - September 2015 , for taking up the opportunity should also be specified .
Based at Cambridge University , the Naked Scientists are a professional media creation venture producing weekly science radio programmes and podcasts that reach audiences in the millions on network radio internationally , including with the BBC .
Please address all applications to Dr Hannah Critchlow , The Naked Scientists , Dept . of Pathology , Tennis Court Road , Cambridge CB2 1QP . For enquiries , please telephone 01223 761655 , or email Hannah @ thenakedscientists.com
The closing date for receipt of applications is 31/10/2014
Your browser does not support the video embed tag . However , you may be able to watch the video or download it here .
photos by : Allan Kroeker
L'Abri Fellowship began in Switzerland in 1955 when Francis and Edith Schaeffer decided in faith to open their home to be a place where people might find satisfying answers to their questions and practical demonstration of Christian care . It was called L'Abri , the French word for `` shelter , '' because they sought to provide a shelter from the pressures of a relentlessly secular 20th century . As time went by , so many people came that others were called to join the Schaeffers in their work , and more branches were established .
There have been perhaps four main emphases in the teaching of L'Abri .
First , that Christianity is objectively true and that the Bible is God 's written word to mankind . This means that biblical Christianity can be rationally defended and honest questions are welcome .
Second , because Christianity is true it speaks to all life and not to some narrowly religious sphere and much of the material produced by L'Abri has been aimed at helping develop a Christian perspective on the arts , politics and the social sciences etc .
Third , in the area of our relationship with God , true spirituality is seen in lives which by grace are free to be fully human rather than in trying to live on some higher spiritual plane or in some grey negative way .
Fourth , the reality of the fall is taken seriously . Until Christ returns we and the world we live in will be affected by the disfigurement of sin . Although the place of the mind is emphasized , L'Abri is not a place for `` intellectuals only '' .
We are as concerned for living as we are for thinking and from the beginning the concern has been that the truth is as much exhibited in everyday life as it is defended in discussion . We do not do this perfectly of course but depend on the Lord to bring forth a measure of reality in our daily life .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's red card against Chelsea will not be overturned , says UEFA
Ibrahimovic faces at least a one-match ban for the sending off
Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's red card against Chelsea will not be overturned , UEFA has confirmed .
The PSG forward was sent off for a challenge on Oscar in the first half of his side 's Champions League clash with Chelsea on Wednesday night .
Laurent Blanc 's men went on to secure a 2-2 draw after extra time and progress to the quarter-finals on away goals despite spending 90 minutes a man short .
Jamie Carragher , Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness discuss whether PSG 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic deserved to be sent off against Chelsea . Jamie Carragher , Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness discuss whether PSG 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic deserved to be sent off against Chelsea .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had even called on UEFA officials to cancel the dismissal but the governing body said referees ' decisions are viewed as final unless in a case of mistaken identity .
A UEFA spokesman pointed to its disciplinary regulations which state : `` Decisions taken by the referee on the field of play are final and may not be reviewed by the UEFA disciplinary bodies . ''
Ibrahimovic slammed referee Bjorn Kuipers ' decision and criticised the Chelsea players for their reaction , saying it was like he had “ a lot of babies ” around him .
The Sweden international insists he pulled out of his challenge and believes Oscar may have feigned injury to ensure the referee reacted .
PSG 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic said Chelsea 's players acted like 11 babies when they surrounded the referee to get him sent off during their Champions League gam PSG 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic said Chelsea 's players acted like 11 babies when they surrounded the referee to get him sent off during their Champions League gam
`` I pulled out , because I saw him come in the tackle , '' Ibrahimovic said .
`` I do n't know if he was acting afterwards . Does n't matter . We won the game , we went through and let 's see what happens . ''
Manchester United failed in an attempt to overturn a red card for Darren Fletcher in 2009 after he was sent off in the Champions League semi-final against Arsenal despite video replays showing he had made little if any contact , and the Scotland midfielder missed the final .
Country superstar Melissa Etheridge threatened to cancel her involvement with SiriusXM in protest of the satellite radio giant naming Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon host of its daily radio program Breitbart News Daily .
The two-time Grammy-winning singer-songwriter took to Twitter Friday , writing : “ After news that @ SIRIUSXM has given # SteveBannon a show , I can no longer in good conscience be a part of my show @ siriusxmvolume # speaktrue . ”
After news that @ SIRIUSXM has given # SteveBannon a show , I can no longer in good conscience be a part of my show @ siriusxmvolume # speaktrue — Melissa Etheridge ( @ metheridge ) December 9 , 2017
Etheridge has been involved with SiriusXM music channel Volume and has hosted an interview program on the channel called “ Melissa 's Basement . ”
“ I will fight for anyone 's right to free speech . I will not be a part of amplifying or normalizing hate speech , ” Etheridge tweeted in response to a Twitter user who said she “ was wrong ” to boycott SiriusXM over its decision .
I understand @ blugolfer121 I will fight for anyone 's right to free speech . I will not be a part of amplifying or normalizing hate speech . https : //t.co/4JK8QV6aw4 — Melissa Etheridge ( @ metheridge ) December 9 , 2017
SiriusXM 's decision to bring Bannon back to host Breitbart News ' weekday morning program on Patriot Channel 125 , SiriusXM — which included expanded radio programming , including a new three-hour weeknight show , Breitbart News Tonight , and expanded weekend programming — saw actor Seth Rogen and former Vermont governor Howard Dean threaten to boycott SiriusXM .
“ I was supposed to do a press tour on @ SIRIUSXM on teusday but I 'm no longer doing it because I ca n't bring myself to appear on the same service that has decided to support Steve Bannon , ” Rogen tweeted . “ Apologies to the shows I had to cancel . And fuck Steve Bannon . ”
I was supposed to do a press tour on @ SIRIUSXM on teusday but I 'm no longer doing it because I ca n't bring myself to appear on the same service that has decided to support Steve Bannon . Apologies to the shows I had to cancel . And fuck Steve Bannon . — Seth Rogen ( @ Sethrogen ) December 8 , 2017
“ You should be ashamed of yourselves . I will not renew my subscription , ” Dean tweeted , linking to the network 's tweet announcing the news .
You should be ashamed of yourselves . I will not renew my subscription . https : //t.co/Hy0XePeRI2 — Howard Dean ( @ GovHowardDean ) December 7 , 2017
In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter , SiriusXM spokesman Patrick Reilly defended the network 's decision and took a strong stand in support of free speech , saying : “ Since its inception , SiriusXM has promised to deliver a diversity of opinions and viewpoints , from conservative to progressive to everything in between . ”
“ SiriusXM takes no political position of our own across our more than 175 channels , but we are here to provide an open forum no matter where listeners stand on the political spectrum . Free speech is vitally important , ” the statement said . “ We ardently believe that by allowing a virtually unlimited platform of viewpoints , we are doing our best to uphold that core value . ”
Several center-left SiriusXM hosts came out in support of the platform 's decision , urging Dean and others to support free speech .
Breitbart News ' SiriusXM expansion comes as the network is drawing record page views . For more information on the SiriusXM expansion , look here .
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @ JeromeEHudson
Athens , Greece this morning
What 's worse than a run on the banks ?
Letting the Greek people decide their own fate .
Dr Julien Mercille writes :
Tomorrow [ Tuesday June 30 ] , the Greek government is supposed to pay back an IMF loan of €1.5 billion . But Greece does n't have enough money for that . So it needs to receive new loans from the European Union to pay it back along with some other loans that will have to be paid in the near future .
However , the EU says it will only lend Greece the new money if Greece agrees to a series of austerity measures . But Greece is not ready to do that to the extent that the EU wants to .
Of course , the whole drama is a scam because austerity measures do not work to revive an economy in a downturn – they actually make it worse . So why are the EU and IMF insisting on those measures , if everybody knows they do n't work ? Because they want to restructure the Greek economy in a way that benefits corporate power .
This involves a range of things like privatization of state assets that can be taken over by private interests , cutting salaries and pensions to make labour cheaper for employers , enacting low corporate tax rates , etc .
Therefore , it goes without saying that the troika is very much opposed to ordinary people having any say in this , because it knows full well that such policies would not be accepted . The troika thus has to oppose democratic forces .
This became clear when , tired of negotiating with the EU governments , Greece pulled off a nice trick : a popular referendum . Greek people will vote , next Sunday July 5 , on whether they want to accept or reject the latest offer from the troika .
The fact that the very idea of a referendum was greeted as a bombshell in the media shows how unaccustomed we have become to resort to democratic decision making in Europe . In fact , there is nothing wrong in letting people decide on matters that will affect their lives . This should be the norm , not a surprise .
But elites everywhere are horrified , in particular , the Irish government . Enda Kenny reiterated once again that Syriza should get serious and that Ireland would n't support debt write-offs , even though it is obviously what is needed .
Joan Burton said that Syriza is just interested in lecturing the rest of Europe about economics than being serious . Michael Noonan said emergency funding to Greek banks could be cut off unless a deal is reached . And you can safely bet that many other politicians thought the same .
The reason is a classic one in power systems in which a minority of elites seek to control the majority of the population : the threat of a good example . This means that if Syriza is seen to be winning and provide a clear and working alternative to austerity , this is likely to embolden similar forces elsewhere in Europe and could ultimately spell disaster for conservative forces like the Irish government .
Those who think that 's a conspiracy theory do n't understand how power works . For example , Stephen Collins , the conservative Irish Times commentator , does understand , and says exactly the same thing . He wrote a piece that pointed to the threat of “ contagion ” , i.e. , the threat of a spreading Syriza example in Europe :
“ If Syriza gets a substantial debt write-off and further financial aid with no serious commitments to political and economic reform , the response of the main Irish parties to the crisis here will be utterly discredited . The political implications of that are obvious . Sinn Féin in Ireland , Podemos in Spain and any number of populist left and right wing parties would be on the march in Europe . Political contagion rather than economic contagion would become a real threat to the euro and the future of the EU itself . ”
Since our leaders are opposing the Greek people and Syriza , the only hope to change anything is an international campaign of solidarity and action at the grassroots level .
The Greek Solidarity Committee has just been formed in Ireland and needs members . This week it will organize a series of events and protests . Its facebook page will provide all details . Last week some of its member conducted a sit-in at the offices of the European Union in Dublin in which I participated ( only to report for Broadsheet , of course ) .
Finally , the media has become filled with scare and horror stories of a potential Greek exit from the eurozone . Of course , the potentially destabilising consequences of Grexit are real . However , there are two main reasons why such fears might be exaggerated .
First , in my opinion , it would be very unlikely to see Greece exit the Eurozone because this could well mean closer relations with Russia or even China , for example to obtain needed loans . Greece might leave NATO . Greece could participate in Russian pipeline projects , etc . I find it hard to believe that the United States ( and Germany and Europe ) will tolerate that .
In fact , there have been press reports that yesterday President Obama spoke to Angela Merkel and that the two agreed that it was “ critically important ” to find ways to keep Greece in the eurozone .
The White House has issued a statement : “ The leaders affirmed that their respective economic teams are carefully monitoring the situation and will remain in close touch . The two leaders agreed that it was critically important to make every effort to return to a path that will allow Greece to resume reforms and growth within the euro zone ” .
Moreover , the US treasury secretary , Jack Lew , urged the IMF and European finance ministers to find a “ sustainable solution ” to Greek recovery in the eurozone , including debt relief is necessary . Lew said it was “ important for all parties to continue to work to reach a solution , including a discussion of potential debt relief for Greece , in the run up to the 5 July referendum ” planned by Syriza on Sunday .
Second , let 's assume I 'm wrong and that Greece does exit the eurozone . Well , that most likely wo n't be as catastrophic as we 've been led to believe . For the first few months , sure , it will be tough and chaotic . But after that , growth could finally kick in and things should get at least better than they are at the moment .
Argentina , which did default and de-pegged its currency from the US dollar in 2001-2002 , saw years of strong growth in the years that followed . If Greece even sees half of that growth , it would be amazing compared to the pain austerity has inflicted onto it since the troika got involved .
Such a successful default could actually provide an example to other European countries that exiting the eurozone is not the end of the world , but may actually be the beginning of a better life .
@ JulienMercille is lecturer at UCD and the author of The Political Economy and Media Coverage of the European Economic Crisis : The Case of Ireland ( 2015 , Routledge ) . His new book , Europe 's Treasure Ireland ( Palgrave ) , will be out next month .
With David all the way across the big pond meeting some of you at FliteTest , this announcement has fallen on my shoulders , and will therefore be shorter and less descriptive than usual . Here goes :
A new beast has hatched . Measuring 170mm motor to motor and weighing only 280 grams with electronics and FPV gear , the BabyTricopter is in size and weight really just a baby compared to its older brothers . But do n't be fooled , this baby packs a punch ! Be sure that you know what you 're doing before flying this beast…
You can choose between the Baby with it 's custom F3FC racing and power distribution board included for just $ 99 , or just the Baby Tricopter ( without flightcontroller and PDB ) , for as little as $ 69 .
The F3FC Racing and new PDB can of course
also be bought separately ( although you get a nice discount if you buy them with the kit ) , and you 'll find more info on those product pages .
Shipping will start on Monday/Tuesday so order now !
The Baby of course will need some power , and we 're also releasing an electronics kit , with the same EMAX motors as used by the MiniTricopter , but with Aikon 30A ESC 's and three-bladed orange propellers from HQ . This kit is however currently on Pre-Order , ar we are awaiting the arrival of our chosen Aikon 30A ESC 's . You can still order the kit , but it wo n't be shipped until the ESC 's have arrived .
Have some patience with the product descriptions and info , this is , after all , a Pre-Release ! More info will be added , and spare parts will become visible in the store as we 've had time to somewhat fix their respective product pages .
Bangalore-based Data Weave Software Pvt . Ltd , which runs business intelligence startup DataWeave , has raised an undisclosed amount in Series A funding led by Japan-based ad-tech company FreakOut Group .
Silicon Valley-based venture capital investor Herb Madan , and a clutch of unnamed institutional investors from the US , India and Singapore also participated in the round , said a press statement .
Existing investor Blume Ventures also put in money , a report in The Economic Times said .
`` We will deploy these funds to boost our sales , marketing , and customer success initiatives , especially in North America . We will also invest in scaling our data products , ” said Karthik Bettadapura , co-founder and CEO , DataWeave .
Last February , the startup had raised an undisclosed amount in pre-Series A funding from existing investors including Blume Ventures , TLabs ( Times Internet 's startup accelerator ) and Google India managing director Rajan Anandan . Teruhide Sato , founder of Japan-based global internet and e-commerce business incubator group Beenos , Inc , and Hiro Mashita , founder of Singapore-based M & S Partners Pte , also participated in that round .
Earlier in 2013 , DataWeave had raised $ 270,000 from Blume Ventures , TLabs , 5ideas Startup Superfuel and Meta Studio Advisors , apart from angel investors Anandan , Pankaj Jain , Bharathram Thothadri , Krishna Mehra and Abhishek Gupta .
Founded in April 2011 by Bettadapura and Vikranth Ramanolla , and officially launched in June 2012 , DataWeave is a language-agnostic trans-firewall analytics platform that analyses and aggregates all externally available data relevant to an organisation and provides actionable insights .
Trans-firewall analytics refers to the analysis of unstructured external data that is available in public domain but spread across a lot of continuously-changing sources . DataWeave helps users discover , monitor and visualise public data on the web in a uniform format .
The company currently serves customers in North America , India , Southeast Asia and the Middle East .
`` The company [ DataWeave ] delivers real-time actionable insights , which can give businesses a huge competitive advantage across industries and geographies , '' said Yuzuru Honda , global CEO at FreakOut Holdings , Inc .
Like this report ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports .
You are now the Khajiit .
You were already the Khajiit , but now you are her with resolve . With gusto . Things like that .
For the first time since your visit to the Kvatch Mages Guild , you feel like things might work out . You might have a chance to set everything right ; a chance to show Quill-Weave you are a capable and trustworthy individual . Sure , it 'll be dangerous , and you might mess up a little ( more ) along the way , but… if there 's a chance things will work out – a chance that Katia Managan can take control of this situation – then you 're going to chase it with everything you 've got .
And you 've got a lot right now . You think .
Redkittyfox wrote : Um , you know that you might have broken the string of what held the Amulet of Silence , right ? Should n't you go ahead and try fixing it ?
Look , we 've been over this : the amulet has a Drama Clasp . When you give it a dramatic tug , it just comes undone . Then you click it back together again and it 's good to go .
Seriously , if this had a normal clasp you would 've broken the chain at least a dozen times by now .
SkywardStrike wrote : Sorry to dampen the mood , but how is this magic going to help you explain to Quill-Weave about how you screwed everything up ?
The magic is n't going to “ help you explain to Quill-Weave about how you screwed everything up ” . Because after tonight is over , you wo n't have screwed anything up .
You motion for your assistant to hand you a pointer .
There is no assistant . That was telekinesis .
Quill-Weave is counting on you to bring back a package from her friend at the bookstore . That package happens to currently be in the possession of a wealthy , evil sorceress with a lifetime supply of mind control pheromones .
That is a problem . But it 's not an impossible problem .
Dawoc wrote : Remember , you have the key to the Chapel undercroft , which you can use to sneak in instead . Because , I mean , you did pick it up , right ? You did n't just leave it lying on the table , did you ?
comkiller wrote : Time to be clever . You 're still really limited in your range of options so you 're gon na have to get really creative in your witch-hunting .
FlyingTurtle wrote : Katia , before you go running to take down Sigrid , think of a plan . First you might want to find something to plug your nose to stop that bug musk perfume from taking control of you again , some napkins might work .
You have the key to the chapel undercroft . You did n't want to take the key , but it was shiny , laying right on the table , another Khajiit was watching you… it was a whole thing .
Point is , you have it now . If Sigrid 's maybe-lackey is to be believed ( which is still up in the air at this point ) , the undercroft has a secret passage to the Mages Guild . You could use that passageway to break in , retrieve Quill-Weave 's package ( and anything else you want ) , and get out . Technically , it would n't even be stealing , since Sigrid is a total bitch .
According to Stephane , Sigrid will be asleep at 4:00 O'Clock AM . If he 's telling the truth , this whole thing should be a piece of cake . If he 's lying , or this is a trick , or she wakes up or something , though , you 'll need some kind of fallback plan . A mask might protect you from her pheromones , and telekinesis might be enough to protect you from her magic , but your best option is still to remain hidden and get out unseen .
If you can .
Right now it 's about 1:06 in the morning . Since a break-in is one of those rare things where you 're not supposed to show up early , that gives you around three hours to prepare , gather supplies , and come up with a plan of action . If you 're lucky , maybe a store or barrack will still be open and you can find some way to earn or trade for any equipment you 'll need .
You have gotten a few new barterable things since your last trip to a store . Some spices , a bit of bread , and…
You guess this is ectoplasm .
Razik wrote : Katia : Try using telekinesis on your own body . That 's essentially all levitation is anyways .
Redsteel132 wrote : Try to levitate !
While levitation would certainly be cool and help you out with this whole break-in thing , you ca n't find the right… handles , you guess , on yourself ? This stuff is all Akaviri to you , but the magic swirly things on your own body look like they 're locked in place pretty hard .
It just feels different than the inanimate stuff you were moving before . Maybe it has to do with having a soul ? Do Khajiit even have souls ? You do n't know these things . You probably should .
Whillikers wrote : Can you pick yourself up ? Your clothes ? Will either let you fly ? Try it .
There is about a 95 % chance this will not aid you against Sigrid .
B0BSAN wrote : Now you need resources to hunt the witch find a weapon than use it to kill her in her sleep . or put your silence magic amulet around her neck , tie her up gag her ransack the place for evidence ( Steal a sack full of gold for yourself ) and turn her in too the authorities .
Yeah , like you said , you 'd rather avoid an actual confrontation . Magic-absorbing Atronach or no , you 're not ready to go toe-to-clawed-toe with a guild-trained mage – let alone one who can charm people with her very presence .
But you have been thinking about it , and… if you can get in there while Sigrid is asleep , you 'll have plenty of chances to indirectly cause her harm . You could take a bunch of her money , break all her expensive stuff , or maybe even find some piece of evidence so incriminating that even her pheromones wo n't be able to protect her from the law . You 're a witchhunter ; you 'll find some way to put Sigrid where she belongs . But your top priority is still to get Quill-Weave 's package and get out alive .
You know . Do something right for once .
For now , though , you have a break-in to prepare for .
L27 wrote : Now that you learned some tricks , re-check the quest log
You , ah…
You 've actually kind of been disregarding your Quest Log and adding whatever came to mind .
You should probably ignore it and just do one of those things you mentioned up above .
Additional resource credits :
Cider – usual
- PM Modi waves at supporters as he leaves for India .
Thank you USA . PM @ narendramodi heads home following successful whirlwind trip to the USA . pic.twitter.com/e9T1PTSYOi — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- ' I look to turn the vision of our partnership into a lasting reality ' , Modi writes in White House visitors book .
- Modi urges US businessmen to come & invest in India .
-PM Narendra Modi addressing US India Business Council ( USIBC ) .
PM delivering his address at the US-India Business Council # PMUSVisit pic.twitter.com/ZOcRYOXIkX — PIB India ( @ PIB_India ) October 1 , 2014
- PM Modi met Speaker of the United States House of Representatives , John Boehner .
PM @ narendramodi meeting with Speaker of the United States House of Representatives , John Boehner # PMUSVisit pic.twitter.com/vgMBRevs7Y — PIB India ( @ PIB_India ) September 30 , 2014
- Reliance Chairman Mukesh Ambani was present at the lunch hosted by US Vice President Joe Biden for PM Modi in Washington DC .
- My visit has reinvigorated my confidence in the relations between our two countries , says Modi .
- India and US have not only met on Mars but on Earth as well and we are certainly getting close : PM Modi .
- Modi addresses the press .
- US is encouraged by PM Modi 's sense of purpose and commitment to the relationship : Biden .
`` We are encouraged…with your commitment to this relationship . '' -VP to @ narendramodi of # India on bilateral relations pic.twitter.com/NPMPLd0frM — Vice President Biden ( @ VP ) September 30 , 2014
- Together PM Modi and President Obama can usher a new era for the two nations : Biden .
- We admire your democracy and the message it sends to people around the world , Biden tells PM Modi .
- No nation has to choose between development and freedom , says Biden .
- We do n't just share same founding ideals but also the same economic imperatives : Kerry .
- We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India 's development and what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath : Kerry .
- Question is what this relationship looks like tomorrow , it 's one of those hinge points in history , says Kerry .
- Kerry addresses the press along with Vice President Joe Biden . Modi present along with them .
- PM Modi to have lunch with US Secretary of State John Kerry .
- PM Modi and President Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King .
As PM @ narendramodi and Prez @ BarackObama pay homage to Rev Martin Luther King C 1959 photo presented by PM to Prez pic.twitter.com/psRHEWzFjx — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- As per initial plan , Modi was to go alone but in last minute change Obama also decided to join him . They drove straight to the Memorial after their summit level talks at the White House .
- Modi reaches Martin Luther King Jr Memorial . Obama accompanies PM Modi .
- Martin Luther King Jr. ( January 15 , 1929 - April 4 , 1968 ) was an American pastor , activist , humanitarian , and leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement . He is best known for his role in the advancement of civil rights using non-violent civil disobedience .
- The press conference concludes . Modi to visit Martin Luther King Jr Memorial now .
- I have invited President Obama and his family to visit India , says PM Modi .
- We discussed emerging terrorism challenges in South Asia and new threats of terrorism in West Asia and beyond : Modi .
- We had an open discussion on WTO issue . We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found : PM Modi .
- I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy : Modi .
- America is an integral part of our Look East , Link West policy : PM Modi .
- India and US are natural partners and we will make it easier to do business in India : PM Modi .
- We have agreed to consult and cooperate on climate change : PM Modi .
- We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area : Modi .
- Both sides are deeply concerned about the Ebola crisis in Africa , India has made a financial commitment of USD 10 million : PM Modi .
- There was great convergence in international matters , says Modi .
- We are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off , says Modi .
- President Obama and I talked about economic issues . Our economic relations will improve even further : Modi .
- After the Indo-US meet in Mars , we are now meeting here , says Modi .
- I am thankful to President Obama for his warm welcome . I am glad to have been able to meet him President in the early part of my tenure , says PM Modi .
I am thankful to President Obama for his warm welcome . I am glad to have been able to meet the President in the early part of my tenure : PM — PMO India ( @ PMOIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- We discussed trade and how we can continue to work with each other , adds Obama .
- We discussed international situation , security issues and Middle East violence and extremism : US President
- Everyone is impressed with energy and determination with which the PM has looked to address India 's enormous opportunities : Obama
- Have decided to deepen existing ties with India . India can emerge as major world power , says Obama .
- Modi and Obama address joint press conference in White House .
- Modi meets Obama , talks between them underway .
- Modi arrives White House , to meet Obama shortly .
PM Shri @ narendramodi arrives at White house for bilateral talks with US President @ BarackObama # PMUSVisit pic.twitter.com/b4Gn4Jh4OF — PIB India ( @ PIB_India ) September 30 , 2014
- Madhya Pradesh CM says that with US visit Modi has emerged as a global leader .
With this US visit PM @ narendramodi has now emerged as a true Global leader on the worldstage . # AchheDin — ShivrajSingh Chouhan ( @ ChouhanShivraj ) September 30 , 2014
The US visit by our PM @ narendramodi has helped India emerge from striving to be equal , to being equal to one & all . — ShivrajSingh Chouhan ( @ ChouhanShivraj ) September 30 , 2014
- Governor Michael O'Malley of Maryland calls on the PM . They talked about innovative uses of technology in governance , as per MEA .
Governor Michael O'Malley of Maryland meets PM @ narendramodi , discusses innovative uses of technology in governance pic.twitter.com/AZEnbnxCWN — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- Modi meets Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel . They reportedly discussed issues pertaining to terror and Ebola epidemic .
Issues of the day - Ebola & Terror - among subjects discussed as Def Secy Hagel calls on PM @ narendramodi pic.twitter.com/VMghIyOGN5 — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- Modi , who was wearing beige kurta and cream Nehru jacket , leaves the venue but before that he meets the waiting crowd .
- PM pays floral tribute to Mahatama Gandhi 's statue . Swaraj too pays tributes to Gandhi .
Homage to the Mahatma first . PM @ narendramodi begins activities the day in DC by paying homage to the Mahatma . pic.twitter.com/rMNk8Z3XOt — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- A large number of Indian-Americans are present to welcome the PM who was accompanied by Swaraj . The crowd is chanting 'Modi , Modi ' .
- PM Modi reaches Indian Embassy to pay tribute to the Gandhi statue on Lexington Avenue .
- Meanwhile , a look at the following tweet posted by the MEA :
Good morning DC . Flowers at Blair House reflect colours of India 's flag in honour of its guest PM @ narendramodi . pic.twitter.com/1Dv78CXVRe — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- PM Modi will soon reach Gandhi Memorial to pay tributes to the Father of the Nation at the Dupont Circle .
- The Gandhi statue was sculpted by Gautam Pal . The sculpture of Gandhi is cast in bronze as a statue to a height of 8 feet 8 inches . It shows Gandhi in stride .
- The memorial is erected in front of the Indian Embassy . It is a gift from the Indian Council for Cultural Relations and was dedicated on September 16 , 2000 during a state visit of the then Indian PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the presence of former US President Bill Clinton .
- Today Modi will visit Gandhi Memorial in Washington DC , have delegation level talks with Obama at White House and then hold a joint press conference with the US President , among other engagements .
The Prime Minister is expected to pay tributes to Mahatma Gandhi in Washington DC shortly . — PMO India ( @ PMOIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- Modi gave Obama a 'Gita by Gandhi ' in Khadi cover and audio-video clips from the 1959 India visit of Martin Luther King . The book is Gandhi 's interpretation of Gita . The book was published many years ago .
- Modi later tweeted that he had a 'wonderful ' meeting with Obama and they talked about a wide range of issues .
With President @ BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues . pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) September 30 , 2014
Both President @ BarackObama & I share a vision for a partnership in which our nations work together for the benefit of the entire humankind . — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) September 30 , 2014
- Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner . The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others . Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj , National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US , S Jaishankar among others , as per PTI .
At the dining table . Prez @ BarackObama & PM @ narendramodi discuss opportunities of working together . pic.twitter.com/4UVoYtLHwk — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- `` Kem Cho , '' asked Obama when he welcomed Modi , who replied , `` Thank you very much , President . ''
The 'Kem cho ' moment . Prez @ BarackObama greets PM @ narendramodi at doorstep of the White House . pic.twitter.com/NkgB9voLfS — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
The first meeting . Prez @ BarackObama escorts PM @ narendramodi to the dinner at their 1st meeting in the White House . pic.twitter.com/6FJuGqO7Qg — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 30 , 2014
- Modi arrived at Andrew Air Force Base in Washington and was hosted by US President Barack Obama to a private dinner , ahead of their Summit talks , as the two leaders sought to reinvigorate bilateral ties .
Welcome to Washington . Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns receives PM @ narendramodi at Andrews Airforce Base . pic.twitter.com/IiUFuZVFPf — Syed Akbaruddin ( @ MEAIndia ) September 29 , 2014
- Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on his five-day US visit from September 26 . He landed in New York , addressed UNGA , gave a speech at Madison Square Garden to around 18,000 Indian-American crowd , met top US CEOs amongst others and then headed for Washington on September 29 .
NEW DELHI : More than a year after the AAP government set up a `` feedback unit '' , lieutenant governor Anil Baijal has ordered its closure . Earlier in March , along with this direction , he had also ordered termination of the contractual staff appointed for the unit.It is learnt from sources that the unit -which is being described by the opposition as a 'spying ' unit -was closed in the backdrop of an ongoing CBI inquiry in the matter . Moreover , it was felt that not only was its purpose somewhat ambiguous but the appointment of the contractual staff was not according to norms and process . The government 's feedback unit , comprising retired police and security experts , was created ostensibly to gather information about officials and departments under the Delhi government . It has been alleged that 20 posts were created but the file was not approved by LG.The vigilance department had submitted a proposal for setting up the unit which was approved by the chief minister on October 28 , 2015.It was to report to the vigilance secretary . The unit became functional in February 2016 and funds and other resources were allocated to it.In January , the CBI filed a preliminary inquiry in the matter after a complaint ( vigilance report ) was forwarded to it by the then LG , Najeeb Jung.A 'vigilance report ' that has surfaced ­ TOI could n't independently verify its authenticity ­ makes allegations of violation of rules and regulations and lapses in earmarking funds amounting to Rs 1 crore . It also raises questions over the propriety of conducting a sting operation at a private school ­ since it does n't come under the purview of Prevention of Corruption Act ­ and questions the very identity of the official of Anti-Corruption Branch ( ACB ) who conducted the sting.The ACB chief , Mukesh Meena , alleged on Friday that no one by the identity provided existed in ACB.Defending his government 's decision , deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said there was nothing wrong in setting up such a unit . `` Every state should have a feedback unit and every government has it . The government should communicate with its people and take feedback . I do n't think there is anything wrong in it , '' he said at a press conference on Friday.The order gave BJP yet another opportunity to attack chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and accuse him of `` misusing his position and public money '' . Vijender Gupta , leader of the opposition in the assembly , alleged : `` The unit directly reported to the CM , who did n't keep any department with him . He misused his position and public money for political gains and to settle scores with rivals . ''
Image caption South Korean and US forces will start annual military exercises , which they say are purely defensive
North Korea has threatened `` all-out war '' in response to exercises by South Korean and US troops , starting Monday .
The South Korean capital Seoul would be turned into a `` sea of flames '' , the Korean Central News Agency warned .
Pyongyang also said the South should stop sending propaganda leaflets and balloons over the border .
Inter-Korean relations have been extremely tense since 46 South Koreans died when their warship was sunk last March .
Seoul blamed the North for the incident , something Pyongyang denies .
But tensions rose even further after the North shelled a frontier island in November , killing four South Koreans .
Military talks aimed at defusing tensions and restarting dialogue broke down earlier this month .
Annual exercises
About 12,800 US troops and some 200,000 South Korean soldiers and reservists will take part in the military exercises , which will last 11 days , according to US and South Korean forces .
Seoul insists the drill is purely defensive but North Korea says it is a pretext for an invasion from the South .
`` The army and people of the DPRK [ North Korea ] will return bolstered nuclear deterrent of our own style for the continued nuclear threat ... and our own missile striking action for their vicious attempt to eliminate our missiles , '' KCNA said .
The North routinely issues war rhetoric against South Korea and the US , but analysts say the risk of clashes is higher when the two sides are not talking to each other .
Earlier , Pyongyang said it would fire across the border if South Korean did not `` immediately stop psychological warfare '' .
The South has been launching balloons , carrying leaflets critical of the Pyongyang regime and news about the recent democracy protests in the Arab world , over the heavily fortified border .
`` South Korea is driving the Korean peninsula to overall confrontation , with beefing up anti-republic , psychological plots , '' the North Korean statement went on .
South Korea has also been attaching food , clothes and radios to the balloons it sends over towards the North .
Pyongyang tightly controls access to the Internet and attempts to block other sources of information about the outside world .
Last week TechCrunch came to you with the dramatic departure of AR helmet maker Skully 's CEO and co-founder Marcus Weller and now several sources from inside the company tell us the startup is no more .
Operations have ceased within the company , and we 're told the website will be turned off at some point today . Weller has also been asked to sign a confidentiality deal with investors .
Weller told TechCrunch today he will not sign and that he 's completely walked away from all dealings with the company as of 10 days ago .
“ I 'm shocked and deeply saddened that they would now shut this company down , ” Weller said in a phone conversation today . “ We were raising a Series B to continue raising capital but then we had a buyer…I 'm almost dubious to this . ”
The site is still up for now but it says Skully 's AR-1 helmet is sold out in every size and no one is able to order . A source tells us sales were cut off on Monday .
The shutdown leaves several vendors and Skully 's manufacturer Flextronics with unpaid bills and at least 50 full-time employees out of a job . It 's unclear if any of the vendors will be paid .
That also means the more than 3,000 people who pre-ordered a helmet may never get one – and one source tells us it 's doubtful any of them will be receiving a refund .
According to a source , Weller botched a possible acquisition deal with Chinese company LeSports before leaving the company last week . Another source inside the company said at the time Weller did not ruin the relationship with LeSports and that the deal might still happen now that the former CEO was out of the picture .
However , Weller counters that story , telling TechCrunch he and his brother were forced out of the company after investors disagreed with the LeSports deal he brought to the table , opting instead for an inside round . Another source familiar with the matter confirms his story that he brought in the LeSports deal but said Skully was rapidly running out of cash and it was down to the eleventh hour determining if the numbers added up .
Adding to that , we 've been told the board thought Weller has been so difficult to deal with since leaving , they now do n't see the point in salvaging the company he started .
We 're told by a source inside the company that as of Monday , investors from Intel Capital determined it was better to just shut the whole company down instead .
Intel Capital denies that claim , saying it tried to save the company up until the end .
“ We 're disappointed Skully has closed its doors . We 've been focused on the company 's success for nearly two years and have recently been trying to negotiate a funding round to keep it going , ” Intel Capital said in a statement . “ We 're certainly sorry for the employees who are losing their jobs , the crowdfunding backers whose investments did n't work out and the customers who 'd pre-purchased product . We continue to be excited by the promise of this kind of wearable technology . ”
The news of the shut down is sad , particularly because Skully was a promising startup in a hot industry and with a lot of fans behind it . Just two weeks ago the startup sent out an email to fans announcing “ Over 400 AR-1 units will be in customers ' hands by the end of July and all pre-orders will be fulfilled by the end of September . ”
“ We have 100 % confidence in our delivery schedule and will continue to keep you in the loop . Please stay tuned because we have very exciting announcements coming up , ” read the email .
But the hardware company now only adds to the heap of carnage starting to pile up in Silicon Valley . Shuddle , the Uber for kids , hit the brakes in April , Buffer and General Assembly both chopped a bunch of staff last week and Zenefits took a tumble earlier this year , letting go of roughly 250 staffers as part of a course correction after ousting Parker Conrad .
Much of the upheaval is likely due to overgrowth issues in an increasingly tight VC market . However , Skully 's demise seems to stem from one part manufacturing hiccup , which slowed shipment of the product , and a big dash of overblown egos , ultimately leading to its demise .
Weller was gutted at the news . He said he had not heard the company he 'd started was shutting down before we 'd reached out to him . When asked what he was going to do next he told us he was not sure .
Update : though it seems an official shut down looms imminent , some within the leadership are holding out hope still .
“ The SKULLY executive team is working diligently on closing a round of funding so that we can continue to fulfill our pre-orders and delight our customers , ” marketing VP Carlos Rodriguez told TechCrunch late Tuesday night .
Is it possible things could turn around ? Signs point to no from many whom TechCrunch spoke to close to the company . We should also add this same executive team told us earlier that Intel Capital would be adding to the round . Intel told us that was not true .
Another previous investor , Riverwood Venture Partners , has yet to get back to us on a similar inquiry
But maybe Skully can turn things around right before the lights officially go out like they say they are trying to . This is Silicon Valley . Miracles do happen . For the customers and employees affected by this mess , we sincerely hope there 's at least some sort of life preserver for them .
Advertisement
Kids these days ! Why , back when I was a kid we had to use , you know , our imaginations when playing with toys . Now , thanks to robotics , toys can spring to life and react intelligently to a child 's input . The latest example of that is IXI-Play , an owl-like robot that can dance , make sounds , and interact with children .
IXI-Play is a project created by a Dutch company called WittyWorX , which hopes to crowd-fund their idea and have the little bird robot hatched manufactured in time for this year 's holiday season .
So what 's inside the IXI-Play , and what can it do ? Based on the Android operating system , the IXI-Play will use a variety of apps to interact and play games . For example , a built-in camera and vision software will allow it to identify faces , objects , special cards , colors , and even read books . Speech recognition will enable it to react to specific commands , and a touch sensor will allow simple physical interaction .
Here 's the first prototype in action :
WittyWorX has plans for a number of other apps , including : language learning , time keeping , photo/video camera , music player , counting and math , and dancing . Speaking of dancing , IXI-Play is , in many ways , very similar to Keepon , the groovy yellow robot that became a YouTube sensation . Like Keepon , IXI-Play has a soft body that can tilt and flex , and like the latest version of Furby ( Hasbro 's furry , shrieking owl/hamster robot ) , its eyes are actually small LCD screens that can blink and express emotions [ pictured below ] . The company is currently looking at developing accessories that will work together with the robot , as well as tablet and smartphone connectivity .
All of this tech puts it a cut above other robot toys ( the terrifying Tickle Me Elmo comes to mind ) , and with that sophistication comes a higher price tag . WittyWorX expects the IXI-Play to retail for US $ 299 , and plans to finance the first production run through a crowd-funding campaign slated for this summer . Which is to say there 's still a lot of uncertainty in terms of seeing this bird bot take flight . You can follow its development through WittyWorX 's website , Facebook , and Twitter , or if you 're itching for a robot toy on a budget , you can always build your own RoboBrrd .
And here 's IXI dancing to Deee-Lite :
[ WittyWorX ]
MONTREAL – The billionaire brother-in-law of deposed Tunisian dictator Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali has vanished as he was about to be sent back from Canada to face justice in his native country .
Belhassen Trabelsi has been fighting to remain in Canada almost from the day he arrived by private jet with his immediate family in 2011 , fleeing the revolution that toppled Ben Ali 's repressive regime .
After being stripped by Canada of permanent resident status obtained before the revolution and rejected as a political refugee , Trabelsi was set to be flown to Tunisia on Tuesday .
But in an affidavit recently filed with the Federal Court , one of his lawyers informed the court that Trabelsi is “ no longer reachable. ” Trabelsi had filed a last ditch-request to avoid being removed from Canada , but he never showed up at his lawyer 's office to sign the required affidavit . He also failed to show for a May 24 meeting with the Canada Border Services Agency .
“ This plaintiff is requesting a suspension ( of his removal ) without attesting to the facts that are alleged , and , what is more , he disappears to the point where his lawyers say he is nowhere to be found , ” Justice Yvan Roy wrote in a May 26 decision rejecting Trabelsi 's request .
The Immigration and Refugee Board ruled last year that Trabelsi 's role in the corruption that drew the wrath of Tunisian mobs during the 2011 Jasmine Revolution disqualifies him from remaining in Canada .
Citing evidence that Trabelsi , 53 , had taken bribes to help foreign companies land government contracts in Tunisia , the IRB concluded there was reason to believe he was guilty of “ serious non-political crimes , specifically fraud on the government , fraud and laundering proceeds of crime . ”
After Trabelsi 's sister Leila married Ben Ali in 1994 , his business fortunes soared . The IRB decision described the billionaire as Tunisia 's “ most prominent businessman ” and “ one of the most influential people ” in the country before the 2011 .
Mr. Trabelsi had argued that he amassed his business empire , including holdings in hotels , real estate , aviation and broadcasting , through hard work and entrepreneurial savvy , not government assistance .
The IRB cited a 2014 World Bank report that documented how the Ben Ali family and others close to the regime were receiving more than one-fifth of all private-sector profits in the country at the time the regime was toppled .
Trabelsi 's wife , Zohra Djilani , and their four children have been granted refugee status in Canada , according to Trabelsi 's lawyer . The lawyer said they have not disappeared , but Jilani claims not to know where her husband is .
Trabelsi was convicted in absentia and sentenced to 15 years in prison for corruption , unlawful trade in precious metals and unlawful transfer of currency .
• Email : ghamilton @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : grayhamilton
1 Erik Lamela in action for Tottenham
Juventus have offered Tottenham the chance to offload winger Erik Lamela this summer , according to reports in Italy .
The Italian champions have already set to work on strengthening their squad for next season and boss Massimiliano Allegri is confident he can convince the 23-year-old to return to Serie A , where he previously played with Roma .
According to Italian news outlet Calcio Mercato , Old Lady sporting director Fabio Paratici has been in London this week and met with Lamela 's representatives .
Despite struggling to settle in north London during his first season at the club , Lamela was a regular in Mauricio Pochettino 's team last term , scoring five goals in 46 appearances .
Spurs are reportedly keen to keep the attacker at White Hart Lane but could be convinced to cash in if the club recoup most of the £30m which was spent to land him in August 2013 .
The Argentine has emerged as Juve 's top summer target after the Turin club failed to convince Chelsea to part company with talented Brazilian Oscar .
It 's official : America is out of the TPP .
At a meeting in Vietnam , U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said that the United States will not be returning to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement .
“ The United States pulled out of the TPP and it 's not going to change that decision . That does not mean we will not engage in this region , ” Lighthizer told a news conference in Hanoi , Vietnam . He was attending a meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation countries .
“ The president made a decision that I certainly agree with – that bilateral negotiations are better for the United States than multilateral negotiations , ” he said . “ I believe at some point there will be a series of bilateral agreements with partners in this part of the world . ”
In their high-level talks Sunday , the remaining 11 countries announced they looked forward to continuing the trade deal without U.S. involvement , Reuters reported .
New Zealand Trade Minister Todd McClay told reporters that the reaming countries were “ going to put forward proposals on how to take TPP forward in November . ”
On January 23 , Trump signed an executive order withdrawing the United States from any involvement in the TPP trade deal .
Australia 's trade minister Steve Ciobo said that they planned to “ leave the door open to the United States . ”
“ It may not suit US interests at this point in time to be part of the TPP but circumstances might change in the future , ” he said .
The TPP took more than five years to negotiated and covered 40 percent of the global economy before the United States pulled out .
China welcomed the news , as they have been against greater economic cooperation between the Asian countries and the United States . Beijing is pushing its own Asia-based free-trade pact called the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership .
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers ' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources . When you share to your friends , however , you greatly help distribute our content . Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family . Thank you .
Get the biggest What 's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Now in its 19th year , the Manchester Food and Drink Festival ( MFDF ) will return for 12 days of eating , drinking and showcasing top talent from the city and beyond in 2016 .
The event takes place from September 29 to October 9 and will feature a new and improved festival hub in Albert Square . The bespoke , pop-up food village will be open from 12pm – 11pm every day with a whole new design and layout and some first-time additions .
In situ throughout the festival will be the city 's best mix of street food traders ( from Manchester and beyond ) , Marstons Ale Trail Bar , Vin Van Voom Wine , the MFDF live music stage and the now legendary Manchester 's 100 Greatest Beer Bar .
The festival Bake-Off will return to the hub on October 9 , where amateur bakers can enter the race to become Manchester 's second MFDF Bake Off Champion . In addition there 'll be a rolling programme of pop up events , mini festivals , masterclasses and more .
Read more :
MFDF will be an opportunity to see some of the finest talent perform gastronomic alchemy – at live cookery theatres , banquets and pop up dinner events . Confirmed culinary stars so far include Nadiya Hussain ( Great British Bake Off ) , who will be performing in the Live Cookery Theatre and sharing her home grown baking tips on Saturday October 8 .
Manchester House 's Aiden Byrne will be performing live at the festival , as well as collaborating with others for a special festival spectacular with Nacho Manzano , the three Michelin starred executive chef of Iberica , Manzano will be visiting Manchester especially for the Festival and hosting a one off , extra special MFDF event on October 4 .
Susy Atkins , one of UK 's best known and loved wine writers and experts , will be stepping out of Saturday Kitchen straight to Manchester , where she 'll be performing at MFDF 's second annual Three Wine Women event on September 29 .
Read more :
Adam Reid , head chef at The French by Simon Rogan and previous MFDF ‘ Chef of the Year ' will be sharing secrets at the festival hub , as well as staging his very own , one-off restaurant this year . EAT With Adam will be Reid 's MFDF Festaurant on October 4 , 5 and 6 . Tickets will cost £60 and go on sale soon .
Jackie Kearney , author of Vegan Street Food and Masterchef runner-up will be gracing MFDF with her meat and dairy free experimental vegan banquet and Ginger 's Comfort Emporium 's Claire Kelsey and the rest of her MilkJam crew , baking goddess Charlotte O'Toole of Bakeorama and Nicky Griffiths of Lush Brownieswill also be teaming up for a special pop up .
Kate Goodman , founder and owner of the award-winning Reserve Wines will be back on board at MFDF for Three Wine Women as well as The Big Indie Wine Fest at Whitworth Park on October 7 and 8 .
Ramsbottom 's critically acclaimed Spanish restaurant Baratxuri will also be holding a city centre pop up restaurant at the festival , bringing their delicious Basque Country themed menu out from the suburbs and into the heart of Manchester for one night only .
Read more :
From Spain to Italy , and this year the Festival will be celebrating the country that has perhaps given the world more cuisine to treasure than anywhere else . MFDF has teamed up with Manchester restaurant Salvi 's to stage a weekend dedicated to the likes of Buffalo Mozzarella , Gorgonzola , Prosecco , pizza , gelato , olive oil , salami , Parma ham , Primativo and stacks more .
As well as inviting their favourite supplier to Manchester , Salvi 's will also be hosting a “ 20 Metre Pizza ” street collaboration as well as dedicated ‘ Italian heritage ' walks around the city .
The festival fringe will also see a host of food events across Manchester 's restaurants , bars , cafes , delis , museums and more . The full programme will be announced over the coming months , but participating venues include El Gato Negro , Hawksmoor , Iberica , Eagle and Child , Tariff and Dale , Mr Cooper 's , Albert 's Schloss , Harvey Nichols , Heaton Hops , James Martin and many more .
The Bookatable Festival Feast will be a series of limited edition , bespoke , dining menus , created by Manchester 's restaurants especially for the Manchester Food and Drink festival in association with Bookatable .
Finally , the Manchester Food and Drink Festival Gala Dinner and Awards will be taking place on October 10 . Full details of the location for the Dinner and the Awards Shortlist will be announced in June .
Read more :
Many gamers spent hours scouring every nook and cranny of Arkham Asylum last year . Whether it was Riddler trophies , interview tapes , or Chronicles of Arkham , the game was n't short on hidden goodies . However , there was one area that most people never even knew existed ... Warden Quincy Sharp 's secret room . Inside this area , you can clearly see blueprints that lay out Arkham City . We ask developer Rocksteady how it remained hidden for so long and we provide a video guide on how to find it yourself .
Even if you 've played Batman : Arkham Asylum through and through , got 100 percent clearance , and unlocked all of the achievements or trophies , you still probably have n't found Warden Sharp 's secret room right off of his office . It 's not located on any of the maps . You ca n't see the weak wall with Batman 's detective vision . And you can only blow it up with several applications of explosive foam . We asked Rocksteady Studios lead narrative designer Paul Crocker how the team kept it hidden in the Internet age :
While building Batman : Arkham Asylum , we placed a number of ‘ hooks ' into the game that tie into the ‘ Arkham-Verse ' . From the beginning we knew that Quincy was a bad guy , and planned what his next move would be . The room obviously ties into Arkham City , but to be fair , we hid it pretty well . We did assume that it would be found eventually and after following forum posts for 6 months or so , decided to announce it in the ‘ Game of the Year ' podcast . The fans of the game have been amazing and again , reading the forums , we can see how much they value the efforts we have put into creating the background stories for the various characters and it was great to see all the posts and theories about the secret room once it was discovered . What I think people are really going to enjoy is not just how Arkham Asylum led to Arkham City , but also how the story in Arkham City sheds new light on the events you saw in Arkham Asylum .
Go ahead and give Arkham Asylum another spin in your console if you 'd like to check it out for yourself . We show you exactly how to find it in the video below .
by James Black | Guest Contributor
After years of going to and fro with investigations and appeals HMRC finally received a judgement in their favour at the Court of Session yesterday .
Unsurprisingly , Twitter went into meltdown . Ranger fans discussed what this meant for the club going forward and the implications for the liquidators of the Oldco whilst fans of every other club sniffed blood . It felt like the summer of 2012 all over again with some fans demanding `` justice '' and others hatching plots to see Rangers stripped of any and all trophies won in the spell that EBT 's were used .
This was n't limited to just fans though . Several prominent members of the Scottish football press pack saw this as an opportunity to revive an old favourite of theirs . Rangers were `` cheats '' and deserved to have titles removed due to an unfair sporting advantage caused by having different tax schemes in operation . Yeah , I do n't quite get it either .
The masses were right . Rangers had cheated the public purse . Sir David Murray , who the claim was ultimately against , and BDO could still appeal the decision to the Supreme Court however either party are yet to comment on their next move.Unsurprisingly , Twitter went into meltdown . Ranger fans discussed what this meant for the club going forward and the implications for the liquidators of the Oldco whilst fans of every other club sniffed blood . It felt like the summer of 2012 all over again with some fans demanding `` justice '' and others hatching plots to see Rangers stripped of any and all trophies won in the spell that EBT 's were used.This was n't limited to just fans though . Several prominent members of the Scottish football press pack saw this as an opportunity to revive an old favourite of theirs . Rangers were `` cheats '' and deserved to have titles removed due to an unfair sporting advantage caused by having different tax schemes in operation . Yeah , I do n't quite get it either .
Anyway , this continued into today and now there are special `` Twibbons '' bearing the hashtag # stripthetitles , a Channel 4 journalist ( or should that be stenographer ? ) wanted to know if recently retired Scottish FA president , and former Rangers secretary , Campbell Ogilvie planned to resign his presidency , and there 's no doubt an online petition demanding some kind of title stripping too .
There seemed to be a real notion that Rangers had gained some of sporting advantage by managing their tax affairs in this way . Some suggested it allowed the club to bring in players that would perhaps be beyond their financial reach and the judgement yesterday even suggest players `` might '' have taken their services elsewhere if they did n't receive a suitable financial package .
So I decided to take a look .
Rangers spent £47m on EBT 's between 2001 and 2010 so roughly £5.25m per year . Not a massive sum really . Particularly not when you look at the club 's transfer spending in the early part of that spell .
The staff who received EBT 's were ; Alan Hutton , Alex McLeish , Alex Rae , Andrei Kanchelskis , Andrew Dickson * , Arthur Numan , Barry Ferguson , Bert Konterman * , Bert van Lingen , Billy Dodds , Bob Malcolm , Carlos Cuellar * , Chris Burke , Christian Nerlinger * , Claudio Caniggia , Craig Moore , Dado Prso * , Dan Eggen * , Sir David Murray , Dick Advocaat , Douglas Odam , Egil Ostenstad * , Fernando Ricksen , Federico Nieto * , Gavin Rae , George Adams , Graeme Souness , Gregory Vignal * , Ian McGuinness , Ian Murray , Jan Wouters , Jean-­Alain Boumsong * , Jerome Bonnissel * , Jesper Christiansen , Joel le Hir * , John Greig , John McClelland , Julien Rodriguez * , Kevin Muscat * , Kris Boyd , Libor Sionko * , Lorenzo Amoruso , Martin Bain , Marvin Andrews , Mo Ross , Michael Ball * , Michael Mols , Mikel Arteta * , Nacho Novo , Neil McCann , Nuno Capucho * , Olivier Bernard * , Paolo Vanoli * , Paul le Guen * , Pedro Mendes * , Peter Lovenkrands , Ronald de Boer , Ronald Wattereus * , Sasa Papac * , Soti Kyrgiakos * , Stefan Klos , Stephane Wiertelak * , Steve Davis , Stevie Smith , Stevie Thompson , Tero Penttila , Thomas Buffel * , Tore Andre Flo , Yves Colleu * and Zurab Khizanishvili .
The names in bold are staff who were either already at the club before the EBT scheme started in 2001 or they are players who came through the club 's youth system . Of the £47m spent by the club £20.7m was spent on staff already at the club . They `` might '' have taken their talent 's elsewhere however all were under contract to the club prior to the first EBT being set up .
Big names like Ronald de Boer , Arthur Numan , Dick Advocaat and Barry Ferguson all benefited from the scheme however all of them were already at Rangers before the Murray Group decided to reduce it 's tax liabilities . Again , they might have gone elsewhere but this would have need the club to sell them or the players to run down their contracts .
Watch the incredible events of Helicopter Sunday in 2005 :
The remaining staff all joined the club at some point in 2001 or beyond . Looking at the list there 's very few who anyone could make a reasonable argument for that they would n't either join Rangers without an EBT as part of their deal OR were that good a player that Rangers would have looked a hugely different side without them . Many of them came from Scottish clubs before moving to Ibrox and some were self­-confessed fans .
Nacho Novo , Claudio Caniggia , Marvin Andrews and a few others all joined from Scottish clubs . Were these players only moving to Ibrox for a tax-free loan ?
Could Rangers have out­muscled the likes of Dundee financially ? Yeah , probably . Rangers supporters Alex Rae and Steve Davis also moved to the club and received an EBT . Both players were well-known as fans of the club . Rae was coming to the end of his career , Davis had just completed a successful loan spell at Ibrox .
Adding players ( in italics ) who joined Rangers from other Scottish sides or who were known as fans of the club takes the total to £26.6m out of £47m .
What we 're left with ( * ) is a group of fairly average players , with some exceptions , who hardly set the world alight in their time in Scotland . Guys like Soti Kyrgiakos , Olivier Bernard , Paolo Vanoli and Dan Eggen . That 's an unfair `` sporting advantage '' to Rangers ?
There are others like Dado Prso and Carlos Cuellar who were fantastic players during their time at Ibrox but could you seriously argue that an EBT was what brought them to Scotland ? It was n't Champions League football , 50,000 fans idolising them every other Saturday and the opportunity to live very comfortably indeed in a country we like to trump as one of the most beautiful on the planet ?
It definitely was n't any of that but it was the possibility of a tax free loan that might not really be a loan ? None of them were hugely sought after and the better ones tended to move on fairly quickly . Arteta , Boumsong , Cuellar all spent short spells in Govan with Arteta being to only one to lift a league trophy .
Others , like Sasa Papac , had longer spells at the club and while being successful on the pitch were n't highly rewarded via EBTs . Papac , for example , earned £319k through his EBT .
Watch highlights of the 2002 Scottish Cup Final win over Celtic :
So that 's the money aspect of it . Now let 's look at what Rangers actually won between 2001 and 2010 . I 'll start at the 2001/02 season since any player playing in the previous season would have had a contract signed in 2000 which is before the Murray Group began using EBTs .
2001/02 : ­ Scottish Cup & League Cup Double ( Celtic won the league )
2002/03 : ­ Treble ( Rangers win the league by one goal )
2003/04 : ­ Nothing ( Celtic win league and Scottish Cup )
2004/05 : ­ League & League Cup Double ( Celtic win Scottish Cup , Rangers win league by one point )
2005/06 : ­ Nothing ( Celtic win league & League Cup )
2006/07 : ­ Nothing ( Celtic win league & Scottish Cup )
2007/08 : ­ Scottish Cup & League Cup Double ( Celtic win league )
2008/09 : ­ League & Scottish Cup Double ( Celtic win League Cup )
2009/10 : ­ League & League Cup Double
In nine seasons Rangers won four league titles , four Scottish Cups and five League Cups . By comparison Celtic won five league titles , three Scottish Cups and two League Cups . Hibs and Livingston were the two other sides to win a League Cup during the spell , Dundee United and Hearts both lifted the Scottish Cup .
Now that it is broken down a bit , I challenge anyone to pick a year and explain to me exactly what unfair `` sporting advantage '' Rangers gained . Celtic won just about as much as Rangers did , which compared to the ten years previous is a damn sight better than they had been doing , and regularly beat Rangers during the time of EBT 's .
Alex McLeish had the longest run of defeats to Celtic of any Rangers manager in history right in the middle of the EBT scheme . Maybe it 's just me but I 'm really struggling to see where there 's any unfair `` sporting advantage '' .
Then again , maybe this is n't `` sporting '' after all ...
The taxman finally won .
“ The significant problems we face can not be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them . ”
—Albert Einstein
As the negative consequences of human-induced environmental and social changes are becoming increasingly obvious , there is a growing recognition that “ status quo ” approaches to resource development and management , rooted in the dominant , largely linear , reductionist worldview , are failing .
Over the last years , several integrative fields of inquiry—such as systems science , resilience science , ecosystem health , ethnoecology , deep ecology Gaia theory , biocultural diversity , among others—have been advancing our understanding of the complex non-linear and multi-scale relationships between people and nature . To better enable us to tackle the multiple challenges facing the planet , our home , many of these fields of inquiry seek to develop respectful and equitable ways of generating knowledge about our relationship with the natural world through braiding traditional knowledge systems and conventional “ Western ” science .
This shift in thinking is particularly significant because of the contributions that traditional territories of indigenous peoples make toward sustaining biocultural diversity and the carbon stocks . According to the Right and Resources Initiative—an NGO working on land and resource rights of Indigenous peoples and local communities—though the world 's indigenous peoples make up fewer than 4 percent of the world 's population , their traditional territories support about 80 percent of the world 's biological diversity . In addition , even without counting the carbon stored in the soil , indigenous territories contain close to a quarter of the carbon stored above ground in the world 's tropical forests and northern subarctic peatlands and wetlands .
For centuries , the Altai people have herded their livestock across the plateaus and through the mountain passes of the Altai Mountains in Central Asia . With its outstanding landscapes and rich diversity , the region gained international recognition when the Golden Mountains of Altai were designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1998. Credit : Gleb Raygorodetsky
Moreover , around the world , the indigenous territories are also the spaces where millennia-old indigenous systems of knowledge generation and practice meet modern technology and scientific insights . One of the more positive outcomes is the generation of new knowledge critical for developing culturally appropriate and relevant climate change adaptation and mitigation responses .
For generations , Indigenous peoples the world over have been monitoring what happens on their traditional territories . It was not just an academic exercise for them . It was vital to their way of life . When does freeze-up begin ? Are there fewer animals today than a few years ago ? Are there more fires in the forest ? Based on these observations , they would adjust their activities on the land—move their camp to a new place or stop hunting in a given area . These observations , embedded in their cultural practices and worldview , have guided their relationships with the living world .
To maintain humankind 's resilience in the face of change , we must draw on the best available knowledge , regardless of its origins—whether it is indigenous knowledge rooted in a millennium of meticulous on-the-land observations of phenology , weather and animal behavior , or contemporary scientific methodologies that rely on satellites to remotely capture large-scale habitat changes , track animal movements or monitor climate .
Ilchamus fisherman on Lake Baringo , Kenya . Credit : Gleb Raygorodetsky
We need to move from our past reductive , dualistic conceptualization towards a multiple evidence based ( MEB ) approach—an innovative framework adopted by the UN 's Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services ( IPBES ) . The MEB approach braids indigenous and scientific knowledge systems together to support and enhance decision-making and ultimately the resilience of interlinked social and ecological systems . The MEB approach preserves the integrity of each knowledge system by recognizing that the interpretation and authentication of knowledge takes place primarily within , rather than across , different knowledge systems .
The process of braiding knowledge systems creates opportunities to develop a deeper understanding of observed events and their consequences . It facilitates joint assessment of information , leading to new insights and innovations , and results in better informed actions .
These opportunities are being realized around the world more and more . In Asia , the Karen villagers of Hin Lad Nai in northern Thailand , in partnership with researchers , have demonstrated that that their millennia-old traditions of swidden agriculture are an invaluable resource for sustaining biodiversity and carbon stocks . In Central America , indigenous peoples practicing their traditional low-carbon livelihoods on ancestral territories are being recognized by the conservation community as the best guardians of the region 's biodiversity . In Australia , traditional fire management by aboriginal peoples , braided with scientific research , has led to the development of climate change mitigation approaches that decrease greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions from savannah fires , while enhancing biodiversity . And in North America , the Environmental Monitoring and Science Division of Alberta Environment and Parks , guided by the Indigenous Wisdom Advisory Panel , is developing new approaches to documenting and interpreting environmental change based on the knowledge co-creation between indigenous and scientific knowledge systems .
Ancestral principle of Hishuk ish tsa'walk—Everything Is One — is the foundation for how Tla-o-qui-aht people steward their traditional territory , designated as Tla-o-qui-hat Tribal Parks , for future generations . Credit : Gleb Raygorodetsky
The MEB approach requires engagement with indigenous peoples that is empathic , equitable , and empowering to support knowledge co-creation . Such process , however , can work only when the rights of indigenous peoples to make decisions about land use are acknowledged and respected . Though this is formally required by the U.N . Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples ( UNDRIP ) —which has been endorsed by 148 countries , including the United States and Canada—in reality , indigenous land rights around the world are legally recognized on less than 20 percent of their traditional areas . And this is despite all the benefits that indigenous territories provide to the global community and our planet 's ecological health .
Implementing the multiple evidence based framework to further knowledge co-creation between indigenous and scientific knowledge systems is an important way to help advance the recognition of the leadership role of indigenous peoples in stewarding their lands and waters . This is key if the indigenous territories are to continue to play a fundamental role in conserving biocultural diversity , addressing climate change and sustaining health of our shared home—planet Earth .
MangaGamer , the international publisher of English localized visual novels have announced that their limited edition run of Kara no Shoujo ( Voiced Edition ) hard copies is now available for pre-order via their official website . To be sent out beginning the 3rd December 2013 , this limited edition collection priced at $ 44.95 will feature the full visual novel in addition to a bonus 11-track BGM collection , all packaged in a special slipcase .
Synopsis
March , 1956 .
Tokyo ; a metropolis finally starting to recover ten long years after Japan 's defeat in the War . Private eye Tokisaka Reiji accepts a strange request from a girl in Inokashira Park .
“ I want you to look for something . Me . My true self . ”
Meanwhile , a series of bizarre murders is plaguing the area , one where young women are disappearing , only to turn up dead and maimed with their wombs torn out . Seeking assistance on the case , Detective Uozumi Kyoko called up his old friend and former co-worker , Reiji .
Ouba Girls Academy ; a school on the outskirts of Hoya City . Reiji 's little sister attends this school , where two young women have mysteriously vanished . Saeki Tokio , the vice principal , calls in Reiji to investigate their disappearance , giving him his third case . Reiji infiltrates the academy as a substitute teacher to glean information from the students—but that 's when he meets her once again .
Kuchiki Toko—his first client , the girl who asked him to search for her true self . Her manner is distinctly boyish as she remarks : “ Heya – so we meet again , Mr. Detective. ” The body count continues to rise . What should be a simple search for some students is starting to grow out of control . For some reason , the number of missing people and unidentified bodies do n't match up .
Who will be chosen as the next victim ? As the endless cycle of tragedy continues , what mysteries lie behind these new cases ? Behind a similar series of murders from six years ago ?
Vanessa Carmichael , writing for the Huffington Post , is claiming that “ white conservatives ” will “ seize on anything ” that will support the “ white supremacy ” that rules the United States .
In her article “ About That Racist Email Your Grandmother Got… , ” Carmichael complains about her “ soon-to-be grandmother-in-law , ” who saw an interview on Sean Hannity in which a black woman criticized “ the Black Lives Matter movement for highlighting police brutality while basically ignoring black-on-black crime . ”
Carmichael dismisses that assertion , and instead says that , sometimes , “ liberal black people ” do n't want to talk about their problems because they do n't trust white people : “ liberal black people might talk about their concern more openly and fervently if they felt they could trust white people to end racial injustice and police brutality . ”
And part of the reason for that is because “ white conservatives will seize on anything to maintain the status quo , which enshrines white supremacy . ”
It 's logical , in a way , for racist conservatives to do this , Carmichael continues . “ Scapegoats are
convenient and work is hard enough , ” she writes . “ It 's great to not have to deal with your race when applying for a job or working at the office . It 's great to not have to worry about your race when a cop pulls you over . ”
She continues , “ It is in the interest of white conservatives to avoid fair competition by preserving these privileges , and that is the primary reason why Fox News will continue to pander to them by talking about black-on-black crime rather than police brutality . ”
“ It is in the interest of white conservatives to avoid fair competition by preserving these privileges , and that is the primary reason why Fox News will continue to pander to them by talking about black-on-black crime rather than police brutality , ” Carmichael argues .
White people have work to do , Carmichael concludes . “ Conservatives have just as much work to do in changing the straight white male hegemony in our institutions , media , and corporations , ” she writes .
The 2014 Oscars are in the books -- and we finally have answers to the questions that have been nagging award-season-watchers for months : Yes , `` 12 Years a Slave '' beat `` Gravity '' and `` American Hustle '' for best picture . And surfer-dude-turned-serious-actor Matthew McConaughey won the best-actor Oscar for `` Dallas Buyers Club '' ? Find full Oscar coverage at www.nola.com/movies and on Twitter at @ MoviegoerMike . And the winners are ...
Best picture : `` 12 Years a Slave ''
Best director : Alfonso Cuaron , `` Gravity ''
Best lead actor : Matthew McConaughey , `` Dallas Buyers Club ''
Best lead actress : Cate Blanchett , `` Blue Jasmine ''
Best supporting actor : Jared Leto , `` Dallas Buyers Club ''
Best supporting actress : Lupita N'yongo , `` 12 Years a Slave ''
Best animated feature : `` Frozen ''
Best feature documentary : `` 20 Feet From Stardom ''
Best foreign-language film : `` The Great Beauty ''
Best adapted screenplay : `` 12 Years A Slave ''
Best original screenplay : Spike Jonze , `` Her ''
Best cinematography : `` Gravity ''
Best costume design : Catherine Martin , `` The Great Gatsby ''
Best film editing : `` Gravity ''
Best makeup and hairstyling : Adruitha Lee and Robin Mathews , `` Dallas Buyers Club ''
Best original score : `` Gravity ''
Best original song : `` Let It Go , '' from `` Frozen ''
Best production design : `` The Great Gatsby ''
Best sound editing : `` Gravity ''
Best sound mixing : `` Gravity ''
Best visual effects : `` Gravity ''
Best animated short : Mr. Hublot
Best live-action short : `` Helium ''
Best documentary short : `` The Lady in Number 6 : Music Saved My Life ''
Clashes raise fears of escalating confrontations as the government vows to crack down on dissent.reports from Istanbul
ISTANBUL // Two months after anti-government protests shook Turkey , the ruling party has warned activists against embarking on a `` hot autumn '' of discontent .
Police in Istanbul used tear gas late on Tuesday as protesters prepared to march towards Gezi Park , the centre of the June unrest that began when security forces cracked down on a protest against government plans to redevelop the park .
Ertugrul Kurkcu , a member of parliament for the Party for Peace and Democracy ( BDP ) , Turkey 's main Kurdish party , said police had fired tear gas at him during the confrontation .
`` I do n't know how hot the autumn will become , but the root causes for the protests are still there , '' Mr Kurkcu said .
`` It all depends on how the government reacts '' to renewed demonstrations . If the government sticks to its tough stance , `` tension will be inevitable '' , he added .
The BDP supported the countrywide protests , in which five demonstrators and one police officer were killed .
Mr Kurkcu said the campaigning for local elections next March , the first test of voter support for the government since the Gezi unrest , was also likely to increase friction in the coming months .
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , the prime minister , this week called on his ruling Justice and Development Party to use the elections to highlight `` how democratic this country actually is '' .
While the Erdoğan government has accused protestors of vandalism , they say the prime minister is displaying signs of authoritarianism and of ignoring the views of those who do not share his views .
Tuesday 's incident in Istanbul followed a clash between protesters and police in the southern city of Antakya late on Monday . Police used water cannon and tear gas to disperse that group .
The Gezi riots were sparked by a brutal police intervention against protesters in Gezi Park , next to Taksim Square .
The unrest mushroomed into the biggest challenge to Mr Erdoğan in his 10 years in power before dying down with the start of the summer holidays towards the end of June .
Now , incidents such as the ones in Istanbul and Adana suggest that anti-government demonstrations could flare up again .
Also on Monday , fans at a top-league football match in Istanbul chanted slogans in support of the protest movement , despite a government ban on political slogans in football stadiums .
Mr Erdoğan this month vowed that police would intervene to stop a new wave of protests .
`` Those who want to try it should know that all the security forces of this country are ready to give the necessary response and to put everybody in his proper place in case he does n't know his limits , '' he said .
The prime minister was responding to a reporter 's question about a possible `` hot autumn '' this year . The phrase was first used by Mustafa Balbay , a journalist sentenced this month to life in prison for involvement in a suspected nationalist coup attempt against Mr Erdoğan .
Ankara said it was concerned that the protest movement might try to provoke new tensions to portray the government in a bad light .
Bulent Arinc , a deputy prime minister and government spokesman , said during a television interview that demonstrators could try to put the government under pressure ahead of the local elections in seven months .
`` We have intelligence suggesting that these protests could come up again in the near future with different aims and different forms . ''
The sports minister , Suat Kilic , said activists bent on turning football stadiums into venues of political demonstrations would `` pay the price '' .
He also said the authorities would move to prevent protest marches in universities . Meanwhile , the state agency in charge of student grants said those who had taken part in actions of `` resistance , boycott , occupation , writing slogans , making signs and shouting slogans '' would not receive their money .
According to news reports , police had been stocking up on tear gas and 60 new water cannon vehicles were ordered in expectation of further unrest .
Some say a new confrontation is likely .
Ozgur Peynirci , a law student and member of the protest movement , said he expected student demonstrations to flare up during the new university term , which starts in mid-September .
`` It will continue in September , '' he said of the protests . `` It will become more lively '' than before the start of the Gezi unrest , he added in reference to student life at universities in Turkey .
Erdem Gunduz , a dancer who became known as `` The Standing Man '' after he pioneered a silent form of protest at Taksim Square in June that was copied by demonstrators all over the country , said there was a general expectation of a `` hot autumn '' in Turkey , although he remained sceptical .
`` Many people say it will start in September , but I do n't agree with them , '' he said .
But there was a risk of escalation if the state overreacts , he added .
`` The government is afraid of every small demonstration . ''
tseibert @ thenational.ae
twitter : For breaking news from the Gulf , the Middle East and around the globe follow The National World . Follow us
Former Maryland men 's basketball coach Gary Williams and current Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski are probably still close friends , but it 's preferable to live in a fantasy world where they maintain a Donald Trump vs. Ted Cruz-level feud . It 's just more fun that way . Especially when , you know , Williams actually is critical of his former Atlantic Coast Conference rival .
On Friday , Williams came on Washington 's 980 AM 's `` The Drive '' to talk about the Terps ' loss to Kansas , the team 's pro prospects , and the end-of-game weirdness Thursday night between Duke and Oregon . To recap : The Ducks blow out the Blue Devils in the Sweet 16 . Oregon 's Dillon Brooks hits meaningless , last-minute 3-pointer and celebrates . Krzyzewski lectures Brooks postgame about being better than that , then denies he lectured Brooks .
Williams said the moral calculus of determining the right course of action late in a one-sided win can be difficult for some players . Greivis Vasquez , after all , once hit a just-for-giggles , buzzer-beating 3-pointer in a road win against North Carolina State .
`` If you 're up 10 with 30 seconds left , the other team does n't play defense , '' Williams said . `` You just go down to half-court and dribble the basketball , and sometimes you get called for the shot-clock [ violation ] . You do n't know what to do , whether to just hand it to the referee with four seconds left and let the other team bring it inbounds or whatever . ''
That Krzyzewski would morph into his Leader of Men alter ego and reprimand Brooks for a harmless shot , especially in a season during which he has been seen as lax on punishing serial tripper Grayson Allen , seemed to irk Williams .
`` Coach K did say something to the kid about how you 're supposed to act at the end of the game , '' Williams said . `` And I 'm thinking , ‘ Did n't that guy Allen trips a couple of guys during the season ? ' And that bothered me a little bit , because Mike , he 's done what no other coach has done . I think , in the modern era , there 's no argument who the best coach is . So if I 'm on the other team , I 'm coaching that team . I do n't want any other coach talking to my players about how they should act . That 's my job to take care of that . ''
No doubt spurred to action by Williams , Krzyzewski issued a blanket apology Saturday that in part read : `` It is not my place to talk to another team 's player and doing so took the focus away from the terrific game that Dillon played . ''
Good job , good effort , everybody .
Listen : Grime & Dancehall MC Stylo G Stops by Rinse FM
Leading the way in the UK bashment explosion with big big hits like his Summer smash “ Call Mi A Yardie , ” Stylo G recently stopped by UK 's Rinse FM .
He talked about moving from Jamaica to England , his father ( dancehall star Poison Chang ) as well as the links between dancehall and grime/jungle . He also performed past hits , upcoming single “ Tracksuit ” and rhymed over riddims like Ice Rink and Stalag and even a jungle beat .
Additionally , Gabriel Heatwave and Rubi Dan bring us :
Tiana ‘ s counteraction to Popcaan ‘ s “ Ravin ”
‘ s counteraction to ‘ s “ Ravin ” Wayne Marshall alongside Toddla T and Skream
alongside and More tunes on the Overproof riddim , home to Mavado ‘ s “ Settle Down ”
Listen
Tracklisting
“ Bruk It Down ” By Mr Vegas “ Call Mi A Yardie Remix ” By Stylo G & Kardinal Offishall “ Final Destination ” By Mavado “ Always ” By Gaza Slim “ Ravin ” By Popcaan “ Pum Pum Phat ” By Tiana “ Summer Time ” By Vybz Kartel “ British Love ” By Vybz Kartel “ Streets So Warm ” By Wayne Marshall , Toddla T & Skream “ Oh Na Na ” By Serocee “ Wine De Best ” By Busy Signal , Kano & Fatman Scoop “ Settle DownBuy ” By Mavado “ Caribbean Girls ” By Aidonia “ Let 's Go ” By Beenie Man “ Sometimes You Just Know ( Overproof Riddim ) ” By Daniel Bedingfield “ Nuff GyalBuy ” By Demarco “ Dash Out ” By Tifa “ Dancehall Hero ” By Vybz Kartel “ All Dem A Talk ” By Mavado “ Mudd Up ( The Heatwave Special ) ” By Juvinile “ Blackberry ” By Warning Crew “ Swagga Dem ” By Stylo G “ Boasy ” By Stylo G “ Leader ( The Heatwave Special ) ” By Stylo G – The Early Years ( Interview ) “ Press Up ” By Poison Chang “ Love The Woman ( Dj Rap Remix ) ” By Poison Chang Stylo G – From JA to the UK ( Interview ) “ My Style ” By Stylo G – Future Plans ( Interview ) Stylo G – Gappy Ranks War ( Interview ) “ Call Mi A Yardie Remix ” By Stylo G & Kardinal Offishall “ Swagga Dem ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Boasy ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Call Mi A Yardie ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Gal Call Mi Up ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Tracksuit ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Bank Robber ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ My Yout ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Banger ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Sensi ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Spanish Town ( Live ) ” By Stylo G “ Sensi ” By Stylo G
Download
Flash back to late July . Yankees general manager Brian Cashman wanted to bring Alfonso Soriano back . He also wanted to extend trade talks with the Cubs rather than part with the live young right arm that belonged to Corey Black .
But owner Hal Steinbrenner , emulating his father 's get-it-done management style , did not want to wait another day to see what Soriano 's literally big bat could do to resuscitate the Yankees ' nearly moribund offense . The deal was done .
The Cubs converted Black , 22 , into a starting pitcher , and he relied on his mid-90s fastball to produce a 4-0 record with a 2.88 ERA for Daytona of the Florida State League . But the Yankees ' fourth-round draft choice in 2012 is a bit of a hold-your-breath prospect because he required Tommy John surgery at a young age .
There is no such uncertainty surrounding Soriano , even at 37 years young . He is among the primary reasons why the Yankees still have hope in their pursuit of the American League 's second wild-card berth .
Soriano homered for the second time in as many days Saturday , belting a solo shot into the leftfield seats on the first pitch thrown by Guillermo Moscoso to begin the sixth inning . That capped the scoring as the Yankees beat the Giants , 6-0 .
`` We are sure thankful it happened , '' manager Joe Girardi said of Soriano 's return . `` Since he got here , he provided a lot of punch to our lineup . ''
Soriano 's 17th home run for the Yankees gave him an even 50 RBIs in 52 games since the trade . He needed 93 games to reach 17 homers and 51 RBIs for the ever-rebuilding Cubs .
Subscribe to Newsday 's sports newsletter Receive stories , photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Soriano is hardly the first player to understand that there is something special about pulling on pinstripes . `` Here is different from Chicago , '' he said . `` Chicago has a lot of young guys with talent . Here are veteran guys with talent . They are more about winning here . ''
According to Elias Sports Bureau , Soriano became the fifth major-leaguer to drive in at least 50 runs for each of two teams in one season . He joined David Justice ( 2000 , Indians-Yankees ) , Carlos Beltran ( 2004 , Royals-Astros ) , Manny Ramirez ( 2008 , Red Sox-Dodgers ) and Matt Holliday ( 2009 , A's-Cardinals ) .
The Yankees were the organization that initially signed Soriano from San Pedro de Macoris in the Dominican Republic in 1998 . He played his first five major-league seasons with them , from 1999-2003 , before being traded for Alex Rodriguez .
Soriano batted .284 with 98 home runs , 270 RBIs and 121 stolen bases in 501 games during that span . Even with the arrival of Robinson Cano , Soriano 's 209 hits and 39 home runs in 2002 remain the most by a Yankees second baseman in a single season .
Soriano moved on and made the transition from second base to leftfield , but he did not forget his roots .
`` This was my first organization . I know what the Yankees mean , '' he said . `` It 's all about winning . ''
As the Yankees clinched their 21st consecutive winning season , Soriano could not feel more at home than he does at Yankee Stadium , where fans were quick to embrace him again . He has knocked in 35 runs in 26 games in the Bronx since his homecoming .
The price Cashman reluctantly paid might not be known for several years . It is hard to imagine it was too high .
Doomsday and 2012 . You 've probably heard rumblings , if not more , about a supposed connection . Many people point to an ancient Mayan calendar – made 1,200 years ago – as the source of the rumors . EarthSky spoke with Kathryn Reese-Taylor , professor of Mayan archaeology at Canada 's University of Calgary about what archaeology says about 2012 and doomsday prophecies .
What are the important facts people should know about 2012 and the Mayan calendar ?
I think that what people should know about 2012 is that it is basically something that we created , in the west . The Maya did not predict the end of the world , or even a huge transformation in the way that we 're conceiving of it today . The “ 2012 ” phenomenon came about through different kinds of grass-roots spiritual movements , interpretation of Maya writing that happened prior to really understanding what the glyphs were actually saying . So it 's an interesting phenomenon , but there is no archaeological basis for this phenomenon . And the Maya calendar does not really predict it ending in 2012 .
Many point to the Tortuguero Monument Six , an ancient Mayan carving in modern-day Tabasco , Mexico , as the source for the 2012 prophecies . What do scientists know about it and what does it say ?
Tortuguero Monument Six is a monument that was carved during the late classic period , which is approximately 600 to 800 A.D . The monument has probably around 80 glyphs – 80 different phrases or words or sentences on the monument . It 's quite a long inscription . The very final eight glyphs of the monument are the only ones that deal with the future date , 2012 , in any real way . Those particular glyphs say that this date , which happens to be a date in the Maya long count , 130,000 , will happen . And on that day , this particular deity will descend .
This particular deity is a very interesting deity , because he 's the patron deity of something called “ period endings. ” Period endings are long cycles of time that end . The Maya have a katun , which is 20 years . It 's kind of like our decade . And they have 400-year periods , one of which is ending on December 21 , 2012 . And this patron deity is going to descend because he is the patron deity that 's going to oversee all the ceremonies that happen on this particular day . That is all the Maya say about 2012 , on December 21st .
Did you leave out the part about the end of the world ?
No , because they actually did n't say that . Nowhere did the Maya say , at any point in time , that the world will end . They do n't even say that their calendar will end and it is going to restart . The Maya , in many inscriptions , such as from the Temple of the Inscriptions at Palenque , talk about dates far into the future . They have a date that is at 4772 A.D. , more than twice as far ahead of us as 2012 is from our year one . The Maya really did n't concern themselves with this date nearly as much as we do now in the 21st century .
Listen to the 8-minute and 90-second EarthSky interviews with Kathryn Reese-Taylor on the Mayans and the 2012 doomsday prophesies ( at top of page . )
The eight-years-long bloody disaster that was the Iraq War did nothing – absolutely nothing – to persuade its architects , promoters and defenders that military intervention in the region is perhaps not the best idea . With Iraq now falling to pieces as it struggles to contain the advance of the Islamic extremist group ISIS , the same public officials who made the spurious case for war in 2003 and the media outlets that aggressively backed it are once again agitating for armed conflict .
The Wall Street Journal editorial board was one of the Iraq War 's most fervent supporters . ( “ It will be the nasty weapons and the cheering Iraqis the coalition finds when it liberates the country , ” they predicted in February 2003 , wrongly . ) Now they want the U.S. to go back to war , and they 've even done the courtesy of drawing up their own battle plans .
Advertisement :
Mr. Obama now faces the choice of intervening anew with U.S. military force or doing nothing . The second option means risking the fall of Baghdad or a full-scale Iranian intervention to save Mr. Maliki 's government , either of which would be terrible strategic defeats . The alternative is to stage an intervention similar to what the French did in Mali in early 2013 , using a combination of air power and paratroops to defeat or at least contain ISIS . But that would be an admission that Mr. Obama 's policy in Iraq has failed , that his claims of retreat without risk from the Middle East were false and naive , and that his premature withdrawal now demands an emergency intervention .
It 's that simple ! Just send in some paratroopers , drop a few bombs and win . What comes after that ? Who cares ! Let 's have us a war . YEEE HAW !
The nonchalance with which a collection of newspaper editorialists can commit U.S. lives to intervening in a sectarian civil war is breathtaking . It took 100,000+ U.S. troops several years to make any progress in tamping down Iraq 's last civil war , with tens of thousands killed or wounded . It 's not clear what leads the Wall Street Journal to believe that paratroopers and bombers will be able to have more success this time around . But then , they have the luxury of not having to think any of this through or live with any of the consequences . It 's one of the benefits of being an armchair general .
As for the French model of intervention , let 's leave aside the irony of a gaggle of neocons using the French as a model for military action in Iraq and focus on the results of the Mali campaign . The French sent forces to Mali in January 2013 to beat back the Islamic extremists who had overrun the northern part of the country . They met with initial success , and Francois Hollande declared victory eight months later . Since then , the fighting has continued as extremist forces attempt to reassert themselves .
So , best guess , the Wall Street Journal envisions the U.S. commitment as being open-ended , an ongoing and expensive permanent military adventure . That 's what they wanted in Iraq the first time around , and we ended up with a generation-defining catastrophe that we 'll still be paying for decades from now .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Democratic lawmakers and several left-leaning groups say it 's time to reconsider the state 's decision not to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . Gov . Pat McCrory does n't think so .
North Carolina is one of 22 states that refused to expand Medicaid . The expansion was to increase the number of low-income people covered under the health care law and help offset cuts to hospital subsidies .
McCrory has said it would be foolish to expand the system that has been plagued by cost overruns , and he has pushed instead for reforming Medicaid . Legislative leaders also have questioned whether the federal government would live up to its promise to pick up the entire tab for the expansion for three years and 90 percent of the cost after that .
Since lawmakers voted in February to block any Medicaid expansion , several Republican governors in other states have changed their minds and now favor expansion , including Rick Scott in Florida , Jan Brewer in Arizona and , most recently , John Kasich in Ohio .
House Minority Leader Larry Hall said Monday that North Carolina lawmakers are experiencing some buyers ' remorse as they watch federal tax dollars flow into other states . Meanwhile , he said , rural hospitals are on the verge of closing because of lower Medicaid reimbursements , and as many as half a million uninsured people in North Carolina are finding out they 're too poor to qualify for federal subsidies for coverage under the Affordable Care Act .
`` I 've certainly had members of the House talk to me about it , about their concerns , '' said Hall , D-Durham . `` Everyone seems to be waiting for leadership , and that leadership is in the hands of the governor – to call a special session and bring everyone back and give them the proper information . ''
In an appearance at The Heritage Foundation last week , McCrory seemed to hint at the possibility that he could change his mind , but he issued a statement Monday afternoon that he has no plans to call a special session .
`` I will not sacrifice quality care for the people truly in need nor risk further budget overruns by expanding an already broken system , '' McCrory said . `` Calling a special session to further expand Obamacare in North Carolina is out of the question . ''
House Speaker Thom Tillis and Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger likewise scoffed at the notion of a special session , saying that the Medicaid decision has been settled .
`` An expansion of Medicaid would cost North Carolina taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars through 2021 . How do these Democratic party front groups suggest we pay for it ? How many teachers are they willing to fire ? How high are they willing to raise the sales tax on groceries and medicine ? How much are they willing to cut doctors ' and hospitals ' reimbursement rates ? '' Tillis and Berger said in a statement .
“ If these liberal activists were truly serious about reducing the cost of health insurance , they would be in Washington protesting Obamacare , an abomination that has caused insurance premiums to skyrocket for working families , '' they said .
Sen. Mike Woodard , D-Durham , said North Carolina 's tax money is paying for Medicaid growth in other states .
`` We have the opportunity to fix this , and people are starting to ask those questions , '' Woodard said . `` That 's why the time is now for us to act , because we 've elevated the dialogue to a national level . ''
Hospitals statewide are facing $ 800 million a year in cuts to reimbursement rates and would welcome a Medicaid expansion , said Don Dalton , a spokesman for the North Carolina Hospitals Association .
`` Providing Medicaid or an alternative insurance option for the state 's poor would open access to the health system , particularly crucial primary care . Treating illnesses at earlier , less costly stages and teaching patients how to live healthier will help reduce health care expenses and help mitigate overcrowding in hospital emergency departments , '' Dalton said in an email to WRAL News .
The Arab League , often seen as a do-nothing organisation , has confounded expectations by changing gears as revolutions sweep the Middle East .
Of all the startling changes that the Arab Spring has brought about , perhaps the most intriguing has been the transformation of the Arab League .
This 22-member organisation , previously seen as a comfortable club for Arab autocrats , has been rocked to its well-appointed and expensive foundations .
With the energetic and , by Arab standards , youthful prime minister of the wealthy gulf state of Qatar playing a leading role , the league let Egypt 's Mubarak fall with barely a murmur .
It voted to suspend Gaddafi 's Libya in February and watched while the Qataris assisted anti-government forces there . And a crucial vote in March in support of a no-fly zone enabled Nato to play a decisive role in swinging the war to the rebel side .
And then most unexpectedly of all , the Arab League took a hard stance against the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad .
Arab League Of the 22 member states 8 are monarchies
The headquarters in Cairo are next to Tahrir Square
2010 budget was US $ 61.2 million ( source : Arab News Today ) Profile : Arab League
In August , the league condemned the Syrian government for its repression of nationwide uprisings and called for an immediate end to the violence .
Then in November it suspended Syria for failing to stick to a deal that included halting military action and starting talks with the opposition .
And when Syria continued to prevaricate , the league slapped sanctions on the regime .
In all its previously unremarkable 66-year history , nothing quite like what has happened in the past few months has ever before occurred .
It 's as if a gentleman 's club , very wealthy , very smug and sure of itself , had suddenly been forced to drink deep from the revolutionary 's cup and found it rather intoxicating .
So how did it all come about ?
The Arab League was an organisation established in Cairo in 1945 primarily to be a counterweight to the looming and soon to be realised state of Israel .
Through the decades since , the league 's efforts to establish itself as a significant political force have been lacklustre at best .
Egypt 's influence in the league waned as the power and financial clout of the gulf states , especially Saudi Arabia , grew .
Although the league has a military protocol , and various members have waged wars on Israel over the years , its only previous joint exercise was , ironically , to join Syrian troops in Lebanon from 1976 to 1983 .
Countless summits have come and gone while the Arab League slumbered on , apparently unconcerned about human rights abuses , rampant poverty and unemployment , and the frequently brutal suppression of pro-democracy activists among its members .
Image caption Qatari PM Al Thani is known as 'peacemaker '
Then came the Arab spring .
As dictators fell one by one , the league began to wake up . Angry young Arabs were shouting and the risks of appearing not to listen were all too readily apparent .
Ignoring the Arab Spring was not an option . The alternative , to support the push for freedom , was scarcely more palatable for this league of autocrats . But influential players like Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah knew something had to give .
Facing pressures from western allies , and worried that their own populations were enthusiastically taking up the Syrian opposition cause on social media sites , the more energetic members of the club sat up and took notice .
None more so than Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani , the 52-year-old prime minister and foreign minister of Qatar .
One of the world 's wealthiest men , he 's earned the nickname `` peacemaker '' for his efforts over the years to broker reconciliations between warring factions in Africa and the Middle East .
Middle East observers see him as tough , bright and very much up to speed with what is happening in the region .
He grasped earlier than his colleagues that the league could not ignore the killing of unarmed civilians in Syria . And he pushed hard to suspend the country and impose sanctions against the embattled regime of President Bashar al-Assad .
Ever the pragmatist though , Jaber Al Thani had shown no public concern for the violence and killing of protesters in February and March in Qatar 's next-door gulf neighbour Bahrain . The Bahrainis were happy to return the favour by voting for sanctions against Syria .
Riyadh-based Saudi analyst Mohsen Al Awaji says `` without the personality of that man , the message would not have been delivered . His was the strong hand behind the process . ''
Others see the Qatari initiative as further proof that Saudi Arabia is out of touch and slow to move in fast changing circumstances .
`` Compared to the Saudi royals , the Qataris are in overdrive , they are hyperactive , '' says Middle East expert Peter Harling of the think tank International Crisis Group .
Harling argues that Qatari foreign policy is decided by a tight group - the emir , the prime minister and a few key advisors .
`` Their style , '' he adds `` fits the era . It 's a golden opportunity for them to stake a claim ''
The Turkish factor
Something else that may have forced the hand of the Arab League is non-member Turkey .
In recent weeks , Syria 's northern neighbour has been unequivocal in its condemnation of Bashir al Assad . And Turkey has provided sanctuary for defecting soldiers of the Syrian Free Army .
Image caption Protesters supported the Arab League 's condemnation of Syria
In the emerging game of chess that the tussle for regional supremacy has become , those moves threatened to leave the Arab League and arguably its most powerful member Saudi Arabia looking , once again , out of touch and out of step .
So in the wake of Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan 's late November call for Assad to step down , the league was quick to follow through on its threat to impose sanctions .
On Thursday , Turkey responded with another move , placing trade sanctions on Syria that will further isolate the regime and cost the country an estimated £1.6bn .
The Arab League 's decision to impose their sanctions may well have been at the behest of the Saudis . According to Mohsen Al Awaji , `` they ( the Qataris ) could not have proceeded without the authority of the House of Saud '' .
Others are not so sure . Jane Kinninmont , a Middle East specialist with London 's Chatham House , points to the enormous oil and gas wealth of the Qataris .
`` They can do without a Saudi say so . Qatar does n't depend on them economically . ''
And she notes that the two countries have argued in the past , with Qatar often charting a different course .
Peter Harling says that with the Arab Spring , the Qataris are using the league to `` punch well above their weight '' . Power and influence , he argues , are shifting at a speed that the leadership in the House of Saud are uncomfortable with .
What next ?
The question for the Qataris , the Saudis and the rest of the Arab League is what to do next . The Syrian opposition is calling for a no-fly zone . There is even talk of troops on the ground .
But given the crucial position of Syria - it borders on Iraq , Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey and Israel - any thought of military intervention brings with it serious risk and consequence .
So sanctions seem the safest and best option for the time being .
The trouble with sanctions ? They wo n't hit the regime or the Assad family - reported to have stashed billions - particularly hard . But they will hurt the people of Syria .
The country is heading into a hard winter of continued protest and violence . Food and fuel costs are fast escalating . The economy is stagnant . The middle classes , even in the wealthy northern city of Aleppo , are feeling a squeeze that will only worsen now that the Turks have also imposed sanctions .
With defections increasing from the rank and file of the army , the threat of civil war continues to rise .
For that stark outcome to be avoided , someone must negotiate an exit strategy for Mr Assad . It could be the Turks or indeed the House of Saud .
`` This is a film where no one knows who the real producer is , '' says Mohsen Al Awaji .
But the smart money says that if there is to be a solution , it will be Jabr al Thani `` the peacemaker '' of the Arab League , who will negotiate the final deal .
The Sun this morning accuses Jeremy Corbyn of refusing to bow at the Cenotaph for yesterday 's Remembrance Day service .
Even for The Sun , it is an extraordinary front page .
First of all , he did bow – as you can see here :
https : //vine.co/v/eluInJVZDz2
But it was n't respectful enough for The Sun , who said it was a “ slight nod ” , rather than a “ traditional solemn bow ” of the head .
Perhaps they are testing readers with that age-old philosophical question : when does a nod become a bow ?
Whether his tilt forward was solemn , traditional or bow-y enough is not as much as a problem as the implication in the front page splash . “ Snub ” . “ Refuse ” . “ Disrespecting ” . The clear suggestion is that Jeremy Corbyn attended yesterday 's remembrance service with the express purpose of refusing to properly honour the war dead .
Does anyone at all believe that for a moment ? Do people think that he put on a poppy , went to two remembrance services ( preparing a poem to read at one of them ) , had a wreath to lay , but had planned all along not to bow ?
If you live on a planet where that seems even remotely plausible , then I offer you this statement Jeremy Corbyn released over the weekend . Read it , and consider whether this is a man who does not have sufficient respect for those who have lost their lives in war :
“ Today we remember the fallen in all wars , both service men and women and civilians . On the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War , we honour in particular those who gave their lives to defeat fascism . In their memory , and that of all who have suffered or lost their lives in war , let us resolve to build a world of peace . ”
In the end , it is not Jeremy Corbyn who has shown disrespect , but The Sun . So many of us feel so strongly about the time of year , and consider it important to pay our respects to those who gave so much . The Sun has tried to exploit that feeling to further a political agenda and shift papers . There 's an embarrassment here , but it 's not the Labour leader .
After nearly a year without a permanent president , the Ball State Board of Trustees will name and introduce the university 's incoming president Tuesday .
According to a campus-wide email sent by trustee Richard Hall , the public is invited to attend the announcement at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday in Sursa Hall .
The event will include a short board meeting , remarks from the incoming president and a reception immediately following in the lobby .
Those attending should plan to be seated in Sursa Hall by 1:15 p.m .
Trustee Matt Momper , chairman of the search committee , said he 's excited about the person chosen for the position .
Although the search took a while , Momper said he was glad the committee was collaborative and enthusiastic and let the process move at the pace it needed to .
`` They were deep in the woods , devil in the detail , researching questions , '' Momper said . `` They all provided what the process needed , which was great . ''
Keep up with Ball State Unified Media 's coverage of the announcement as it happens , as well as see a live stream of the meeting , by visiting this page after 1:30 p.m .
It struck again — the nonsensical pricing of an overhyped Pitbull-type dog . When it first happened with Hulk , supposedly the largest pitbull in the World , it was a little entertaining . Here , it 's the opposite . Queen Califia is said to be the World 's smallest pitbull and is worth $ 75,000 according to her very own breeder , John Truitt , 30 , from California , who runs The Collectibulls .
Now , let 's not kid ourselves : Queen Califia is not worth $ 75,000 , and because her own breeder says she does not make it a market price .
It is definitely a well-executed PR stunt from this bully breeder but it 's not enough to fool people in the dog breeding circles . In the video ( below ) , John says his other puppies are commonly sold for $ 20,000 . I question that , too . It 's another example of extreme breeding purely for extreme prices .
Health and Genetics Are Average
John 's dogs are n't known to be super healthy , or health beast or anything that would add so many zeroes to their price tags . Do n't believe me ? Watch the official Barcroft video of his highlighted self-valued $ 75,000-dog Queen Califia and listen to her breathing . And then , go watch any video of a real Pitbull and listen to the breathing . Yes , Queen Califia 's breathing is messed up . And when you ruin your dog 's health , you do n't quadruple her price .
Some say the dog is a mix between a French Bulldog and a Pitbull . Maybe , maybe not . It 's not really the point because whatever the mix is , you do n't ruin your own dog 's health for marketing purposes . And because it 's common practice in a few other breeds does not make it fine to replicate it for your dogs .
Read more about how bully breeders are killing their own breed , slowly but surely .
So clearly , John is n't pricing his dogs so expensively because of thorough health checks and screenings . Genetically , his pitbulls seem to be average . They are n't coming from incredible pedigrees and bloodlines . Again , you may fool some foreign buyers with your nonsense marketing names , but you wo n't fool the bully community .
So clearly , Queen Califia is not worth $ 75,000 for her health record or genetics . In fact , she should not even be bred considering her breathing issue ( and probably a few more that are hidden . )
Social Media Marketing Is Average
John 's social accounts and the ones for his kennel , The Collectibulls , are both worrying low in terms of followers and engagement . Especially if you compare them to Hulk 's breeders or even other random American Bully or Pitbull breeders out there .
This video and the undeserved buzz around it will surely boost John 's following on social media but that will die down in a few days , or weeks at best . I am convinced that he will try to capitalize on that hype and maybe make some smart business decisions . That would be good for him , bad for his unhealthy Queen Califia ( he already started an Instagram account just for her… )
Queen Califia is not worth $ 75,000 for her breeder 's huge following because the numbers are pathetic as per today , February 23 , 2017 :
Maybe Queen Califia Is a Reputable Champion Bitch ?
Nope , she is not a reputable Champion bitch .
Why Is Queen Califia Worth $ 75,000 ?
The truth is , she is not worth $ 75,000 . I know a lot of parents who say their children are the most beautiful in the World and we all know , they are n't . John is Queen Califia 's breeder and he said he received several offers and the highest bidder was ready to shell out $ 75,000 .
First thought is that we have no proof of these offers and even less of the hypothetical highest bidder . Now let 's say John speaks in good faith and he actually received such offer . His girl did not get sold at that price , the potential buyer said he would pay that much but never did . A lot of buyers bullshit constantly just to get the breeder 's attention or to hype themselves up . If I want to be a big baller in the bully world , I would happily let other breeders spread the word that I am filthy rich ( yet have not actually bought any dog for more than $ 1,000 . )
The point is everybody can make numbers up and justify them with a load of nonsense hypothetical buyers and fake offers . But if you do it , at least have something behind to back it up : social media following , proven health records , top genetics , show results , or anything tangible .
Do n't come in front of a camera with some sort of aspiring model , taking your dog for a photo shoot , showcasing how bad her breathing is and then saying she is worth almost $ 100,000 . You are making a fool out of yourself and also lose all credibility in the Bully world because that hype wo n't last long .
Perhaps I am totally wrong and Queen Califia could be sold $ 75,000 or even more in the future ; but it would be a disgrace because to me and to specialists in the Bully community , Queen Califia 's price tag has two or three zero too many .
Read about our American Bully Bundle here .
This week , Utah Gov . Gary Herbert ( R ) signed legislation making the Browning M1911 semiautomatic pistol Utah 's official state gun — and making his state the first to designate a state firearm.Herbert maintains the designation is not actually about the gun itself , but about honoring Utah 's history , the Salt Lake Tribune reports .
“ It 's about honoring John Moses Browning and paying tribute to the man as an innovator and entrepreneur and someone who has given a lot to the state of Utah , ” Herbert spokesperson Ally Isom told the Tribune .
Utah-born John Moses Browning designed the pistol , which state Rep. Carl Wimmer ( R ) says has been used in every war since WWI . ( Wimmer was the bill 's chief sponsor . )
Before approving the bill , the Utah State Senate added language to acknowledge that the Legislature does not condone acts of violence .
But Democratic lawmakers remain unconvinced that Utah needs a state gun .
State Rep. Brian King ( D ) , for instance , called the designation a “ poor choice , ” adding that firearms are too divisive to be state symbols .
As TPM has reported , Similar legislation is being considered in Arizona . The M1911 joins the ranks of Utah 's other state-designated items : its state rock is coal , its state emblem is the beehive and its state cooking pot is the Dutch oven .
Wimmer did not immediately respond to TPM 's requests for comments .
Muslims complain the West portrays Islam as violent , misogynistic and unforgiving . As a Muslim woman myself , I confirm 'Muslim ' brutality is best portrayed only by ourselves .
This week in Multan , Pakistan , 36-year-old Farzana Bibi was allegedly dismembered by her husband for refusing to wear a niqab . Waiting until their three children had gone to school , he allegedly took a knife used for slaughtering an animal in the halal fashion to dismember her into ten pieces .
Farzana 's husband-turned-alleged-murderer was noted to have a short temper . Yet he was known as an upstanding man who led prayers at the local mosque and to whose home others came to study the Quran . In other words , he held religious authority because of his religious knowledge .
He left a note on the body before disappearing . The note allegedly confirmed the murder had been a rational and premeditated , one he based on his interpretation of Sharia . Claiming he had deliberated before the act , he finally determined to execute his wife since he did n't wish to bear responsibility for her sins against God . By extinguishing her , he believed he had absolved himself of any guilt for her intransigence on Judgment Day .
He reportedly wrote explicitly of wanting to `` punish his wife for rebelling against Allah 's orders '' adding that he wished all women to learn from this act , and then complained of how his children had been enrolled in a secular English medium school rather than a religious madrasah .
Today , onlookers could be forgiven for assuming that brutal Quranic penalties are critical components to an observed Muslim life , a diabolical distortion of the pluralistic pacifist Islam I was raised in . However , even in a world rife with abominations afflicting the Muslim world , today 's Pakistan , the world 's first Muslim democracy , exemplifies some of the most egregious violations of Islam at the hands of Muslims , all too often befalling the heads of the most vulnerable .
It was n't always like this . Sadakat Kadri detailed in his book on Sharia law `` Heaven on Earth '' how Quranic penalties were exceedingly rare throughout history . In the fifteen centuries since Islam 's revelation , an array of violent recourse had been available to Islamic authorities , though generally not deployed . Restraint was the order of the times and documented in the very rare instances of capital punishment . Today , the resurrection of violent punishments defines much of Muslim culture in both Diaspora and Muslim majority communities . This revivalist extremism is a deliberate , modern product of 20th century Islamists .
Despite being steeped in the ritualistic mechanics of Islam he failed to absorb the foundational beliefs central to Islam . Individual free will ( particularly that of his wife ) , the express decree of non-compulsion in any aspect of Islamic religious expression , the Islamic ideal of tenderness towards women and above all the sacred and superior status of a Muslim mother over all other Muslims all evaded his religious 'scholarship ' . A minor detail which would prove ultimately fatal would also escape him : that the niqaab itself was never mandated for women by Islam and in fact is expressly forbidden during the most religious rite of Muslim belief , as I learned myself during my own pilgrimage to Mecca while making Hajj . While apparently fluent in the movement and catechisms of Islam , Farzana 's killer was a calcified illiterate when it came to Islam 's spirit .
Farzana is yet another sacrificial offering in the service of an ever more bloodthirsty man-made Islam . Knowing Pakistan 's track record , in a country where false testimony goes unpunished even when resulting in the incarceration of a developmentally delayed Christian child , where Blasphemy charges on hearsay result in mob lynchings , where Christian neighborhoods are razed to the ground in plain view of security forces and where massacres of pacifist Ahmadi Muslims unfold unchallenged on live TV , this particularly repugnant crime is likely to go unprosecuted , and the perpetrator aggrandized for his 'defense ' of Islam 's 'honor . ' Any judge who wishes to bring charges risks assassination at the hands of extremist mobs .
This kind of violent 'Islamic ' expression is recent , first igniting with the birth of the modern Iranian Theocracy in the southern Iranian city of Kerman early in the Revolution , where firing squads set about executing Iranians deemed 'perverts , drug dealers and leftists ' , at the order of the new Ayatollah . Local zealots determined there should be a holier , more authentically Islamic response than firing squads . Soon instead of shooting , death squads stoned four men to death ( reported by The Times ' correspondent , Robert Fisk ) . The brutality Shia extremists introduced to Islamic Sha'ria had never been seen before .
Anxious after the unnerving 1979 siege of Mecca themselves , and not to be out done in religiosity by Shias , Wahaabi Saudi Arabia hurried to keep pace with revivalist neo-orthodoxy . In short order , they implemented 'legal reform ' in 1981 that reintroduced execution ( including crucifixion ) not only for murder , but for all sexual abduction , armed robberies and drug offenses .
In neighboring Pakistan , sensing domestic political anxiety , after the execution of democratically installed Zulfikar Bhutto , Pakistan 's dictator General Zia consolidated the power he had grabbed through military coup by launching his own 1978 Islamicization programs , quickly legalizing four Hudood ordinances which are particularly violently exacted upon Pakistani women and Pakistan 's minorities .
Each are examples of Muslim leaders ' political expediency fueling Islamist extremist policies in the service of both domestic oppression and appeasement of firebrand clerics to shore up seized but ever-fragile power .
The most cursory of searches in the Qur'an reveals over 200 instances of divine forgiveness and dozens of references to forgiveness that can be sought either from our fellow man or our Maker . Yet Muslim majority societies show little in the way of Mercy , kindness or humanity in either their human rights measurements or the letter or spirit of their laws . Their citizens reflect their society , after all , more than anything else , a society is what it tolerates .
In Saudi Arabia where the law is n't even written ( all laws are oral and handed down by appointed judges ) verdicts can only be challenged by royal decree . In both instances , whether the seat of all Islam , or the worlds first and widely acknowledged Muslim Democracy , citizens , particularly the most vulnerable , are subject to the whim of empowered unforgiving men . It 's unsurprising therefore Farzana 's husband took the actions he did -- he has been legitimized by a heartless state .
In the 'democractic ' Islamic Republic of Pakistan which has held seats at the UN Human Rights Council , there are no deterrents for these actions . Pakistani citizens , despite being an empowered populace , freely mobile , and with access to all forms of media , have consistently shown themselves unmotivated to act in the defense of Pakistan 's Christians , Shias , Sufis , Hazaras , Ahmadi Muslims , Ismaeeli Muslims , young girls attempting to get an education in the SWAT , nurses risking their lives to vaccinate babies against polio , their heroic statesmen including Governor Salman Taseer or Minister Shabbaz Bhatti or indeed any other vulnerable group .
DEATH THREAT ? Conyers Invoked Chandra Levy When Intern Rejected His Advances
In a jaw-dropping new accusation against disgraced former Rep. John Conyers , a former intern claims that he brought up Chandra Levy when she rejected his sexual advances .
Levy was an intern at the Federal Bureau of Prisons when she was murdered in 2002 . After her remains were found in a DC park a year after she vanished , it was discovered that she had been having an affair with California Congressman Gary Condit , a married Democrat .
Speaking to the Washington Post , accuser Courtney Morse claimed that Conyers “ drove her home from work one night , wrapped his hand around hers as it rested in her lap , and told her he was interested in a sexual relationship . ”
When she rejected his advances , he claimed to have “ insider information ” on the death of Levy .
“ He said he had insider information on the case . I do n't know if he meant it to be threatening , but I took it that way , ” Morse said .
Morse was so spooked by his comments that she exited the car and ran . She also quit her paid internship .
When the Hill covered this story , they falsely labeled Conyers as a Republican . After being called out by multiple people on social media , they quietly corrected the report without explanation .
🚨 Fake News Alert 🚨 pic.twitter.com/0rU8Yq9dhG — Andrew Amarone ( @ andrew_amarone ) December 6 , 2017
https : //twitter.com/Oil_Guns_Merica/status/938452929823961088
Conyers resigned from Congress on Tuesday in the wake of multiple allegations of sexual misconduct .
SPARTANBURG , S.C. -- Kelvin Benjamin suffered a left knee sprain during Wednesday 's joint practice with the Miami Dolphins and will undergo an MRI , Panthers coach Ron Rivera said .
The Panthers receiver went down when he tried to make a cut against Miami defensive back Don Jones on a play in which there was no contact . He stayed on the ground for several minutes before being carted off .
Kelvin Benjamin was carted off during Wednesday 's practice after suffering a knee sprain while trying to make a cut during a non-contact drill . AP Photo/Chuck Burton
`` He just went to plant and make a swim move , and without any contact just went down , '' Rivera said . `` It 's unfortunate . It 's one of those things that could have happened in any drill . ''
Last season , Benjamin led Carolina receivers in receptions with 73 for 1,008 yards and nine touchdowns in the regular season . He was the team 's first-round draft pick in 2014 .
Rivera said the injury does n't change the complexion of the offense .
`` It 's not going to change the complexion of what we want to do or how we 're going to do it , '' Rivera said . `` It 's just going to change who 's going to do it .
Key Piece for Panthers Kelvin Benjamin was an integral part in the Panthers offense last season , making an immediate impact during his rookie campaign . Totals Rank * Targets 144 1st Rec 73 3rd Rec yds 1,008 3rd Rec TD 9 3rd * Among rookies
-- ESPN Stats & Information
`` It means that young men like Devin Funchess are going to have to step up until Kelvin is back . ''
Benjamin reported to training camp in what Rivera said was `` tremendous shape '' and was performing well at camp .
Carolina has already lost one wide receiver this preseason when Stephen Hill suffered a torn ACL in the first week of training camp .
Funchess , selected in the second round of the May draft out of Michigan , tweaked his hamstring late in practice and likely will miss Thursday 's session with the Dolphins .
Another candidate to replace Benjamin is Jarrett Boykin , acquired during the offseason as a free agent from Green Bay .
`` Some guys have just got to step up and take advantage of the opportunity , and hopefully we 'll get some positive news later today , '' Rivera said .
Quarterback Cam Newton helped Benjamin onto the cart before resuming practice .
`` Cam was right there with his teammate , '' Rivera said . `` He said , 'Hey , you 're going to be OK. We 'll hold the fort down until you 're ready to get back up . ' It was positive . ''
Panthers receiver Ted Ginn Jr. also talked to Benjamin and told him to `` keep his head up . ''
`` You 've got to realize he 's our No . 1 guy , '' Ginn said . `` Not having your No . 1 guy on the practice field , it hurts you a little bit . I believe we have the guys behind him to step up and do whatever we need to do to fill the void right now . ''
Dolphins starting safety Louis Delmas also was carted off during Wednesday 's joint practice , and a source later told ESPN.com 's James Walker that he suffered a torn ACL in his right knee .
Zimbabwe 's problem is not that poverty is stopping elections , it 's rather the other way around .
Zimbabwe met payroll last week , but only barely : after civil servants ' salaries were paid , Finance Minister Tendai Biti announced , the government had exactly $ 217 ( Dh798 ) left in the bank .
The nation of 12.7 million has grown poorer each year , almost , since the former independence hero ( and now kleptocrat ) Robert Mugabe , 88 , became prime minister in 1980 . As president since 1987 , he has dominated the country with equal brutality and ineptitude , until sharing some power in 2009 .
The story of the $ 217 made headlines and drew laughter around the world , even though the government took in $ 30 million ( Dh110 million ) in revenue the next day . In any case , at least Zimbabwe was in the black : the US is $ 16.4 trillion in the red , and nobody laughs at them .
There is , however , a sadly serious point here . Mr Biti was pleading poverty as the excuse for delaying scheduled elections and a planned constitutional referendum , which he said would cost $ 200 million .
He has , of course , put the cart before the horse : Zimbabwe 's problem is not that poverty is stopping elections , it 's that decades of rigged elections and incompetent tyranny have led to widespread poverty .
| JENNA | 19 | ACE | CAPRICORN | INTJ | ARTIST |
Hello ! I 'm Jenna , though most of you know me as 565mae10 . This is my dumb art blog . I mostly post fandom related things and little doodles .
I 'm aiming to become an illustrator in the future and study character animation in college . I 'm currently freelancing and working for a small illustration job . Commissions are open and details can be found on my commissions page .
I 'm here for all of you any time ! If you need someone to talk to just shoot me a message . I 'm super shy and kind of weenie but I 'll try to respond as soon as I can ! All of you are so important to me if you ever feel alone or need to rant just remember I 'm here .
Sorry I have n't updated as much recently ! I 'm having tons of family problems and a lot of stressful things happening . I 'm hopefully gon na get to start drawing again soon and updating with random things again .
How To Be Loved By Everyone : 6 Powerful Secrets
We would all like to know how to be loved by everyone .
In the end , who are our favorite people ? Those who understand us and listen . Someone we can turn to and honestly say , “ You get me . ”
That really comes down to one skill : listening . And it 's something most of us are awful at .
In an age of sub-zero attention spans , focus is a superpower . And focusing on others is even rarer .
When I asked the # 1 love researcher , John Gottman , what the best thing to do to improve a relationship was , what did he say ?
Learn how to be a good listener .
And it 's no different at the office . Why do nearly 50 % of people quit their jobs ?
They did n't feel their boss listened to them .
Via Powerful Listening . Powerful Influence . Work Better . Live Better . Love Better : by Mastering the Art of Skillful Listening :
Another study released by the US Department of Labor concluded that 46 percent of those who quit their jobs did so because they felt not listened to and were therefore unappreciated . Consider this : almost half the workforce will leave their job because they did n't feel like their boss was listening .
So listening is serious business . You want everyone to think you 're awesome ? Want to be a good friend , partner , or leader ? Well , listen up . Here we go…
1 ) Be A Detective
Do n't think of a conversation as a tennis match . Instead , see it as a detective game .
Via Just Listen : Discover the Secret to Getting Through to Absolutely Anyone :
How do you master the skill of being interested— and be sincere when you do it ? The first key is to stop thinking of conversation as a tennis match . ( He scored a point . Now I need to score a point . ) Instead , think of it as a detective game , in which your goal is to learn as much about the other person as you can . Go into the conversation knowing that there is something very interesting about the person , and be determined to discover it .
Rather than having to fake being interested , turning it into a detective game actually makes you interested . And this makes the other person feel special .
Detectives ask questions . And so should you . And when they become engaged in telling you something use a special little technique I like to call : “ just shut up . ”
Via Just Listen : Discover the Secret to Getting Through to Absolutely Anyone :
The second key to being interested is to ask questions that demonstrate that you want to know more… Eventually , one of your questions will click and you 'll see the person lean forward eagerly to tell you something with enthusiasm or intensity . When that happens , do the right thing : Shut up . Listen . Listen some more . And then , once the person reaches a stopping point , ask another question that proves that you heard ( and care about ) what the person said .
( For more on how to get people to like you , from an FBI behavior expert , click here . )
Okay , Sherlock , you 're playing detective . After being curious and interested , what should you do next ?
2 ) How Little Can You Say ?
We all love talking about ourselves and it 's hard to resist .
Via Just Listen : Discover the Secret to Getting Through to Absolutely Anyone :
The measure of self-assurance is how deeply and sincerely interested you are in others ; the measure of insecurity is how much you try to impress them with you .
The game we all usually play is : How smart can I make myself sound ?
Bad game . You want the other person to feel good . Let them sound smart .
So here 's the game I like to play : How little can I say ?
The fewer words you speak , the more points you get . The only exception is asking questions when they pause .
Do n't be interesting . Be interested .
( For more on how to make difficult conversations easy , from a clinical psychologist , click here . )
Eventually you need to say something . What should it be ?
3 ) Can You Summarize To Their Approval ?
It 's called “ active listening. ” Good listeners do n't just listen , they make it clear to the other person they are listening by paraphrasing what they 've heard .
Via Just Listen : Discover the Secret to Getting Through to Absolutely Anyone :
Another way to show you 're interested is to summarize what the person is saying . For instance , is the person regaling you with the story of a nightmare vacation trip ? If so , repeat back some of the money points of the story : “ Holy cow ! You broke your leg , and you still made the flight . Unbelievable. ” ( Another good move , if the conversation offers an opportunity , is to ask for advice : “ That 's amazing— you grow all of your own herbs ? Tell me : How do you keep your cilantro from bolting ? ” People love offering advice , because it makes them feel both interesting and wise .
Here 's another game I like to play : Can I summarize what they said to their approval ?
Say , “ Am I hearing you right ? So what you 're saying is… ” And then paraphrase what they just told you . If they say , “ Exactly ” , you earn a point .
( To learn the techniques of an FBI hostage negotiator , click here . )
The goal is to let them talk , not to solve their problems… but what if they really do have a problem that needs solving ?
Cynics say you ca n't tell anyone anything . And they 're right . But there 's another way…
4 ) Do n't Try To Fix Them . Be Socrates .
People do need help . But nobody likes being told what to do . Um… difficult .
The key here is that everyone wants to maintain autonomy . Tell them how to solve their problems and they 'll resist .
Instead , ask questions so that they solve the problem on their own .
Via Powerful Listening . Powerful Influence . Work Better . Live Better . Love Better : by Mastering the Art of Skillful Listening :
“ How can I listen to this person in a way that enables him to solve his own problem ? ”
Ask questions that might gently guide them toward a solution .
Former FBI hostage negotiator Chris Voss recommends questions that start with “ How ” or “ What. ” These get someone thinking and talking instead of just replying “ yes ” or “ no . ”
( For more on the four most common relationship problems — and how to fix them , click here . )
So you 're really listening now . But it 's not all about the words…
5 ) Monitor Your Body Language
Maintain eye contact . Do n't stare at them like a predator but good listeners hold eye contact for about 75 % of a conversation .
Via Powerful Listening . Powerful Influence . Work Better . Live Better . Love Better : by Mastering the Art of Skillful Listening :
In healthy conversations , the listener makes eye contact 70 to 80 percent of the time according to researcher Michael Argyle .
We all know crossed arms is a bad sign . In fact , keeping an open body posture actually helps you remember what they say to you .
Via Powerful Listening . Powerful Influence . Work Better . Live Better . Love Better : by Mastering the Art of Skillful Listening :
Researchers have discovered that as the listener 's outward responsiveness increases , so does their retention level . In one study , listeners who crossed their arms when they listened retained 38 percent less than listeners who kept their arms at their sides and assumed an “ open ” body posture .
Touch their elbow . It 's a neutral spot and helps create a bond .
Via Powerful Listening . Powerful Influence . Work Better . Live Better . Love Better : by Mastering the Art of Skillful Listening :
Research from the University of Minnesota finds that gently touching a person on the elbow creates a momentary bond . The elbow is the one “ safe , ” nonthreatening place to touch , and when conversing this type of touch creates a predisposition for rapport and cooperation .
( For more on how to read body language like an expert , click here . )
Now here 's where the experts get really helpful .
There are a number of things we all do when listening that we think are helping , but actually they 're hurting our relationships . Here 's how to dodge those landmines…
6 ) The Mistakes You Do n't Know You 're Making
There 's a quote by Frank Luntz that 's worth committing to memory :
It 's not what you say , it 's what people hear .
Mistaking the two is the source of a lot of bad conversations and strained relationships .
In his book , Lost Art of Listening , Michael P. Nichols gives some great examples of things we often say that we should n't :
Do n't say : “ That reminds me of the time… ” because what they 'll hear is : “ I can top that . ”
Do n't say : “ Have n't we talked about this before ? ” because what they 'll hear is : “ Why are you still hung up about this ? ”
Do n't say : “ No , actually… ” because what they 'll hear is : “ I am right ; you 're wrong . ”
Do n't say : “ I understand ” because what they 'll hear is : “ I get it . You do n't need to keep talking . ”
And do n't say : “ I know how you feel. ” Instead , ask them how they feel .
( To learn how to win every argument , click here . )
Okay , you 've done a great job of listening to me . Let 's round this up so you can do a great job listening to everyone else…
Sum Up
Here 's what you need to know to be a great listener :
Be a detective . You need to be interested . The best way to do that is to play detective and be curious .
You need to be interested . The best way to do that is to play detective and be curious . How little can you say ? Ask questions . Paraphrase to make sure you understand . Past that , just shut up .
Ask questions . Paraphrase to make sure you understand . Past that , just shut up . Can you summarize to their approval ? If you paraphrase what they said and they reply , “ Exactly ” — you win .
If you paraphrase what they said and they reply , “ Exactly ” — you win . Do n't try to fix them . Be Socrates . Help them find their own solution . People remember their own ideas best .
Help them find their own solution . People remember their own ideas best . Monitor body language . Eye contact and open postures are good . Touch their elbow to help create a bond .
Eye contact and open postures are good . Touch their elbow to help create a bond . Review the common mistakes we all make . And then do n't do them .
Listen and people will listen back . In fact , they 'll do more than that . They will come to trust and love you .
To quote David Augsburger :
“ Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person , they are almost indistinguishable . ”
Join over 200,000 readers . Get a free weekly update via email here .
Related posts :
How To Stop Being Lazy And Get More Done – 5 Expert Tips
How To Get People To Like You : 7 Ways From An FBI Behavior Expert
New Harvard Research Reveals A Fun Way To Be More Successful
Post Details
How Far Would You Go to Save Your Little Girl ?
After their youngest daughter was diagnosed with a rare and fatal genetic disorder , the Duff family set out to create a cure .
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee !
The contractions began on a sunny afternoon in November , two weeks before Jocelyn Duff 's due date . She was tidying up her home in Ipswich when she felt the spasms , but figured it was just a false alarm . Soon enough , though , they were coming three minutes apart . Calmly , she dialed her husband , John , whose office was nearby , and then called her sister-in-law to babysit . By the time they arrived , the only thing left to do was grab the couple 's overnight bag and scramble to the hospital . On the way out the door , Jocelyn hugged her two-and-a-half-year-old daughter , Teaghan , and said she 'd soon return with a new baby sister .
During the drive , Jocelyn watched the previous eight months flash through her mind like a movie . Between working full time and raising a toddler , it was a miracle she and John had been able to prepare for the new arrival . Yet somehow the onesies got folded , the diapers were stockpiled , and the Duffs had even agreed on a name : Talia . Over the course of her pregnancy , Jocelyn had often closed her eyes and daydreamed of her two daughters skipping hand in hand , repeating each other 's names in singsong—Teaghan and Talia , Talia and Teaghan , Teaghan and Talia .
Inside Beverley Hospital , Jocelyn submerged herself in one of the coveted birthing pools . After 90 minutes of labor , doctors hoisted a wailing newborn onto her chest . During that first intimate , skin-to-skin embrace , though , Jocelyn sensed something was wrong . Talia did n't seem to have any muscle tone . Her limbs looked floppy . She felt mushy . Jocelyn unfolded Talia 's tiny hand and looked down to find a lone horizontal crease cutting across her palm—a sign she instantly recognized . “ I think she has Down syndrome , ” she whispered to John , who quietly nodded .
That first night as a family , the Duffs were overwhelmed and “ probably grief-stricken , ” Jocelyn says . But the initial shock waned , and Talia began flooding her parents ' lives with joy , her bright smile and sparkling blue-green eyes lighting up their home . There was , of course , a steep learning curve to raising a child with Down syndrome—schedules packed with doctor appointments , hours of at-home therapy , and endless logistical headaches—but Jocelyn and John , who met as undergrads at Ithaca College , were organized , patient , and , above all , devoted to their newborn . Good health insurance and two middle-class incomes certainly did n't hurt : John was climbing the ranks toward a deanship at North Shore Community College , while Jocelyn worked as a physician assistant at a small private practice .
As a toddler , Talia 's personality flourished and her cognitive development outpaced that of most children with Down syndrome . Her body , however , struggled to keep up and she lagged on every major physical milestone , from crawling to standing to walking . “ Everyone just chalked it up to Down syndrome and said she just needs to do more physical therapy , ” Jocelyn says . “ We were constantly doing PT. ” Yet it was n't helping .
Then , at age three and a half , Talia fell ill with a flulike virus that she could n't seem to shake . Suddenly , she could no longer stand up from a seated position . She stopped reaching for toys and began using her chin as a tripod to steady herself when climbing stairs . Her body appeared to be betraying her brain . “ There was a gradual kind of regression , ” Jocelyn says . As Talia 's body continued to falter , the Duffs grew less convinced that Down syndrome was the only culprit . So they started searching for answers .
Talia 's diagnostic odyssey began at Boston Children 's Hospital . At first , no one could figure out why her body seemed to be malfunctioning . After what seemed like a million tests , doctors ultimately landed on chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy , or CIDP , a neurological disorder . The good news was that CIDP could be cured . The bad news was that doing so required powerful steroids and regular infusions of antibodies that take several hours to administer . Fortunately , the treatment began to work : During one visit to her grandmother 's home , Talia even pulled herself up from the floor and stood firmly in place . Thank God , Jocelyn thought to herself , heaving a deep sigh of relief . Everything 's going to be okay .
But it would n't last . Soon , Talia 's progress plateaued , and then completely unraveled . Over time , she developed osteoporosis from the steroids . Her frail knees and hips dislocated . Confounded by her worsening condition , doctors plied Talia with new treatments and spent five years doling out one regimen of steroids and immunosuppressive drugs after another . “ It became this mini roller coaster , ” Jocelyn says .
Undeterred , the Duffs broadened their search for a cure , taking Talia to Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia in hopes that doctors there might see something the ones in Boston had missed . To their delight , the trip provided a glimmer of encouragement : The neurologist did n't argue against the original diagnosis of CIDP , but agreed with the Duffs ' suspicion that something else was at play , recommending that Talia undergo extensive genetic screening . After years of hospital visits , treatments , and uncertainty , Jocelyn was desperate to find out what was wrong with Talia—and at the same time , she recalls , “ I was pretty scared. ” What , she wondered , would the test reveal lurking in her daughter 's DNA ?
Every creature on earth has their own microbial community . This internal ecology determines how we digest food and resist disease and can even affect behavior or how often mosquitoes bite us . Rob Knight , a microbial ecologist , has concluded that microbes are as critical as the brain–they make each of us who we are .
“ The three pounds of microbes [ we carry ] may be more important for some health conditions than every gene in our genome , ” Knight says . We share 99.9 % of our DNA with the people around us , but our microbes share only 10 % similarity . The diversity in our microbial communities is astonishing and can help us differentiate health based on our genetic makeup from our health based on the way in which we developed as children . Knight explains that children born in C-sections are more susceptible to allergies and obesity . Children who are born vaginally , however , gain protective microbes from the birth canal that help protect them .
The three pounds of microbes we carry may be more important for some health conditions than every gene in our genome .
Knight and his team at the University of Minnesota have discovered that manipulating unseen microbial world has the ability to cure such diseases as inflammatory bowel disease , obesity , and even possibly make strides against autism and depression . Through a series of experiments in which they shared different kinds of microbes among lean and obese mice , they discovered that weight gain can be passed on via microbes in two ways . First , they could change the way the body digests food . But they could also change a mouse 's behavior : Different microbes made some mice eat more food . Knight 's conclusion : microbes can affect mammalian behavior and also dictate how the body responds to certain functions .
Another surprising discovery was that antibiotics might actually be degrading our microbial ecosystems . Children who receive antibiotics in the first six months of their life , says Knight , are more likely to become obese . “ What we do early on , ” he explained , “ may have a profound impact on the gut microbial community . ”
Knight 's most recent project is called American Gut , an initiative to map the unique microbe makeup of individuals around the country to discover how our lifestyle and diet affect our health . But his discoveries have already unfurled exciting possibilities in understanding our bodies . This “ microbial GPS ” has the potential to transform human health from the early stages of life onward .
ISLAMABAD ( Staff Report ) – The Pakistan Day parade was Wednesday held at Islamabad 's Shakarparian parade avenue , where contingents of country 's all three armed forces , police and personnel of other forces participated in the spectacular ceremony . President of Pakistan , Prime Minister , chiefs of armed
ISLAMABAD ( Staff Report ) – The Pakistan Day parade was Wednesday held at Islamabad 's Shakarparian parade avenue , where contingents of country 's all three armed forces , police and personnel of other forces participated in the spectacular ceremony .
President of Pakistan , Prime Minister , chiefs of armed forces of Pakistan , Members of federal cabinet , foreign ambassadors , families of martyrs and top level officials attended the parade ceremony .
The parade started with a colorful flypast led by Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman . The flypast comprised of multiple formations including JF-17 , F-16 , F-7 and aircraft of Pakistan and Pakistan Army 's Aeronautical Corps .
The flypast was followed by a brief address of President Mamnoon Hussain , in which he reiterated strong national resolve to completely eliminate terrorism . Government is cognizant to present day challenges and completely prepared to combat them , he said .
He went on to say that military operation , Zarn-e-Azab , in tribal areas of the country is in final stages and soon the nation will witness improved law and order situation .
President Mamnoon Hussain said that Pakistan is not part of regional weapon race , adding that our wish for hope must not be mistaken . Pakistan is responsible nuclear state and capable to defend itself against anay internal and external threat , he added .
Afterwards , the smart contingents of Pakistan , Pakistan Navy , Pakistan Air Force , Police , Frontier Constabulary , Boys Scouts and Girls Guide paraded in front of top level dignitaries . The Special Services Group ( SSG ) of Pakistan Pakistan and Army and special guards of President of Pakistan also participated in the parade .
Later the formations of military weapons , vehicles and other goods inducing tanks , missiles and sophisticated gadgets were also exhibited .
Models of all four provinces of Pakistan and territories , which exhibited that culture and key locations of these places , were also included in the parade .
Personnel of Sher Dill formation also performed breathtaking airshow on the occasion .
Earlier this day , in their separate massages , President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that Pakistan came into being through a long democratic struggle and key to its progress and stability also lies in democracy .
In his message , the president called for promoting the spirit of tolerance and patience which are the fundamentals of democracy .
He said it is an unfortunate reality that terrorism has affected all segments of the Pakistani society while the whole nation is united against this menace .
In his message , Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif reiterated the resolve to ensure freedom , equality and social justice for every citizen of Pakistan as enshrined in the teachings of Islam .
He said the government has taken landmark initiatives to safeguard the minorities living in Pakistan and empower Pakistani women .
The prime minister expressed optimism that our collective efforts based on plurality , equality and justice would make Pakistan a state as dreamt by Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
There are two kinds of Washington fights , the theatrical and the genuine .
In a theatrical fight , both sides go through the motions . They may look like they are really fighting , but it 's really just a charade designed to communicate to constituents and interest groups . The final outcome is preordained .
In a genuine fight , the outcome is actually uncertain , and the combatants are really annoyed , not just pretending . That kind of fight creates real winners , real losers , and , sometimes , lasting rifts and scars .
The fight under way right now about trade between Elizabeth Warren and Barack Obama is starting to look more and more like a genuine fight .
President Obama got testy in a recent interview with Yahoo ! News , calling Senator Warren “ absolutely wrong ” and noting , “ The truth of the matter is that Elizabeth is , you know , a politician like everybody else . ”
The Yahoo ! News reporter , Matt Bai , said Obama “ seemed unusually irritated. ” Bai wrote , “ like a marriage in which the spouses pretend to be happier than they really are , Obama 's polite alliance with the populist left appears to be suddenly crumbling under the weight of free trade . ”
Senator Warren , for her part , responded by accusing Obama of trying to pass a secret deal . She told The Washington Post : “ the president wo n't actually let people read the agreement for themselves . It 's classified. ” And in a move that ca n't have pleased President Obama , she not-so-subtly suggested that Hillary Clinton—his one-time-rival and would-be-successor—has a firmer grasp of the matter : “ Hillary Clinton in her book raised concerns about precisely this issue . ”
As Obama himself observed , part of the reason this is so raw for the left and labor is that they still have n't gotten over Bill Clinton and Al Gore 's support , more than 20 years ago , of the North America Free Trade Agreement . If Obama succeeds in getting fast-track authorization from Congress for the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and then succeeds in getting a deal passed , it could be a similarly significant achievement .
If Obama is looking for a Democratic precedent on the trade issue , he need n't stop with Bill Clinton or Al Gore . He could go back to John F. Kennedy , who made trade expansion his top legislative priority in 1962 , annoying liberals like Arthur Schlesinger Jr. ( who called the trade initiative “ mistaken ” and “ overrated. ” ) As Kennedy wrote in a January 25 , 1962 , Special Message to the Congress on Foreign Trade Policy , “ The American consumer benefits most of all from an increase in foreign trade . Imports give him a wider choice of products at competitive prices. ” Kennedy went on , “ the warnings against increased imports based upon the lower level of wages paid in other countries are not telling the whole story . ”
And Kennedy concluded , “ This philosophy of the free market—the wider economic choice for men and nations—is as old as freedom itself . It is not a partisan philosophy . For many years our trade legislation has enjoyed bi-partisan backing from those members of both parties who recognized how essential trade is to our basic security abroad and our economic health at home . ”
Alas , while being in favor of a free market on trade is bipartisan , so is being against it ; a Wall Street Journal editorial points out that Senator Warren , a Democrat of Massachusetts , is joined by Senator Sessions , a Republican of Alabama , in opposing to fast-track trade promotion authority for the president .
Give President Obama credit for taking on Senator Warren rhetorically in favor of free trade . But what about in Congress itself ? Will Obama cut deals with individual legislators or twist arms to win their support for fast-track or the Trans-Pacific Partnership the same way he bought support for ObamaCare ? With luck , that wo n't be necessary . If it is necessary , though , then we 'll get a chance to see for sure whether this Washington fight is merely theatrical or really genuine . Fortunately , it comes close enough to the 2016 presidential election that contenders for that job will need to choose sides , too .
Dastardly , inhuman , numbing : the Charlie Hebdo killings have torn through our lives , reducing freedom of speech itself to a cartoon . Humour is always subversive , in Umberto Eco 's The Name Of The Rose , Benedictine monks reading books that taught them to laugh at orthodoxy , were killed . If you want to tell people the truth , said Oscar Wilde , make them laugh else they will kill you .
In desi popular culture humour 's divided broadly into two genres : the slapstick and the gently playful . The slapstick genre was represented by comedians like Rajindranath , Mehmood , Johnny Walker who fell about , walked into doors , slipped on banana peels in the Groucho Marx style . The gently playful genre was represented by the Amol Palekar , Hrishikesh Mukherjee style who created wholesome family fun . Sai Paranjape 's Chashme Baddoor and Kundan Shah 's Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron were hilarious yet thought-provoking and revealed that the best humour is always affectionate rather than insulting or abusive . Similarly , it 's the light-heartedness of PK that brings on the chuckles .
Our traditions of cartooning whether Mario Miranda 's Miss Fonseca and Miss Nimbu Paani or R K Laxman 's Common Man also fall in the playful gentle genre , even Shankar 's takedowns of political figures in the 50s were mischievous rather than vicious . When Peter Sellers played an Indian or when TV series like the BBC 's Goodness Gracious Me made fun of Asian immigrants , many saw them as racist and stereotyping , but the emphasis was always on a wicked send-up rather than anything that inspired rage . Humour 's best as a battering ram against the powerful : the British magazine Private Eye was a pioneer in trenchant satire against politi-cians and Khushwant Singh 's satire was funniest when it was the most intimate .
The killing of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists was unacceptable , no one has any right to gun down a critic . Yet beyond the tragic deaths , perhaps it 's best when the cartoon remains a cartoon : a weapon of laughter and thought , not a weapon of war against religious beliefs . After all , a bellyful of laughter always dignifies both the prankster and his target .
In St Stephen 's College , Mohammad Amin , most droll of History professors , counselled freshers on the importance of the college 's hallowed Practical Joke Week . “ We celebrate PJ week ” , said Amin saab , “ so that you learn that for a joke to be really good , it must always be practical. ” Amin Saab would have condemned the killings with all his might , but he probably would n't have approved of Charlie Hebdo 's cartoons .
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | Contact
As the government lays the groundwork for a major housing affordability package in next month 's federal budget , thousands of Sydney 's affluent baby boomers have taken to the streets in protest , for the first time since the Vietnam War .
Although this time , the members of the Post-WWII baby boom are n't protesting conscription and other humanitarian issues – they are protesting the Government 's proposed changes to multiple home-ownership and and policies aimed at curbing the hysterical Australian housing market .
“ Hay hay ! ho ho ! the whingeing millenials have to go ! ” chanted the crowd of silver-haired wealth hoarders .
Other battle cries included “ Sco-Mo do n't give in ! Leave the housing market as it is ! ”
Although treasurer Scott Morrison ( ScoMo ) has made it clear that his aim is to not fiddle with any nest eggs , the Baby Boomers still hold grave fears that the properties they bought for 60k in the 1980s might not continue to go up by 20 % every year . They also worry that the Government might make things difficult for foreign property investors – the only realistic buyers in the urban market .
Morrison on Monday delivered a speech to the Australian Housing and Urban Research Institute in Melbourne laying the groundwork for a broadbased housing affordability package in next month 's budget .
The package will likely include a scheme for first-home buyers to access their superannuation , tax breaks for downsizing retirees , rental support , and measures to improve supply by unlocking federal land for housing .
However , there is no sign of changes to negative gearing , which have rendered millions of properties in Sydney and Melbourne empty , as Baby Boomer investors find it cheaper to leave the place empty on tax breaks than having to actually maintian the property for whingeing Gen-Y occupants .
This comes only one week after a sheltered patch of concrete underneath a fire exit Surry Hills , only slightly wider than a beach ball , fetched almost $ 1.2 million at an inner city auction on Saturday .
Despite having no bathroom facilities , kitchen facilities , nearby parking or bedrooms , the fire exit was snapped up by an overseas investor , site unseen .
California Attorney General Kamala Harris is facing conflict-of-interest accusations after launching a raid on pro-life activist David Daleiden 's apartment even as she campaigns for the U.S. Senate on a pro-Planned Parenthood platform .
Ms. Harris , a longtime Planned Parenthood supporter seeking the Democratic Senate nomination , includes on her campaign website a petition asking voters to “ take a stand and join Kamala in defending Planned Parenthood . ”
“ Voting to strip federal funding from an organization that provides vital health services to 2.7 million Americans is the epitome of dysfunction , ” says the Harris petition .
Meanwhile , agents from her office searched Mr. Daleiden 's apartment Tuesday in Orange County , seizing his laptop and multiple hard drives while attempting to take his phone as he was speaking to his attorneys , according to sources close to Mr. Daleiden , lead investigator for the pro-life Center for Medical Progress .
The center ignited an outcry last year with the release of hidden-camera footage showing Planned Parenthood officials discussing the harvesting of and billing for fetal tissue obtained from abortions for medical research .
The reaction from Mr. Daleiden 's corner was swift , with one of his attorneys describing the raid as “ an oppressive abuse of government power . ”
SEE ALSO : Conservatives see Ted Cruz as best protector of Constitution with Supreme Court pick
“ To storm into a private citizen 's home with a search warrant is outrageously out of proportion for the type of crime alleged . It 's a discredit to law enforcement , an oppressive abuse of government power , ” Matt Heffron , a former federal prosecutor in Phoenix and now a legal adviser to Mr. Daleiden , said in a Wednesday statement .
Another conservative known for his hidden-camera investigations , Project Veritas 's James O'Keefe , came to Mr. Daleiden 's defense Wednesday , arguing that the “ retaliation ” by Ms. Harris “ represents a direct attack on journalists who speak truth to power . ”
“ It is no secret that Harris is in bed with Planned Parenthood , ” Mr. O'Keefe said . “ Her 2014 AG campaign received donations from multiple Planned Parenthood PACs and her 2016 U.S. Senate race has already received personal donations from senior Planned Parenthood players . ”
Mr. Daleiden has also challenged Ms. Harris 's objectivity , calling her the “ bought-and-paid-for AG ” who has “ refused to enforce the law against the baby body parts traffickers in our state , or even investigate them — while at the same time doing their bidding to harass and intimidate citizen journalists . ”
Brenda Gonzalez , spokeswoman for the attorney general 's office , said in an email Wednesday , “ I ca n't comment on any ongoing investigation . ”
The search warrant was issued for materials related to the video footage of Dr. Deb Nucatola , Planned Parenthood Federation of America 's senior director of medical services , and Dr. Mary Gatter , president of PPFA 's medical directors counsel , according to the Daleiden camp .
In an undercover video released last year , Dr. Nucatola said that she would use different , “ less crunchy techniques ” to obtain intact fetal tissue better suited for medical research , even though federal forbids any alteration of the “ timing , method or procedures used to terminate the pregnancy … solely for the purposes of obtaining the tissue . ”
“ I guess ‘ Crush below , crush above , and see if I can get it all intact ' and ‘ less crunchy techniques ' of abortion for baby parts harvesting have the full support of Attorney General Kamala Harris in California , ” said Mr. Daleiden in a Wednesday statement .
Ms. Harris , who 's is facing U.S. Rep. Loretta Sanchez in the Democratic primary for the Senate seat being vacated by retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer , has come under pressure in recent weeks to target Mr. Daleiden after saying in July she would review the CMP investigation .
Supporters of Planned Parenthood cheered when Mr. Daleiden and a second investigator were indicted in January by a Texas grand jury on charges related to their undercover investigation into Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast .
Both have pleaded not guilty to charges stemming from the use of fake driver 's licenses for purposes of the investigation , and Mr. Daleiden has also denied a second charge of attempting to procure human organs .
“ But what 's taking California so long ? ” Los Angeles Times columnist Robin Abcarian asked in a March 25 op-ed urging Ms. Harris to take action , criticizing her “ apparent lack of urgency ” and arguing that targeting the center would help , not hurt , the Democrat 's Senate campaign .
“ It 's not as if a California Democrat has anything to lose by protecting abortion rights , ” Ms. Abcarian said .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Elections B.C . is gathering experts to study the risks and benefits of Internet voting , but it will likely be years before the province seriously considers replacing paper ballots with websites .
Chief electoral officer Keith Archer will chair a four-member panel of experts in the fields of computer security , technology and electoral administration , which is expected to start meeting late next month , said Nola Western , deputy chief electoral officer .
article continues below
Justice Minister Shirley Bond said it 's time to look at new options , as long as the integrity of elections can be maintained . `` All of us are interested in increasing the voter turnout in elections , whether provincial or municipal , '' she said in a statement .
Elections B.C . said it 's not possible to make changes to the next provincial election , scheduled for May 14 , 2013 .
It 's also unlikely anything would change before 2014 , when municipalities are set to head to the polls .
B.C . 's election law currently does n't allow municipalities to experiment with Internet voting , nor does it permit Elections B.C . to use Internet voting for provincial elections .
The government ignored a request by Archer last November to amend the law to give him the power to try Internet voting pilot projects .
`` We want to have the mandate to at least have the exploration of this topic , '' Archer said at the time .
Instead , Bond announced Thursday she 'd asked Archer to convene the expert panel .
Premier Christy Clark promised to explore online voting during her leadership campaign in early 2011 .
An Elections B.C . discussion paper last September concluded that Internet voting could be more convenient for British Columbians , but also presents more security risks than in-person voting .
The new panel will take a more comprehensive look at the issue than the discussion paper , which is already out of date , said Western .
NDP justice critic Leonard Krog said the Opposition welcomes the panel , but has concerns about the security of online voting and whether it could be vulnerable to attack .
`` There 's a growing interest in this method of voting , and particularly in the municipal level in B.C. , but there are lots of alarm bells , '' said Krog .
While no Canadian provinces currently use Internet voting , the municipalities of Halifax and Markham , Ont. , have tried it , said Western . It 's also common in Europe , she said .
B.C . 's flirtation with online voting coincides with changes to its information and privacy laws last year that paved the way for high-tech identity cards .
The government has said people will one day be able to use the cards to verify their identity and access Internet-based government services , including , potentially , online voting .
rshaw @ timescolonist.com
The American Civil Liberties Union has come to the defense of a former State Department employee who looks likely to be fired for blogging and writing critically about the reconstruction efforts in Iraq .
The ACLU says doing so would violate the constitutional rights of veteran State Department employee Peter Van Buren , according to a letter the group sent the government on Tuesday .
The letter further accuses the government of unlawful retaliation against Van Buren for publishing critical comments about U.S. foreign policy on his personal blog last year .
`` The Supreme Court has repeatedly held that public employees retain their First Amendment rights even when speaking about issues directly related to their employment , as long as they are speaking as private citizens , '' and as long as they 're writing about matters of public concern , the ACLU wrote in its letter ( .pdf ) . `` There can be no dispute that the subject matter of Mr. Van Buren 's book , blog posts , and news articles – the reconstruction effort in Iraq – is a matter of immense public concern . ''
Van Buren , a 23-year Foreign Service officer , was a former leader with the reconstruction team in Iraq following the recent war there . But after he left that position to take up different work in the department , he became a public critic of the U.S. government 's reconstruction efforts in a book he published last year titled We Meant Well : How I Helped Lose the Battle for the Hearts and Minds of the Iraqi People .
Van Buren submitted his book to the State Department for pre-publication review in accordance with federal rules that require employees to obtain clearance before publishing information on `` matters of official concern . ''
Such matters are broadly defined as “ policy , program , or operation of the employee 's agency or to current U.S. foreign policies , or [ that ] reasonably may be expected to affect the foreign relations of the United States . ”
The rule states that material “ must be submitted for a reasonable period of review , not to exceed thirty days. ” But after 30 days had passed and Van Buren had no response from the State Department , he proceeded with publication of his book .
Last August , to coincide with the release of the book , Van Buren wrote a blog post criticizing the government for hypocritical actions against Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and linked to a leaked U.S. State Department cable that had been published by the secret-spilling site WikiLeaks . The link went to a 2009 cable about the sale of U.S. military spare parts to Gaddafi through a Portuguese middleman .
State Department investigators subsequently interrogated Van Buren twice , demanding to know who had helped him write the blog post and asking about the publishing contract for his book .
The investigators warned him that he would be fired if he refused to answer questions and that he could be charged with interfering with a government investigation if he wrote publicly about the inquiry against him , which he did anyway .
The Principal Deputy Secretary of State then wrote Van Buren 's publisher demanding three small redactions from a chapter of his book , which had already shipped to bookstores .
Van Buren 's `` top secret '' security clearance was suspended , and the State Department also confiscated his diplomatic passport and placed him on administrative leave . He was banned from the State Department building , lost access to his work computer , and was re-assigned from his position on the department 's Board of Examiners to a `` makeshift telework position , '' all for failing to submit his writing before publication .
The State Department has lately been putting Van Buren 's two decades ' worth of foreign service skills to use by having him do Google searches on all coroners working in the U.S. and copying their addresses into a document while it decides his fate .
The Department has recommended Van Buren be fired , a proposal that is currently being reviewed by the department 's human resources division . Van Buren was scheduled to respond to the proposal Tuesday , and the ACLU 's letter was sent in support of his response objecting to his firing .
The ACLU said in its letter that the State Department 's publication review policy , as it applied to the pre-publication of blog posts and articles , raised serious constitutional questions , since it amounted essentially to restricting the speech of Van Buren and other State Department employees and does n't comply with other federal policies that allow soldiers , for example , to blog from battlefields without having their writing reviewed .
`` Their official reason , that the blogs did n't comply with pre-clearance , makes sense for books , '' said Ben Wizner , director of the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy & Technology Project . `` A 30-day delay in publishing a book does n't make any difference . For blogs and articles , it 's impractical . ''
The State Department 's actions have clearly been meant to punish him for what he wrote , Van Buren told Wired last year . He said the suspension of his security clearance was particularly vindictive .
“ I 'm fairly close to retirement [ from government work ] and this is a way of not allowing me to retire with a security clearance , ” he said . “ It 's like having a big scarlet ‘ loser ' painted on my forehead . ”
The ACLU 's Wizner agrees that the State Department 's actions are meant as punishment for what Van Buren wrote .
`` There 's nothing he has done that would trigger his firing had he not been a vocal critic of the State Department 's policies , '' Wizner told Wired . `` He 's coming to the end of his career . It calls into question why they 're going to the trouble of firing this guy except to send the message to other government employees that they should stay in their lane . ''
Link to this page : http : //www.socialistparty.org.uk/issue/707/14052
Home | The Socialist 29 February 2012 | Join the Socialist Party
Subscribe | Donate | PDF
Europe - Young people fight ACTA
Thousands of young people across Europe have joined protests against the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) . In Germany , the federal government tried to limit protests by publicly announcing , just before the 11 February day of action , that they will not sign the ACTA agreement and will 're-examine ' it . But young people did not believe their promises and came out to show their opposition to internet restrictions .
The ACTA wants more limits to internet usage . If ratified , it will force internet providers to control users and check their data , based on so-called copyright laws .
Users infringing copyright can be cut off from the internet , so copyright owners could stop normal sharing and content-using and possibly end services such as Youtube and Facebook .
Internet usage is being criminalised - in 2011 , over 200,000 people in Germany were warned or penalised for downloading music , films , etc . Dresden 's state attorney announced plans to impeach users of movie-streaming - previously only providers of movie-streaming were brought to court .
This infuriates young people . On 11 February it provoked the biggest protests in Poland since the mass movement against Stalinist rule . The online-petition against ACTA already had over two million supporters . Demonstrations in Eastern Europe were especially big .
In Germany , there were protests in over 55 cities with around 20,000 participants in Munich . In Austria , protests took place in all the bigger cities . The participants were overwhelmingly teenagers and young students , many of them on their first demonstration .
Many people were mobilised by announcements on file-sharing and movie-streaming websites , although the 'Pirate Party ' in Germany and Austria helped popularise the demonstrations by launching an ACTA campaign website . This party got 8.9 % in the Berlin state elections and now has up to 9 % in national polls .
In Vienna , the right-wing BZO ( a split from the FPO ) tried to capitalise on the protests . Members of the SLP ( CWI members in Austria ) confronted the nationalists and handed out leaflets explaining that a fight against ACTA has to be international and anti-racist .
The protests forced the Austrian Conservative Party ( OVP ) to withdraw support for ACTA . At present it is unclear whether governments will cling to ACTA . The ratification process is already halted in some countries .
However , the `` German content alliance '' , a lobby group of private media companies and even public media , calls for ratification of ACTA and will put pressure on the government .
The EU Commission is reportedly trying to renegotiate an agreement called IPRED ( Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive ) , containing basically the same attacks . If they continue , there will be massive protests .
Young people on these protests also opposed increasing surveillance , and supported internet privacy . Banners mentioned the banning of YouTube videos because of copyright restrictions .
Internet usage plays a big role in many young people 's lives and its criminalisation and restrictions could provoke radicalisation and further protests .
Members of the SAV and SLP in Germany and Austria produced leaflets taking up the question of the big entertainment companies ' profiteering and demanding nationalisation of them .
It is significant that young people chose the way of mass protest . They have now taken part in a united demonstration , mobilising their friends and fellow school students to take a stand on an issue - and now with evidence of some success .
This will provide important lessons for the battles ahead . As the capitalist crisis steals the prospect of a decent future from even more people , many will seek a way out based on mass resistance .
Stop Press :
The protests have forced the European Commission to suspend its efforts to ratify ACTA and instead refer it to the European Court to see whether it `` violates any fundamental EU rights '' .
However , this slight and possibly temporary climbdown should not stop the protests .
The January Jobs Are Statistical Artifacts
Last Friday the US Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that in the first month of this new year 243,000 jobs were created and the unemployment rate ( U.3 ) fell to 8.3 percent . This good news is a mirage . It is due to faulty seasonal adjustments and to the BLS birth/death model . In a prolonged downturn , seasonal adjustments and the birth/death model produce nonexistent employment .
The unadjusted data show a rise in the unemployment rate . The birth/death model , which estimates the net effect of jobs lost from business failures and jobs created by new start-ups was designed for a normal growing economy , not for a prolonged downturn four years old . Statistician John Williams ( shadowstats.com ) reports that the BLS adds 48,000 new jobs per month to the payroll employment report based on the birth/death model even though the economy has not come out of the deep recession . In other words , over the course of a year , the birth/death model adds about 580,000 jobs to the reported jobs numbers . End of year benchmark revisions quietly take the nonexistent jobs out of the totals , but these revisions do not receive headlines and pass largely unnoticed .
The reported January jobs gains are contradicted by other official reports . For example , the January payroll jobs report shows 50,000 new jobs in manufacturing , but according to the recently released 4th quarter GDP , 81 % of the reported growth consisted of undesired inventory accumulation . Normally , companies produce for sales not for inventories . Why would manufacturers be hiring people to produce goods for undesired inventories ?
Most of the new reported January jobs are in services . The January jobs report has 24,500 new jobs in wholesale and retail trade and 13,100 in transportation and warehousing . However the data shows that inflation-corrected real retail sales are down . Why does it take more people to sell fewer goods ?
The other remaining sizable components of the January jobs number are : professional and technical services ( 30,000 ) , administrative and waste services ( 36,700 ) , health care and social assistance ( 29,700 ) , and leisure and hospitality ( 44,000 ) of which the largest component is food services and drinking places ( 32,800 ) .
The leisure , waitresses and bartender employment numbers seen high for January . Perhaps it was an excellent ski month in the US . However , accommodation ( hotels ) does not support this conclusion as accommodation lost 3,900 jobs .
The BLS reports 21,000 new jobs in construction . However , the housing report says that housing starts dropped more than forecast in December , falling 4.1 percent . Why does it take more construction workers to produce fewer houses ? Building permits , a proxy for future construction , were little changed .
As the adjusted data produce phantom jobs and employment , the BLS should headline the raw unadjusted data . With so many discouraged workers unable to find jobs , dropping discouraged workers out of the measure of unemployment seriously understates the true magnitude of the unemployment problem . If Americans were aware of the double-digit unemployment rate , would they be as tolerant of Washington 's multi-trillion dollar wars ? Would Obama be facing a tougher re-election campaign ? Would Republicans be pushing to reduce the federal budget deficit at the expense of the social safety net ?
The phony data serve many interests , but not those of the American people .
WASHINGTON , April 28 ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon has suspended a program that fed information about the Iraq war to retired military officers who appeared on U.S. television networks as independent analysts , the Defense Department said on Monday .
The program , uncovered last week in a New York Times investigation , was criticized by Democrats for providing private briefings , trips and access to classified intelligence to influence analysts ' comments about Iraq and portray the situation as positive even as violence rose in the war zone .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman called the suspension `` temporary '' and said the Defense Department would review the program to ensure it did not violate department policy .
`` It 's temporarily suspended just so that we can take a look at some of the concerns , '' Whitman told reporters .
The retired military analysts program , also known inside the Pentagon as the `` surrogates '' program , is run by the department 's public affairs office .
That office is also conducting the review , Whitman said . He said he does not think the program violated any laws .
Under the program , retired officers hired by television networks as analysts met with senior defense officials and senior commanders both in Washington and on Pentagon-sponsored trips to Iraq .
According to The New York Times , the Bush administration sought to use the analysts to shape coverage from inside the networks .
Sen. Carl Levin , the Michigan Democrat who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee , also said some of the analysts appeared to be working for defense contractors , raising a potential conflict of interest . ( Reporting by Kristin Roberts , Editing by David Wiessler )
TORONTO — A 13-year-old boy is facing multiple charges after allegedly lighting a teenage girl 's hair on fire on a TTC bus in late March .
The boy , who can not be identified under the Youth Criminal Justice Act , was charged with assault with a weapon , uttering threats and failure to comply with recognizance . The final charge means that he has recently been before the courts in a separate case and broke a bail condition .
Toronto police said the victim was travelling on the 71 Runnymede bus near Windermere Avenue and The Queensway at 3:30 p.m. on Mar . 30 when she smelled something burning . The girl realized her hair was being lit on fire when she touched the back of her head and several locks fell into her hand . According to a Toronto police tweet on the day of the incident , the boy was using a lighter .
ASSAULT :
Queensway + Southport St
-On board TTC bus ( 4:05 pm )
-Passenger 's hair set on fire by another
-With a lighter
-TTC holding
^dh — Toronto Police OPS ( @ TPSOperations ) March 30 , 2016
They were pure strangers .
Toronto police Const . Victor Kwong said the victim did n't recognize the boy , who was sitting behind her , when she turned to confront him .
“ They were pure strangers , ” Kwong said . “ The victim was a target because she happened to be sitting in front of this child who thought it would be a good idea to burn someone 's hair . ”
The boy allegedly became defensive and threatened to hurt the girl .
During their argument , the bus driver had already smelled something burning and realized there was an assault taking place . The driver stopped the bus , reported the incident and police were called to the scene .
Neither the driver nor other passengers tried to stop the boy when he walked off the bus , Kwong said .
“ He was in a very threatening and aggressive mood so no one kept him on the bus . ”
The teenage girl was n't burned and suffered no serious injuries , police said .
In similar incidents , TTC spokesman Brad Ross said transit operators are only required to report the incident . The transit service does n't suggest its operators or riders attempt to confront anyone committing an assault .
“ We do n't want our people or customers to engage with anyone , ” Ross said . “ They 're not police officers . ”
Ross said the TTC instead helped the investigation by providing police with CCTV from the bus .
The boy was arrested and charged two days later . He was scheduled to appear at Old City Hall Court on Saturday .
Queensland police investigation into ABC 'impinges on right of free press ' , union says
Updated
A request for Queensland police to cease their investigation into leaked state Cabinet documents used in a series of news stories by ABC Brisbane , will be made by the journalists ' union the Media , Entertainment and Arts Alliance .
Police carried out a search warrant at the South Bank office following a complaint by the Queensland Cabinet Secretary Leighton Craig that the documents may have been `` improperly accessed '' in breach of Cabinet rules .
A police officer from the Queensland Police State Crime Command executed the warrant during a visit to the organisation 's Queensland headquarters on Wednesday afternoon .
The warrant said that a `` person or persons unknown , having been employed in public office by the Queensland Government , unlawfully communicated information , namely confidential Cabinet briefing notes and internal government savings proposals by the Liberal National Party in 2012 … that was his or her duty to keep secret '' .
The stories , by ABC National Reporting Team journalists Mark Willacy and Alexandra Blucher , focused on deep budget cuts to Queensland 's environment department under the then LNP government of Campbell Newman in 2012 .
The stories were based on a raft of leaked Cabinet briefing notes and internal savings proposals .
One Cabinet note revealed the LNP government used a `` pain ranking '' to help decide which programs and budgets would be slashed , while another detailed how oversight of the controversial coal seam gas industry was repeatedly cut .
A third story in the series revealed the former Newman government killed off a profitable climate change company run by the state .
MEAA Queensland director Michelle Rae said the police investigation into the ABC impinged on the right to free press and the community had a right to information .
`` It is a journalist 's job to let the community know important information , and sometimes that can be embarrassing for political leaders , '' she said .
`` When it is embarrassing they have to stand up and then answer the questions that the journalism raises . ''
She said the union was seeking clarification into where the original complaint came from .
`` From the MEAA 's perspective we will be writing to the cabinet secretary and the Attorney-General seeking clarification as to who triggered the complaint , '' she said .
No idea police would take action , Tim Nicholls says
LNP leader Tim Nicholls , who was Queensland treasurer at the time the documents relate to , said the Opposition was told action would be taken after it raised concerns with the Premier 's Department when the original ABC story was published .
But Mr Nicholls told ABC Brisbane today that he had no idea that police would move yesterday .
`` That was entirely a decision of the Queensland Police Service — of course we have no influence in respect of their actions , '' Mr Nicholls said .
`` When these documents first came to light , we raised the issue with the head of the Premier 's Department as to how these documents had managed to come to light , given that they are protected Cabinet in-confidence documents ... protected as all Cabinet deliberations are .
`` This goes to the heart of decision making by governments and that is in relation to the confidence of Cabinet discussions , and there 's a long established Westminster and parliamentary tradition here in Queensland that cabinets make decisions .
`` If they 're not free to consider all options and to have robust discussion around the Cabinet table , then decisions do n't get made . ''
Mr Nicholls said he had no further involvement after asking the director-general of the Premier 's Department during budget estimates hearings in July about what was going on .
`` I do n't know that it was a complaint — I think we raised the issue and said look , we 're concerned to see that Cabinet confidence has been breached , '' Mr Nicholls said .
`` I think the director-general acknowledged our concerns and said that he would take action . ''
Topics : abc , broadcasting , information-and-communication , government-and-politics , state-parliament , police , law-crime-and-justice , public-sector , unions , activism-and-lobbying
First posted
A study from Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) investigators has identified for the first time changes in the metabolic activity of a key brain region in patients successfully treated for depression with psychodynamic psychotherapy , suggesting a mechanism of action behind one of the most historically important and widely practiced forms of therapy . They also found evidence that pretreatment metabolism in a different brain structure might predict which patients are likely to respond to that form of therapy . Their report will appear in the journal Psychotherapy and Psychosomatics and has been issued online .
Considered to be a successor of Freudian analysis , psychodynamic psychotherapy focuses on how a patient 's prior life experiences , particularly important relationships , influence their character and how they relate to others . Through exploration of a patient 's past and current relationships – including the relationship with the therapist – therapy focuses on helping the patient gain insights that can change both mood and behavior .
“ Psychodynamic psychotherapy might be considered the original form of ‘ personalized medicine , ' since it draws directly from a patient 's unique experiences to shape the course of treatment , ” says Joshua Roffman , MD , MGH Department of Psychiatry , lead author of the report . “ While it has been a core part of psychiatric training for decades and continues to be widely practiced , psychodynamic psychotherapy has n't been studied as broadly as have other approaches for a number of reasons , including its greater subjectivity and treatment-by-treatment variability . We do know that psychodynamic treatments are effective for some patients , and this study examined whether differences in neural activity could predict which patients would complete the course of therapy and which would drop out , a common occurrence for any type of therapy . ”
The study enrolled 16 patients diagnosed with major depression for whom previous treatment with medication had not been successful . Prior to beginning the therapy program , participants received standardized assessments of their depression symptoms and of psychological mindedness – the capacity to recognize and understand their own emotions , motivations and actions . Before the first therapy session , participants had a PET imaging procedure that assesses metabolic activity within the brain by measuring glucose uptake .
The study protocol involved 16 weekly individual psychodynamic psychotherapy sessions that , while flexible enough to be adapted to individual patients ' needs , followed a predefined theme and sequence . With participants ' permission , sessions were videotaped and later reviewed by another member of the study team , both to insure that sessions followed the defined pattern and to assess how well participants developed new insights through the therapy . Seven participants discontinued therapy while nine completed all therapy sessions , which were followed by a second set of PET images , taken within a week of therapy 's conclusion , and repeat assessment of depression symptoms .
The PET scans taken before the initiation of therapy revealed that metabolic activity of the right insula – a brain region known to be important for emotional regulation and previously implicated in depression – was higher in participants with more severe depression symptoms . Almost all of those who completed the therapy had a greater than 50 percent reduction in depression symptoms , although improvement was not clinically evident until after the fourth week of treatment , on average . Reduced metabolic activity within the insula from pre- to post-treatment was associated with greater symptom reduction and was correlated with the degree of insight each participant achieved , as determined by the outside observers .
The pretreatment PET scans also revealed significant metabolic differences in an area called the right precuneus between those who went on to complete the therapy and those who dropped out , with a higher metabolic level being observed in the completers . Activity in the precuneus – which has previously been associated with self-awareness and memory – also was associated with the pretreatment level of psychological mindedness , a capacity that has been considered essential to successful psychodynamic treatment .
“ As with all psychiatric interventions , it is notoriously difficult to know ahead of time who is likely to have a good response to psychodynamic psychotherapy and who is not , ” says Roffman , an assistant professor of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School . “ Identification of biological markers that could predict treatment success is a ‘ holy grail ' in psychiatry ; and while the measured differences in psychological mindedness between completers and noncompleters were insignificant , the significant difference in precuneus metabolism suggests that it may a sensitive predictor of treatment response , something that needs to be confirmed in larger trials . ”
Vandals do $ 1 million in damage to Richmond school RICHMOND
Vandals ruined a new auditorium at a Richmond elementary school Sunday , causing close to $ 1 million in damage , police said .
The perpetrators broke into the new Nystrom Elementary School building in the afternoon , said Richmond police Lt. Bisa French . They flooded the auditorium floor , splattered paint over almost every surface and broke all the windows .
`` Usually when there 's vandalism at a school , we think it 's kids , '' she said . `` But this is a lot of malicious damage - a lot of the damage that occurred is n't typical of kids . ''
Some of the suspicious damage includes breaking the exact nozzle on the water heater that would flood the rooms and adjusting wires in the alarm system to shut it off , French said . French said police are looking at disgruntled employees as possible suspects , as well as those with knowledge of the alarm and heating systems .
The building was set to open in a few weeks . French called the vandalism `` shocking and saddening , '' and the police department is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest .
`` It 's an urban area and the kids really need to know that we 're investing in their future and their education , '' French said . `` For something like this to happen , where it 's almost like it 's taken away from them for a longer period of time , it 's really disheartening . ''
Burning Man founder Larry Harvey told The Guardian , `` I do n't think black folks like to camp as much as white folks ” when asked in an interview why there is a lack of racial diversity at the festival .
Harvey also said he would investigate the ultra-rich camps highlighted in a recent New York Times article about the increasingly affluent crowd at the Black Rock City desert fest that began in 1986 on a San Francisco beach .
Advertisement :
A recent census found that 87 % of `` burners '' identified as white ; 6 % identified as Hispanic , 6 % as Asian , and 2 % as Native Americans , according to The Guardian .
Harvey said he would not set a `` racial quota '' and added , “ I think it 's a little much to expect the organization to solve the problem of racial parity . We do see a fast-increasing influx of Asians , black folks . I actually see black folks out here , unlike some of our liberal critics . ”
Here are some of the other many highlights :
On why black people do n't like to camp :
“ Remember a group that was enslaved and made to work . Slavishly , you know in the fields . This goes all the way back to the Caribbean scene , when the average life of a slave in the fields was very short . And , so , there 's that background , that agrarian poverty associated with things . Maybe your first move is n't to go camping . Seriously . ”
On his family and why he understands what it 's like to be a black `` burner ' :
Advertisement :
“ I know how she felt . My son is biracial , if that term makes any sense , but he 's considered black because it 's a touch of the brush [ which ] brands you black anywhere . So I 've encountered that , in reactions to my family . ”
On Burning Man and wealth :
“ We 're not going to judge people in terms of the amount of wealth they bring to the event. ” Silicon Valley “ had always been well represented ” at Burning Man .
Watch scenes from last year 's Burning Man :
NEW DELHI : Liver transplants in India are facing a strange hurdle — fatty liver . Top surgeons say nearly 50 % of livers from live donors and 80 % of those from cadavers are rejected because there is excess accumulation of fat in the organ.With increasing obesity , diabetes and metabolic syndrome , doctors fear the rate of rejection may go up further. “ A liver that 's up to 20 % fatty is accepted for donation . When a donor is diagnosed with 20-30 % fat in the liver , we try to put him or her on special diet and strict exercise regimen to reduce the fat . But those with higher percentage of fat are outrightly rejected , ” said Dr Subhash Gupta , chief liver surgeon at Apollo hospital in New Delhi.He said unlike donors in the western world , Indians who are lean may also have fatty liver . Though no one knows the exact cause of it , scientists blame our genetic predisposition for the condition. “ The liver resides in close proximity to intestines . It is thought that non-Caucasians ( including Indians ) have a different bacterial population that interacts with the immune system and sends signals to the liver which makes us accumulate more fat , ” said Abhijit Chowdhury , a Kolkata-based hepatologist who is researching on lean people with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.How does fatty liver affect a transplant ? According to Dr A S Soin , who heads the Medanta Liver Institute , retrieving a portion of the liver from a person suffering from the condition could put both the donor and the recipient 's life at risk. “ In a liver transplant , we take out a portion of the liver from the donor and place it in the diseased patient . But if the liver fatty , the donor may suffer from organ failure due to reduced capacity of the remaining organ to process food . The recipient is also at risk for developing toxicity which is fatal , ” Soin said.To counter the problem , most transplant centres ask family members to reduce liver fat . “ If one can reduce 10 % of the body weight in one and a half months , he or she can be considered a donor . Clinical experience shows 10 % weight reduction leads to significant reduction in liver fat . For that , we suggest rigorous exercise , diet modification including limiting the intake of food items containing complex sugar such as carbonated drinks and medications such as vitamin E , ” said Dr S K Sarin , director of the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences ( ILBS ) .At Apollo hospital , officials said , a 48-year-old woman suffering from liver failure due to an auto-immune disorder underwent transplant recently . Her husband , who weighed 85kg , lost 5kg in a few weeks and was able to donate his organ to his wife . “ I wanted to save her at any cost , ” he said.Every year , more than 60,000 people die in India due to liver failure . At most , 1,500 lives are saved with liver transplant — the only treatment option available to such patients — due to lack of donors . “ The irony of the situation is that more people are suffering from liver failure due to fatty liver disease . But the number of people who can donate is also reducing due to the same condition , ” said Sarin .
Everybody at Chelsea Football Club is deeply shocked and saddened to learn of the death of five people at Leicester City 's King Power stadium on Saturday evening , including the club 's chairman , Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha .
Also on board were Nursara Suknamai , Kaveporn Punpare , pilot Eric Swaffer and Izabela Roza Lechowicz .
Khun Vichai was a passionate owner and supporter of Leicester , overseeing their incredible , unforgettable 2015/16 Premier League success with N'Golo Kante and Danny Drinkwater both a part of that team managed by Claudio Ranieri . He was a regular attendee of matches and a popular figure with fans and colleagues alike .
Our thoughts at this sad time are with the family and friends of all those who lost their lives , as well as the players , staff and supporters at Leicester City .
Service interrupted
WikiLeaks hit with two cyber-attacks
Somebody does n't like WikiLeaks .
Since Sunday , the Web site dedicated to exposing government and corporate secrets has suffered two computer assaults , each of which has overwhelmed its servers and rendered the site temporarily inaccessible .
Some observers immediately speculated that the attacker might be the U.S. government , which has condemned WikiLeaks ' release of more than 250,000 diplomatic cables .
Experts said a more likely culprit is a `` patriotic '' hacker incensed by WikiLeaks ' publication of massive amounts of classified government material .
`` You have ethical hackers who are really opposed to the notion that you should be the one to decide what information should be disseminated , '' said Mark D. Rasch , a former federal cyber-crime prosecutor and now a security consultant .
The attacks have been small to medium-size in scope , said Craig Labovitz , chief scientist at Arbor Networks , a security firm . Neither rises `` to some of the really large attacks we 've seen on a regular basis , '' Labovitz said .
A Twitter user with a history of past `` denial of service '' attacks whose handle is `` Jester '' claimed responsibility for the first attack , Labovitz said .
According to cyber-threat researcher Richard Stiennon , Jester is a former Special Forces soldier who has gone after sites he associates with al-Qaeda and other terrorists .
`` He has real capability , '' Stiennon said . `` If he says he took down WikiLeaks , he took down WikiLeaks . ''
Stewart Baker , a former National Security Agency general counsel , said it would be pointless for the government to attack a site such as WikiLeaks , because `` all you 'll do is turn it into a gypsy Web site . They 'll find some place to go . ''
Plus , he said , it would be a public relations coup .
`` They 'll portray their every move as a victory over 'the man , ' `` Baker said .
As has become increasingly clear over the past year , Gov . Charlie Baker is n't interested in investing in or improving the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority . His administration is so ideologically committed to his slogan of “ Reform before revenue ” that his hand-picked control board has used funny accounting regarding commuter rail service and cherry picked data to justify ending late night service .
The board has also seemingly committed to a potentially illegal fare hike ( while the governor and Massachusetts House Speaker Robert DeLeo pledge not to raise taxes or fees ! ) to go on top of service cuts . The whole thing stinks . The reform side seems lacking , as well .
According to Boston Magazine , Transportation secretary Stephanie Pollack has said that the $ 7 billion maintenance backlog will be cleared away over the next 25 years . I guess the region is supposed to not grow or only grow in a car-dependent way until 2041 .
However , no matter what reasons or screwy accounting they come up with to justify their perverse measures , they are still in charge for at least three more years , so it bears thinking about what the MBTA can do to improve service with the resources at its disposal and the constraints that have been placed upon it .
There are a lot of little tweaks that can be made to the system . They would n't be showy and they would n't be ideal , but they would be doable with the T 's limited resources . I think they would result not only in service improvements , but they would make the system easier and less stressful to use .
Houston recently debuted a reconfigured system designed by Jarrett Walker , which used the system 's existing resources to provide higher quality service by eliminating route branching and making long routes shorter . According to Streetsblog , ridership is up four percent already and Walker predicts ridership to increase 20 percent within two years .
In Boston , there are definitely opportunities for improvement . For instance , there are a few routes that could be greatly improved by being straightened out . Route 64 , for example , has three distinct detours that make it run longer for no appreciable increase in service .
Similarly , Route 66 has an unnecesarry detour that takes it through Union Square and results in it having too many stops in Allston and having to perform an ackward manuever of turning right into a stop and immediately after having to turn left against two lanes of traffic . Not surprisingly , it 's often unable to turn .
If it went straight down Harvard Avenue to Cambridge Street , not only would three stops , a left turn and about a mile of extraneous route be eliminated , but a better connection could be made with Route 57 , which runs along Brighton Avenue . Currently , if one is on the 66 and wants to transfer to the 57 , things can be nightmarish . If one is on the 66 heading towards Harvard and wants to go to Brighton , you can use the Quint Street stop . If you 're heading toward Dudley , but want to go to Brighton , you have to cross Union Square — the intersection of Cambridge Street , North Beacon Street and Brighton Avenue , which is dangerous , car-oriented and frustrating . Similarly , if you 're on the 57 and want to go to Harvard , you have to cross that monstrous perversion .
But the intersection of Harvard Avenue and Brighton Avenue is much safer and simpler and so having the stops there would improve the route 's usability enormously .
Similar little improvements could be made at Barry 's Corner , where the stops of the 66 , 86 and 70 could be combined to improve transfers .
The 66 has two stops in Barry 's Corner , Kingley Street and the old Charlesview on the far side of Western Avenue , which it shares with the 86 . The 70 also has two stops in Barry 's Corner , Riverdale Street ( shared with the 86 ) and Travis Street .
Those four could easily be combined into one at North Harvard Street and Western Avenue .
Another obvious idea is in Harvard Square . I do n't understand why the 66 has so many stops in Harvard Square , especially since they do n't allow for easy connections to anything except the One bus .
I see two possibilities for very easy improvement . One would be to just have one stop inbound and one out . It would cross the Charles like normal , but instead of stopping across from Eliot Street , it would stop right at Harvard Square Station . It would then do the loop and come down and pick up outbound passengers across the street from the station in front of the Harvard Coop .
An alternative would be to send it through the Harvard Busway . Like the 86 it could turn left onto Eliot Street and go down Bennett Alley to drop passengers off in the upper busway , loop around to pick up passengers in the lower busway and out via Bennett Alley and Eliot Street .
A further improvement in Harvard Square would use a modest investment to make them fare-controlled areas , reducing dwell times .
The last little improvement that would make a huge difference is all the way down in Roxbury Crossing . The station is built around a bridge of Tremont Street over Orange Line and commuter rail tracks . Heading towards Dudley , the 66 stops right outside the station doors . Heading towards Harvard , it stops right across the street . So far so good . The problem is that Tremont Street is four lanes wide and this patently obvious desire line has no protection . They want you to walk down to Columbus Avenue , wait for a pedestrian signal and cross there .
No . Absolutely not . Ideally , the station platform would be extended and an escalator and stairs constructed on the other side , but it would be a lot cheaper and simpler if a signalized crossing could be built there .
Yes , these changes would inconvenience some drivers , but quite frankly , I do n't give a shit about them .
Advertisements
Share
The proposed planet ( which for now is just called “ planet nine ” ) is too far away to be seen with current telescopes — but that does n't necessarily mean it ca n't be detected via other methods . Brown focused on gravitation influence , recently presenting data that shows an unexpected orbital pattern in several solar system outer members . These six Kuiper Belt Objects ( KBO ) all have unusual orbits when they approach the sun . Despite having different orbital lengths , all six objects come towards the sun on the same side , in the same orbital plane and at similar distances . More than just a coincidence , Brown believes these aberrations are the result of this ninth planet , whose elongated orbit brings its gravity influence in proximity to these celestial objects .
Brown 's case for the existence of the ninth planet was met with a fair amount of skepticism at first , but his theory was recently bolstered by an announcement given during a SETI Colloquium . At this meeting , a team of researchers presented information on a new Kuiper Belt Object ( KBO ) with an orbit of 30 and 50 AUs ( Astronomical Units ) , where one AU is the distance from the Earth to the Sun . According to a tweet by Brown , the new KBO is “ exactly where planet nine says it should be . ”
Astronomers are interested in Brown 's proposal , but the community is taking a conservative response to his claim as it is based on the sometimes unreliable measurement of gravitation influence . This is not the first time a scientist has claimed to have found a new planet using this technique . Previous astronomers have used similar gravitational observations to predict the presence of other planets , but all of these claims have turned out to be false .
Image caption Paxman with and without his famous beard
The public outcry over Jeremy Paxman 's beard last year has given the Newsnight presenter fodder for a one-man show at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival .
PAXO will see Paxman discussing topics such as `` pogonophobia '' - an abnormal fear or dislike of beards .
The show in August will also allow the audience to turn the tables and `` quiz the grand inquisitor '' , renowned for his confrontational interviewing style .
Other subjects being pondered include `` underpants and the human condition '' .
`` I have no idea why I 'm doing this , '' revealed Paxman . `` Some fool said you only regret the things in life that you do n't do , but I 'm regretting this already . ''
However , the show 's director Sarah Esdaile said she was looking forward to `` harnessing Jeremy 's positive mental attitude '' and promised `` a little insight into the enigmatic Mr Paxman and what makes him tick '' .
Paxman 's beard trended on Twitter after its debut on BBC Two 's Newsnight last August .
However , he shaved it off for the new year , telling Radio Times magazine : `` If a chap ca n't shave on holiday , what can he do ? Beards are so 2013 . ''
PAXO will run from the 18-25 August at the Pleasance Cabaret Bar .
By Kathy Stephenson , The Salt Lake Tribune -- The number of distilleries in Utah nearly doubled on Tuesday when the state liquor commission granted licenses to two new Salt Lake County spirit-making operations .
Sugar House Distillery , 2212 S. West Temple , and Beehive Distillery , 1745 S. Milestone ( 3000 West ) , are the fourth and fifth small-batch distilleries licensed by the state .
High West Distillery has two licenses in Park City and Salt Lake City , while Utah 's Own in Ogden has the third .
Sugar House Distillery owner James Fowler , an avid home brewer , walked into his first distillery about five years ago and immediately `` knew it was what I wanted to do . ''
He has traveled around the country to learn the business and recently hired Dan Feldman , from Mother Earth Brewing in North Carolina , to be the head distiller .
The company 's first product will be a vodka , but it also plans to make a honey whiskey .
The liquor commission also approved a package agency license for Sugar House , which means consumers will eventually be able to buy the small-batch spirits at the distillery .
Matt Aller and Chris Barlow are the owners of Beehive Distillery , which plans to make high-end gin .
`` We feel like it 's an up-and-coming spirit and something no other Utah distillery is offering , '' Aller said . Beehive products will be available through state liquor stores .
The UK would be better off outside the European Union even if Brussels yields to all of David Cameron and George Osborne 's current demands , according to one of Labour 's biggest donors .
John Mills , the JML home shopping entrepreneur , said the UK had a `` one-off '' chance to re-shape the bloc in a way that was fair for Britain , but that chance was `` not being taken '' by the Prime Minister and Chancellor .
Labour 's biggest individual donor said Europe had `` lost its way '' and that the Government 's present strategy would not stop businesses from being strangled by red tape or reduce Britain 's huge EU budget bill in a big way .
`` There is a one-off chance for big reform which is not being taken . '' John Mills
`` I think what everybody in this country wants is free trade with Europe and lots and lots of political co-operation . But they do n't want this huge political super structure - and that seems to me what we ought to be campaigning for .
`` But that 's not what we 're going to get . '' said Mr Mills , who is co-chairman of Business for Britain . `` There is a one-off chance for big reform which is not being taken , '' he said , adding that `` on balance '' , Britain would still be better off `` on our own . ''
While Mr Mills described steps to bring France and Germany together after the war as `` a real success story '' , he said the single currency had proven to be a `` disaster '' .
Mr Mills said the Government 's demands , which include curbs on benefits for people coming to Britain from the rest of the EU , clawing back powers from Brussels and EU safeguards against ever closer union in the eurozone would not address the bigger issues .
It came as a new study showed half of company directors said the way they will vote in the European Union referendum will depend on what reforms the Prime Minister achieves .
A survey of more than 1,200 members of the Institute of Directors finds that two-thirds of respondents agreed that the benefits of the UK remaining a full member of the EU outweighed the negatives , but only 13pc think that the EU currently has a viable socio-economic model .
Half replied that the way they will vote in the forthcoming referendum will depend on what reforms David Cameron achieves , with 40pc intending to vote to remain under all circumstances , and 7pc saying they will definitely vote to leave .
The IoD said that businesses want Europe to focus more on securing trade deals and to stay away from social and employment law , with half saying that EU interventions in these areas were “ unhelpful ” .
Simon Walker , director general of the IoD , said : “ It is vital that politicians here and across the Continent move away from a rigid Europe which seeks to micro-manage the economies of member states . In particular , we are calling on the Labour party to acknowledge that maintaining the status quo is not good enough . ”
Mr Cameron has pledged to hold a referendum on Britain 's EU membership before the end of 2017 .
Miriam-Webster has declared “ surreal ” the word of the year for 2016 . As Ron Sakolsky argues below , they do n't seem to know what the word means , which does n't inspire a lot of confidence in their dictionary . At least they did n't choose “ anarchy ” !
HANDS OFF THE WORD “ SURREAL ” !
The enemies of poetry have always been obsessed with making it a slave to their immediate ends . They see jet bombers without thinking of Icarus .
Benjamin Péret
On December 19 , 2016 , the gatekeepers of discourse at Miriam-Webster Dictionary named “ surreal ” as its Word of the Year .
Far from taking this dubious distinction as a compliment , the living surrealist movement is appalled by Webster 's simplistic , distorted and one-dimensional characterization of the term “ surreal ” as being relegated to descriptions of disaster situations . As surrealists , we must speak for ourselves to provide a larger surrealist context for understanding the deeper questions of why such disasters happen in the first place and how to transform the present reality of which they are the inevitable byproduct .
According to the Dictionary 's editor , Peter Sokolowski , “ Miriam-Webster , which first began tracking [ computer ] search trends in 1996 , found a spike for the word after the 9/11 attacks . We noticed the same thing after the Boston Marathon bombings and the shootings at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando . The single biggest spike in look-ups came the day after Donald Trump 's election . Surreal has become the sort of word that people seek in moments of great shock and tragedy. ” To situate the term “ surreal ” exclusively among the disquieting deeds mentioned above is to do the English language a grave disservice . Surrealism remains the sworn adversary of all forms of authoritarian orthodoxy rather than merely acting as their expressive dimension .
If “ surreal ' is to be remembered as the “ go-to ” word for 2016 , let it be recalled for all of its many wonders rather than being stereotyped as merely a descriptor for the malaise associated with terrorism and electoral politics and the terrorism of electoral politics . It is true that the word “ surreal ” brilliantly evokes that visceral sense of the uncanny associated with such strangely unsettling events , but it is capable of doing so much more . Sokolowski demonstrates his ignorance of surrealism by saying , “ I believe there are words such as surreal or love that help us grapple with things difficult to understand ” . If he had spent any time at all attempting to understand the subversive qualities of the “ surreal ” rather than concentrating his attention on mitigating the horrors of the real , he would not have juxtaposed surrealism and love . Love is not foreign to surrealism , but is one of its guiding inspirations along with Liberty and Poetry .
Hands off the word “ surreal ” ! Release it from the miserabilist Procrustean chopping block where Webster has editorially imprisoned it , and let its convulsive beauty illuminate not only the dystopian nightmare but the utopian dream of a world in which we can all live more poetic lives . And rest assured that what we surrealists call the Marvelous will be the playing field for our passional attractions not just for the year 2016 but for the entirety of the 21st century .
Ron Sakolsky , Inner Island Surrealist Group
December 22 , 2016
Advertisements
I was not born blind but was in a car accident when I was 14 , which caused me to lose my sight — after my accident I was introduced to a world of accessible technology using proprietary and nonfree software . I came to free software from using Windows and used a program called Jaws — this software allows people who are blind or have low vision to access a computer and be productive , by reading text and actions on the screen .
Jaws is nonfree software — users ca n't share it due to the terms of the license and as a result many people who would benefit from it , are unable to get a copy . In the United States , around 80 % of vision impaired people are unemployed , and often people who need this software can request a copy from their local government , but this usually comes with many frustrating requirements , such as being a current student or requiring the software for a job . And of course , giving up important freedoms as a computer user .
Around 1999 , I had a recording studio in my house and my business partner was telling me about GNU/Linux and the philosophy behind it . I also heard that some distributions came with a screen reader called speakup out of the box , and so if I could get the system installed , I 'd have a screen reader right out of the box with no third-party software . I tried to install it , but failed miserably .
I tried several times to use free software over the years , with limited success until 2007 , when I heard that distributions were now using a new screen reader , called Orca — I picked one of the popular distributions of the day , downloaded and installed it on my computer — I was surprised to find that everything just worked . Granted , at this time , the Orca screen reader was not as good as the proprietary software I was used to , but I did n't care — I was willing to put up with the lack of performance for the freedom it gave me .
Once I started using a free screen reader with a free operating system , I had freedom in my own computing , and realized the importance of free software for accessibility — it is important for people who depend on accessible software to understand the freedoms that come with using free software , and no longer be stuck in a world of relying on nonfree accessibility software .
So I 'm now an advocate of promoting the use of free software in accessibility and want to help educate other people who depend on assistive technology and explain to them the freedoms they deserve .
One of my goals at the Free Software Foundation this summer is to start work on a completely free and fully accessible distribution of GNU/Linux based on Trisquel , which I 'm using for my work at the Foundation .
A completely blind person will be able to install this software without assistance , and once they they put the CD into their computer it will boot into a live session , the Orca screen reader will start talking right away , and then they can start the installation process . Once installed , the screen reader will be already running when you first log in . The majority of programs installed by default will have good accessibility and there will also be screen magnification features by default for low vision users .
This would be just the start of this accessible distribution . I want people to understand the power and flexibility of free software and not depend on proprietary companies to provide accessible software . This will result in giving the power and freedom to the people who depend on accessibility to ask for feature requests and make bug reports . By working together as a community , we can make a big difference in the lives of people who rely on assistive technologies .
More information about the FSF 's internship program is at http : //www.fsf.org/volunteer/internships .
Exchange of fire kills two Americans and three Afghan soldiers , marking 2,000th US death in the conflict
Two Americans were killed in Afghanistan during an exchange of fire between Nato-led forces and the Afghan army that may have been the result of a misunderstanding , as the death toll of US military and civilian personnel passed 2,000 .
A US official , who asked not to be identified , said on Sunday that an American soldier and a civilian contractor had been killed in the incident in eastern Afghanistan , the circumstances of which remain unclear .
The coalition initially said the incident may have been the result of an `` insider attack '' and another example of a member of the Afghan national security force turning on coalition troops in a war that began in 2001 . But it later said that nearby insurgent gunfire may have led to a misunderstanding .
`` The circumstances were somewhat confused ... There was a report of insurgent firing taking place in this incident which we believe may have been a factor , '' lieutenant general Adrian Bradshaw , deputy commander of the Nato-led coalition , said .
It was the latest setback for the coalition after the United States said joint operations with Afghan forces were returning to normal .
Joint operations were halted two weeks ago after a surge of attacks on the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) by its Afghan allies . At least 52 Isaf service members have been killed this year in so-called `` green-on-blue '' attacks .
The suspension of joint operations was a blow for Nato which wants to train the 350,000 members of the Afghan security forces so that they can try to ensure stability after coalition forces withdraw .
Pentagon data listing the number of US troops and contractors killed in Afghanistan since combat began 11 years ago showed the two new deaths pushed the total combined number of US personnel killed past the 2,000 mark .
The attack took place in the Sayed Abad district of the Wardak province , according to local police sources , who said a gun battle had broken out between coalition soldiers and Afghans when an Afghan National Army member opened fire on American troops .
Three members of the Afghan National Army were also killed in the firefight , while three other US citizens and one Afghan were wounded , police spokesman Wali Mohammad said on Sunday .
`` We appreciate the sacrifice of our fallen heroes , every death is tragic and important - none more than any other , '' Isaf said in a statement after the incident on Saturday .
Tension between coalition forces and their Afghan allies has been rising due to an escalation of so-called `` insider '' attacks , but Bradshaw denied the incident was a reflection of growing mistrust between Afghan and coalition forces .
`` There is a very strong relationship between Isaf and our Afghan colleagues , '' Bradshaw told a press conference late on Sunday .
Separately on Saturday , police in eastern Kunar province said they had found the beheaded bodies of three male civilians in a forest .
The Taliban had kidnapped the men three days ago for allegedly spying for the government and Nato forces , Kunar police chief Shirwah Sameen told Reuters .
Spoilers for Gotham Season 2 Episode 5 : Scarification Ahead !
Tonight 's episode of Gotham was fairly momentous . Normally , we 'd be writing a few articles just about the debut of a new villain , as Firefly made her first appearance , even donning a full costume for the occasion . But with all the mythology packed into the episode , there 's more on our minds about Gotham than ever before .
A key piece of that mythology was the reveal that the Galavan family is really of the Dumas line , and that the Order of St. Dumas is involved in their scheme of revenge against Gotham in general and the Wayne family in particular . Of course , in the comic books , where the Order of St. Dumas goes , typically their chief warrior follows , and that means Azrael could come to Gotham in some form , and very soon . We asked Gotham EP John Stephens about the Order of St. Dumas and their warrior vigilante , and he was surprisingly candid . `` We will be going deeper into the Order of St. Dumas over the next run of episodes , and it will continue to play an evolving role for the rest of the season , '' Stephens told ComicBook.com exclusively . Of course , there was a second half , and when I asked him about the link between St. Dumas and Azrael , he blew my mind . `` And yes , we would n't be telling an Order of St. Dumas story without also intending to tell an Azrael story . Just keep watching . ”
Now many people think of Azrael instantly as Jean-Paul Valley , the character that took over for Bruce Wayne as Batman when his back was broken . But that 's not the only Azrael in the comics ; several have been shown on-panel , with another , Michael Lane , taking up the mantel and being quite big over recent years , even making it into a couple of batmen : Arkham games . We know we 're seeing some form of Azrael on Gotham , but what form will that take ? The most likely thing we 'll see here are a more general warrior class of St. Dumas followers . They 'll be prototypical Azraels , maybe even warriors who are training and competing to be the great champion , rather than a single character . That jives with the comics , where the Order has had larger forces of Azrael-in-training type soldiers ( whom the current Azrael then often leads ) . It also fits in great with what the Order priest tells Theo Galavan at the end of the episode :
`` The day of redemption is at hand . Our brothers are crossing the ocean now , warriors unlike this city has ever known , '' he says . That 's a great indication that it 'll be a larger force , rather than a single assassin .
The comic book Azraels have also followed different factions of The Order , with the two most famous ones both stemming from splinter groups , each of which broke off from the main group after a major failure by one of the champions . What we could see , then , is the formation or origin story of one of these splinters . Most likely , though , it 'll be a version a little closer to the Michael Lane fanatic and a little further from the utter lunacy of Jean-Paul .
Any way you slice it , though , we can exclusively confirm this vigilante warrior will be seen on the small screen , and years before Batman ever makes it to the show . Expect someone with a cross on some chainmail armor , and maybe even a flaming sword or two , in the near future . This is the `` Rise of the Villains '' season , so do n't expect them to be very nice , either . After all , the priest continued , `` Gotham will be redeemed in blood , and Bruce Wayne will die . ''
TSI Marc
Premium Member
join:2006-06-23
Chatham , ON TSI Marc to NytOwl
Premium Member to NytOwl
Re : C'mon TekSavvy - Bring back your POTS offering said by NytOwl : said by TSI Andre : We are the ones that placed the stop-sell , not Bell .
Why ?
To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one . This is a service that 's not mandated by the CRTC . It was at one point but then it became fore born ( not mandated anymore ) . We then went into an agreement with Bell to be able to continue to offer the service but they would only do it with certain limitations on how many subscribers we could sign up that come directly from them . For a while it went unnoticed that we were signing up too many directly from Bell . The issue is now resolved however we do need to stay within a certain amount each month . We 're still investigating to see how we can do this properly.To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one .
grunze510
join:2009-02-14
Cote Saint-Luc , QC grunze510 Member said by TSI Marc : said by NytOwl : said by TSI Andre : We are the ones that placed the stop-sell , not Bell .
Why ?
To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one . This is a service that 's not mandated by the CRTC . It was at one point but then it became fore born ( not mandated anymore ) . We then went into an agreement with Bell to be able to continue to offer the service but they would only do it with certain limitations on how many subscribers we could sign up that come directly from them . For a while it went unnoticed that we were signing up too many directly from Bell . The issue is now resolved however we do need to stay within a certain amount each month . We 're still investigating to see how we can do this properly.To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one .
By the way , if they have a problem with people ditching their service , then they should stop bumping their price at an average of $ 0.50/month or more ! ( Not that it 's going to happen ............ ) Well , it only took 5 or 6 months , but it 's nice to see that we finally have an answer of some sort.By the way , if they have a problem with people ditching their service , then they should stop bumping their price at an average of $ 0.50/month or more ! ( Not that it 's going to happen ............ )
Davesnothere
Change is NOT Necessarily Progress
Premium Member
join:2009-06-15
Canada Davesnothere Premium Member said by grunze510 : Well , it only took 5 or 6 months , but it 's nice to see that we finally have an answer of some sort .
By the way , if they have a problem with people ditching their service , then they should stop bumping their price at an average of $ 0.50/month or more ! ( Not that it 's going to happen ............ )
Are they meaning B $ ELL , yes ?
Call me 'Out of the ( Local ) Loop ' , but I fully cut the cord with BH # $ ELL last December , and partially as far back as 2008 , so I have not seen these hikes of which you speak . Are they meaning B $ ELL , yes ? Call me 'Out of the ( Local ) Loop ' , but I fully cut the cord with BH # $ ELL last December , and partially as far back as 2008 , so I have not seen these hikes of which you speak .
eots
join:2003-02-04 eots to TSI Marc
Member to TSI Marc
said by TSI Marc : said by NytOwl : said by TSI Andre : We are the ones that placed the stop-sell , not Bell .
Why ?
To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one .
This is a service that 's not mandated by the CRTC . It was at one point but then it became fore born ( not mandated anymore ) . We then went into an agreement with Bell to be able to continue to offer the service but they would only do it with certain limitations on how many subscribers we could sign up that come directly from them . For a while it went unnoticed that we were signing up too many directly from Bell . The issue is now resolved however we do need to stay within a certain amount each month . We 're still investigating to see how we can do this properly.To note also is that this agreement was put in place prior to launching our TekTalk service . Today we would much rather people sign up for it instead of the traditional phone service but that being said , we have no intention of removing the Bell one . Since it was Bell who put the limit on ported numbers in place then this is typical Bell being anti competitive again . A lot of customers do n't want VOIP for various reasons and if you 're on DSL then you have to pay extra for a dry loop . I prefer to keep a land line and my phone number .
TSI Marc
Premium Member
join:2006-06-23
Chatham , ON TSI Marc Premium Member I hear what you 're saying . The alternative is that we do n't sell it at all . It 's really that simple . We ca n't force them to do anything on this front .
Nagilum
Premium Member
join:2012-08-15
Kitchener , ON Nagilum to TSI Marc
Premium Member to TSI Marc
said by TSI Marc : We 're still investigating to see how we can do this properly .
Thanks for the update Marc ! It 's good to finally get some more information on this.Perhaps something as simple as a waiting list would work for people that want to transfer over ? Just have them sign up in the Teksavvy portal .
TSI Andre
Got TekSavvy ?
Premium Member
join:2008-06-03
Chatham , ON TSI Andre Premium Member That is a fantastic idea . There was a conversation internally about adding this .
Thanks for the feedback .
Cheers ,
Andre
Teddy Boom
k kudos Received
Premium Member
join:2007-01-29
Toronto , ON 46.6 9.8
Teddy Boom Premium Member said by TSI Andre : That is a fantastic idea . There was a conversation internally about adding this .
Communicating something understandable soonest is pretty important . I mean , maybe Marc does n't even realize that what he just said is actually a revelation for us . If you guys had communicated that simple idea 6 months ago , a lot of dismay and anger would have been assuaged . Waiting lists can be gamed of course , but I think if people are required to put the phone number as well as their name the level of shenanigans should be minimal.Communicating something understandable soonest is pretty important . I mean , maybe Marc does n't even realize that what he just said is actually a revelation for us . If you guys had communicated that simple idea 6 months ago , a lot of dismay and anger would have been assuaged .
BrianV
join:2008-11-17
Long Sault , ON BrianV to TSI Marc
Member to TSI Marc
Any update about internal plans for this ?
This is remarkably anti-competitive .
TSI Marc
Premium Member
join:2006-06-23
Chatham , ON TSI Marc Premium Member We have a commercial agreement with Bell that says we can only sign up a certain percentage of our overall signups from them .
We are free to sell again but we do n't have a way to effectively stop selling mid month each month when we 're likely to trip over the limit . So it 's remained the way it is for now .
TSI Marc
Premium Member
join:2006-06-23
Chatham , ON TSI Marc Premium Member sorry , yeah the same still holds .. no change . we still dont have a way to track and implement stop sells mid-month .. every month .. there 's basically no easy way to deal with this other then to maybe handball a few here and there ..
morisato
join:2008-03-16
Oshawa , ON morisato Member What You need to do is Come up with a workaround , Port the Number to tektalk , THen Port it back to the landline p : ) Thus Your not Porting from a bell landline to a teksavvy landline . Aka Loophole !
videonerd
join:2007-01-21 videonerd to morisato
Member to morisato
It 's not a loophole , you just uh , did n't like the VoIP service . yeah .
HeadSpinning
MNSi Internet
join:2005-05-29
Windsor , ON HeadSpinning to morisato
Member to morisato
said by morisato : What You need to do is Come up with a workaround , Port the Number to tektalk , THen Port it back to the landline p : ) Thus Your not Porting from a bell landline to a teksavvy landline . Aka Loophole !
Since the Wholesale POTS product is not tariffed , Bell can impose whatever commercial terms the wholesale customer agrees to - as unreasonable as they may be . That actually wo n't work . If the number is a native Bell number , it does n't matter where it is coming from ( Cable , VoIP , etc . ) , it still counts against the wholesale customer 's maximums . Presumably , this is because Bell is too lazy to get their programmers to sift out the most recent carrier a number was ported from , rather than the original number owner.Since the Wholesale POTS product is not tariffed , Bell can impose whatever commercial terms the wholesale customer agrees to - as unreasonable as they may be .
braveneworld
join:2012-12-16
Etobicoke , ON braveneworld Member Marc/TSI -- I 'd really love to port over both my landline and DSL business from Bell . Happy to use a waiting list , or the `` handball '' method . Suggestions for triggering either option would be gratefully received .
TSI Keith
Premium Member
join:2012-07-09 TSI Keith Premium Member Hello ,
At the moment there is no further word on this but I will ask around tomorrow and see if there might be any ETA or possible options ( such as a waiting list )
In the meantime you mention phone and DSL . You 're going to want to move the DSL service first ( and could do so now if you 'd like ) to avoid any downtime . Before the stop sell on phone if we were to port a number over and order DSL at the same time the DSL would be delayed by approximately 5 business days . However if the DSL was brought over first , then the phone could be ported which should n't have any downtime .
Thank you ,
Keith
cognizantt6
join:2009-06-13
Montreal , QC cognizantt6 Member guspaz , that gave me the best laugh i 've had this week . thank you .
Savant
Premium Member
join:2001-08-12
Toronto Savant to TSI Keith
Premium Member to TSI Keith
So how old will I be before the POTS offering comes back ? How about allowing current customers an inside track ? The limits ca n't be so tight that you ca n't set a monthly quota . Heck , even if you have to have reps make notes and post it on a whiteboard at the end of the day it would be better than nothing . This is lost revenue , I 'm surprised you guys have n't figured out a solution yet .
In the delivery room , the baby and the mother 's health are paramount .
Photo by wong yu liang/Shutterstock
Should a father be allowed in the delivery room for the birth of his child , over the mother 's objections ? A New Jersey judge said no last November , in a ruling that was released in writing earlier this week . “ Any interest a father has before the child 's birth is subordinate to the mother 's interest , ” Judge Sohail Mohammed wrote . That has to be the right call . At the same time , I can understand why father 's rights groups see the ruling as discrimination : It privileges motherhood over fatherhood .
Rebecca DeLuccia and Steven Plotnick agree that they started a relationship in late 2012 and that DeLuccia learned she was pregnant in February 2013 . Plotnick proposed and they got engaged . By September , they had broken up . Plotnick wanted to be involved with the pregnancy and with the child . Which is good , right ? It 's what we want fathers to do . But in this case , for whatever reason , Plotnick lawyered up . In October , Plotnick 's lawyer wrote to DeLuccia , and then she got a lawyer too , and over the next month letters went back and forth about who would sign the birth certificate , who would be at the hospital for the birth , and—as Mohammed delicately puts it—whether there would be “ litigation to resolve the matter if it could not be resolved amicably . ”
In November , Plotnick sued , saying DeLuccia was refusing to let him sign the birth certificate , tell him when she went into labor , or allow him to be present for the delivery . DeLuccia responded by denying the first two accusations but saying that yes , she “ will request her privacy in the delivery room , ” as the judge writes . She said she would put Plotnick 's name on the list of visitors for after the delivery , though .
That sounds like a pretty good compromise to me . Once the baby is born , it 's about the baby . Before that , though , it 's about the mother , too—there is just no way to separate her from the fetus . That 's the basic reality of nature that should allow a mother to decide the circumstances of her labor and delivery . “ It is an inescapable biological fact that state regulation with respect to the child a woman is carrying will have a far greater impact on the mother 's liberty than on the father 's , ” the Supreme Court said in 1992 in Planned Parenthood v. Casey , the case that reaffirmed Roe v. Wade and also held that states ca n't require women to inform their spouses that they 're having an abortion . If a woman does n't want her ex in the room while she gives birth—an ex who she 's not talking to and who after all is suing her—then he can wait in the hallway . He 'll still have plenty of opportunity to bond with his newborn .
The same logic of biology convinced me that a New York judge was wrong last year when she barred Sara McKenna , a former Marine and firefighter , from moving from California to New York , because she wanted to go to Columbia University , when she was seven months pregnant . The father of McKenna 's child was the Olympic skier Bode Miller , and he tried to block her from moving across the country by asserting his paternal rights before his child was born . An appeals court quickly reversed that order . Again , fathers just can not have rights over fetuses that interfere with a woman 's freedom of choice and movement in this way . Once the child is born , the law can accord equal rights to fathers and mothers . Before birth , it just can not .
I recognize the pathos and irony here in turning fathers away . To resolve the dispute between Plotnick and DeLuccia , Mohammed turned to New Jersey 's parentage act , which he pointed out was designed “ to help families deal with the problems posed by fathers who seek to avoid paying child support. ” In other words , deadbeat dads . Steven Plotnick has been anything but that , and with any luck his child 's life—and maybe DeLuccia 's , too—will be the better for it . But the impulse to want what 's best for his child could have led Plotnick to give DeLuccia her space rather than ( figuratively ) pounding on her delivery room door . As Mohammed pointed out , New Jersey and federal law also protect DeLuccia 's privacy rights as a patient . And he rightly notes that dealing with Plotnick 's uninvited presence could “ add to an already stressful situation ” in a way that “ could endanger both the mother and the fetus. ” Surely Plotnick would agree that the baby 's health is paramount here .
Plotnick 's lawyer now says that her client “ never asked to be in the delivery room , only to be able to see the baby at the hospital as soon as possible after the birth , ” according to the Newark Star-Ledger . If that 's all Plotnick had asked for in court , I 'd sympathize . Though then it would be hard to see what he had to sue over , since DeLuccia said she would put him on the visitor 's list . Maybe he thought he could n't get that concession without the suit . Or maybe he just got carried away in a tide of paternal desires . But being a good father when your child is still in utero means thinking about his or her mother 's well-being , too . When men can have babies , then they can decide who comes into the delivery room . Until then , the limits of biology limit their rights .
China has lodged a protest with the `` relevant US side '' on Saturday after President-elect Donald Trump spoke by phone with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen , China 's Foreign Ministry said .
The ministry urged Trump to uphold the `` one China '' principle , adding that the US should carefully handle the Taiwan issue to avoid a disturbance in Sino-US ties . The wording of the statement implies that the protest went to the Trump camp , but the ministry did not provide further information .
Trump 's phone call with Tsai on Friday is what is believed to be the first such contact from the US government since 1979 .
Trump 's transition team released a statement saying the two noted `` close economic , political and security ties exist between Taiwan and the United States . '' Trump claimed on Twitter that Taiwan initiated the telephone call .
Hours after the call , China 's foreign minister , Wang Yi , expressed the hope that relations with the US would n't be `` interfered with or damaged '' as a result of the call . He also described it as a `` petty action '' by Taiwan .
`` This is just the Taiwan side engaging in a petty action , and can not change the 'one China ' structure already formed by the international community , '' Wang said .
On Saturday , Taiwan asked for China to view the call `` calmly . ''
`` We call on China to face the new situation in the Asia-Pacific region and work with us towards developing a benign cross-strait relationship and create a new way that will benefit the development of peace , prosperity and stability for the region , '' Taiwan 's policy making body on China , the Mainland Affairs Council , said in a statement .
The United States cut off relations with Taiwan after then-US President Jimmy Carter formally recognized Beijing as the sole government of China in 1978 and adopted the `` One China '' policy in 1979 . The US embassy shut its doors in Taipei in 1979 .
China considers Taiwan a breakaway region and opposes any official contacts with the Taiwanese government .
Official reactions
Ned Price , spokesman for the White House National Security Council , said the conversation will not result in any changes to the long-standing US policy on `` cross-strait '' issues . `` We remain firmly committed to our 'One China ' policy , '' said Price .
A statement released by the Taiwanese government Saturday said Tsai took the call with National Security Council leader Joseph Wu and Foreign Minister David Lee . The call touched on bilateral interactions and establishing closer cooperation . Tsai and Trump also discussed `` promoting domestic economic development and strengthening national defense so that citizens can enjoy better lives and security , '' according to the statement .
Modern US policy on Taiwan
During the election season , Trump advisors called for arms sales to Taiwan to counter China 's growing military strength , although he has yet to formulate exact policies concerning Taiwan .
Trump is set to assume office in January . Tsai has been president of Taiwan since May 20 . She vowed she `` will not bow '' to China on the issue of sovereignty .
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy , a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said on Twitter it is `` Trump 's right to shift policy , alliances , strategy . ''
But he later claimed the president-elect is signaling `` major pivots in foreign policy without any plan . ''
Talking with Duterte
Trump also spoke with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in what one Duterte aide dubbed a `` very engaging , animated '' phone call Friday . Both leaders invited each other to visit their respective countries in 2017 .
In a video released by Duterte aide Bong Go , the Philippines leader is seen smiling while talking to Trump . Trump 's transition team did not make an immediate comment on the conversation , and it was unclear whether Trump brought up Duterte 's tough policy on drug trafficking that has left thousands of people accused of selling and using drugs dead .
During the video , Duterte told Trump , `` We will maintain…and enhance the bilateral ties between our two countries . ''
The Philippines is an important ally to the United States in East Asia , although relations have soured since Duterte took office in June . Duterte called current US President a `` son of a whore '' and told him to `` go to hell '' if he visited the Philippines . Duterte also threatened to sever decades-long ties with the US and work with China .
Further talks with world leaders
Trump also called Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong .
The Trump transition team said Trump discussed with Ghani `` the grave terrorism threats facing both countries and pledged to work more closely together in order to meet these growing threats '' in a statement .
Trump spoke with Lee on `` the long history of good economic , political , and security relations between the United States and Singapore , '' according to the same statement .
rs , kbd/gsw ( AP , dpa , Reuters )
This tutorial is suitable from age 3. Credit : Donnie Ray Jones
Building Your First React.js App
The easiest way to get started with the popular Javascript library
Per Harald Borgen Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 23 , 2016
This article will take you through every step of building the simplest React app possible . Even simpler than a to-do list .
Note : If you prefer watching instead of reading I 've also created this tutorial as interactive Scrimba screencasts here .
In the screencasts we 'll be using ES6 as well !
Why so simple ? Because I 've found that when I 'm trying to learn a new technology , even the simplest features can add unnecessary complexity .
If you 've never tried React before , this tutorial is for you .
There are no pre-requisites other than basic Javascript and HTML skills . Though if you 'd like to read some basic theory before getting started with the coding , you can read the article below and then return .
Looking at the final project
To claim you 'll be building an app is actually an exaggeration . It 's only a profile page , as you can see below . ( The image is taken randomly from http : //lorempixel.com/ )
Step 1 : Splitting the page into components
React is built around components ; everything you see on the page is a part of a component . Before we start coding , it 's a good idea to create a sketch of the components , as we 've done above .
The main component — which wrap all other components — is marked in red . We 'll call this one App .
Once we 've figured out that App is our main component , we 'll need to ask ourselves : which direct children does App have ?
I 'd argue that the name and the profile image can be grouped into one component , which we 'll call Profile ( green rectangle ) , and the Hobbies section can be another component ( blue rectangle ) .
The structure of our components can also be visualized like this :
- App
- Profile
- Hobbies
We could split the component further ; like ProfileImage and HobbyItem , though we 'll stop here for the sake of simplicity .
Step 2 : Hello World
Before you begin coding , you 'll need to download the source file . It 's available at this GitHub repo . Simply copy or clone it and open the index.html file in the browser . ( The full code is available in the finished_project.html file . )
I 've setup the file properly , so you 'll see links to the React source and the other necessary libraries in the < head/ > section of the file . Your code will start at line 12 .
For a proper React project you would n't use this toy setup . But I do n't want this tutorial to be about anything else than coding in React , so we 'll keep it simple .
Let 's write our first component :
As you can see on the first line , we create a component be calling the createClass method on the React object .
We pass in one parameter , the so-called specification object . This object can have as many methods you want , though the most important one is the render method . In the render method , you 'll return what you want React to draw on the page . In our case , we simply want a div tag with the text “ Hello World ” .
Then follow up this :
This is how we specify where on the page we want the App component to be rendered . This is done by calling ReactDOM.render , passing in the App component as the first argument and a reference to a div with the id of content as the second . Our entire app will go into this content div .
This syntax might seem a bit weird : we 're taking a Javascript variable ( App ) and turn it into what looks like an HTML/XML tag . This is called JSX . Read more about JSX in the React.js in 8 minutes article .
Refresh the page and you 'll see ‘ Hello World ' printed out on the screen .
Step 3 : More components
Let 's add some more components . Looking back at our component overview , we see that the App component has got two children called Profile and Hobbies .
Let 's write out these two components . We 'll begin with Profile :
There is actually nothing new here . Just a bit more content i the return statement than it was in App .
Let 's write the Hobbies component :
If you refresh the page again though , you wo n't see any of these components .
This is because only the App component has been rendered into the DOM .
We 'll need to modify the App component in order to actually turn Profile and Hobbies into App 's children .
This is what we 'll need to do :
If you refresh the page again you 'll see that all the content appears on the page . ( Though the image wont appear , as we 've only added a dummy link to it ) .
Step 4 : Get the data
Now that we have the basic structure setup , we 're ready to add the correct data to our project .
React has something called a one directional data flow , meaning that the data is passed down from parent to child components .
Above all the components , paste in the following code :
var DATA = {
name : 'John Smith ' ,
imgURL : 'http : //lorempixel.com/200/200/ ' ,
hobbyList : [ 'coding ' , 'writing ' , 'skiing ' ]
}
You can imagine this data being fetched from an API of something .
The next thing you 'll need to do is add this data to the App components as its props .
Data in React is either handled as props or state . We 're only going to care about props in this tutorial . In general , props is immutable and can be shared across components , while state is mutable and private . This is better explained in this article .
Below , you 'll see how you pass the data into the App component , by simply changing a little bit on the ReactDOM.render method . It 's similar to how you 'd add attributes in normal HTML .
The curly bracket tells React that we 're escaping out of the JSX syntax in order to add a Javascript expression ( DATA ) .
Now we 're able to access this data from within the App component through this.props.profileData . However , the App component is simply a wrapper around the Profile and Hobbies components , so we 're going to send the data further down the hierarchy , using the same technique as described above .
This is how we pass the data from App to its children :
We 're passing down the profileImage and name to the Profile component , while only the hobbyList array down to the Hobbies component . This is because the Hobbies component does n't need the rest of the data ; it 's simply going to display a list of hobbies .
Let 's look at how we 'll need to rewrite the Profile component order to use the data we 've passed down to it :
We simply escape out of the JSX syntax by curly brackets and fetch the data from this.props .
In the Hobbies component we 'll need to use a technique for looping through the of hobbies .
As you can see , we 're looping through the hobbies array stored in this.props.hobbies . We 're using the array prototype method map , which creates a new array based on whatever we return within the callback function .
Notice that we 're creating a key attribute , and giving it the value index . This has to be a unique key for each element , as React needs it to properly keep track of the elements we created dynamically . However , do n't use the index if the mapped results might change , as it 'll be prone to bugs . It 'll work fine in this scenario though , so we 'll use it for the sake of simplicity .
Once we 've stored all the list elements in the hobbies variable , we simply add it to the return statement , so it 'll be rendered out on the screen .
This is the full code :
Congrats , you 've just built your first React.js project !
And be sure to follow me here on Medium if you liked this article !
Heroes of Might & Magic II
North American release in December 2000
Never released in Japan
Published by 3D0
Developed by KnowWonder
As vaguely medieval as possible .
Not Much Better
Websites like Giant Bomb who try to make exhaustive lists of all video games ever released often unwillingly forget portable systems . A great example of that attitude with portable games is the Heroes of Might & Magic series on Game Boy Color . I discussed the first game before and on Giant Bomb they agglomerate the GBC version with the original computer release . If you read my article about the first game , you 'll immediately realize that the Game Boy game is nothing like the PC original . It 's a very different , much crappier game . With the second game , Heroes of Might & Magic II , Giant Bomb does n't even list it and Wikipedia does not give it its own article .
It 's as if those two Heroes game do n't really exist to Giant Bomb . There is this attitude that if both games share the same name , then they might as well be the same thing , just on a different console . There is no respect for the hard work of bringing a game to a wholly different system ; no appreciation for the complex job of remaking a game for a different architecture . I am being harsh on Giant Bomb ; it is after all a website built mostly by volunteers . Data from a website built by volunteers gets aggregated with time and it 's normal that information about a forgotten version of a PC game is scarce . But community-built websites like Giant Bomb and Wikipedia show the lack of interest given to the Game Boy and Game Boy Color . Most volunteers will concentrate on the games that are popular and true investigations into the depths of history are few and far between . That 's what I 'm here for .
What the depths teach us in the case of Heroes of Might & Magic II is fascinating : all the stars aligned to turn what was probably meant to be a second printing of Heroes of Might & Magic into a numbered sequel that looks like an expansion pack ( or in today 's parlance , DLC ) . What are those stars that aligned ? First , they made a crappy game that needed a lot of improvements . Second , the Game Boy Color was ubiquitous . So many people of different tastes owned a Game Boy Color that you could do many weird things on the system and still hope to turn a profit , like a sequel to a barely interesting dumbed down adaptation . Third , it was also important that it was very cheap and easy to program for it . You did n't need a large team of developers and you did n't need to invest in expensive hardware to make and ship something ; those were powerful stars indeed .
Heroes of Might & Magic II 's mere existence as a capitalist enterprise makes it essential : It 's total crap but it 's interesting crap that warrants some attention .
Glitch Fest
Heroes of Might & Magic II is a textbook example of a lost opportunity . They improved on absolutely none of the big problems of the first game on Game Boy Color .
The first game had many inexcusable sins : no multiplayer ( even just hot seat ) and no campaign of any kind . But first , it had weird glitches that stopped progress .
The hydra glitch that looped the units ' animation from the first game is gone ; hydras have a new animation that never gets stuck in an endless loop that forces a hard reset . I 'm sure to solve the bug the developers took the easy way out and instead of hunting for the bug in the previous animation they just coded a brand new one . While that bug is gone from the sequel there is a new bug so insidious , it will blow your mind . A bug that will force you to delete your save game and start from scratch if you encounter it . You might think you can still continue your save by resetting if the bug appears but you can not . You just can not . What is this vile bug ? Seemingly at random a creature stack from a hero on the map gets replaced with what I 've termed a glitch demon , an abomination of improperly referenced sprite table with the strongest stats of the game by far . You can look it up online to see videos of the glitch demons in action . They 're so strong as to be unbeatable because they usually appear in a stack of 99 units , meaning the enemy AI suddenly has nearly invincible units in an unrealistic number . You could buy dragons to try and beat them but on a good game you buy a maximum of 6 or 7 dragons . You just can not hope to beat 99 glitch demons . Nothing to say of the fact that the screen gets all loopy and you have to guess at what 's happening . So you 're screwed and from what I 've gathered so are your saved games : it seems the glitch demons replace units at random when you first load the map so you could have been playing for hours on your map with unbeatable glitch demons waiting in the shadows just bidding their time and spoiling your future progress . They 're waiting for you to explore the map and find them . Waiting for you to have to restart from the beginning of the campaign if you were n't careful with the way you saved your game .
I encountered the glitch demons on the sixth or seventh map of the campaign and I just completely stopped playing the game . They 're that infuriating . I mean the campaign is nothing to write home about but the glitch is the main reason why I abandoned the game . Sure , the glitch demons could replace one of your units but it 's not gon na be fun either . You 'll just steamroll the whole map , having to do nothing but walk to your enemies ' fortresses and sneeze in their general direction . When a game is legitimately great , cheating can be fun . Some of my most cherished memories involve cheating at Sim City on Super Nintendo , cheating at Duke Nukem 3D , cheating at Worms Armaggedon . But what do all those games have in common ? They 're wonderful games . When you cheat at a game like Heroes of Might & Magic 2 , anything that might be fun is sucked out of the game . The whole house of cards falls down if the glitch demons get invited to the party .
This is pure madness but it 's interesting . When you think of Nintendo you think of an obsession for details , you think of a managed experience . You think of the Nintendo Seal of Quality . All the bugs plaguing both Heroes of Might & Magic games show that the Game Boy Color in its last two years was not getting a lot of intense scrutiny . Nintendo held a monopoly on portable systems so did not have to fear its reputation on buggy games . At the same time , small game developers and publishers were shielded from intense scrutiny of their products by lax reviews .
An Aside on Game Reviews
I feel like I need to talk about contemporary game reviews because I 've just mentioned them . For example , here is a quote on the difficulty of Heroes of Might & Magic II from gamevortex.com , an old website that covered GBC back in 2000 :
Strategy games are beautiful in how they flex to accommodate different players ' gaming styles . Some folks are hoarders , and build up resources until they 're bursting at the seams with a huge army , while others send out skirmish groups whenever they get a chance , and eat away at an enemy bit by-bit . Either style is fine , although the varied scenarios will require that you learn different styles to defeat certain enemies or overcome superior odds . The real difficulty is in mastering the interface and being able to think strategically . Heroes II is not like many other games on GBC , and while some people may see it as close to an RPG , there 's way more to think about and manage . So , come with your thinking cap on , and you 'll have a blast .
This is a big reason why I do Game Boy Essentials . People talk about Game Boy games having barely played them . It is impossible to have played this game for more than two hours without realizing the AI is completely absent and there is no real challenge to speak of . I searched and I have found no one who talks about the simplicity of the AI . In a sense it 's OK . I mean , how much money was the person who wrote that review paid ? Not enough to spend a lot of time with the game . It 's totally understandable , Game Boy Color never seemed to attract a lot of attention . But even regular people reviewing their own copies of the game on Amazon could n't be bothered . I 'm totally baffled . How can people not pick up on the absence of an AI challenge ! That 's why I 'm doing this : I 'm legitimately talking about things people have never properly put down on paper before .
That 's why Heroes of Might & Magic II is essential : it shows us by its mere existence what the Game Boy Color culture was in its last few years . Quickly coded games with inexcusable bugs , hastily written reviews , small printing runs somehow being profitable and games more complicated than they ought to be for the puny Game Boy Color . I lived Game Boy Color in 2000 and writing this article about Heroes of Might & Magic II , a game I never owned at the time , mind you , this whole world surrounding the Game Boy Color came flooding back . It was n't all bad though . We will talk later about magnificent titles released in 2000 around the same time as the two Heroes of Might & Magic games .
Commerce
Finally , the last reason why I believe this game is essential : I think Heroes of Might & Magic II was never conceived as a proper sequel . If it ever were , I think the game would have tried to include the last Heroes of Might & Magic II concept absent from the first title . That second PC Heroes game is where the series first allowed you to upgrade units , giving them greater power and new abilities . It quickly became a central idea of the series . On Game Boy , both games include most of the improved systems from the second game ( the factions , the spells , the Hero abilities ) but not upgradeable units . It 's a shame because it was one of my favourite things to do on the PC ; upgrading an army to give it an edge was a fun thing to do . There are many reasons why the Game Boy Color games would not feature upgradeable units . Perhaps the screen 's resolution was so small they could not convincingly differentiate the sprites ? Maybe the space on the cartridge they had chosen was too limited to basically double the number of unit types ? Whatever the reason it probably was n't insurmountable but it would have required a lot of reprogramming or maybe moving to a more expensive cartridge board . Which they did n't do because the game was not a proper sequel .
The game looks more like a 90s PC expansion incorrectly identified as a second game . Why ? Game Boy game development was not some magical land of wish fulfillment . Instead , it was made of negotiations and weird dealings with retailers who wished to have a product they could sell quickly . In the case of the first Heroes game , it seemed to have sold reasonably well ( it 's cheap on eBay , it 's not seen as rare by collectors , many people talk about having owned it ) . So some retailers probably wanted more of it . At this point I 'm speculating but I ca n't see a different interpretation . The developers probably quickly worked on solving some of the problems of the first title like adding in a campaign mode and squishing the most egregious bugs , causing even worse bugs while doing so . They then released the sequel in limited quantities thus fulfilling the retailer demand for more Heroes of Might & Magic copies . It was probably cost-effective for them to develop a new game rather than repackaging the old one . I do n't see how they could have planned this as a full-blown sequel when the first game came out in April and this game came out in December of the same year .
In Conclusion , It 's Worthless Because There 's No Multiplayer Again
I have to repeat myself but one way the developers could have completely redeemed all the problems of the game is if they had included hot-seat multiplayer . Hot-seat means you pass the system to the next player once you 're done . Heroes of Might & Magic being a turn-based game , this would have completely changed the optics on the game . Imagine kids in the back of a car with one Game Boy Color and this game . It would have been perfect , even in spite of the bugs ! It should have been relatively easy to implement too , without needing to write complicated link cable code . I can not understand why they never did it . It 's mind-boggling , like the rest of this game .
D.C. to dig deeper on test score irregularities
The acting head of Washington , D.C. 's public schools requested Tuesday that the district 's inspector general review investigations of eight schools that were flagged in 2009 for irregularities in their standardized tests .
Acting Chancellor Kaya Henderson requested the review after an investigation published by USA TODAY showed more than half of D.C. schools were cited since 2008 for having unusually high `` erasure rates , '' which signify wrong answers changed to right ones on tests .
`` The integrity of test scores is perhaps more important to us than any other district because we use the test scores in important ways — evaluation , compensation , '' Henderson said in a statement . `` We have no interest in basing these important decisions on information that has anything less than the utmost integrity . ''
Henderson also released excerpts of the 2009 investigation of erasure rates that `` did not find evidence that any misbehavior occurred . ''
Since 2008 , D.C. Public Schools posted dramatic increases in test scores that earned former chancellor Michelle Rhee and the school system national recognition .
Rhee told The Indianapolis Star editorial board on Tuesday that the outside investigation was `` full and comprehensive '' and `` went well beyond the call of duty . ''
`` I do n't know that there is much more that the district can do than that , '' Rhee said . `` If there is , I certainly would be open to hearing that . ''
But the head of the firm brought in to run the inquiry continues to maintain his team could have gone further but was not asked to .
John Fremer , an executive with Caveon Test Security , told USA TODAY this month that `` D.C. schools thought they had enough information for what they wanted us to investigate . ''
`` We would love to do ( more data analysis ) , '' Fremer said then . `` They probably wo n't decide to go deeper . But we 'll tell them we can go deeper . ''
Washington Teachers ' Union President Nathan Saunders says a full-blown investigation is needed , with subpoena powers to question educators and obtain documents related to testing irregularities .
Brent Jones . For publication consideration in the newspaper , send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ 's . To report corrections and clarifications , contact Standards Editor . For publication consideration in the newspaper , send comments to letters @ usatoday.com . Include name , phone number , city and state for verification . To view our corrections , go to corrections.usatoday.com
Jim Morrison would have been 67 this year , but that presumes that if he had n't died of a drug overdose in 71 , he would n't have died of a drug overdose in '72 . Perhaps it 's safe to say Jim Morrison would have been 67 this year if he had n't been Jim Morrison . Anyway , the long story of his indecent exposure conviction is now over . Justice has been done . Yawn :
The Doors singer Jim Morrison will get a posthumous pardon for an indecent exposure conviction in Florida . Charlie Crist , the state 's governor , got a commitment for enough votes from other members of the state 's Board of Executive Clemency to approve it . Morrison was appealing the conviction when he was found dead in a Paris bathtub in 1971 . The did-he-or-didn't-he debate over what happened at the Miami concert was revived by Crist 's interest in the case . The surviving band members say a drunken Morrison teased the crowd , but never exposed himself . `` It never actually happened . It was mass hypnosis , '' said Ray Manzarek , The Doors ' keyboard player.Manzarek and guitarist Robby Krieger said Morrison 's behavior was influenced by an acting troupe that disrobed during plays . `` He was just doing a mind trip — as they would say — a mind trip on the audience and they totally fell for it , '' Manzarek said .
The “ mind trip , ” as they would say , seems to have worked :
> There are fans who still swear Morrison exposed himself . `` He actually unzipped and pulled his pants down a little bit , enough where you can see everything . I do remember being shocked when that happened , and definitely it happened , '' said Lee Winer , 56 , who now lives north of San Francisco . `` I can still picture it like it was yesterday . '' Others disagree . Helene Davis of Miami said she was an 18-year-old in the front row of the concert with a friend . She said Morrison teased the crowd by pretending he was going to unzip his pants , but never actually exposed himself . `` We were watching and waiting because it was obvious that 's where he was going with it , '' Davis said . `` I just remembered thinking , 'Yes , it 's going to happen ! It 's going happen ! It 's going to happen ! ' And it never did . ''
Now Jim can rest easy . Providing he 's actually dead , he did n't fake it all so he could run away from the pressures of fame and work on his poetry . Do n't think that 's true . Towards the end he was so intoxicated he had trouble leaving the apartment , let alone his previous identity .
The local bookstore ( an independent ) hosts both a Steampunk book group and a Democracy and Dissent book group . The Food Conspiracy Co-op , way more crunchy than any Whole Foods could ever hope to be , carries gray toothpaste in little jars and shampoo that 's formulated for dreadlocks . There 's a guy at the Saturday Farmers ' Market who roasts his own coffee - he learned from the founder of Peet 's . And the local bike shop , Bicycle Inter-community Art & Salvage , shuts down every Monday for Women , Transgender and Femme workshop day .
Portland ? Or perhaps , `` Portlandia '' ?
Nope , Tucson . Yes , that Tucson .
This smallish southwestern town , better known as a jumping-off point for the Saguaro National Park , has turned into a surprisingly hip little burg . A kind of Portland without the rain . A Mission District without the attitude ( and without the long lines for restaurants ) .
Partly it 's the influence of the University of Arizona campus , which hovers on the edge of downtown . Partly , it 's Tucson 's low cost of living , which has tempted more than a few artist types into moving into its colorful adobe neighborhoods . Whatever the reason , Tucson as a destination gives you all of the cool for less of the cash .
Take the Hotel Congress . The Congress is n't for you if you want quiet ( the first clue is the package of earplugs on the side of your sink ) , or consistent water temperature in your shower . But your room will have a rotary telephone that connects to a working switchboard in the lobby . And there will always be some kind of party going on , either in the retro-hip lobby bar , or out under the umbrellas on the street-side patio , or inside the raucous Club Congress ( especially inside the Club Congress ) .
The pale brick Hotel Congress was opened in 1919 ( bank robber John Dillinger was almost captured in room 214 ) , and the vibe is Bonnie & Clyde meets Kurt & Courtney , with a little southwestern spice thrown in . Rooms have a 1930s period feel - old-timey radios , antique bedsteads ( which are a tad short for those over 6 feet ) - mixed up with framed posters advertising the Meat Puppets last appearance downstairs at Club Congress .
There 's no room service at the Congress , but the excellent Cup Cafe ( more of a bistro than a cafe ) , off the lobby , is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner . And its `` when worlds collide '' atmosphere pretty much sums up the place . During my first breakfast , I watched the fresh-faced hostess seat a sprawling Native American family - from high chair-requiring toddler to white-haired grandma - next to a display of revolving pies and below a framed aphorism reading , `` Sterilization is the weapon of the rulers , '' all while the speakers were blaring the Talking Heads ' `` Psycho Killer . ''
Within walking distance of the Congress is the Fourth Avenue shopping district - a favorite among U of A student , and anyone else with a fashion sense more evolved than Banana Republic . Tucson Thrift has clearly been curated for Greek house-theme parties . Racks are labeled '70s Skirts and Indian Blouses , but some of these items are so stylish , you do n't need an invitation to a beer-soaked event to buy them .
Fourth Avenue is where you 'll find Desert Vintage , one of the best ( and most reasonably priced ) vintage shops I 've ever seen , as well as Antigone Books , the independent that hosts the Steampunk book group ( second Sunday of the month ) , as well as author readings . If you missed 1973 the first time around , stop into Hippie Gypsy . The smell ( a mix of sandalwood and patchouli ) , the music ( the Doors ) , the merchandise ( bongs , long skirts made out of cheap Indian print cotton ) - nothing has changed .
The Food Conspiracy Co-op , also on Fourth Avenue , is worth a stop . It makes Whole Foods look like 7-Eleven .
Because looking at art - especially photography - is always cool , wander over to the University of Arizona campus and stop into the school 's Center for Creative Photography . The center owns the majority of Ansel Adams ' negatives , plus work by W. Eugene Smith ( I saw an amazing exhibit of photographs he 'd shot from the window of his NYC loft ) , Paul Strand and Edward Weston .
On the first Friday of every month , the center lets you get up close and personal with unframed , archive photographs - some quite famous - curated around a particular theme . And it 's all free .
Many of the artists who have moved to Tucson live in Dunbar/Spring , a quiet neighborhood of brightly painted adobe houses . This neighborhood is all about the street art , and the residents have turned most of the intersections into mini roundabouts and filled them with quirky sculptures . On 9th Avenue near university , there 's a mural that stretches for nearly a block , filled with Day of the Dead clowns and Dr. Seussian birds .
The Dunbar/Spring Community Garden , at University and 11th streets , has a gate made from re-purposed bike pedals and a sundial made from a gear wheel . All the planting beds are named for birds - house finch , white-winged dove - and you 're welcome to go in and wander as long as you close the gate .
The best way to explore Dunbar/Spring ( named for two prominent Arizonans , African American poet Paul Laurence Dunbar , and the state 's first - in 1872 - bilingual public-school teacher , John Spring ) is by bike . Actually bike is a good way to explore all of Tucson , if it 's not scorchingly hot . The city is flat and filled with bike lanes .
You can get a bike for $ 8/day ( $ 40/week ) at Bicycle Inter-Community Art & Salvage , better known around Tucson as Bicas . These guys have the best politics and the least attitude of any bike shop I have ever been in . They recycle everything they can from every bike they get . And if they ca n't use it on a bike , they turn it into art .
They contributed most of the pieces that make up the Bike Church , a building-size memorial made entirely from white-painted bike parts and stained glass that sits like the skeleton of a church at the side of St. Mary 's road . Bicas offers Build-a-Bike classes , Bike Maintenance Workshops and Earn-a-Bike programs for people who ca n't afford to buy one .
There are no shops or restaurants ( save for the Tasteful Kitchen , a raw food vegetarian place that 's only open for dinner ) in Dunbar/Spring , so if you want lunch , best to head to neighboring Barrio Anita and Anita 's Street Market . This Mexican market inside a house is where locals line up for still-warm tortillas ( I watched a woman rapturously clutch her bag to her nose ) and fresh-made burritos .
You can get your food to go or pull up a plastic chair under the green awning in the side yard . Yeah , it 's not fancy . It 's like sitting in somebody 's backyard and having their Mexican mom make you lunch . How cool is that ?
The Saturday Farmers ' Market takes place right across the street from the Hotel Congress . Different things grow in the desert , so you never know what you 'll find . The morning I went , a group of U of A agriculture student under a Wildcats awning were selling tomatoes in February , a gray-haired couple with leathery skin were offering bottles of dried chaplet chili flakes , and I got to meet the owner of Rocket coffee , a Bay Area transplant who 'd learned his roasting technique from the venerable Peet 's , before it became a chain .
I grabbed a Rocket coffee and Southwest-style tamale ( and unlike when I go to the Farmers Market at the Ferry Building , I did n't wait in line for either of them ) and took them to the back of the market where I could sit in the sun and watch the trains go by .
As I sat there , I am quite certain that if Fred and Carrie had been over on the other bench , debating whether to pick up a potted cactus from the market or head over to the Food Conspiracy for vegan cat food , I would n't have raised an eyebrow .
If you go Getting there Direct flights from the Bay Area to Tucson can be expensive and infrequent . Instead , fly into Phoenix and take a shuttle from the Phoenix airport , or rent a car and do the two-hour drive yourself . ( Though you might not need a car in Tucson ; by fall , Tucson should have a streetcar that will run right past the Hotel Congress and connect you to nearly all of the sights mentioned in this story . ) Where to stay Hotel Congress : 311 E. Congress St. ( 800 ) 722-8848. hotelcongress.com . If you do n't mind noise ( those earplugs only do so much ) and you 're not attached to the idea of strong water pressure ( or a TV ) , this is the place . It 's got hipness and charm to spare , you 're right in the middle of the action and it 's not expensive . Rooms range between $ 89- $ 149 per night , depending on size and season . Tucson Marriott University Park : 880 East 2nd St. ( 888 ) 236-2427. marriotttucson.com . More conventional hotel , practically on the U of A campus . Rooms begin at $ 209 . Where to eat Cup Cafe : 311 E Congress St. ( 520 ) 798-1618. hotelcongress.com . Open 7 days a week , 365 days a year . Lunch entrees average $ 11 . Dinner $ 17 . The B Line : 621 N Fourth Ave. ( 520 ) 882-7575. blinerestaurant.com . Open 7 days . Good stop when shopping Fourth Avenue ; the menu is a mix of Southwestern-style Mexican and Italian . Nothing over $ 10 . The Hub : 266 E Congress St. ( 520 ) 207-8201 . Cool restaurant within walking distance of the Congress serves Southwestern comfort food till late - really late . Maynard 's Market & Kitchen : 400 N. Toole Ave. ( 520 ) 545-0577. maynardsmarket.com . More of a date restaurant , fancy but not fussy , and locally sourced when they can . Entrees hover around $ 25 . Cafe Poca Cosa : 110 E Pennington St. ( 520 ) 622-6400 . Sleekly stylish restaurant ( chicken mole made with Godiva chocolate ) does n't print menus , it writes its offerings on a chalkboard because they change twice a day . All the entrees are one price , depending on when you go . It was $ 22.95 the night I went . What to do Club Congress : ( Inside the Hotel Congress . ) Named `` one of the 10 best rock clubs in the country . '' For listings and tickets : www.hotelcongress.com/calendar/category/music . Shopping Fourth Avenue : www.fourthavenue.org . Center for Creative Photography : 1030 N. Olive Road . ( 520 ) 621-9489. creativephotography.org . Open weekdays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. , weekends 1 to 4 p.m. Free . Dunbar/Spring neighborhood : dunbarspring.org . Bicas ( Bicycle Inter-Community Art & Salvage ) : 44 W. Sixth St. ( 520 ) 628-7950. bicas.org . The address might say W. Sixth Street , buy you will never find it that way . It 's actually tucked down Ash Street , an alley off Sixth . Closed Monday . Anita 's Street Market : 849 N Anita Ave. , ( 520 ) 882-5280 . Open Monday through Saturday till 5 pm . Closed Sunday . Saturday Farmers ' Market : 400 N Toole Ave. , outside Maynard 's Market . 8 a.m. until noon .
Author Janis Cooke Newman lives in San Francisco . E-mail : travel @ sfchronicle.com
First Openly Gay Navy Seal to Speak at AMPA Gala
Though he was forced out of the closet , Brett Jones has an impressive history in the U.S. military and remains an icon for LGBT service men and women .
Growing up in a military family , Brett Jones spent his formative years amongst the Pyramids , the Iron Curtain , and the Korean demilitarized zone . He followed his family 's lead and became a Navy SEAL and served for almost 10 years . After being forced out of the closet and an honorable discharge in 2003 , Jones became a security contractor .
This year , Jones will be speaking at the American Military Partner Association 's second annual National Gala in May . AMPA is the nation 's largest organization for the partners , spouses , and families of the country 's LGBT service members .
“ Bret Jones is an American hero whose bravery and sacrifice inspires us in our work to advance fairness and quality for our nation 's LGBT service members , veterans , and their families , ” said AMPA President Ashley Broadway-Mack in a statement . “ His story is no doubt a tremendous help to many young LGBT service members who may be struggling with who they are , and it is a true testament to the strenght that diversity brings to our nation 's Armed Forces . ”
This year 's AMPA National Gala will be on Saturday , May 9 , at the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C .
Watch a clip of Brett Jones discuss what happened below :
Acas has struggled to resolve its own workplace dispute
Members of the Public and Commercial Services union ( PCS ) voted by almost two to one for a rolling programme of one-hour strikes .
Union members say the service failed to make a pay offer last year .
Publicly-funded Acas works to resolve workplace disputes . Unions warn that failure to resolve its own workplace dispute could embarrass the government .
`` The failure of any pay offer and the lack of substantive negotiations have forced the very people who resolve industrial disputes into voting for strike action themselves , '' said general secretary Mark Serwotka .
`` The government can avoid embarrassing and damaging strike action in Acas and elsewhere in the civil service by addressing low pay and paying a fair wage . ''
On its website , Acas says it `` aims to improve organisations and working life through better employment relations '' .
Once out of power , the Congress now wants complete ban on liquor in Uttarakhand . Considering the widespread protest by women against relocated liquor shop in the hill state , the party has possibly decided to take some political advantage .
Senior Congress leader and leader of the opposition Indira Hridayesh said , “ After assuming power the BJP has failed to tackle the relocation of liquor shop problem . Even changing the state highway into district highway has not helped . When Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured all BJP ruled states that they will not face any financial problem and central government will provide them all the help . The Uttarakhand government should put a ban on liquor in the hill state . ”
The earlier Harish Rawat government had to face problem due to their liquor policy . One of the bureaucrats and close aide of Harish Rawat featured in a tv sting operation- showing some fishy deal taking place between liquor mafia and state government representative . Congress had to face the burn of Harish Rawat government promoting a particular liquor brand during state assembly elections . For establishing the monopoly of a particular brand , many popular brands were forced to go out of circulation in Uttarakhand . The process adopted by Harish Rawat government created anger among consumers .
In the changed political scenario , Congress is asking for putting complete ban on liquor in Uttarakhand . BJP is struggling to relocate the liquor shops after the Supreme Court order to move them 500/250 mts away from the national highway . Following in the footmarks of Maharashtra , Himachal , Rajasthan and other state government , the Trivendra Rawat government denotified 64 state highway roads . Citing facing practical problem in the maintenance , development and expansion of the state highway , the change was made . But , the protest of hill women against relocated liquor shop has failed to end .
After women protest taking place in different parts of the state , Chief Minister Trivendra Rawat claimed that they will develop other revenue sources to reduce their dependence on mining and liquor .
Even ex-Chief Minister Harish Rawat has started mocking BJP for its liquor policy . Making a sharp comment Harish said , “ When Congress was in power there was big corruption in liquor business . Now BJP is in power , the brand and suppliers remains the same . The BJP is working hard to safeguard the liquor businessmen . What a miracle ! ”
Alcoholism remains a big problem in the hill . Despite this both BJP and Congress have never taken any serious effort to address the problem . For every government liquor is a source of revenue . It is a general practice adopted by political party , that is out of power , starts preaching lesson of morality . The same appears the case of Congress .
Ben Davies has made 71 Premier League appearances for Swansea City
Swansea City full-back Ben Davies has left the club 's pre-season tour of the United States early to have a medical at Tottenham .
Spurs midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , 24 , could move to the Liberty Stadium as part of a proposed swap deal .
The London club is also believed to be interested in Swansea 's Netherlands international goalkeeper Michel Vorm .
Vorm , 30 , was part of the Dutch squad that finished third at the World Cup in Brazil earlier this month .
His future has looked in doubt at the Welsh club ever since manager Garry Monk made former Arsenal keeper Lukasz Fabianski his first signing in May .
Ben Davies Factfile Born : 24 April , 1993 Educated : Ysgol Gyfun Ystalyfera Swans debut : v West Ham , 25 August , 2012 Wales debut : v Scotland , 12 October , 2012
New Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino looks to have fought off stiff competition for Davies , 21 , who also attracted attention from Liverpool .
Davies , made his debut for the Swans as a 19-year-old in August 2012 and quickly established himself as first-choice left-back when Neil Taylor suffered a long-term injury .
His performances impressed Wales manager Chris Coleman , who handed the Neath-born player an international debut in the 2-1 win over Scotland in October 2012 .
Despite speculation surrounding his future at the Liberty Stadium , Davies travelled with the squad for their American pre-season training camp .
On Wednesday , he played 45 minutes in the club 's 1-1 draw with Chivas Guadalajara in Milwaukee .
He did not feature in Saturday 's 2-0 defeat against Minnesota United and left the camp following Tottenham 's interest .
If Sigurdsson does leave White Hart Lane as part of the deal , he will be returning to familiar surroundings .
The 24-year-old was on loan at the Liberty Stadium in 2011-12 from German club Hoffenheim , scoring seven goals in 18 appearances for the Premier League club .
Last week , Cardinal Rigali of the Philadelphia Archdiocese announced that two retired priests were being put on `` administrative leave . '' That means that child sex abuse victims had made allegations against them . It is a simple fact that abusers abuse well into their elderly years , so these two men could still be a risk to children .
That brings the number of priests in Philadelphia with allegations against them to twenty-eight . Two were indicted following the 2011 Grand Jury Report , three were named in the Report , twenty-one were suspended in the wake of the report , and now two more .
That is all news , but the monumental indifference of Cardinal Rigali persists . The twenty-three most recently suspended were not named by the Archdiocese , for reasons only their lawyers can understand .
We eventually learned the identities of the twenty-one suspended active duty priests , no thanks to the Archdiocese . Reporters had to compare previous and current Archdiocese web pages to deduce who they were , and then they had to verify those deductions according to which parishes were notified about the removals .
The most recent two were retired , though , and , therefore , no such comparison could be done because non-active priests are not listed on the website . Some have guessed that one is Fr . Givey . No one outside the Archdiocese knows who the other retired priest is . So now in Philadelphia , we have yet another priest who has allegations of child sex abuse against him , and the people have no idea who it is . Speaking solely as a mother here , if you let your child alone with a priest in Philadelphia , shame on you . And victims will tell you that the more charming he is , the more you need to fear .
The basic problem here is that the Philadelphia Archdiocese can not work itself out of its urge to protect priests before children . Irish Archbishop Diarmuid Martin , speaking at Marquette University this week , urged American bishops to change their ways . He said : `` The truth will set us free . '' No one understands this fact better than the Irish bishops , who have seen their Church all but shrivel away in Ireland in the wake of the abuse crisis there . Good lesson for Philadelphia , where pettiness continues to dominate transparency .
In a moral universe , Philly 's suspended priests would have been delivered up to prosecutors the minute there was an inkling that children were at risk . And the message would have come from many of the adults in these children 's lives , from teachers to priests to principals . Priests living in rectories with abusers would have spoken to their local policemen about the kids coming to their fellow priests ' rooms , and about the summers at the Shore in Religious Order homes where kids visited certain priests in their rooms . And when news trickled to the Cardinal , whether it was Krol , Bevilacqua , or Rigali , he would have personally called the police to urge them to investigate .
For those who are resting more easily at night now that the Archdiocese has removed nearly thirty priests from active ministry , wake up . Last week , in Madison , Wisconsin , a priest was criminally charged with sexually assaulting a girl in 2003 and 2004 . Several years earlier , in 1999 , he had been removed from active ministry for taking sexual advantage of a woman who had sought him out for counseling .
Removal from active ministry does not protect our children . All it really does is give the priest more free time to commit more crimes .
do on a weekly basis – and the team could be seeking another wide receiver .
The Cardinals did sign running back Bronson Hill to the practice squad .
The Ellington release brings to a close a tenure that started so strong but faded with time . Ellington , a 2013 sixth-round draft pick , burst out as a rookie and played well in his first two seasons , gaining 1,312 yards rushing on 319 carries and adding another 85 receptions for 766 yards .
He was the starter going into 2015 , but got hurt in the opener . Chris Johnson stepped in to produce among the league 's leading rushers . When Chris Johnson got hurt later in the season , Ellington too was banged up , opening the door for then-rookie David Johnson .
He had a career-low 96 yards rushing in 2016 and became a free agent , but returned to the Cardinals on a one-year deal almost immediately . This season , Ellington had 53 yards rushing on 15 carries , scoring his lone touchdown against Seattle in what turned out to be his last game . Ellington also lost an important pass reception earlier in that game – it was later called an incompletion and not a fumble when he hit the ground without being touched .
Ellington remains the Cardinals ' second-leading receiver behind Larry Fitzgerald , with 33 catches this season for 297 yards . He had back-to-back nine-reception games earlier in the season , but his playing time had dwindled of late .
Taras
Offline
Activity : 1330
Merit : 1017
Please do not PM me loan requests !
LegendaryActivity : 1330Merit : 1017Please do not PM me loan requests ! Satoshi only spent 50 BTC . Here 's where those coins are now March 29 , 2014 , 06:48:27 PM
Last edit : March 29 , 2014 , 07:59:32 PM by Taras # 1 BTC 1,000,000 .
He has a distinct pattern of mining , and only one block that is confirmed to belong to satoshi has been spent .
Below is a representation of the 50 BTC from that one block -- block 9 -- as they were just after being mined .
I 've traced -- by hand -- where every single one of these coins have gone . See the chart below :
Green = Unspent , Gold = Spent Go packers
Now we 've all read that the first p2p transaction that occurred was satoshi sending Hal 10 BTC as a test .
You can see this transaction above . It 's the original 50 BTC splitting into 40 BTC and 10 BTC outputs .
He later sent 10 BTC to someone else , and then he sent 1 BTC to someone , and then he sent a total of 11 BTC to the same pseudonym ,
which in my chain archaeology thread is referred to as Bbz . Bbz mined block 360 , and then combined the coins from that block with the 11 he got from satoshi . Unfortunately , Bbz is no longer with us -- they vanished long before satoshi did . Maybe one day they 'll find their 61 BTC and return to us .
Satoshi still has 18 BTC from this block .
The 10 BTC Hal got were probably donated to a couple organizations but I did n't look too far into it .
There 's 1.69 BTC there left unspent . It 's possible they belong to Hal , or a friend of his .
Two of the separate coins were mixed in with thousands of others into huge whalewallets .
That leaves 6.31 BTC . Well , they 're still moving today , and it 's highly probable - unless your bitcoins are brand new - that there 's a little bit of satoshi nakamoto 's bitcoins in your wallet
Here are those 50 BTC split up accordingly :
中文图形
As the first block ever spent ( and for several days 100 % of circulating bitcoins ) it 's interesting to see where all the coins wound up , and nice to know that we all probably have a little of their taint .
Comments ? Now , citing Sergio 's research , satoshi mined a lot of BTC . In fact , almost ( or exceeding ) 1,000,000.He has a distinct pattern of mining , and onlyblock that is confirmed to belong to satoshi has beenBelow is a representation of the 50 BTC from that one block -- block 9 -- as they were just after being mined.I 've traced -- by hand -- where every single one of these coins have gone . See the chart below : Green = Unspent , Gold = SpentNow we 've all read that the first p2p transaction that occurred was satoshi sending Hal 10 BTC as a test.You can see this transaction above . It 's the original 50 BTC splitting into 40 BTC and 10 BTC outputs.He later sent 10 BTC to someone else , and then he sent 1 BTC to someone , and then he sent a total of 11 BTC to the same pseudonym , which in my chain archaeology thread is referred to as Bbz . Bbz mined block 360 , and then combined the coins from that block with the 11 he got from satoshi . Unfortunately , Bbz is no longer with us -- they vanished long before satoshi did . Maybe one day they 'll find their 61 BTC and return to us.Satoshi still has 18 BTC from this block.The 10 BTC Hal got were probably donated to a couple organizations but I did n't look too far into it.There 's 1.69 BTC there left unspent . It 's possible they belong to Hal , or a friend of his.Two of the separate coins were mixed in with thousands of others into huge whalewallets.That leaves 6.31 BTC . Well , they 're still moving today , and it'sprobable - unless your bitcoins are brand new - that there 's a little bit of satoshi nakamoto 's bitcoins in your walletHere are those 50 BTC split up accordingly : 中文图形 http : //i.imgur.com/Aml6sv3.png As the first block ever spent ( and for several days 100 % of circulating bitcoins ) it 's interesting to see where all the coins wound up , and nice to know that we all probably have a little of their taint.Comments ?
President-elect Donald Trump 's nominee for attorney general , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R-AL ) , vastly undercounted his appearances on Breitbart News ' radio programs and website in a questionnaire required for his confirmation hearings , according to a review by Right Wing Watch published Thursday .
In Sessions ' questionnaire for the Senate Judiciary Committee , he listed nine appearances collectively on Breitbart 's audio platforms , including Breitbart Sirius XM Radio and Breitbart Daily Radio Show , and four print interviews on Breitbart 's website .
But Right Wing Watch found nine additional radio interviews and three print interviews Sessions had given the publication since 2013 alone , along with a “ handful ” of op-eds Sessions had written for the site , that were n't listed on the questionnaire .
In one omitted interview from Oct. 5 , 2015 , Sessions lamented the state of U.S. immigration policies and pined for the immigration quotas that existed up until 1965 .
“ In fact , when the numbers reached about this high in 1924 , the president and Congress changed the policy , and it slowed down immigration significantly , ” Sessions told Steve Bannon , then Breitbart News ' executive chairman . “ We then assimilated , through 1965 , and created really a solid middle class of America with assimilated immigrants , and it was good for America . And then we passed this law that went far beyond what anybody realized in 1965 , and we 're on a path to surge far past what the situation was in 1924 . ”
In another unlisted interview , dated June 12 , hours after a mass shooting at an Orlando LGBT nightclub , Sessions said that elites in politics and government did not take the threat of Islamic extremism seriously .
“ We 've discovered–and finally got the Department of Justice to give us at least the information–that they 've convicted 570 people for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 , ” he said . “ Almost all of those , well over 90 percent , come from Islamic countries . We 're not having threats from our Japanese immigrants . We 're not having threats from the Netherlands . I mean , ca n't we get serious about this ?
The Senate questionnaire asks respondents to “ [ l ] ist all interviews you have given to newspapers , magazines or other publications , or radio or television stations. ” The omitted interviews flagged by Right Wing Watch are n't the first thing Sessions neglected to include on the questionnaire , which is supposed to give committee members a comprehensive look at nominees ' pasts .
Earlier this month , NPR reported that Sessions had left off his failed bid for a federal judgeship , as the questionnaire asks in one section for “ unsuccessful nominations for appointed offices. ” In 1986 , Sessions was rejected for the judgeship by the same committee he will face as a nominee for attorney general after co-workers testified that he made racially insensitive remarks to them .
Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) announced in early December that Sessions ' hearings would be scheduled for Jan. 10-11 , likely the earliest of any of Trump 's cabinet officials .
Posted 26 October 2015 - 01:16 PM
POPULAR
Hello ,
I 'm updating my post to include a guide to get TDM running with VR headsets using Vorpx . I 'll leave the original post below , as it 's not my intent to revise history . I think it makes sense to try to keep these discussions consolidated , but please let me know if you 'd prefer I start a new topic . With the release of the 2.05 , the unlocked framerate makes TDM work better with Vorpx . While the original post aimed to share what I discovered and start a discussion , I think people may find it more helpful now to have the necessary steps on display in the OP when coming across this topic .
If you 're looking to play TDM with a VR headset and need assistance , please see the guide below :
1 . Buy & install vorpx : Buy & install vorpx : http : //www.vorpx.com/ . Vorpx is a stereo injector that allows you to play non-VR games in VR . There are other free options out there that are being worked on that may be worth keeping an eye on for the future ( vireio , a re-shade branch ) , but as far as I know , Vorpx is the only way to get TDM working at present .
2 . Open your TDM installation folder & find your Darkmod.cfg file . Back it up . I have a folder with a monitor cfg and one with a VR cfg . You can switch from one to the other just by dropping in the respective file and overwriting .
3 . Open Darkmod.cfg and find the lines seta r_customHeight & seta r_customWidth to set an 8:9 aspect ratio . For example , 1280x1440 , 960x1080 , 1600x1800 , and 1920x2160 . Choose the highest your system can handle . I 'm using 1600x1800 , so my .cfg file has these entries :
seta r_customHeight `` 1800 ''
seta r_customWidth `` 1600 ''
Note : you may wish to try 4:3/5:4 or any other aspect ratio . Just keep in mind you 'll need to tweak the fov_ratio to compensate . Which leads us to ...
4 . With the Darkmod.cfg still open , find seta r_fovRatio and change it to 0.9 if you 're using an 8:9 resolution as indicated in step 2 . It should look like this : seta r_fovRatio `` 0.9 . '' If you 're using a different aspect ratio , it may take some trial and error to find the right value to enter here . You 'll know it 's off if everything appears either `` too zoomed in '' or has a fisheye warping effect .
5 . Save & close the Darkmod.cfg file .
6 . Create an autoexec.cfg file in the same folder as your Darkmod.cfg and open it up . You can just copy the Darkmod.cfg file , rename it to autoexec.cfg and delete all of the contents .
7 . In that file , add these lines :
seta com_fixedtic `` 1 '' seta r_displayRefresh `` 90 ''
This will allow the game to go above 60fps and/or allow vorpx to set it 's `` Async render '' to 45fps or 90fps ( depending on your hardware ) allowing for a smoother experience than would otherwise be possible , as far as I understand it .
8 . Save & close the autoexec.cfg file .
9 . ( Optional ) If you would like to eliminate the game 's `` head bob , '' which can help with motion sickness , you 'll need to bind it to a key-press . First , create an autocommands.cfg file inside the same folder and add these lines :
seta pm_bobroll `` 0 '' seta pm_bobpitch `` 0 '' seta pm_bobup `` 0 ''
Unfortunately I could not get this to auto-load with this file or the autoexec file . So I bound it to F11 by opening the Darkmod.cfg file and finding bind `` F11 . '' `` It should look like this :
bind `` F11 '' `` exec autocommands.cfg ''
10 . Save & close the autocommands.cfg file .
11 . Download either grodenglaive 's ( Vive ) or bucklebean 's ( Rift ) vorpx cloud profile using the vorpx config app & follow the instructions to import it . Either profile may be a good starting point for either headset . It might be wise to try each & go from there .
12 . Depending on your headset , you 'll need to launch SteamVR or Oculus Home .
13 . Lanuch vorpx
14 . Launch TDM & disable post processing . Otherwise , you 'll get flickering light sources . I also suggest disabling in-game AA to maintain decent FPS .
15 . Vorpx translates mouse movement into head tracking . You should consider setting smooth mouse to off . You 're going to want to tweak your in-game mouse sensitivity along with the vorpx head tracking sensitivity which can be found in the vorpx in-game menu .
16 . Play TDM in VR - You 'll probably want/need to press edge-peek ( MMB default ) to navigate the menu .
Some things to consider :
- Sometimes the main menu can flicker or completely disappear ! Do n't fear . Just press the edge peek button ( MMB default ) and your menu should come back .
- The skybox does n't appear correctly in 3D . There 's a console command to remove the skybox completely , but the sky will flash/flicker . I do n't have a fix .
- Vorpx has a few 3D modes - G3D , Z-normal & Z-adaptive . The Z-modes DO NOT WORK . If you accidentally set one of these , you 'll be greeted with blurry horizontal lines . You should be able to press your keyboard left & right arrow keys to set it back to G3D . If you ca n't , you 're the best bet is to shut down the game . You may not have saved that config , so a restart of the game might fix it . If not , you can try jumping back in and navigating the vorpx menu blind , but it 's probably easier to just restore the cloud profile in the vorpx config app .
- The settings from the vorpx cloud profiles might not be to your taste . Once in-game , press the `` DEL '' key to open up the vorpx menu . Here you 'll find several tabs where you can make numerous tweaks to personalize your experience . You may even want to create your own custom profile to share . Some of the tweaks need `` advanced settings '' to be enabled on the main page of the vorpx launcher .
- If you find that game objects , NPCs , doorways , etc ... appear to be too large or too small , you 'll want to adjust the stereo separation to taste .
- If you find the game too bright or dark , you can adjust the gamma . The in-game gamma & brightness does not work .
- You may want to adjust the sharpness setting to taste . My default profile has this all the way up .
- If you set `` fluidsync '' on , the game will lock to no greater than 45fps . You may find this more comfortable than a variable framerate . I prefer to have this off most of the time because the Vive , Rift , & vorpx all have built-in software solutions to help with this . I want to be clear , VR , especially with vorpx requires a lot of power to run . However , with these software solutions , framerates that drop even into the 20 's or 30 's are surprisingly playable . What you are willing to put up with is going to be a matter of personal preference . You can check your framerate by pressing att+f . It might be wise to take a look at the TDM wiki for information on how to improve performance . You want to maintain as high a framerate as possible for the most comfortable experience . If your framerates are just so bad & you ca n't handle it at all , you may want to try turning off 3D entirely in the vorpx menu . You will lose depth ( obviously ) but your framerate will skyrocket . It should be close to what you normally see outside of VR . While the 3D is particularly excellent for this title , even by vorpx standards , it 's not everything . The performance hit is huge and it 's a trade-off you may wish to consider .
- You may want to play with the letterbox & pixel 1:1 settings in the vorpx menu to assist with FOV adjustment . Use these in conjunction with the aspect ratio settings and the fov ratio settings .
- You can set how far the screen pops out for edge peek . You may find it preferable to move it closer to make readables easier . This requires the advanced settings to be enabled in the vorpx config app .
- You can play with motion controls as controller input . The controllers will be represented in the game world , but can not interact with anything without a button press . It 's interesting and may increase immersion , but I still prefer M+KB . YMMV . If you want to do this , you 'll have to open the in-game vorpx menu by pressing `` DEL '' or the controller equivalent & remap the buttons to your liking .
- Check out HTRF audio . It 's totally worth it . http : //forums.thedar ... etter-3d-audio/
Here 's a video that Grodenglaive put together about a year ago showing this working : https : //www.youtube .... Vq4jgy5k & t=139s
Please do n't hesitate to let me know if you have any questions .
Original Post below :
...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Hi Everyone ,
Apologies for the long post ahead ...
I 'd really like to thank everyone working on this project . You 've truly created something very special here and I feel quite fortunate to have stumbled onto this a couple of years ago . When I received the DK2 last summer , one of the first things I did was attempt to get The Dark Mod working with 3rd -party injection drivers vireio perception ( http : //www.mtbs3d.com/new-vireio-site ) and vorpx ( http : //www.vorpx.com/ ) . Sadly , neither would hook because they are based on directx and TDM uses opengl . I talked to some folks working on the Doom 3 oculus implementation project and even downloaded TDM source code with the intent to try my hand at support , but quickly learned I was in WAY over my head .
Fast-forward to 10/23/15 and the latest version of vorpx has preliminary support for opengl titles . The first thing I tried was TDM and it hooked !
Huge disclaimer : the game does not have official support . There is NO 3D effect , nor is there positional tracking . Head tracking is intact , so your head movements are like mouse-look , but not the full 6-degrees of freedom ( like leaning forward , backward , up , down ... ) . Framerate is also a minor issue ( see below ) . I want to be very clear that this is far from perfect . VR purists would probably not touch this . I am , however , quite pleased as punch . I learned a long time ago not to allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good . FWIW , in a very short time I have determined that this will be my preferred method of playing . I booted up Tears of Saint Lucia and I ca n't describe the feeling of looking up at the buildings . The sense of scale is spot on . And oh my god , this game is DARK on the OLED screen . The flickering torches and candles in the distance ... the lighting in this game is glorious . The atmosphere is visceral . The slow , careful , stealth pacing is perfect for VR . Frantic movements are generally not good . This is the opposite .
There are some things that need consideration :
- Framerate - generally , a rock-solid 75fps is required to have a good experience on the DK2 . TDM is locked to 60 ( or 62/63 ? ) . I could not figure out how to unlock it again . I had done that before when I got my 144hz monitor , which I quickly learned was a mistake . The speed of the game was all out of whack . Still , I 'd like to see how it operates at 75 . Nevertheless , the very good news is the latest version of vorpx also incorporates asynchronous timewarp , which eliminates the stutter/judder that occurs when the framerate drops below 75 . The game is smooth sailing and would not be playable without this feature .
- Resolution , FOV - because of the odd shape of the screen and the need to render 2 images , normally , when a game runs at a 16:9 aspect ratio , you need an FOV of around 120 to get it to look right . TDM used to allow you to set a custom FOV , but I can not figure out if that 's still possible . Instead ( and likely for the better ) , you need to set a custom 8:9 resolution ( I used 1280x1440 ) in the .ini files and set r_fovratio to about 0.85 ( still playing with it , but a value somewhere between 0.85 - 0.888 should work ) . This gets the FOV almost perfect . See here for more info : https : //www.reddit.c ... _89_resolution/
- I created an autocommands file to eliminate the head bob . YMMV . For me , when in VR , head movements not controlled by the player can make me nauseous . Even on a monitor , honestly . See here : http : //forums.thedar ... -be-turned-off/
And that 's it ! Please let me know if you have any questions or suggestions . I 'd be curious to see how others are getting on .
For reference , I have played the following in VR :
Dishonoed
Deus Ex GOTY
DXHR
Thief Gold
Thief 2 + T2X
Thief 2014
Neon Struct
The first 3 on that list I have done complete playthroughs , including DLC . The rest to varying degrees . The stealth genre is so perfect for VR because combat can be avoided ( if desired ) , you can usually move at your own place , exploration is rewarded , and the atmosphere in these games is among the best . I often find myself just sitting quietly listening to the ( patter ) of the rain or the crackle of a fireplace , soaking it all in .
p.s . - It 's also helpful to be pretty familiar with the game mechanics because you ca n't see the m+kb .
Edited by BuckleBean , 03 April 2017 - 08:40 AM .
Australian cycling advocates say new , stiffer laws aimed at increasing cyclist safety will actually deter more people from biking , reports Bloomberg .
The laws , which take effect March 1 , include an AU $ 425 fine ( $ 307 U.S. ) for cyclists who run a red light , and a AU $ 229 penalty ( $ 165 U.S. ) for riding without a helmet — a fine higher than most speeding violations for vehicles . In fact , only one of the new laws targets drivers , with an AU $ 319 fine for motorists who fail to leave a gap of at least one meter when passing a cyclist .
Bernard Carlon , executive director of the Australian government 's Centre for Road Safety , told Bloomberg that the new laws are being enacted in response to the 11 cyclists killed and 1,500 injured every year in New South Wales ( where Sydney is the capital ) .
“ If one cyclist chooses to now wear a helmet because of the new penalties , we consider that a win for cyclist safety , ” he said .
But advocates and researchers say these laws are a step backward for the country , and will only increase traffic congestion in the biggest cities . Australia will already fail to meet its goal of doubling cycling rates between 2011 and 2016 . The percentage of people who told a National Cycling Participation Survey they had ridden the previous week actually dropped between 2011 and 2015 .
Instead of larger fines for such offenses , advocates like Julie Hatfield of the Transport at Road Safety Research at the University of New South Wales told Bloomberg that what cyclists need is better infrastructure . A 2014 report she co-authored indicated that cyclists run red lights or ride on the pavement primarily to avoid dangerous situations on the road .
“ We really need to examine if the road system is designed to accommodate all road users , ” Hatfield told Bloomberg .
Australia already had a compulsory helmet law prior to this new legislation , a factor some blame for the country 's relatively low cycling rates . Australia was the first country to implement such a law in the 1990s , and remains in the minority , and is doubling down on the requirement with these new fines — even though none of the famously cycle-safe European countries has a similar requirement .
Last year , Paris even relaxed its cycling laws , allowing bicyclists to run through red lights after a pilot indicated the change could actually lead to fewer accidents .
Of Australia 's move in the opposite direction , Chris Rissel , a professor at the University of Sydney 's school of public health , told Bloomberg , “ There are many things that could be done to make cycling safer and to encourage more people to ride . These things are not it . ”
A police officer has quit amid allegations he stole sunglasses from Christchurch 's red-zone .
A police spokesman confirmed the officer resigned late last year after being investigated for theft in the aftermath of the February 22 , 2011 earthquake in Christchurch .
It was alleged three sets of sunglasses were taken from a cordoned-off suburban shop by the North Island police constable .
Assistant commissioner south Dave Cliff said the matter was investigated as soon as it was brought to police notice .
An inquiry was conducted by senior police investigators and the constable was suspended once evidence of his involvement emerged . But , he did not admit the theft of the sunglasses .
`` We are very clear that any allegations against police must be investigated thoroughly and promptly . ''
Cliff said there was not enough legal evidence to prove a charge of theft .
`` Fingerprint evidence was not able to be put to the court . Officers ' fingerprints are recorded for elimination purposes , but it is not lawful for these to be used for any other purpose . As a result the decision was made , reluctantly , that charges could not be brought against the constable . ''
Cliff said police then started a disciplinary process , which culminated in a disciplinary hearing . However , the constable resigned before the process was finished .
`` The officer was the subject of a full investigation and his police career is now over . ''
He was satisfied the police had investigated the incident `` promptly and fully '' .
Cliff condemned the actions of the police officer for tainting the efforts of thousands of other officer from New Zealand and overseas who helped in Christchurch .
He called it a `` tragedy '' .
`` We demand the highest ethical standards from all police officers and police employees . ''
On July 19 2016 , on his birthday , Adama Traoré died of asphyxiation during a stop by the gendarmes of Beaumont . Very quickly , bourgeois “ justice ” denied the crime of the gendarmes ; the public prosecutor declared that Adama had a “ cardiac malaise ” following a “ very serious infection ” adding even that there were “ traces of cannabis ” in Adama 's blood , all in order to blame the victim . Up against a united family and close friends who demanded justice for their son , brother or friend over a year , the steamroller of bourgeois justice has not ceased in piling on intimidation after intimidation to silence them and stifle the case of Adama Traoré 's murder .
Complaints , arrests , police custody , imprisonment , and threats have been part of the daily reality of the Traoré family and their relatives since the death of Adama . In December , Bagui Traoré , Adama 's brother , was sentenced to 8 months imprisonment with detention and a two years ' ban from Beaumont sur Oise . He and his brother Youssouf must also pay the gendarmes a total of 7,400 euros !
In March , Yacouba , Cheikne , Dooums , and Youssouf were arrested by Beaumont gendarmes . Cheikne Traoré was arrested at 6 am by two gendarmes in plain clothes who had posted up on the bus he takes to work . They were supported by ten colleagues who shouted the bus to a stop on a roundabout . A police measure worthy of the arrest of a leader of high banditry , permitting the criminalizatino of Cheikne Traoré but also used to keep the inhabitants of the working-class districts in fear of repression .
Dooums , a friend of Adama and a young rapper who had made a tribute to his friend , was sentenced to 15 months in prison and two years ban from Beaumont . The young man was in rehab , had just obtained his license , and was preparing for training as a stretcher bearer in September 2017 . Yacouba was also sentenced to a two year ban from Beaumont as well as 18 months in prison .
Today two members of the Traoré family , Bagui and Yacouba , are still in prison along with one of Adama 's friends , Dooums , while the gendarmes who killed their brother and their friend still walk free , are still on duty , and have not been charged !
More recently , Cheikne Traoré was put into custody at 5:40 in the morning for “ contempt ” . The mayor of Beaumont , Nathalie Groux , accused him of contempt from July 22 , 2016 — 11 months late ! It should be noted that from the beginning Nathalie Groux , the Union of Democrats and Independents mayor of Beaumont , showed her support to the gendarmerie and only spoke up for repression .
Soon after , a second complaint was filed against Yacouba who was taken out of the cell where he is serving his sentence to inform him that he was accused of malicious acts against the gendarmerie of Beaumont-sur-Oise on the evening of his brother 's death — because he put his foot in the door to prevent it from closing to get information !
Despite these intimidations and threats , the Traoré family and their relatives did not bend and thanks to a very strong mobilization and the important work of Assama Traoré , Adama 's sister , the family obtained a medical second evaluation . This second opinion confirmed at the beginning of July 2017 that Adama had died of asphyxiation and not of infection . This counter-evaluation clearly shows that the public prosecutor lied to protect the gendarmes . If Assa Traoré and the other members of Adama 's family had not struggled and faced down the pressures of the justice system , this counter-expertise would never have been found and published and the matter would have been snuffed out . How many families of victims are in this situation ? How many have not had the time and the strength , in the middle of mourning , to engage in the roller-coaster of bourgeois justice and have had to accept that the assassins of their child or brothers and sisters were cleared ?
The solidarity and the important mobilization of the family , the friends of Adama and the inhabitants of the Boyenval district , which this year established itself through discussions and football games in Boyenval , but also encounters in other neighborhoods , showed that the working-class neighborhoods could unite in the struggle and thus helped the Traoré family to not bend in the face of bourgeois justice .
Since the murder of Adama by the gendarmes , in less than a year the working class neighborhoods have had many new victims of police crimes in the specific context of a state of emergency . Among them were Jean-Pierre Ferrara , Theo , Liu Shaoyo , Angelo , Curtis , Jérôme Laronze , raped or murdered by police officers who quietly continue to perform their duties protected by the justice system that conceals such crimes .
And lately , not a surprise for the summer , police violence has exploded as Macron and his government plan a new anti-terror bill which allows none other than a state of emergency , and worse , that can be used by the French State without justification . The list of victims killed or gravely wounded grows — with Elvis , Whaid , Akram , Yassine , Foued and now recently Marina in Mantes-la-Jolie , who have been talked about only minimally on social media .
As Assa Traoré says , to change this situation –where the French imperialist bourgeois state and its police daily attack the proletariat–we must concentrate on the working-class neighborhoods .
The police are the instrument of ruling class—that is , bourgeois—domination . Their role is to maintain the social order and thus to maintain the exploitation and oppression of the capitalist system . The police can not be reformed to be at our service ; talking about “ Republican police ” makes no sense . The only way to put an end to police violence is to destroy this system , to overthrow the ruling class in order to establish the power of our class , i.e . the power of the proletariat . It is for this reason that all our struggles , including the fight against police violence , must be directed towards the objective of revolution . In order to carry out the fight against police violence now , we also have the duty to promote and develop people 's self-defense , self-defense of our neighborhoods , so that from now on we will no longer let it go , we will not just react and denounce afterwards , but we will protect ourselves now .
Popular , working-class districts are the stronghold of the proletariat . Our task as Maoists is to concentrate day-to-day political work on working-class neighborhoods ; to serve the people concretely , in a creative way , on all fronts which interest the masses and which go in the direction of the revolution ; to set an example by this daily work of propaganda , agitation , organization and action , proving that the Maoists are disciplined , firm , and attentive to the proletariat , proving that the masses can at all times rely on the Maoists .
“ A communist should be broadminded and be staunch and active , looking upon the interests of the revolution as one 's very life and subordinating personal interests to those of the revolution ; always and everywhere adhere to principle and wage a tireless struggle against all incorrect ideas and actions so as to consolidate the collective life of the Party and to strengthen the ties between the Party and the masses ; be more concerned about the Party and the masses than about any individual , and more concerned about others than oneself . Only thus can one be considered a communist . ”
“ Combat Liberalism ” ( September 7 , 1937 ) , Selected Works of Mao Tsetung , Volume II .
It is only through the organization of the masses by the armed Marxist-Leninist-Maoist Party and the construction of the three instruments for revolution i.e . the Party itself , the United Front , and the People 's Army that the fight against police violence will be able to achieve its ultimate goal , enabled through the mobilization of the people and the offensive struggle linked up with the masses . The objective is the total disruption of police violence and the overthrow of the bourgeois state which this violence serves . At the same time as posing the question of police violence within the French imperialist state , communists must pose the question of internationalist support for the oppressed peoples victimized by the French army , as in Syria , Mali , Chad , Niger , Burkina Faso , Mauritania , Côte d'Ivoire , Cameroon … along with the oppressed peoples of the French colonies who were victims of French police violence .
Let 's commemorate the 1 year anniversary of the assassination of Adama Traoré and demand Justice !
Justice for all victims of police violence !
Freedom for Bagui , Yacouba , Dooums and all political prisoners !
Strength to the family of Adama and all other families of the victims !
Against police violence , let 's prepare people 's self-defense !
Everyone and everyone at the protest Saturday 1pm in Beaumont-sur-Oise !
https : //www.tradingview.com/chart/BCHUSD/jExgLQT8-Bitcoin-Cash-Strong-Hands-and-Long-Term-Focus-Advised/
Regardless of all the noise on Twitter and Reddit and Discords/Telegram/Slacks the last few days about `` BCash '' this , and Roger Ver that , do n't lose sight of what Bitcoin Cash is : a community-activated hard fork of Bitcoin to solve both the high transaction fees and slow confirmation times caused by the 1MB block cap and the infiltration and subversion of Bitcoin Legacy by Blockstream , who is entirely backed by a group of really nice guys like Axa and Mastercard et al .
You know , a really similar group to the `` big money '' that 's coming to Bitcoin Legacy that you 're somehow supposed to benefit from , even though you 're the source of profit on their winning trades .
If you are n't already aware of the history , give yourself an education on how Bitcoin Cash came to be , and make a decision for yourselves as to what you want to do with the future :
It 'll take you about an hour to read through the entire post and all its links , but since you 're dealing with an investment in the future of the world 's money , this is not much of a sacrifice to make , in my opinion .
Right now , as far as BCH price action goes , there is nothing bullish to discuss .
We trade at the support line of the Kumo on the 1H chart . Tenkan-Sen has crossed well under Kijun-Sen , and all oscillators are showing no signs of reversal .
What does have some signs of good news is that we are in an immediate falling wedge pattern , which does often reverse at the bottom , break out , and lead to a new run . We are also inside of a larger ascending triangle , where upwards breakouts often happen , and towards big gains . That being said , we have no bullish indicators that this is going to happen , so we look for bounces and reversal patterns in the key $ 1400- $ 1420 zone .
If we do not receive a bounce at this area , the next chance is $ 1320 . Anything further than that on any sustained time scale will confirm a very bearish trend reversal .
The Tether Situation
During the `` Tether FUD Night '' , as I affectionately refer to it , I wrote an article illustrating the issues with much of the arguments opposing Tether . To clarify , that was not because I believe Tether is okay or good , but because I saw that it was being used to manipulate people amidst a setup .
As we stand now , 95 million Tethers has been issued in the last 48 hours . That one transaction for 15 million Tether 's that 's invalid appears that it may be a security vulnerability in Tether/Omni related to the previous `` Tether Hack '' on `` Tether FUD Night '' .
Although I ca n't find much besides speculation on it , on Tether FUD Night I had concluded that if the Tether hack was actually legit , then it would indicate there 's a major exploit available in either Tether or Omni .
Furthermore , bfx_drew on Reddit seemed to very dubiously expose a problem with Tether ( Original Thread : https : //archive.fo/R6sku ) :
This would seem to explain another problem in the market at the moment : the `` bull market '' alts are in . It would also confirm a pattern recently that 's shown both Bitcoin Legacy and Bitcoin Cash dumping at relatively similar times while other alts pump .
It seems that perhaps rather than exiting into USDT on many exchanges , people are converting to alts , and inevitably buying the tops . If this situation turns out to be true , I can assure you that it was intended that way for the purposes of leaving you holding bags .
There is much , much danger in this situation . Right now , to me , everything feels like it did in September before massive market corrections ensued . The market right now is like a dry forest in the peak of summer . One spark , and it 's a raging inferno .
For this reason , I 've taken a small portion of position as profits and withdrew to fiat , and have withdrawn all coins from exchanges to cold storage .
Trade Bitcoin Cash on Longer-Term Timeframes
The reality is that day trading is the nearly exclusive source of the adage : `` 90 % of traders lose 90 % of their account within 90 days '' . The reason for that is , you can neither intellectually nor emotionally endure the short-term noise and swings . Nor should you be able to .
It is hard by design , and the methods have decades of research , development , and fine-tuning that have gone into them to get you to part with your money . A friend of mine even told me today that because of that Roger Ver interview , a friend of his who 's a Doctor decided it was time to trade his BCH for BTC .
Well , he literally just sold the bottom of BCH and longed the top of BTC when it comes to the ratio pair .
And why ? Because the echo chamber worked its magic , again . In fact , the echo chamber is why BTC is pumping and BCH is falling . The way they manipulate your emotions and your doubt as you endure the pain of watching your market not gain , but lose , while the competitor ca n't lose , and only gains , twists all the right screws with all the right screwdrivers .
And they shake your money out of you upside down , just like a bully on the Grade 6 playground .
The solution ? Buy BCH during consolidation periods and pullbacks , withdraw it from exchanges , put it into a hardware wallet , and just be patient .
Perhaps on one short-term trade you might pick up $ 70 or $ 200 worth of points . Yet , on a longer-term trade you will pick up $ 700 or $ 2000 worth of points .
Which is more profitable ? Which is easier ? Which is easier and more profitable ?
Trade carefully friends . Something stinks like a dead body , and it 's all across crypto .
If Bitcoin Cash does not serve as a safe haven during a market correction like it has the last two times , it will also dump along with everything else .
Update :
Bitcoin Cash price continues bearish momentum , bouncing off the top of the falling wedge . Still under the red Kumo . Squeeze is now off on momentum oscillator and I expect the dumps to continue .
If you 're looking for opportunities to add to long-term holdings , $ 1400 and $ 1300 are excellent spots in my opinion .
For short term/day trading/margin trading , long positions should still be deferred until reversal patterns are seen at major support levels .
Bitcoin Legacy continues towards $ 10,000 all the same .
Please bear in mind the market is vulnerable right now to `` news '' and many , many coins are very extended in their pricing .
Trade carefully , and do n't panic . I believe core holdings should still be left for the long and medium term targets of $ 3500 and $ 5500 .
Update # 2
Bitcoin Cash price action respected the major trend line , with a major bounce . Meanwhile , Bitcoin Legacy raced to nearly $ 12,000 . Coins like Ethereum had a big run to $ 520 annihilated amidst the $ 1,000 Bitcoin Legacy drop .
The entire market is showing its fragility at the moment , and one should be careful .
Bitcoin Legacy :
Ethereum :
Dash ( showing possible recovery at least ) :
Litecoin :
Right now our price action is a reversal pattern from the falling wedge , but it 's not showing bullish momentum . It could fall further , through the cloud , and towards the trendline .
It could fall through the trendline to the $ 1320 support area we discussed earlier .
I have reservations this is a risk , because it seems buyers are content to let weak hands and short sellers sell to them , but in any event , this market is quickly approaching a very chaotic situation , so please exercise caution .
Something is definitely going on behind the scenes with the miners , though . Here 's the distribution of block discovery over the last 144 blocks on the Bitcoin Cash chain :
The Unkown pool has been doing most of the lifting , while ViaBTC , BTCTop , Antpool , and BTC.com have had extended block discovery on Core . This is under the circumstance wherein Bitcoin Cash has still been within 1-2 % as profitable to mine as Bitcoin Legacy .
Despite this , unconfirmed transactions are at about 50 % of what they were during the first `` Cashening '' warning shot :
With Bitcoin , when a miner discovers a block , the coins are not spendable until 100 confirmations have been achieved . That means when miners mine new blocks , if there is going to be something of a `` Cashening '' situation , they have to make a move roughly ~16 hours in advance in order to be able to spend their BTC at a premium price
What this has led to , however , is a major projected increase to the next BTC difficulty adjustment :
Currently projected to be a nearly 20 % increase .
Strong hands and long-term focus advised , friends .
Update # 3 :
The situation , in one picture . You tell me . How smart was panic selling your Bitcoin Cash the last 48 hours ?
Update # 4 :
Virtually every market looks the same right now . This pattern that you see is generally referred to as a bear flag . We now trade under the main trendline . Fortunately TradingView has updated properly the data from the Finex feed and we can see the price dropped to exactly $ 1100.00 . This universe is so crazy with its coincidences .
The reality is that these patterns are not bullish . If you look at only the price you see it keeps crawling up and crawling upwards . That is actually , ironically , not an indicator of strength .
What we need to see to count as strength is some kind of sustained bounce over the 0.382 and more importantly the 0.236 fibs . Conveniently , the 0.236 fib also brings us back within the main trendline .
What I expect to see is price action to snake/crawl and slowly , after much choppiness , return towards that $ 1500 mark and eventually break upwards and out of it .
But , if this pattern breaks down , next support below the drawn fib line is in the ~ $ 950- $ 980 area .
It 's a great opportunity to buy dips for spot and long term holdings . $ 1500 Bitcoin Cash is going to become a thing of the past an awful lot sooner than everyone thinks .
Update # 5
Again , every market looks about the same right now . Dash is a bit of an outlier , but I would n't read much into that . When the whales are done , that centralized mess will come down hard .
Right now we 're at key action to see if Bitcoin Cash can break the downtrend line and start a reversal . Generally speaking , breaking these key trendlines is a major thing .
That being said , this market is still not bullish . No market is . You have to bear in mind that after Bitcoin Legacy eats a $ 3000 drop and every single market follows it , the upwards momentum is halted . We are now in a strong downtrend and looking for reversal patterns .
If this downtrend line is broken , Bitcoin Cash still needs to regain the main trendline at around $ 1600 for bullish momentum to continue .
I would not advise selling any of your core position during this turbulence . However , if you 've yet to take profits and want to , wait until price is in the $ 1400-1500 region agan and sell 25 % of your portion .
And please for the love of God do n't sell into USDT . Bitfinex just scammed retail traders for millions and millions of dollars in margin trading scam . The house of cards will soon come down .
I 've documented that a fair bit here :
Update # 6
Bitcoin Legacy on the top , Bitcoin Cash on the bottom .
Both relatively equal situations in terms of how the charts look , yet , Bitcoin Cash is now the coin breaking out of its downtrend line while Legacy lingers .
Perhaps it is a fortuitous omen . It 's already a TA signal .
If you 'd like to open long trades at current price level , there is risk , but :
Target : $ 1430
Stop : $ 1180
RR : ~2.0
==
Stellar , an open-source payments network that started as a splinter project from Ripple , has formed a for-profit company to help financial institutions integrate its software .
Lightyear.io represents an acknowledgment that to fulfill Stellar co-founder Jed McCaleb 's goal of an open , global financial system , traditional banks will need to be involved .
The company said in a press release that by utilizing Stellar 's open-source network , it will be able to power payments between financial institutions and enable “ seamless exchange between currencies , and let anyone build low-cost financial services . ”
Stellar started in 2014 , the year after McCaleb left Ripple . Early on the Stellar project 's strategy was to integrate with microfinance institutions in the developing world , but it `` could n't go past a certain point '' without larger financial institutions connected to the network , he said Wednesday .
It 's a common narrative in fintech lately , as aspiring disruptors pivot from challenging incumbents to partnering with them , or pursuing some combination .
From left : Lisa Nestor , Stellar 's director of partnerships ; Jed McCaleb , co-founder and CTO of Stellar , co-founder of Lightyear ; and Brit Yonge , Lightyear.io co-founder .
For financial institutions , McCaleb said , Stellar 's selling point is interoperability . Just as the internet allows users to send messages anywhere in the world , Stellar will allow banks to connect to remittance companies , payment platforms like Venmo or mobile money systems such as Kenya 's M-Pesa , he said . It will `` increase the reach and scale any financial institution can have , '' said McCaleb , who is the chief technology officer at Stellar .
That 's a similar pitch to what his former employer , Ripple , has been making in recent years as it positions itself as a modern alternative to the decades-old Swift messaging network . So far , Ripple has recruited scores of bank partners , giving it a considerable lead .
McCaleb argued that his team has improved upon Ripple 's code ( including a complete rewrite after Stellar suffered a major technical snafu in late 2014 ) and that having a nonprofit , the Stellar Development Foundation , in charge of software development gives his project stronger governance .
Nevertheless , he said , it became necessary to set up a commercial enterprise to work with partners so the foundation could focus on its core mission of securing the Stellar protocol and `` was n't pulled in two directions . ''
The relationship between Stellar and Lightyear is akin to that of the Linux Foundation and Red Hat , where one focuses on the development of open-source software and the other sells related services , McCaleb said .
Lightyear 's other co-founder is Brit Yonge , previously an executive with Palantir Technologies , the analytics and data firm co-founded by the Silicon Valley titan Peter Thiel .
McCaleb also created the first bitcoin exchange , Mt . Gox , which he sold to Mark Karpeles in 2011 , three years before its collapse . In 2012 he started Ripple with the serial fintech entrepreneur Chris Larsen in 2012 .
Ripple and Stellar both allow payments denominated in fiat currency but have their own native digital currencies . Stellar 's is called lumens . The digital currency serves as a `` security token '' guarding against spam attacks by requiring users to spend a small amount of lumens to transfer fiat . Lumens also can act as `` bridge currency , '' facilitating trades for currency pairs that lack a liquid market . For example , if someone wanted to send money from London to Toronto but there are few counterparties on the network willing to trade loonies for pounds , trading in and out of lumens could get the transaction done .
In its early days , Stellar envisioned getting lumens in the hands of consumers , but McCaleb said Wednesday that he now expects the digital currency to operate in the background for most users , who would only know that they are sending or receiving fiat .
For Some Catalan Officials , Coming To Work This Monday Was An Act Of Defiance
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lluis Gene /AFP/Getty Images Lluis Gene /AFP/Getty Images
On Monday morning , Catalan officials showed up at their offices — and , in some cases , were escorted out by police just minutes later .
The Spanish government instituted direct rule over the formerly semi-autonomous region of Catalonia on Friday , which had declared independence from Spain .
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy dissolved the regional government immediately after assuming direct-rule authority . That means Catalan officials have essentially been fired — and prominent secessionist leaders have also been charged with crimes , including sedition .
Josep Rull , a regional minister , tweeted a photo of himself at work despite Spain 's dissolution of his government .
`` In the office , '' he wrote , `` exercising the responsibilities entrusted in us by the people of Catalonia . ''
Lucia Benavides reports for NPR from Barcelona :
`` The Spanish government has given Catalan officials a few hours to grab their things and leave their posts . ... [ Rajoy ] said there would be snap elections on Dec. 21 . In the meantime , central government ministries will take over the Catalan administration . ... `` The Catalan president continues to declare himself president and has called for a 'democratic opposition ' to the Spanish government 's takeover of the region . This morning , Catalan public officials were greeted by clapping from pro-independence supporters waiting outside government buildings . ''
The Catalan president , Carles Puigdemont , is among those facing charges . An anonymous Spanish official told The Associated Press that Puigdemont has left the country and traveled to Brussels .
Pro-independence parties say they plan to participate in the Dec. 21 election , Reuters reports , a `` tacit admission '' that the regional parliament has in fact been dissolved .
The upheaval comes nearly a month after Catalonia , a prosperous region of Spain with its own history , language and culture , held a referendum on independence on Oct. 1 . Spain vehemently objected to the vote and attempted to block it , but secessionist leaders defied the police and held the vote anyway .
The result was overwhelmingly in favor of independence , but Catalonia itself is more divided than the vote reflects ; many pro-unity voters did not participate in the referendum .
`` On Sunday , about 300,000 pro-Spain supporters filled the capital city 's streets — it was one of the biggest shows of force by the so-called silent majority , '' Benavides reports . `` Two people were allegedly injured before and after the protests as ultra-right groups joined the demonstration . ''
Now , with two competing governments both claiming to be the democratically elected leadership of Catalonia , confusion is pervasive , as the AP reports :
`` As dozens of journalists , curious onlookers and bemused tourists gathered in the square outside the Gothic government palace in central Barcelona , residents expressed confusion about who was actually in charge of Catalonia. `` ' I do n't know — the Catalan government says they are in charge , but the Spanish government says they are , ' said Cristina Guillen , an employee in a nearby bag shop . 'So I have no idea , really. `` 'What I really think is that nobody is in charge right now , ' she said . ''
But despite the uncertainty , for everyday citizens `` work resumed normally in Catalonia and calm reigned on the streets , '' Reuters reported on Monday .
What this guide is not about
What this guide is about :
1 . The concept :
2 . The meta
3.Matchups
4.Card Choices or `` How is this not just another midrange sorcerer with atromancers teched ? ''
Windows 10 brought a ton of new and awesome features . One of the best features is the new Xbox app . Even if you do n't have an Xbox , this app is useful for everyone . You can use it to record games , create clips from any app , and even stream console games .
Record Nearly Any App or Game with the Game Bar
Recording gameplay has become so popular , it 's built into nearly every console these days . Adding a game recorder to Windows 10 was the natural next step for Microsoft . Here 's the kicker , though : you can record more than just games . The Xbox app can record nearly any running app . While a few applications can exempt themselves , most have not . That means that the Xbox app is not only an awesome game recorder , it 's an awesome screen capture tool .
Advertisement
If you 've logged into the Xbox app at any point , the Game DVR feature should be ready to go . If not , start the app and login . Once it 's running , follow these steps to record a game or app :
Press Win+G to open the Game Bar . If you see a box asking if this app is a game , click the checkbox next to “ Yes , this is a game. ” Click the red circle to start recording . When you 're done , press Win+G again and click the red circle to end the recording .
Advertisement
You can also press Win+Alt+R to start and stop recording , as long you 've already told the Xbox app that a particular application is a game . Once you 've finished recording , you 'll get a notification in the Action Center ( Win+A ) . You can click this notification to jump straight to the Game DVR section of the Xbox app and find your clips . Here you can trim the clips and jump to the folder where the files are contained .
It 's unclear exactly which apps can and can not be recorded . The Game Bar wo n't record Skype for Desktop , for example . However , the Xbox app can record itself . Regardless of whether an app is actually a game , you can try using the Game DVR to record clips of it .
Use “ Record That ” to Save the Last 30 Seconds ( or More ) of a Game
Advertisement
Unless you 're a YouTube star , chances are you 're not going to want to record everything you do on the off chance something interesting happens . However , there are times where you do something totally badass and no one was around to see it . Much like Xbox users can , Windows 10 users can now use the “ Record that ” feature to save the last 30 seconds ( by default , you can raise the limit ) of whatever they 're playing .
“ Record that ” works by constantly recording whatever you 're playing , but only keeping the last thirty seconds . At any point , you can open the Game Bar and click “ Record that ” ( or press Win+Alt+G ) to keep that video forever . This allows you to retroactively decide to start recording after something cool happens .
To set it up , follow these steps :
In the Xbox app , click on Settings in the left-hand sidebar . Click the Game DVR tab . Enable the toggle under “ Record that. ” Optional : Next to “ Record the last : ” you can click the drop down to adjust the recording buffer from 15 seconds to 10 minutes . Open the game or app you want to record . Press Win+G to open the Game Bar . Click “ Yes , this is a game ” if it asks .
As with the last section , once you 've turned on “ Record that ” and designated an application as a game , you do n't need to go through most of these steps . You can open the Game Bar to activate “ Record that ” or just press Win+Alt+G .
Advertisement
Stream Your Xbox Games to Your PC From Your Console
Technically , this feature does require an Xbox One , but it 's an awesome one , so we 're including it . With Windows 10 , Microsoft is also making it possible to stream your Xbox One games to your PC . Your Xbox will do the leg work of running the games , then send the video and audio to your computer where you can play them .
Advertisement
This can be handy for a number of reasons . For starters , it allows you to play console exclusives on a PC . You can also keep playing games if someone else in your home is using your living room television .
To start streaming your games , you 'll need to set up both your Xbox and your PC . Here 's how to get started on the Xbox :
Open Settings on your Xbox One . Select Preferences . Enable “ Allow game streaming to other devices. ” Under Smartglass Connections , enable either “ From any SmartGlass device ” or “ Only from profiles signed in on this Xbox . ”
Advertisement
Once your Xbox is set up , you 'll need to configure your PC . To do that , follow these steps :
Make sure your PC and Xbox are connected to the same home network . Launch the Xbox app on your PC . In the left-side panel , click Connect . After the app scans for available Xboxes , choose yours from the list . Once it connects , select your Xbox . Choose “ Stream . ”
Once your Xbox and PC are connected , you can start launching games from your Xbox One . To do this , select My Games from the left-hand side of the Xbox app , choose the game you want to play and click “ Play from console . ”
Advertisement
While the game is playing , you can plug in a headset and create or join parties just like you would on your console . You 'll also have a new section under Settings to adjust streaming quality , if your game is n't playing smoothly on your computer .
The family and friends of former B.C . Lion Rick Klassen gathered in Surrey on Saturday to remember the fun-loving , hard-hitting family man who they say died too soon .
Rick Klassen was voted a member of the B.C . Lions All-Time Dream Team . He retired in 1990 . ( Rick Klassen/Facebook )
The celebration of life featured many stories about Klassen , who was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2013 and died in December 2016 at the age of 57 .
His friend George Chayka recalled how a 3,500-lb forklift fell on Klassen 's leg when Klassen was a teenager .
`` When the doctor showed him the x-rays , he said 'No , it 's not broken . It 's bent , ' '' he told those gathered at the memorial .
`` Sure enough , you could see on the x-ray , that the bone was curved from the impact of the bar hitting Rick 's leg , but it did n't break . ''
'Rick just gave us his all '
That toughness served Klassen well on the field , first at Simon Fraser University and then in the CFL , where he starred for the B.C . Lions .
Rick Klassen was described by family and friends as a fun-loving , hard-hitting family man who was taken from them too soon . ( CBC )
He won the Grey Cup in 1985 and earned a spot on the team 's Wall of Fame in 2012 .
`` Rick just gave us his all , '' said former teammate Nick Hebeler . `` He led by example and he showed the best of the best how to be better . For that I 'm thankful . ''
Klassen may have seemed indestructible , but his 10 year CFL career took its toll on his body .
He suffered several brain injuries and his son said Klassen suffered from depression and mood swings .
George Chayka was one of several friends who told larger-than-life stories about Rick Klassen at a celebration of his life . ( CBC )
His family has donated his brain to the Canadian Concussion Centre where it will be studied .
`` He made his family proud , '' said Chayka .
`` He made his friends proud . He made his schools proud . He made his communities proud and he made British Columbia proud on a national stage and it does n't get much better than that . ''
With files from Jesse Johnston .
You know Red Dwarf . We know Red Dwarf . We all know Red Dwarf – it 's practically a member of the family . But how well do you know it ? Did you know it 's 30 years old today ?
We 've gathered 12 more things you might not have realised about the evergreen sci-fi comedy .
1 . Alfred Molina was originally cast as Rimmer
Steve Granitz/WireImage
It 's pretty much impossible to imagine anyone but Chris Barrie in the role now , but Molina was actually cast before him .
It 's not clear whether Molina left or was recast , but reportedly the producers were unhappy with Molina 's demands for changes to the character .
2 . The TARDIS makes a cameo
ganymede.tv BBC
Blink and you 'll miss it . This little Doctor Who Easter egg can be seen in series five 's 'Demons and Angels ' , with the TARDIS casually hanging out near Red Dwarf 's closed bay doors as Starbug hurtles past .
3 . Kryten was almost Swedish
Joel Anderson
Robert Llewellyn considered both Swedish and American accents before settling on Kryten 's weirdly endearing Canadian twang .
4 . Series four was re-jigged thanks to the Gulf War
'Meltdown ' , the episode featuring historical figures battling each other in wax droid form , was originally planned as the series four opener . But the events of the Gulf War at the time ( the episode was originally scheduled to air in February 1991 ) made the episode a bit tonally unfortunate , and so it was swapped out for 'Camille ' .
The original order would also have meant that 'Dimension Jump ' , aka the introduction of Ace Rimmer , was the last in the series . Which would have made a lot more sense as a finale .
5 . Grant and Naylor were worried that the Cat might seem racist
Not racist in himself , but racist as a portrayal , and it was thanks to this concern that the script found its way to Craig Charles .
`` This was in the mid '80s , when everything was so PC , '' Charles told The Guardian . `` I said , ' I do n't think the part of the Cat is racist at all , but any chance of me coming in to read for the part of Lister ? ' ''
6 . An alternative version could have starred Hugh Laurie and Alan Rickman
The LIFE Picture Collection / Ron Galella / WireImage Getty Images
Laurie , who was starring as the buffoonish Prince George in Blackadder the Third at the time , was apparently in the running for Lister early on .
At that stage the vision for the character was very different – Doug Naylor has said that they had in mind a performance similar to Christopher Lloyd 's in Back to the Future : `` His brain was fried , he was slightly deranged . ''
Meanwhile , reports vary on whether Rickman auditioned for Lister , Rimmer or both , but he was definitely in contention .
7 . There 's a reason why Lister 's pregnancy never got resolved
Grant and Naylor were as sensitive to sexism as they were to racism , and this became a problem as they sat down to write series three . The series ' first episode was meant to resolve the series two cliffhanger , in which Lister ends up pregnant with twins thanks to some parallel-universe shenanigans .
But they simply could n't work out how to actually deal with the pregnancy without coming off as sexist , and so eventually they scrapped the episode altogether . The episode 's planned synopsis runs as a humorously sped-up Star Wars-style scroll at the beginning of series three 's actual first episode , 'Backwards ' .
8 . Ace Rimmer was created to give Chris Barrie a break from playing gits
Grant Naylor Productions
Between Arnold Rimmer and Gordon Brittas , you can imagine why Barrie might have been yearning to play somebody less insufferable for a week , and so Grant and Naylor threw him a bone . A glorious bone , with great catchphrases and perfect hair .
9 . Kochanski was re-cast at the last minute
Grant Naylor Productions
We 're not talking about Chloe Annett , who replaced Clare Grogan once Kochanski became a main character in series seven .
Alexandra Pigg was originally cast to play Kochanski in series one , but shooting was delayed by an electricians ' strike and she was no longer available after the strike ended . Her loss was Grogan 's gain .
10 . Craig Charles was the only cast member not asked to be part of the US remake
Ouch . While Robert Llewelyn was the only cast member who said yes , both Chris Barrie and Danny John-Jules were offered the chance to reprise their roles in the 1992 American remake of Red Dwarf .
Then again , the pilot was godawful and the whole thing has gone down in history as one of the great US remake horror stories , so Charles did n't exactly miss out on much .
11 . You 've already seen the Red Dwarf movie
Sort of . In a condensed form . The long , long , long stalled Dwarf movie was so close to getting off the ground , so many times – it was officially announced in November of 2000 , after the BBC had declined to produce series nine . A script was written , and rewritten , and rewritten again . Storyboards were drawn . A filming date was announced . And then ... Nothing but false starts .
But several key ideas from the movie did finally find their way to the screen in 2012 , becoming the storyline for series ten 's finale 'The Beginning ' . Specifically , the character of Hoguey the Roguey and Rimmer 's arc into becoming a capable leader were both apparently taken from a draft script .
12 . It 's not your imagination – Lister and Kochanski 's relationship really is that confusing
In series one , Lister just has a crush on Kochanski and they 've never actually dated . But Grant and Naylor rightly decided that this made Lister seem a bit , y'know , obsessive and pathetic , considering how much time he spends talking about her .
So in later series – and in the brilliant tie-in novel Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers – history gets rewritten , and Lister and Kochanski did have a brief relationship before she dumped him .
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features ? Just hit 'Like ' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow ' on our @ digitalspy Twitter account and you 're all set .
Producer Lee Eung Bok in charge of the currently popular drama “ Descendants of the Sun ” has sat down for an interview to discuss and answer some questions about the drama .
“ Descendants of the Sun ” has been highly anticipated before the airing and now is the top-rated drama for the Wednesday-Thursday time slot .
Many viewers who have tuned into the drama have said that the recent episode , episode 12 , felt like it 's the final episode . When asked about how the remaining four episodes will effect the story line , the producer answered , “ There are still a lot of events bound to happen . From now on , every episode will feel like it 's the last one . ”
Since this drama is so widely popular , some viewers are already asking for a season two . The producer explained , “ It would be good if a season two was made , but the actual possibility of it is… ( laughter ) . It would be hard to bring back the original cast since we have to empty our schedule and it 's also difficult for both writers of the drama to work together again . ”
Do you want to see a second season ?
Watch “ Descendants of the Sun ” on Viki :
Source ( 1 )
MANILA , Philippines – The Office of the Ombudsman has affirmed its decision indicting an official of the city government of Lapu-Lapu in Cebu for persuading overseas job applicants to undergo skills training in a private firm .
Public employment service officer Grace Jamio will be charged for urging job applicants to South Korea to enroll at the AB Tutorial and Languages Center .
Aside from Jamio , named respondents in the case were Buenaventura Igot and Arturo Aliazon , both of AB Tutorial .
The case stemmed from a complaint filed by 15 job applicants who were allegedly enticed by the respondents to enroll in the Korean language program of AB Tutorial for a fee .
Jamio allegedly assured the complainants of a government program deploying factory workers to South Korea .
The complainants discovered AB Tutorial was not accredited with the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority ( TESDA ) or the Philippine Overseas Employment Administration ( POEA ) .
The ombudsman said the respondents gave unwarranted benefits to AB Tutorial , noting that free courses were being offered by POEA and TESDA .
AMES , Iowa – Iowa State 's enrollment continues to flourish . The university 's official fall 2016 enrollment of 36,660 is the largest in school history , an increase of nearly 1.9 percent ( 659 ) over the previous record of 36,001 in fall 2015 .
“ As we work to create a more diverse and inclusive campus , Iowa State is proud to remain the top choice for more Iowa students than any other school in the world , as well as record numbers of non-resident , U.S. multicultural and international students , ” said Iowa State University President Steven Leath . “ Now marking our eighth consecutive year of record enrollment , we are pleased to see more moderate growth this fall . True to our land-grant mission , Iowa State is accessible and affordable ; but with lagging state funding , we want to be sure we are growing at a pace that allows us to maintain high quality . ”
In the last decade , overall enrollment at Iowa State has grown by 11,198 students , or 44 percent . The student body represents every Iowa county , every U.S. state and 121 * countries .
This fall , 20,713 Iowans are attending Iowa State . They equal 56.5 percent of the student body . The vast majority ( 18,957 ) are undergraduates .
Overall , nearly 95 percent of Iowa State graduates are either employed or pursuing further education within six months of graduation .
Iowa State 's freshman class of 6,325 students , a record , includes 3,380 Iowans .
Iowa State 's first-year , full-time student retention rate increased to 87.6 percent , well above the national average and just under ISU 's record of 87.7 percent set in fall 2011 . The average ACT score for new freshmen also has increased the last three years , to 25.17 in fall 2016 .
By the numbers
Iowa State 's student numbers set records in the following categories this fall :
Record undergraduate enrollment of 30,671 , an increase of 637 students from last fall 's record of 30,034 .
of 30,671 , an increase of 637 students from last fall 's record of 30,034 . Record graduate enrollment of 5,096 – exactly the same number as last fall .
of 5,096 – exactly the same number as last fall . Record international student enrollment of 4,131 , an increase of 90 students from last fall 's record of 4,041 .
of 4,131 , an increase of 90 students from last fall 's record of 4,041 . Record diversity . Total U.S. multicultural and international enrollment is 8,748 , or 23.9 percent of the student body .
Total U.S. multicultural and international enrollment is 8,748 , or 23.9 percent of the student body . U.S. multicultural enrollment is 4,617 ( 12.6 percent of total enrollment ) , a new record and an increase over last fall 's 4,326 students .
is 4,617 ( 12.6 percent of total enrollment ) , a new record and an increase over last fall 's 4,326 students . Record U.S. multicultural enrollment among new freshmen : 946 students , up from last year 's record of 888 . Multicultural students represent 15 percent of new freshmen at Iowa State .
946 students , up from last year 's record of 888 . Multicultural students represent 15 percent of new freshmen at Iowa State . Record total U.S. nonresident enrollment of 11,509 , up 900 students from last year 's record of 10,609 students .
of 11,509 , up 900 students from last year 's record of 10,609 students . Record U.S. nonresident undergraduate enrollment of 9,510 , up 899 students from last year 's record of 8,611 .
of 9,510 , up 899 students from last year 's record of 8,611 . Record U.S. nonresident new freshman enrollment of 2,611 , up 242 students from last year 's record of 2,369 students .
* Update : The number was initially reported as 125 countries ; it is actually 121 .
Roadrunner Records has signed Kvelertak .
On the one hand , this is n't surprising ; there have been rumors that the label was courting the band for some time , and my sources tell me they threw a metric fuckton of money at the band to make it happen . And if RR is looking to maintain some street cred in light of last year 's gutting , well , Kvelertak certainly have street cred . On the other hand , this is really surprising , because a clean-vocals-free Norwegian band whose lyrics are n't in English and are produced by Kurt frickin ' Ballou are now on Roadrunner .
But , really , whatever : very few people will give a shit what label the band is on so long as their new album , Meir , is good… and early evidence suggests that it will be .
In any case , Meir now has a U.S. release date : March 26 . So close , and yet so far away !
SEATTLE — Mayor Ed Murray will announce Tuesday morning that he will no longer seek re-election to a second term , two sources close to the mayor confirmed Monday night .
Murray will make the surprise announcement at a news conference at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday , the sources confirmed .
Murray previously said he would continue to run for re-election but his campaign has been troubled since a 46-year-old Kent man , Delvonn Heckard , filed a lawsuit in April claiming Murray paid him for sex when the man was a teenager in the 1980s and Murray was in his 30s .
Murray denied the allegation and said it was politically motivated .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
On May 3 , another man , Maurice Jones , said he was introduced to Murray in the late 1980s by Heckard , and that he , too , was paid for sex by Murray .
Previously , two men had made sex abuse allegations against Murray .
The mayor has repeatedly denied the claims .
We have a great number of amazing blog posts contributed by our local bloggers . Discover what is happening in your neighborhood by reading their latest posts .
Dr. Carey Heller is a licensed psychologist and founding partner with The Heller Psychology Group LLC , which is a small private practice located in Bethesda , Maryland near Montgomery Mall . He specializes in working with children , adolescents , and their families . Dr. Heller conducts play , individual , and family psychotherapy for a variety ... Read more
New School Year , New Parenting Approach
When children go back to school each year , they more or less get a fresh start with new teachers and a clean slate to improve their academic performance and behavior . Some teachers have children write out goals on the first day of school on what they want to accomplish for the year and ways that they want to improve from the previous year . While the system of reflecting on the past , starting over , and developing goals for the future is less built in for parents , parents can still take a similar approach . If you 've been struggling with parenting effectively or have children with significant behavioral , emotional , or academic issues , you can use the new school year to make sure everyone is putting their best foot forward and has the tools that they need to be successful .
Here are a few strategies to evaluate yourself and implement new approaches if needed :
1 ) Look at how happy you are both as a parent and in general as a person . If you feel that there are things you can improve on , make a list of them . Then , note how you could address these issues , which may mean changing your behavior , routine , or getting you or your child certain services to make these changes possible .
2 ) If you feel burned out as a parent , make sure you are taking time for yourself . Set aside time each week to do something for yourself such as playing tennis , going for walks , getting coffee with friends , and so forth . Perhaps hiring a full-time or part-time nanny , cleaning company , or person to run errands for you could help alleviate some of your responsibilities to allow more time to spend with your family and doing things for yourself . There are also companies that will provide transportation and mentoring to children and adolescents . If organization is difficult for you , hiring a professional organizer to get you started with being more organized could be beneficial .
3 ) If you feel that you need assistance regrouping and coming up with strategies to implement at home to better manage the needs of your children , consi
der seeking out a therapist to provide parent coaching . If your child is struggling significantly , they also may greatly benefit from treatment with a therapist .
4 ) If your child 's academic difficulties frequently cause conflict at home , make sure any services you are receiving are effective , and if you need other services , seek them out . If you are not sure why your child is struggling , have them evaluated by a psychologist to determine what is going on . If your child has a 504 plan or IEP in place , make sure they are receiving the services they are supposed to and consider re-evaluating to see if other services may be useful to add to it . Outside tutoring in specific subjects as well as organization and time management skills training can be very helpful .
These are just a few suggestions to help get you thinking about items that could be improved and how to go about improving them . When in doubt , you can always consult a professional who can direct you as to what types of services/resources may benefit you and your family .
In addition to regular blog updates , you can follow me through The Heller Psychology Group 's Social Media pages for daily postings of useful articles :
* Disclaimer : The previous information is intended as general guidance based on my professional opinion , does not constitute an established professional relationship , and should not replace the recommendations of a psychologist or other licensed professional with whom you initiate or maintain a professional relationship *
Like this post ? Sign up for our Daily Update here
The tiny African nation of Djibouti is the unsung hero in the United States ' ongoing war against terror and piracy . A few security scares notwithstanding—the U.S. embassy was briefly closed earlier this month for unexplained reasons—the country is a rare oasis of stability in the Horn of Africa . Camp Lemonnier hosts U.S. Special Forces , fighter planes , and helicopters , and is a major base for drone operations in Yemen and Somalia . Small wonder that Washington recently renewed its lease on the base for ten years ( with an option to extend for another ten ) , even though Djibouti President Ismail Omar Guelleh nearly doubled the rent .
Mapbox
The United States ' investment in Djibouti , which amounts to more than $ 70 million per year including economic aid , is money well spent . Washington needs Djibouti—and Guelleh knows that all too well . France , Germany , and Japan have also handed over tens of millions of dollars to the country for the right to use its strategic real estate . And lately , China has gotten in on the act too—not only for economic reasons , but also driven by apparent security considerations . Money talks , especially in small and underdeveloped states run by authoritarian governments such as Djibouti—and soon Beijing , not Washington , may have the strongest voice .
Beijing 's interest in Africa is immense . Bilateral trade between China and the continent already exceeds $ 200 billion , far above Africa 's commerce with the European Union or the United States . In addition , China has long sought to strengthen its ground-level influence in places it considers strategic chokepoints . As such , it now has economic , political , and military deals with a number of African states , including Algeria ( which has significant oil and gas reserves and is near the Suez Canal ) , and other countries rich in energy resources , including Ethiopia and Nigeria . Djibouti recently joined this list , concluding a security and defense agreement with Beijing in early 2014 . The Chinese official responsible for negotiating and , presumably , executing the deal was Defense Minister Chang Wanquan ,
Like the Night King casually wreaking destruction wherever he chooses , “ Game of Thrones ” crushed another ratings record for HBO with its seventh-season finale Sunday .
The extra-long finale ( which clocked in at just under 80 minutes ) delivered 12.07 million viewers for its initial airing , breaking the previous series record of 10.72 million for the Aug. 13 episode . That 's an improvement of 13 percent .
In the span of seven weeks , the show surpassed its prior record for total viewers four times : with the season premiere on July 16 , then in successive weeks on Aug. 6 and 13 , and finally with the closer Sunday night . Every episode of Season 7 brought in a bigger audience than the biggest one for all Seasons 1-6 — the Season 6 finale drew 8.89 million people .
In adults 18-49 , the finale delivered a 5.7 rating , also a series high . The previous best was 5.0 two weeks ago .
Including night-of streaming on HBO Go and HBO Now , the finale drew 16.5 million viewers , per the channel . That 's also a record , up a tick from the 16.1 million cumulative night-of viewers for the season premiere .
HBO also says through six episodes Season 7 has gathered a massive 30.6 million viewers per episode across all platforms ( including streaming , DVR viewing , on-demand and on-air replays ) . That 's a 31 percent improvement over Season 6 's 23.3 million , and the gap will likely widen once the multiplatform finale numbers trickle in . ( Linear viewership for initial airings is up 33 percent season to season , 7.69 million for Season 6 t0 10.26 million this year . )
HBO has about 49 million subscribers in the United States , which means roughly two-thirds of them watch “ Game of Thrones. ” It 's the most-watched series in the channel 's history , having passed the high-water mark for “ The Sopranos ” ( 18.2 million in 2002 , without the aid of streaming ) in Season 4 .
In his first year as head coach and offensive orchestrator of the Buffalo Bills , Chan Gailey took his troops to levels of production that we , as fans , had n't seen since Mike Mularkey and Drew Bledsoe were in town . Even still , the offense ranked near the bottom of the league , and was not even close to being consistent enough to field a winning team .
The one player that can take Buffalo 's offense to new heights in Gailey 's second year ? Well , that 's Ryan Fitzpatrick . Obviously . But if we 're talking non-quarterbacks under that umbrella , there 's no more obvious answer than second-year running back C.J . Spiller .
We 've been over Spiller 's rookie season repeatedly - particularly where he needs to improve most ( ball security and pass protection ) . His poor statistical production and lack of ease transitioning from college to the pros are well-established . Not enough Bills fans appreciate what Spiller did bring to the table as a rookie , however .
Opposing defenses paid more attention to Spiller last season than any other Bill aside from Lee Evans . Speed alone makes Spiller a player that teams must account for on every snap , and his versatility makes that all the more difficult . During Buffalo 's hot streak in the middle of the season , when they repeatedly played playoff teams to the final whistle , Spiller was not particularly productive , but his presence on the field allowed many of his teammates to put up career numbers .
Even to me , it feels like I 'm overstating what Spiller 's mere presence means to the team , and to a point , I am . But when talking about Spiller , we must consider what I like to call the Reggie Bush factor - what he brings to the table ca n't be measured solely by statistics .
Evans and Roscoe Parrish have game-breaking ability at receiver , but Spiller 's speed is something that the Bills need to better utilize this coming season . More importantly , Spiller needs to increase his all-around reliability and get far more comfortable on the field than he was as a rookie . When those things happen , Spiller will - not might , but will - take Buffalo 's offense to another level . That 'll be true even if he 's not putting up Pro Bowl-level statistics .
Your clue to the next player appearing on this list , publishing tomorrow : he 's the favorite player of one of our most popular moderators .
Ten Bills To Decide 2011
7 . RB C.J . Spiller
8 . FS Jairus Byrd
9 . DT Kyle Williams
10 . WR Stevie Johnson
Senate Democrats and liberal groups are unveiling a new push to add a public option on ObamaCare on Thursday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The effort is led by senators including Chuck Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) , on track to be the next Democratic leader , and Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) , who galvanized liberals in his presidential campaign with a push to go even further and set up a “ Medicare for all ” system . Sen. Jeff Merkley Jeffrey ( Jeff ) Alan MerkleySenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE ( D-Ore. ) is spearheading the effort .
Adding a government-run insurance option , called a public option , to compete with private insurers has long been a goal of liberals . It has received new energy in recent months , as President Obama has called for adding one into the health law in order to address geographic areas with a lack of competition , and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE has supported the idea as well .
A public option has essentially no chance of passing Congress as long as Republicans control one chamber , and even some centrist Democrats are wary .
Still , liberal groups like the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , MoveOn.Org and Democracy for America are launching a petition at WeWantAPublicOption.com , in conjunction with a Senate resolution .
“ We need more competition in the insurance markets , not less , and a public option would help reduce costs and provide consumers with more affordable options when it comes to their health insurance , ” Schumer said in a statement .
Sanders echoed themes of his campaign , saying that while “ the Affordable Care Act has made great progress in helping millions of people get access to health insurance ... Insurance companies have shown they are more concerned with serving their shareholders than their customers . Every American deserves the choice of a public option in health insurance . ”
The liberal groups indicated that they will be making advocacy for a public option a priority , along with debt-free college and expanding Social Security .
The idea of a public option has risen in prominence given that some private insurers are pulling back on ObamaCare participation , leaving some areas of the country , particularly rural ones , with just one insurance option on the law 's marketplaces .
The other Democratic senators joining the push are Sens . Patty Murray Patricia ( Patty ) Lynn MurrayThis week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC , company says MORE ( Wash. ) , Dick Durbin Richard ( Dick ) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy : Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE ( Ill. ) , Debbie Stabenow Deborah ( Debbie ) Ann StabenowLand conservation tax incentives should inspire charitable giving , not loopholes Four names emerge for UN position : report Democrats brush off GOP 'trolling ' over Green New Deal MORE ( Mich. ) , Barbara Boxer Barbara Levy BoxerHispanic civil rights icon endorses Harris for president California AG Becerra included in Bloomberg 50 list Climate debate comes full circle MORE ( Calif. ) , Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer ' Feinstein 'sad ' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE ( Calif. ) , Sheldon Whitehouse Sheldon WhitehouseThis week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Democrats brush off GOP 'trolling ' over Green New Deal MORE ( R.I. ) and Al Franken Alan ( Al ) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race , say strategists , donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE ( Minn. ) .
Q : This team needs an offseason to catch up with the new talent and the aliments from the roster . -- Joel , New Britain , Pa .
A : There 's been a lot said about how , after four years of advancing to the NBA Finals , that this roster needs an extended offseason . I think that 's rubbish . First , the only players remaining from all four runs to the Finals are Dwyane Wade , Udonis Haslem and Mario Chalmers ( with Chris Bosh sidelined in February for the balance of the season ) . First , Haslem has been reduced to a limited role and Chalmers to sixth-man . So it is doubtful physical fatigue is an issue for either . And the reality is that Wade had a 23-day break at midseason because of his hamstring and then the All-Star break . If Bosh and LeBron James were still on the roster , then the talk of championship-series fatigue would be more legitimate . Exhaustion from the past four years is one of the last reasons for why the Heat 's record has gone this far south . Adjusting to the influx of new talent is another story . The Heat did a reasonable job with Hassan Whiteside ( although he clearly has shown an ability to do even more offensively in the post ) , but adjusting to Goran Dragic 's pace is best done with a reworked playbook . And say what you want about Erik Spoelstra on game nights , but he is at his best when given time in the offseason to match a system to his talent .
Q : The NBA playoffs have moved from South Beach to Cleveland . I guess LeBron James is the BOAT ( the best of all time ) . The fans of Cleveland get to enjoy what we have enjoyed in Miami , basketball from April until late June , for the last four years . Enjoy . And special thanks to Pat Riley for creating a great four years . Not having playoff basketball this spring will help us appreciate what we had the last four years . -- Stuart .
A : And it 's not as if we have n't seen this current reality coming for weeks , if not months . And I have an inkling that the Cavaliers ' television ratings with be second to Cleveland in Miami , albieit likely for different reasons .
Q : Luol Deng says he is happy with Heat organization . I wonder if Dragic being on team has something to do with it , because both are soccer enthusiasts and may have developed a bond over it . Perhaps Dragic will lead the team to more fast-paced , European style of play . -- Leonard , Aventura .
A : That 's what makes the timing of the Heat 's free-agency issues so intriguing . Deng must decide on his 2015-16 player option before the Heat can even begin discussing a free-agent contract with Dragic . I do think the lure of Dragic as floor leader and pace-setter could prove intriguing to a number of potential free agents , even with the Heat 's limited resources . But the Heat first must establish that they will play through Dragic and move away from the current slower , isolation approach .
The Telegraph report on Atta Mohammad Khan , which appeared in the January 1 edition
Srinagar , Jan. 11 : Atta Mohammad Khan lived till 82 but knew more intimately than most how death 's cold hand can strike at a very young age , especially in Kashmir .
The poor Baramulla farmer 's biggest solace when he passed away last evening would have been that he was n't taking this knowledge to his grave .
When rights groups published a report - `` Buried Evidence '' - in 2009 on custody deaths of young men in the Valley , Khan was the only witness to openly testify how he had dug graves for unidentified , bullet-riddled dead brought by the security forces . He had buried 235 , he said .
`` He did n't mind being named publicly despite being intimidated by the police , '' human rights activist Khurram Parvez said .
`` He was very keen that the government use his testimony to conduct a credible investigation into the unmarked graves dotting Jammu and Kashmir . ''
In his last interview a month ago , which appeared in The Telegraph on January 1 , an ailing Khan had described being scarred by the experience of burying nameless young with mutilated bodies .
`` One of them was a child , just six months old . She was killed somewhere in Baramulla but nobody ever came looking for her , '' he had said .
Right groups estimate that 8,000 young men have gone missing in custody in Jammu and Kashmir ; the state says the number is far lower . Activists say that many of the dead are buried in unmarked graves across the state ; the security forces claim these graves contain the bodies of militants killed in encounters .
Khan would give the dead a proper burial after conducting a funeral when the security forces came from nearby camps with bodies and asked the village to bury them - a common occurrence across the Valley during the height of militancy .
Khan volunteered because none else would in his village - Chahal , 80km from Srinagar - fearing it might land them in trouble . That was from 2002 till 2006 , before the graveyard ran out of room .
`` Sometimes , he and local community members would retain some or other belonging of the dead , which later helped identify them when their families came looking , '' Parvez said .
As Khan neared his end last week after prolonged illness , he sought a promise from his son Manzoor .
`` By then he could barely speak . He asked me to take good care of the graveyard , '' Manzoor said . `` He died last evening and was buried in his ancestral graveyard . ''
The Association of the Parents of Disappeared Persons paid tribute to the `` courageous man '' .
`` ( He ) lived his life in abject poverty and did not compromise on speaking the truth , '' a spokesperson said .
`` Every true , eternal problem is an equally true , eternal fault ; every answer an atonement , every realisation an improvement . '' -Otto Weininger
The best measurements of the distant Universe -- out beyond our galaxy -- have led us to the current picture of exactly what our Universe is doing : expanding and cooling , with its galaxies progressively getting farther and farther apart .
Image credit : Molly Read for the University of Wisconsin-Madison .
But what does that mean for our past ?
If we 're expanding and cooling , that means our past was less expanded and less cooled , or as we like to think of it , denser and hotter .
Now , if you 're thinking like a scientist , you do n't just want to know what it 's doing . You also want to know -- if it 's expanding -- both what 's causing the expansion , and by how much it 's expanding . In other words , we 'd like to determine the rate of expansion .
And the answer is actually straightforward : if general relativity is your theory of gravity , the Universe 's expansion rate is determined by what type of energy dominates your Universe .
Image credit : NASA , ESA , and J . -P. Kneib ( Laboratorie d'Astrophysique de Marseille ) et al .
In our relatively recent past , while the Universe has been filled with galaxies , stars , planets , and all the objects we 've ever discovered , the Universe spent most of its time dominated by matter , both normal and dark .
And when you have a Universe dominated by matter , here 's how it expands .
Image generated by me , as are all the subsequent ones unless otherwise noted .
Note that the expansion rate , H , drops over time . This means the Universe was hotter , denser , and expanding faster in the past .
But if we go back far enough , because the Universe was hotter and denser , at some point it will have been too hot to form neutral atoms ! There 's another thing that happens , and it 's obvious if you think about it . If the Universe was hotter in the past , that means the radiation in the Universe was more energetic .
Image credit : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratories , retrieved from physorg.com .
And if we continue to extrapolate backwards , the energy from radiation will eventually overtake that due to matter . And that causes the Universe to expand differently ! How does a Universe dominated by radiation expand ?
It expands similar to matter -- in the qualitative sense -- as the numbers work out only a little differently . But we ca n't go back to arbitrarily high temperatures , or all the way back to a singularity ; there 's a limit as to how hot the Universe was in its past , as constraints from the Cosmic Microwave Background tell us .
So what came before that ? What came before our hot , dense , full-of-matter-and-radiation Universe ?
Image credit : Ned Wright .
As best as we can tell , there was a period where the Universe was inflating . Stretching it flat and giving it uniform properties everywhere , cosmic inflation sets up the initial conditions that lead to the Universe we observe today .
Rather than being populated with matter or radiation , the Universe could also be dominated by vacuum energy . ( After all , the energy of empty space does n't have to be zero , and in fact , is n't even zero today ! )
When a Universe is dominated by vacuum energy , its expansion history looks very different . Let 's take a look ...
Notice how the expansion rate does n't drop over time ! This means that instead of growing like some power-law of time , the Universe inflates exponentially , and in very short order can stretch itself to be not only larger than you can fathom , but googols of times larger than the entire observable Universe !
Now , you might want to know how big the unobservable Universe is . That is , there are very likely parts of the Universe that are more than 46.5 billion light years from us ; we simply ca n't see the light from them !
So what determines how much the Universe inflates ? Let 's take a look at the standard picture of inflation .
Image credit update : Narlikar and Padmanabhan , retrieved from Ned Wright .
The y-axis here represents energy . That is , in particular , the amount of vacuum energy intrinsic to space . Obviously , the amount of vacuum energy in space today is tiny : some 28 orders of magnitude less than we think it was during inflation !
If we want the Universe to inflate a large enough amount to account for the flat , roughly uniform Universe we observe today , we need it to remain in this inflating state for a long enough amount of time . As far as our graph above goes , that means we need to start out on the flat part of this curve .
So long as we can roll or slide slowly enough down this curve , we 'll get enough inflation to produce our Universe . At some later time , you 'd expect we 'd eventually start to slide closer towards that valley .
And eventually , we 'd fall in . That part of it , where we fall into that valley , is where this vacuum energy gets dumped into matter , radiation , and all the stuff that produces the hot big bang that gave rise to our Universe . And , if the idea of inflation is correct , this certainly happened in our region of the Universe ; moreover , it happened about 13.7 billion years ago .
But you 've got to remember , this field that causes inflation -- whatever it 's true nature is -- is likely to be a quantum field/particle , like everything else in the Universe .
Now , what happens to an electron -- a well-studied quantum particle -- in something we can study , like a simple atom ? Well , you can measure it , and know where starts out at some given time . But give it a while .
Image credit update : likely Carlos Stroud and Zagorka Gaeta .
If it 's a quantum particle , its wavefunction spreads out over time , freely occupying a superposition of whatever states it 's allowed to .
So , how does this apply to our inflationary field above ? When we allow it to spread out over time , what do we get ?
We get that part of this quantum field , if it 's rolling slowly enough , actually spreads out back past where it started , up towards a state where it will continue to inflate ! So , remember our classical inflation picture , that we showed you , above ?
In this picture , inflation happens for some time , and then it ends everywhere , all at once .
But if we allow inflation to be a quantum field instead -- and of course it must be one -- you have to calculate how quickly it spreads vs. how much the Universe inflates vs. how quickly it rolls down the hill . If it rolls down the hill too quickly , or it inflates too slowly , it wo n't have enough time to spread out in enough regions of the Universe . But if it rolls slowly enough , inflates fast enough , and spreads out sufficiently quickly , what do we get ?
We 'll start with an inflating region , shown in blue . If the potential rolls sufficiently close to the valley , inflation will end , and we can mark it with a red X . But if it continues to inflate , we 'll leave it blue , and generate more inflating spacetime before we check in on it again . And here 's what we find .
Although inflation will end in more than 50 % of the Universe at any given time , enough of it will spread back up the hill that inflation lasts an eternity . And this is true for every model of slow-roll inflation we 've concocted !
In other words , there are regions of the Universe where it inflated in the past , that false-vacuum energy got turned into radiation and matter , and those parts of the Universe had a history very much like our own . But in between those regions , there are other parts that keep on inflating , and so on , and so on , and so on ...
Image unknown ; retrieved from cienciaeindependencia.blogspot.com .
And that 's why there 's a multiverse , and not just our Universe !
Now , the story I 've told you is a conservative one . In this version of the story , the fundamental constants are the same in all the different regions of the multiverse , and the other Universes have the same laws of physics -- with the same quantum vacuum and all -- as our own . But most of what you hear about the multiverse these days are from people who have speculated much farther than that .
The ideas that you hear -- multiple false vacua , the landscape , connections to quantum gravity , etc . -- are ones that people have speculated upon in recent years . These are mostly driven by including connections to string theory , and they present a whole host of difficulties as well as a great many interesting avenues to investigate . I will not touch upon them here , but when you hear those words , this is the basic story that they all take for granted .
So this basic concept , while it likely is n't the entire story , is just simple quantum mechanics applied to our best working model of the Early Universe . And what we get out of it is a Universe that , in most regions of it , will continue to inflate for all eternity : our Multiverse .
UPDATE on 04.09.2013
Original news , published on 01.09.2013
It seems like the Department of Islamic Development of Malaysia ( Jakim ) has won the battle against Lamb Of God . The heavy metal group has been denied a permit to stage a concert in Kuala Lumpur on September 28th because their performances were found to infringe on religious sensitivities and cultural values of Malaysian society . As usual , the fans are those who suffer the most with this whole ordeal . The band also decided to cancel the show after reportedly being threatened.Lamb Of God released this statement : `` In response to the growing controversy and public protest within Malaysia , and on the advice of our management , we have elected to cancel our show in Kuala Lampur . It is very evident ( and a bit frustrating ) that the groups , parties and powers that have taken the most offense to our music and lyrics , have themselves only made a passing glance at the content and meanings of those songs . We would invite anyone offended by our music to engage in a discussion regarding the true motivations behind our work , especially before publicly slandering us based on assumptions and shallow misinterpretation . `` `` We sincerely apologize to our amazing fans in Malaysia for the cancellation . However , in light of recent events in the band 's history , and given the increasing fervor of the media coverage regarding the Malaysian controversy , our management feels that the environment surrounding the upcoming show is becoming increasingly volatile . More than anything , we do not wish to jeopardize the safety of our crew , our fans or ourselves . Many thanks to all who have spoken out in our support through this . `` Statement by Livescape Sdn . Bhd : `` It is with utmost regret that we announce the cancellation of the Rockaway showcase that was to feature the Grammy nominee band , Lamb Of God on September 28 in Kuala Lumpur . This difficult decision was made after thorough deliberation by us at Livescape and taking into account the objections raised by various groups as well as life threats made by certain irresponsible individuals towards the band members themselves . `` : The tough times for Lamb Of God continue . According to New Straits Times , the Department of Islamic Development of Malaysia ( Jakim ) has raised objections to the scheduled performance of the US band in Kuala Lumpur where they would headline theon September 28th . The Department has called on the authorities to ban Lamb Of God from performing in the country . Its director general Datuk Othman Mustapha said the band from Virginia had `` blasphemous elements '' . `` Lamb Of God had drawn many controversies and was dubbed a 'satanic ' band that fitted evil spirituality and anti-godliness even by the Christian community , '' he said in a statement . `` The name Lamb Of God also referred to Jesus that Christians referred to as the son of god , '' he said.The department claimed the band had aired Quranic verses during their performances in the United States previously and had suggestive song titles such as `` Walk With Me In Hell '' , `` Sacrament '' , and `` Resurrection '' . He said the band'salbum , released in 2000 , opposed Islamic Syariat ( Sharia ) and morals . `` The organising of such events do not only corrode morality but also the faith of Muslims . Performances by heavy metal outfits that were often extreme also encouraged its audience to lose control , '' he said , adding that the entry of such bands also promoted the Black Metal genre that the government had opposed.He said the department hoped the authorities involved would not approve the permit to allow the band to perform . It was reported that Ikatan Rakyat Insan Muslim Malaysia ( Irimm ) president Amir Amsaa Alla Pitchay had raised the issue and will submit a memorandum to various ministries to ban Lamb Of God .
It 's an Amarillo father 's plea to help find his runaway daughter .
If you 've logged on Facebook or Twitter recently , you 've undoubtedly seen the posts about a 17-year-old runaway from Amarillo .
Her name is Haley Wilson and now her father , Ray , is hoping for a miracle . He 's depending on the powers of social media to help bring Haley home .
Haley left her home through her bedroom window sometime Monday night . Ray said they noticed when they woke up and Haley was gone .
`` She was gone , '' he said . `` Her window was open , her bedding was gone and so was her guitar . ''
A note was all Haley left behind . The note stated that she felt as thought she had nothing going for her . She also asked her dad to not look for her because he `` would not find her . ''
Ray said all he knew to do was to get the word out . Immediately he started to post photos of her and her car , a 2003 silver Ford Focus station wagon . He also said he found a map in her room that had places marked in Arizona and California .
`` We do n't know where she is , '' he said . `` I just want her home safe . ''
Because Haley is 17 years old , she is considered a legal adult in Texas . Amarillo Police said her name has now been entered into a national database of runaways .
Thursday afternoon , he also posted a video on YouTube . The video shows him telling the story of Haley . Within the video , is a song . The song , he said , he wrote for Haley and her little sister .
`` Social media is my biggest hope , '' Ray said . `` Hopefully it can get to Haley or someone who sees Haley . ''
`` I just want to know she 's safe . ''
On Twitter , Ray and the community are using the hash tag # FindHaley .
Help this family out and share this story .
Video of Ray Wilson 's raw interview
Written by Junko Ogura , CNN Jenni Marsh , CNN Tokyo , Japan
`` Typhoons are normally nothing but a disaster , '' says Atsushi Shimizu .
But that 's not the case for this Japanese engineer , who believes these violent forces of nature could solve Japan 's green energy problem .
Shimizu has invented the world 's first typhoon turbine . A robust , egg beater-shaped wind turbine , designed not only to withstand the incredible force of a tropical cyclone , but also to harness it .
A mature typhoon produces a level of kinetic energy `` equivalent to about half the world-wide electrical generating capacity , '' according to the Atlantic Oceanographic & Meteorological Laboratory .
The energy from one typhoon , says Shimizu , could power Japan for 50 years .
Challenergy 's typhoon turbine Credit : Challenergy
End of an era
Before the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in March , 2011 , nuclear power was expected to account for 60 % of Japan 's primary energy by 2100 .
But the devastating earthquake and tsunami , which killed 19,000 people , also caused three nuclear meltdowns and derailed that plan .
Today , Japan imports about 84 % of its energy requirements , and many of its nuclear reactors are now dormant , as the country shies away from this energy source .
Typhoons vs. hurricanes : What 's the difference ?
Attempts at utilizing wind power have been largely unsuccessful .
`` For decades , Japan has brought in European-style wind turbines , not designed for typhoon zones , and installed them with no careful consideration -- they 've broken almost entirely , '' says Shimizu .
During Typhoon Usagi , in 2013 , for example , eight turbines collapsed at China 's Honghaiwan wind farm , in eastern Guangdong , and a further eight were damaged , according to Windpower Intelligence .
Consequently , solar power has been the focus of the Japanese government , and solar panels are now not an uncommon sight on urban homes .
`` But in terms of energy , '' says Shimizu , `` Japan actually has a lot more wind power than it does solar power , it 's just not utilized . ''
The country has already seen 6 typhoons in 2016 .
`` Japan has the potential to be a superpower of wind , '' says Shimizu .
The next superpower
In 2013 , Shimizu quit his job , founded green tech firm Challenergy , and won funding to invent a wind turbine `` that is unbreakable by a typhoon . ''
Shimizu and his team made two fundamental changes to the design of conventional wind turbines .
First , they designed an omnidirectional vertical axis that is able to withstand Japan 's unpredictable wind patterns .
Watch a typhoon blow this car away
Then they incorporated the Magnus effect -- the sideways force that causes a spinning object to deviate from a straight path , like the spin on a penalty kick in soccer .
The Magnus effect offers an unprecedented level of control over the turbine 's blades . By tightening the center rod , engineers can adjust the speed of the blades to ensure they do n't spin out of control in a storm .
When the Challenergy team last simulated their invention in July 2015 , it achieved 30 % efficiency . Propeller-based wind turbines typically achieve 40 % efficiency , but ca n't operate in a typhoon .
In July , the first prototype was installed in Okinawa . Now all the Challenergy team needs to test their creation 's efficiency in real life is a typhoon .
`` I want to install our wind-power generator at the new National Stadium , '' Shimizu says , of the facility being built for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics . `` Or on the Tokyo Tower , because the Eiffel Tower installed a wind-power generator last year at the time of the COP21 ( climate summit ) . ''
For Shimizu , it 's a service he owes his country .
`` Our generation reaped the benefit of nuclear power -- we never experience a power black out because of it , '' Shimizu says .
`` Now we are responsible for changing the future . ''
SPRINGFIELD , Mass . … The American Hockey League today announced the schedule for the second round of the 2017 Calder Cup Playoffs .
The Atlantic Division Finals will pit the Hershey Bears , top development affiliate of the Washington Capitals , against the Providence Bruins , top affiliate of the Boston Bruins . In the North Division Finals , the Syracuse Crunch ( Tampa Bay Lightning ) will meet the Toronto Marlies ( Toronto Maple Leafs ) . In the Central Division Finals , the Chicago Wolves ( St. Louis Blues ) will take on the Grand Rapids Griffins ( Detroit Red Wings ) . And in the Pacific Division Finals , the San Jose Barracuda ( San Jose Sharks ) will face the San Diego Gulls ( Anaheim Ducks ) .
Atlantic Division Finals – Series “ I ” ( best-of-7 )
A3-Hershey Bears vs. A4-Providence Bruins
Game 1 – Sat. , May 6 – Providence at Hershey , 7:00
Game 2 – Sun. , May 7 – Providence at Hershey , 5:00
Game 3 – Thu. , May 11 – Hershey at Providence , 7:05
Game 4 – Fri. , May 12 – Hershey at Providence , 7:05
* Game 5 – Sun. , May 14 – Hershey at Providence , 3:05
* Game 6 – Tue. , May 16 – Providence at Hershey , 7:00
* Game 7 – Wed. , May 17 – Providence at Hershey , 7:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
North Division Finals – Series “ J ” ( best-of-7 )
N1-Syracuse Crunch vs. N2-Toronto Marlies
Game 1 – Fri. , May 5 – Toronto at Syracuse , 7:00
Game 2 – Sat. , May 6 – Toronto at Syracuse , 7:00
Game 3 – Tue. , May 9 – Syracuse at Toronto , 7:00
Game 4 – Wed. , May 10 – Syracuse at Toronto , 7:00
* Game 5 – Sat. , May 13 – Toronto at Syracuse , 7:00
* Game 6 – Mon. , May 15 – Syracuse at Toronto , 7:00
* Game 7 – Wed. , May 17 – Toronto at Syracuse , 7:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
Central Division Finals – Series “ K ” ( best-of-7 )
C1-Chicago Wolves vs. C2-Grand Rapids Griffins
Game 1 – Wed. , May 3 – Grand Rapids at Chicago , 8:00
Game 2 – Fri. , May 5 – Grand Rapids at Chicago , 8:00
Game 3 – Sat. , May 6 – Chicago at Grand Rapids , 7:00
Game 4 – Mon. , May 8 – Chicago at Grand Rapids , 7:00
* Game 5 – Sat. , May 13 – Grand Rapids at Chicago , 8:00
* Game 6 – Mon. , May 15 – Chicago at Grand Rapids , 7:00
* Game 7 – Tue. , May 16 – Grand Rapids at Chicago , 8:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
Pacific Division Finals – Series “ L ” ( best-of-7 )
P1-San Jose Barracuda vs. P2-San Diego Gulls
Game 1 – Fri. , May 5 – San Diego at San Jose , 10:00
Game 2 – Sat. , May 6 – San Diego at San Jose , 10:00
Game 3 – Wed. , May 10 – San Jose at San Diego , 10:00
Game 4 – Fri. , May 12 – San Jose at San Diego , 10:00
* Game 5 – Sat. , May 13 – San Jose at San Diego , 10:00
* Game 6 – Tue. , May 16 – San Diego at San Jose , 10:00
* Game 7 – Wed. , May 17 – San Diego at San Jose , 10:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
In operation since 1936 , the AHL continues to serve as the top development league for all 30 National Hockey League teams . Over 88 percent of today 's NHL players are American Hockey League graduates , and for the 16th year in a row , more than 6 million fans attended AHL games across North America in 2016-17 . Through the years the American Hockey League has also been home to more than 100 honored members of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
With nary an apology -- even though Clark was in tears -- airline staff booked her on a later flight to Chicago .
Clark has trouble with her hip and asked to be taken by wheelchair to her connecting gate , but she was dumped at the wrong one . By the time she found someone to help her , she 'd missed her flight to Winnipeg .
It started out as the flight from hell and ended with a taste of heaven . On her way home from Christmas spent with her daughter in Corpus Christi , Texas , 80-year-old Elsie Clark found herself stranded in a deserted corner of the Dallas-Fort Worth airport Wednesday .
Hey there , time traveller ! This article was published 3/1/2010 ( 3341 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 3/1/2010 ( 3341 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
It started out as the flight from hell and ended with a taste of heaven . On her way home from Christmas spent with her daughter in Corpus Christi , Texas , 80-year-old Elsie Clark found herself stranded in a deserted corner of the Dallas-Fort Worth airport Wednesday .
Clark has trouble with her hip and asked to be taken by wheelchair to her connecting gate , but she was dumped at the wrong one . By the time she found someone to help her , she 'd missed her flight to Winnipeg .
DAVID LIPNOWSKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Elsie Clark is back home in Winnipeg after a near-dreadful flying experience was rescued by a generous Chicagoan .
With nary an apology — even though Clark was in tears — airline staff booked her on a later flight to Chicago .
That 's when her luck changed .
`` He was my guardian angel , '' said Clark from her tidy West End home Saturday . `` I hope someone will hear this story and know what he did and it will catch on . ''
On the flight to Chicago , Clark struck up a conversation with a young businessman across the aisle .
`` I asked him about his shoes , '' she said . `` Ever since I was a kid , I 've always been fascinated by very shiny shoes . ''
( That 's because , as a farm girl in Saskatchewan , she accidentally told an undercover RCMP officer with very shiny shoes about her uncle 's homebrew operation out in the bush . But that 's another story . )
The man across the aisle , Dean Germeyer , must have overheard Clark fretting to the flight attendant about making her tight connection to Winnipeg .
Knowing about her trouble in Dallas , Germeyer quietly arranged for Clark to get off the plane first with him so he could escort her to her gate . But Clark again missed her flight , this time by ten minutes . She had n't eaten for hours and was very upset .
`` I would have sat there on a bench all night and waited for the next plane in the morning , '' said Clark , who is on a fixed income and blanched at the thought of a $ 75 cab ride into Chicago . `` But he said 'Elsie , I 'll look after you . I 've called my wife and you 're coming over for dinner . ' ''
Turned out Germeyer , an executive with the global information technology firm ACS , lived in a condo on the 56th floor of a posh downtown highrise , with views of the Wrigley Building and Trump Tower .
After dinner , Germeyer took Clark for a tour of the city in his BMW and dropped her off at a chic boutique hotel for the night , all paid for .
Want to get a head start on your day ? Get the day 's breaking stories , weather forecast , and more sent straight to your inbox every morning .
`` He walked in with me on his arm so I would n't slip and said , 'look after this lady , ' '' she said . `` When I got up to my room , it was n't a room , it was a suite ! I had to use my cane just to walk to the bathroom . ''
Since Clark had no luggage — it arrived in Winnipeg before she did — Germeyer arranged to have some toiletries and snacks sent to the room . The next morning , Germeyer sent a limousine to pick her up for the early morning flight back to Winnipeg .
`` Have you ever heard anything like it before in your life ? '' asked Clark . `` My daughter asked if he had a brother ! ''
Later , Clark phoned Germeyer 's parents to speak to them and they said they 'd already heard the story .
`` He told them he could n't sleep knowing he 'd left that lady stuck in the airport . ''
maryagnes.welch @ freepress.mb.ca
Pressure from businesses – especially big sports leagues – has had a big influence on proposed state laws that would affect the LGBT community . Here 's how . ( Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post )
Pressure from businesses – especially big sports leagues – has had a big influence on proposed state laws that would affect the LGBT community . Here 's how . ( Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post )
The ideological rifts breaking apart the Republican Party have moved into the states , where business leaders and evangelicals who have long coexisted in the GOP are suddenly at war over social issues such as gay rights and religious freedom .
The escalating feud has been evident in recent days in Georgia and North Carolina , where Republican governors have taken opposite approaches to dealing with these two vocal constituencies .
Georgia Gov . Nathan Deal , facing pressure from corporate heavyweights such as Delta Air Lines and Disney , vetoed a bill that would have allowed pastors and faith-based groups to deny services to same-sex couples . The decision by Deal , who is not running for reelection , has drawn fire from leading evangelical activists , who have accused him of being a traitor to their cause .
North Carolina 's Pat McCrory , meanwhile , who is up for reelection in November , is facing criticism from corporate interests and praise from social conservatives following his decision to sign a bill enacting broad limits to prevent municipalities from creating new LGBT protections .
The legislative battles , which have played out in state capitals across the country , underscore the unusual level of disarray in a party that traditionally strives for order . Rather than unifying around a message and strategy to win back the White House and retain congressional majorities , the GOP is largely collapsing amid factional warfare . There is seemingly no issue where Republicans agree — with bitter disputes raging over trade , foreign policy , entitlements and social issues .
Georgia Gov . Nathan Deal announced he will veto a religious freedom bill passed by the state legislature that has drawn national criticism for discriminating against same-sex couples . ( Reuters )
The focal point of the struggle is the GOP 's presidential front-runner , Donald Trump , the populist billionaire who has amassed a wide delegate lead despite opposition from all corners of the party establishment and a string of policy views that run counter to GOP orthodoxy .
Trump 's rise has muddied the ideological waters for the camps that have long made up the bulk of the GOP coalition — the three-legged stool built by Ronald Reagan in the 1980s consisting of fiscal conservatives , national security hawks and social conservatives . He has railed against free-trade deals backed by big business and blasted an interventionist foreign policy embraced by GOP hawks .
But the state-level battles between businesses and evangelicals demonstrate that the Republican Party 's troubles go beyond the concerns over Trump — pointing to a potentially irreconcilable divide between core elements of the GOP base .
Each side remains influential . Evangelical leaders can mobilize large numbers of activists and voters in key states and congressional districts . Corporations , meanwhile , operating in a post-Citizens United world of unlimited political spending , have the ability to put enormous pressure on policymakers .
“ You are talking about two portions of the Republican Party who do n't fundamentally understand one another . That 's the bad news , ” said Gregg Keller , the former executive director of the American Conservative Union . “ The worse news is that they think that they do . What that leads to is further misunderstanding on top of disagreement . ”
The anger among evangelicals was especially raw this week after Deal 's veto .
“ The devil has gone down to Georgia again , but this time it was in the form of big business and cowardly politicians , ” said Tony Perkins , president of the evangelical Family Research Council .
Billionaire Donald Trump has amassed a wide delegate lead despite opposition from all corners of the party establishment and a string of policy views that run counter to GOP orthodoxy . ( Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post )
The state fights gained momentum in response to deep anger among social conservatives over the Supreme Court 's decision last June to legalize gay marriage nationwide . Evangelical activists began pushing measures they describe as promoting “ religious liberty ” — aimed at protecting people such as wedding cake bakers or photographers who object to same-sex marriage from being legally compelled to participate in ceremonies . But these protections are often written broadly , with critics arguing they allow discrimination against the LGBT community in other ways , such as in employment and providing charitable services .
The focus on gay marriage ran counter to recommendations in a post-2012 election autopsy report published by the Republican National Committee . The report urged the party to move away from social issues as a way to expand the GOP 's reach beyond core conservatives .
Many Republican elites , including executives at big companies , feel like gay marriage is settled law and do not think special measures are needed to protect religious conservatives .
“ Generally , in the past , big business wanted to keep out of social issues , ” said David Boaz , a longtime leader at the libertarian Cato Institute . “ The corporate world has moved more to the cultural left . The religious right is feeling more and more embattled , isolated , and that makes them even angrier about things like this veto in Georgia . ”
Corporate leaders have found success on a number of fronts .
Exactly one year ago , Indiana Gov . Mike Pence ( R ) signed into law a controversial religious freedom bill . Then , under pressure from businesses and the NCAA , which was holding the Final Four last year in Indianapolis , he pushed the legislature a week later to pass an amendment in order to clarify that businesses and service providers could not use the legislation as a justification to discriminate based on a client 's sexual orientation .
In Arizona , then-Gov . Jan Brewer ( R ) vetoed a religious liberty bill in 2014 under pressure from the business community . Her move angered social conservatives , but it ensured that the state could continue to host last year 's Super Bowl .
In Arkansas , Republican Gov . Asa Hutchinson refused to sign a religious freedom bill that passed the legislature last year after Walmart publicly opposed it . He later signed a watered-down compromise bill , which basically reiterates existing federal law .
South Dakota Gov . Dennis Daugaard ( R ) recently vetoed legislation that would require students to use the bathroom or locker room of their biological sex at birth .
Tennessee Gov . Bill Haslam , very much from the business wing of the party , expressed concern about a bill similar to what passed in North Carolina , and has pigeonholed it — at least for now .
Ralph Reed , the chairman of the Faith & Freedom Coalition , argued that there does not need to be an “ inherent conflict ” between the faith community and the business community .
“ The notion that this is a Manichean choice between money and morality is largely a myth , ” he said . “ The faith community needs to be clearer about what its objectives are , and some in the business community need to stop mischaracterizing what the legislation actually does . ”
The new North Carolina law showed how , in some places , evangelicals have found a way to win , at least in the short term .
The law was passed quickly during a special legislative session , reversing civil rights protections for gay and transgender people that had been enacted in the city of Charlotte . The measure made North Carolina the first state to require transgender individuals to use the restroom that corresponds with the gender on their birth certificate . But the language also included broad limits on local anti-discrimination ordinances .
The new law has drawn loud protests from the business community and editorial pages . The National Basketball Association has threatened to move next year 's all-star game , scheduled to take place in Charlotte .
But the law has fired up evangelicals McCrory will need to boost his reelection chances this November .
“ We ca n't bow down to economic threats that risk the protection of our citizens and go against common sense and morality , ” said the Rev . Franklin Graham , son of renowned evangelist Billy Graham .
The campaign in North Carolina could hinge on how evangelicals and business leaders respond .
The state 's attorney general , Roy Cooper , a Democrat vying to unseat McCrory , on Tuesday called the law a “ national embarrassment ” and said he would not defend it in court .
The feuding will likely unfold in additional states over the coming weeks and months .
In Mississippi , the legislature could vote as early as this week on a “ First Amendment Defense Act , ” which is aimed at undercutting same-sex marriage .
Missouri 's legislature will likely vote soon to put a religious freedom measure on the ballot later this year , either in the general election or a special election . The Republicans are trying to craft something that will not draw the ire of the business lobby .
Gregg Keller , the Missouri-based GOP operative who was tasked with outreach to conservative activists on Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker 's presidential campaign last year , said the business wing should recognize that religious conservatives will not go away .
“ One of the largest cultural imperatives that helped lead to the rise of Christianity was the view of the sexually licentious nature of the Roman Empire , ” he said . “ This is not a bug of evangelical Christianity ; this is a feature . This is a hill on which evangelical Christians are going to be willing to die . ”
He added : “ The business community has caught the bull by the horns on this one . ”
Yes we managed a full day without a Ryzen news ! But , a day has passed and some new information popped up . The AMD Ryzen launch date is firm and steady on March 2nd , likely 3PM CEST . Lock that date in your agenda .
The new information was posted earlier today at sweclockers and does confirm the signals we 've been hearing for a while now . Obviously there 's an AMD Capsaicin event February the 28th . We do expect to see full product announcements that day and then on the 2nd the review embargoes will be lifted , not just for Ryzen but also for the board partners that will be selling motherboards .
At the same day AMD will be launching the X370 and B350 chipsets based motherboards first . Processors wise you 'll see three 8-core parts launched with availability on March the 2nd . Some webshops have however listed the 28th , so there remains to be a little confusion there . Motherboards wise a lot has surfaced online already , including details on the flagship Crosshair VI Hero and Prime X370 motherboards .
Processors then :
You will have noticed that the naming has been changed to Series 3 5 and 7 and no longer is it R3 , R5 and R7 . I do like that subtle simplified change . ALL models will be unlocked , AMD made that bold claim themselves in early January . The X models thus simply are better binned ones with fewer restrictions on likely voltage .
AMD Ryzen 7 1800X - 499 USD
AMD Ryzen R7 1800X is the flagship processor and it has has 8 cores with 16 threads and is assumed to get a Boost frequency of 4.00 GHz . The boost frequencies are not confirmed , but the indications we have seen the past few weeks would state a 4.0 GHz Turbo and 3.6 GHz base clock . No further data was revealed . Now keep in mind ( if the perf is close ) a similar 8-core Intel CPU would cost you about 1,200 euros , the cost for the flagship Ryzen R7 1800X processor would be 599.99 euros . These are unlocked ( multiplier ) processors .
AMD Ryzen 7 1700X - 389 USD
The next AMD Ryzen in line is the R7 1700X , this one would again get 8 cores and 16 threads but this time at a Turbo frequency of 3.80 GHz , so yes this is pretty much the same processor , just with a lower base at 3.4 GHz and Turbo frequency .
AMD Ryzen 7 1700 - 319 USD
Then there is the AMD R7 Ryzen 1700 , this would be a top-end CPU for gamers and yes , again you 'll receive an 8 core and 16 threads processor . This time at a Turbo frequency of 3.70 GHz , the most notable being that it is the only model that indicates a TDP , which is set as 65W whereas the other two would be 95 Watt parts . The base clock frequency would be 3.0 GHz .
Other models have been spotted . I personally do not think the processors listed below aside from the three aforementioned ones will launch anytime soon . Again the above three processors ( we think ) will launch first . All these processors would fit Socket AM4 and thus you can use the same motherboard .
Processor model Cores/Threads L3 Cache TDP Base Turbo Unlocked Price AMD Ryzen 7 1800X 8/16 16MB 95W 3.6GHz 4.0GHz Yes $ 499 AMD Ryzen 7 1700X 8/16 16MB 95W 3.4GHz 3.8GHz Yes $ 389 AMD Ryzen 7 1700 8/16 16MB 65W 3.0GHz 3.7GHz Yes $ 319 AMD Ryzen 5 1600X 6/12 16MB 95W 3.3GHz 3.7GHz Yes $ 259 AMD Ryzen 5 1500 6/12 16MB 65W 3.2GHz 3.5GHz Yes $ 229 AMD Ryzen 5 1400X 4/8 8MB 65W 3.5GHz 3.9GHz Yes $ 199 AMD Ryzen 5 1300 4/8 8MB 65W 3.2GHz 3.5GHz Yes $ 175 AMD Ryzen 3 1200X 4/4 8MB 65W 3.4GHz 3.8GHz Yes $ 149 AMD Ryzen 3 1100 4/4 8MB 65W 3.2GHz 3.5GHz Yes $ 129
Developer Cradle Games has announced a kickstarter for Hellpoint , an upcoming Sci-Fi RPG inspired by From Software 's Soulsborne series . It is scheduled to release early 2018 on PS4 , Xbox One and PC across Steam and GOG , DRM free .
Embark on a soul conjuring journey aboard a derelict space station and figure out the twisted series of events that led to an occult quantum catastrophe . Hunt , or be hunted by insane mobs , decadent daemons , and deep space monsters , all under the constant watch of the black hole .
You will have to navigate your way through the overrun space station that orbits in real time and changes the landscape and behaviors of the denizens depending on where it is in space . It will support splitscreen co-op and PvP and feature crafting and customization . Upon death the station and game will change around you . This all unfolds in a 3rd person combat perspective that should be familiar to Dark Souls fans .
Cradle Games is a video games studio based in Quebec , Canada founded by industry veterans , and as a studio they focus on the RPG genre . For this indie venture , they 're aiming to raise around 37,000 USD by May 9th . To back them you can check out their kickstarter page and keep an eye out for an in-depth hand on preview from us coming soon !
More News
The Canadian economy expanded 0.3 per cent in November , its strongest showing in more than half a year as factories and natural resources firms ramped up activity .
The country 's gross domestic product tallied its fastest growth since April , picking up from a tepid 0.1-per-cent showing in October , Statistics Canada said Thursday . The annual rate was 1.3 per cent .
The goods side of the economy led the better-than-expected monthly growth , with manufacturers , miners and energy companies adding to GDP . Retail trade also rose , while the accommodation and food along with the finance sector declined .
Story continues below advertisement
`` After many months of floundering growth , the Canadian economy sparked back to life in November , '' said Emanuella Enenajor , economist at CIBC World Markets , in a note .
`` Over all , an upbeat report suggesting that economic activity picked up from its fall doldrums , although still lagging potential output growth . ''
Still , activity is n't enough to alter the Bank of Canada 's downgraded forecast of a sluggish fourth quarter , noted Krishen Rangasamy , senior economist at National Bank Financial . The central bank now expects fourth-quarter growth of 1 per cent at an annual rate .
November 's reading `` is unlikely to prompt a rethink at the BoC of its recent dovish turn . ''
Goods production led November 's gains , expanding 0.6 per cent , while the services side of the economy grew 0.1 per cent .
Economists polled by Bloomberg News had anticipated monthly expansion of 0.2 per cent and a year-over-year rate of 1.4 per cent .
On three separate occasions , I stood within feet of people I knew intimately—one a best friend since adolescence , one a former lover , and one a member of my family—and I did not recognize them . Rosie who lives in Massachusetts suddenly appeared at a reading I was giving in California , and I thought , “ Why is that girl staring at me like that ? ” A man I had lived with once in Brooklyn sat across from me in a coffee shop in LA , and all I could think was , “ He 's strangely attractive. ” A green-eyed woman in a silk scarf approached me at the Port Authority Bus Terminal and said my name , smiling . I looked at her and thought , “ My mother is at least two inches taller than that woman , ” then turned and kept searching for her face in the crowd .
There is a peculiar malfunction in the brain , I think , when something deeply familiar appears in a strange context . And in fiction , this malfunction can turn into a ride through a new dimension of possibility . A character 's misperceptions can actually transform her world : paranoia is no longer a state of mind . The conspiracy is real : the girl at my reading is n't Rosie at all , but a doppelgänger sent to make me lose my mind in a public forum ; the man in the coffee shop and I fall in love again , and all the while I 'm afraid to let on that I think I know him from before—he looks just like Jeremy , talks just like him , but says his name is Andrew . Maybe I 'm crazy , and some evil spirit has taken the place of my mother—swapped bodies with her on the Greyhound bus , perhaps . Here she comes , this strange lady in a scarf , to taunt and beguile me , and to steal my soul .
After reading her Dark Tales , I think of these occasions of failed recognition as Shirley Jackson moments . In each story in the collection , the everyday world becomes tinted with an odd sheen of terror . My faith in the consistency of day-to-day life wanes as I read . Though Jackson often starts off rather benignly—her characters are never panicked from the get-go , but snake their way into states of dismay—she has a mystifying knack for illustrating the horrifying uncertainties around the basic laws of reality . Am I alone in doubting that things are n't always what they seem ? Upon awakening , I often ask myself , “ Who am I ? Where am I ? What am I doing here ? ” and from time to time , I 've felt that the answers were merely memorized responses , and that my reality might be an arbitrary dash of the imagination—believable , sure , but not entirely trustworthy .
This specific vulnerability—of the conscious , willful mind—is precisely what Jackson titillates and exacerbates in her stories . Identity , in particular , becomes flimsy and uncertain in her hands . In “ The Beautiful Stranger , ” for example , a man returns from a business trip , but is not quite sly enough to convince his wife that he 's the same person he was before he left . Similarly , in “ Louisa , Please Come Home , ” a runaway returns to her family after years living under an assumed name , but her parents have been so disabused by the fantasy of her return that they do n't recognize her . “ What is your name , dear ? ” her mother asks her . It 's not quite a case of mistaken identity , but the cruel perversion of perception and memory under duress . Do n't be hypnotized by the sanctity of the superficial rhythm of humdrum life , Jackson warns , for under the surface of things , people change , sometimes irrevocably , and yet they may appear unaltered .
Article continues after advertisement
At other times , Jackson seems to be writing about the illusory trick of fiction itself . In “ The Bus , ” a woman 's complaint to her bus driver prompts him to leave her stranded at night on an empty road . Her misadventures in search of safety and sanity take the reader on a surreal exploration of what might be just a slip of dark reverie , a bad dream as she 's dozing off in her seat—she did take a sleeping pill before she boarded the bus , after all . Or , we wonder , is she actually trapped on a circuitous passage around the hell of her own grumpy psyche ? Is the story real , or a parable for her frailty as an aging curmudgeon riding toward death ? It 's often unclear in these stories whether the eerie peaks and turns are happening in the mind or in actuality . Either way , the experience of existential insecurity is very exciting as a reader .
“ Shirley Jackson has a mystifying knack for illustrating the horrifying uncertainties around the basic laws of reality . ”
And it seems , too , that Jackson 's characters are in on the game—one 's mind always operates in the hypothetical . Fiction and fact are only delineated in the present moment . In “ What a Thought , ” a housewife sits reading a boring book and fantasizes bashing in her husband 's head with a glass ashtray . Shocked by her own violent vision , she reels into reasons to not kill him , as though to convince herself to not do it : “ What would I do without him ? she wondered . How would I live , who would ever marry me , where would I go ? ” And the next moment , Jackson delivers this bit of fascinating science from the would-be murderer 's point of view :
They say if you soak a cigarette in water overnight the water will be almost pure nicotine by morning , and deadly poisonous . You can put it in coffee and it wo n't taste .
Article continues after advertisement
“ Shall I make you some coffee ? ”
Jackson 's narrators are not freaks or psychopaths , but actually very sane people—self-possessed , observant , and highly logical . In “ Family Treasures , ” for instance , an orphaned young woman in a college dormitory systematically pilfers cherished objects from her housemates , then uses her status as a heartbroken stray to manipulate the search for the thief in every misdirection . There 's a lavishness of reason in that story—I do n't think it 's any coincidence : clarity is truly terrifying—but there is also a perversion of sense through the narrator 's self-talk and doubt and analysis . The mind runs , and its course is often rife with pitfalls .
In “ Paranoia , ” a man leaving his office for the day debates with himself about what method of transportation he ought to take to get home in time to have dinner with his wife for her birthday . The mundane anxiety over his commute mounts . As his mind swirls , his senses betray him , and he comes to believe that he is being followed by a stranger in a light hat all around the city . He evades the man in fumbling swoops via bus , taxi , subway , and on foot through the bustling streets of Manhattan , a menace on every corner . But is it the same man in a light hat that he keeps running into ? It seems impossible . The protagonist has clearly lost his mind . But by the end of the story , his delusion has superseded his suspicion and becomes the truth in the fiction : the man gets home and his wife is in on the conspiracy to capture him—why ? We do n't know . She pretends to go to the next room to make him a drink and calls someone on the phone—the man in the light hat , we suppose . “ I 've got him , ” she says . It 's terrifying .
And so Jackson asks : Dear reader , have you , too , lost your mind ? Can you ever be sure you had one to lose in the first place ? Have you ever mistaken the mew of a cat in heat for someone being murdered ? Have you ever thought you saw your own self waiting at the crosswalk as you drive past in your car ? Do you trust your own perceptions ? And how far will you walk down a road at night before the wind at your back feels like the hands of a madman pushing you forward ? Will you run ? How fast ? And whose door will you knock on ? Everything looks perfectly normal as you rush up the front steps , and maybe you 've just been spooked , maybe you 're just being silly . In Jackson 's world , the safe house is a trap . Enter it , and you might get lost in the dark .
__________________________________
Adapted from DARK TALES by Shirley Jackson , published by Penguin Classics , an imprint of Penguin Publishing Group , a division of Penguin Random House , LLC . Foreword copyright © 2017 by Ottessa Moshfegh .
The training and supervision of new prosecutors is especially crucial for instilling values . ‘ ‘ It 's disturbing when a prosecutor with a history of failing to disclose evidence has the job of overseeing the next generation of lawyers , '' says Ronald Wright , a law professor at Wake Forest and co-­author of a published study based on more than 250 interviews with prosecutors .
When Weirich took office , the director of criminal-­trial prosecutors was Tom Henderson , a longtime Shelby County prosecutor who had won major trials and helped her rise through the ranks . Henderson supervised about 50 less-­experienced lawyers , though in two death-­penalty cases in the 2000s , courts found that Henderson did not give the defense all the evidence he should have . ( In one case , the result was a mistrial , and the defendant was later acquitted . In the other , the judge found that the nondisclosures were unintentional and did n't affect the verdict . ) Then in the 2012 reversal of the murder conviction of a man named Michael Rimmer , a judge went further , finding that Henderson ‘ ‘ purposefully misled '' the defense about an eyewitness who identified an alternate suspect in a photo spread . Henderson said he simply forgot about the eyewitness identification . Still , the judge 's finding led to a public censure , in 2013 , from the Tennessee Board of Professional Responsibility , an arm of the Tennessee Supreme Court .
But Weirich kept Henderson in his supervisory role , dismissing his lapses as ‘ ‘ human error '' in the local press . ‘ ‘ It was hard enough on him personally and professionally , '' she told me . ‘ ‘ There was no reason for me to do anything else . '' ( Henderson could not be reached for comment . ) Weirich 's decision worried Lucian Pera , a Memphis lawyer and ethics expert . ‘ ‘ On any allegation of misconduct that is this serious , an office should do an internal investigation , '' Pera says . One former assistant district attorney told me that Weirich 's response ‘ ‘ made it clear that , quite honestly , she does n't believe that ethical violations are important . '' Weirich says she considers ‘ ‘ ethical violations of great importance . ''
After Noura 's conviction was overturned in 2014 , other questions arose about Weirich 's past practices at trial . Later that year , a judge ordered Weirich to testify about a murder case she tried in 2005 , in which a man named Vern Braswell was convicted of killing his wife . On appeal , a defense attorney and a prosecutor who was new to the case found a manila envelope in the files . It was labeled with a sticky note , which the lawyers said read something along the lines of ‘ ‘ do not turn over to defense '' and was signed with Weirich 's initials . When they later returned to the files to look inside the envelope , it was gone . In her testimony , Weirich denied knowing anything about the envelope . A Tennessee judge ruled last year that there was no reason to grant a new trial because the ‘ ‘ unavailability '' of any documents probably did n't prevent Braswell from presenting an effective defense .
Weirich and Jones were compelled to testify privately last winter in a challenge of a murder conviction in a capital-­punishment case . This one involved the discovery of a letter , not given to the defense at trial , in which a gang member said the defendant had been framed . Weirich 's and Jones 's statements about the letter are not yet public .
In February , the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reversed the conviction of Andrew Thomas , who was prosecuted by Weirich in a capital-­murder case in 2001 . At Thomas 's trial , Weirich asked the pivotal witness if she had ‘ ‘ collected one red cent . '' The witness said no , even though she received $ 750 from the F.B.I . for cooperating in a previous case against Thomas . Weirich said she did n't know about the payment , and federal prosecutors backed her up on that point . But the appeals court said that ‘ ‘ any competent prosecutor would have carefully reviewed the case file . ''
Noura learned that the Tennessee Supreme Court reversed her conviction on an August 2014 evening while she was watching her cellmate 's TV in prison . She had been locked up for nine years by then , and she had given up on her appeal . In the 50 years since the Brady ruling , the Tennessee Supreme Court had reversed only one conviction because the prosecution had failed to turn over evidence . But now , watching the news on mute , Noura saw her name flash across the screen . She turned up the volume and shouted for a guard to let her find the inmates who were her close friends . ‘ ‘ I was crying ; they were crying , '' she told me this past spring . ‘ ‘ No one ever wins their appeal in prison , but all of a sudden , I did . ''
NEW YORK – Sandra Day O'Connor is going from Supreme Court justice to game maker .
Delivering the keynote address Wednesday at the annual Games For Change conference at Parsons The New School For Design , O'Connor detailed a project she is spearheading called Our Courts , which she described as an `` online , interactive civic education project for seventh- and eighth-graders '' that familiarizes students with the legal system . O'Connor believes that America 's youth are n't learning enough about civics , and thinks that the educational power of videogames is just the thing to change that .
`` Only one-third of Americans can name the three branches of government , '' O'Connor said , `` but two-thirds can name a judge on American Idol . ''
`` If someone told me when I retired from court that I 'd be talking at a conference about digital gaming , I 'd think they 'd had one drink too many , '' O'Connor told the crowd of academics and gaming professionals .
Now in its fifth year , the Games For Change conference is hosted by Parsons The New School For Design and is dedicated to exploring the development of videogames that deal with social issues .
`` Of the three branches of government , the one that 's least understood is the judiciary , '' said former U.S . Senator and current New School President Bob Kerrey , introducing O'Connor .
O'Connor said that the No Child Left Behind act of 2001 has
`` effectively squeezed out civics education '' from public schools . `` We ca n't forget that the primary purpose of public schools in America is to produce citizens who have the skills and knowledge to sustain our form of government , '' she said . `` Public education is the only longterm solution to preserving an independent judiciary and constitutional democracy . ''
That 's why , O'Connor said , she wanted to work alongside University of Wisconsin-Madison professor James Paul Gee to create Our Courts , which will begin rolling out in September 2009 .
The game `` lets students engage in real issues and real problems , '' O'Connor said . It will allow them to `` step into the shoes of a judge , a legislator , an executive – teach them how to think through and analyze problems , take action and voice opinions to their elected representatives . ''
An early exercise in the game will likely deal with educating students about their First Amendment rights , using examples like Tinker v. Des Moines and the `` Bong Hits For Jesus '' case .
O'Connor said that she is `` encouraged '' to see young people becoming involved in political campaigns through the net . `` E-mailing , blogging , networking on Facebook – they can take leadership , make their voices heard through tools that belong to their generation . We need to give them ownership to allow them to interact with the material , '' she said .
Chris Kohler contributed to this report .
Photo : Associated Press/Matt York
Hospital exec charged in $ 116 million Medicare scam
An administrator at Riverside General Hospital is charged in a scam involving kickbacks to patient recruiters . An administrator at Riverside General Hospital is charged in a scam involving kickbacks to patient recruiters . Photo : Johnny Hanson , Houston Chronicle Photo : Johnny Hanson , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Hospital execs charged in $ 116 million Medicare scam 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
An executive of Riverside General Hospital was arrested and charged Wednesday in a $ 116 million Medicare scheme involving kickbacks to patient recruiters and the owners of homes for the elderly and disabled in exchange for steering residents to Riverside 's mental health clinics .
Mohammad Khan , 63 , is identified in the indictment as an administrator `` who managed and controlled the day-to-day operations of the hospital 's ( clinics ) , '' where he is accused of also plying supposed patients with cigarettes , food and coupons redeemable at the hospital 's `` country stores '' in order to entice them to therapy .
Khan , who began working for Riverside General Hospital in Houston 's Third Ward , is known as `` Dr. Khan '' by his co-workers even though it appears he is not licensed to practice medicine in Texas . He 's charged with seven counts : conspiracy to commit health care fraud , conspiracy to pay health care kickbacks and five additional health care kickbacks charges .
Riverside is not charged with any crime . Hospital spokeswoman Tasha Armstead confirmed Wednesday that Khan was Riverside 's assistant administrator and said the hospital is cooperating with authorities .
`` He has been placed in custody . He has been arrested , '' said Armstead , who declined to take more specific questions .
According to the indictment , Khan is accused of submitting , along with unnamed co-conspirators , $ 116 million in mental health claims `` purportedly provided by the hospital '' that were not medically necessary `` and in some cases , never provided . ''
Federal prosecutors claim Khan paid one patient recruiter $ 5,000 twice in 2011 so the recruiter would refer Medicare beneficiaries to Riverside General 's six Houston-area clinics offering outpatient psychiatric care , and that he paid a second recruiter $ 300 a head for each patient referral .
Clinics not licensed
The indictment further claims he paid the owner of a group home $ 3,900 in exchange for referring residents to the hospital .
A Houston Chronicle investigation last year documented the continuing flow of federal taxpayer dollars to for-profit mental health clinics , known as partial hospitalization programs , or PHPs , even though they require no license to operate in Texas and collect millions from Medicare .
Texas , Louisiana and Florida , which generate 76 percent of all PHP claims to Medicare , are states well-known as high-fraud areas to the dollar-doling federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
Must hire own lawyer
Of the approximately $ 50 million in Medicare spent during 2010 on outpatient psychiatric clinics in Texas , more than 75 percent went to Harris County .
Data obtained by the Chronicle through the Freedom of Information Act indicates Riverside General Hospital received more than $ 6 million in 2010 from Medicare for PHP claims .
A disheveled Khan appeared before U.S. Magistrate Nancy Johnson , asking that the court pay for an attorney for him . After revealing he has a 1998 Lexus , has between $ 3,000 and $ 8,000 in his bank account and was paid $ 5,000 a month by Riverside , Johnson denied his request . She gave him until Thursday to find an attorney , and he is to report back at 10 a.m .
He remains in federal custody .
Federal agents descended on the hospital at 3204 Ennis , leaving with boxes of records .
They have requested records from at least one of the hospital 's clinics , the Riverside General Devotions Care Solutions , a psychiatric clinic at 7655A Bellfort , a source told the Chronicle .
Attempts to contact the operator of the clinic — Earnest Gibson IV , son of Riverside 's administrator Earnest Gibson III — were unsuccessful . There was no answer at the clinic Wednesday .
The younger Gibson is a former business associate of Julian Vence Kimble , who pleaded guilty last year to masterminding an $ 8 million Medicare fraud scheme in which he used four private ambulance companies to ferry fake patients to mental clinics .
A message left for the elder Gibson early Wednesday was not returned .
Bob Moos , a Dallas spokesman for Medicare , declined to comment on the ongoing investigation .
Hospital dates to 1926
Riverside , licensed as a general hospital by the Texas Department of State Health Services , opened its doors in 1926 as the Houston Negro Hospital with seed money from Joseph
Cullinan , the founder of the Texas Company , which became Texaco . Cullinan helped build the hospital as a memorial to his son , who had led African-American soldiers during World War I .
In 1961 , it was renamed Riverside General Hospital . In 2010 , Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee helped secure a $ 1 million Department of Defense grant for the treatment of active-duty troops and veterans for post-traumatic stress disorder .
Last year , FEMA approved $ 19 million in funds for Hurricane Ike repairs at the hospital 's Edith Irby Jones Facility , located next door to the Devotions clinic .
terri.langford @ chron.com
twitter.com/tlangford
Tirane , DECEMBER 2014
The first residential shelter for LGBTI who are left homeless , suffer domestic violence because of their sexual orientation or gender identity , or live in a non safe environment was open in Tirana , marking a milestone for the human rights movement in Albania . Through this temporary housing , beneficiaries will be offered different services including life skills training , vocational training opportunities and psycho-social support .
Two Albanian organizations , “ Aleanca LGBT ” and “ ProLGBT ” , have come together in their efforts to offer this unique service . Streha , meaning “ the Shelter ” , is the first shelter for LGBT individuals in the Balkan region and one of the first in Eastern Europe .
Upon opening , Streha was visited by the Minister of Social Welfare and Youth , Mr. Erion Veliaj ; the British Ambassador in Tirana , Mr. Nicholas Cannon OBE ; Deputy chief of Mission at the US Embassy in Tirana , Mr. Henry V. Jardine ; Program Director at USAID/Albania , Ms. Clare Masson ; Executive Director of State Agency for Supporting Civil Society organizations , Mr. Andi Kananaj ; and Executive Director of Assist Impact , Mrs. Matty Timm .
Xheni Karaj and Kristi Pinderi guided the guests through the newly renovated facilities of the shelter and shared with them the challenges this service might face .
Karaj said that “ this is a concrete service we are offering for those people of the community who should not feel any more obligated to live under threats and violence of their own families and their communities . Now they have a new solution for whenever they feel in risk ” .
While Pinderi stressed that , “ the violence against LGBT people is not necessary shown daily at the streets . That violence is a hidden and systematic one inside family environment , schools and other spaces , so for this reason “ STREHA ” is above all a service for the LGBTI victims of domestic violence ” .
Minister Veliaj said that the “ National Social Services will get enriched with this independent newly service for LGBTI people ” , because according to him , “ there is no difference if someone is being persecuted after being trafficked for sexual exploitation , there is no difference if someone is persecuted by a violent family member , and there is no difference if someone is being abused because of his or her sexual orientation or gender identity ! And because there is no difference when human rights are violated we also do n't see any difference in the way we should serve to those people whom human rights are violated ” . “ A European Albania ” , he added , “ is a country where everyone is represented ” .
USAID is the main supporter of this pilot project through its implementing partner “ Assist Impact ” . Assist Impact , an Albanian NGO , focuses on building the organizational capacity of Albanian NGOs , associations , and even government agencies . Over the past year , Assist Impact has worked with both ProLGBT and Aleanca LGBT to become more efficient in managing complex projects like the shelter .
At USAID , supporting the LGBT community is not only a matter of human rights , but also critical to holistic , comprehensive , and inclusive development . USAID/Albania is proud to support the development of LGBT rights organizations as they launch this innovative and critical service .
AMSHC ( State Agency for Supporting Civil Society ) is also a co-founder of the project while the British Embassy has facilitated a set of trainings from the “ Albert Kennedy Trust ” , a foundation running LGBTI shelters in UK since 1989 .
British Ambassador said : “ This service is part of the lives of particular people who are in their journey of discovering themselves and get fully integrated , so for that reason this project will be a huge achievement which we fully support ” .
Mr. Jardine congratulated the Albanian NGOs ProLGBT and Aleanca LGBT in their efforts to make possible this service . He said : “ We are very glad as US Embassy that our USAID office working with Assist Impact can cooperate with the Ministry here and UK Embassy in helping the two organizations that are trying to provide shelter for LGBTI in Albania which is clearly a community that need support ” .
The primary service offered by “ STREHA ” will be the housing of LGBTI people for a maximum period of 6 months , including medical assistance when needed . Based on individual plans the shelter will draft and implement a daily and periodic program for each beneficiary that will include vocational and life skill trainings , social and cultural activities , etc . The shelter will also negotiate with state and private institutions to provide employment for beneficiaries . With 12 professional staff members the shelter has a capacity of 8 beds ( four for men and four for women ) and estimates providing more than 2000 bed-nights for people in need .
For more information please visit www.strehalgbt.al
The 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal announced early this month is a significant agreement that accounts for 40 % of global economy , Union Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said .
`` It is one of the major agreements because it covers 40 % of the world economy , '' Sitharaman said after she was given a detailed presentation on the recently agreed TPP by senior US officials at a very short notice request from India .
`` We wanted to be informed on the developments in TPP . The presentation was very useful , '' she said , adding that at this stage India just wanted to have more information about TPP .
`` At this stage , India is engaging with many many groups to have free trade agreements , preferential trade agreements . And while doing this , in the process , we certainly also want to be informed on what happened at TPP , '' she said in response to a question .
The US , Japan and ten other Pacific Rim nations this month reached final agreement on the largest regional trade accord in history .
`` We are understanding what TPP is all about . This was the first presentation . I think it is too early to comment on the details of it . I have to go back , look into what is being presented , go through it and then probably comment on it , '' she said and refrained to respond to questions if India intends to join the grouping or if it is in the interest of India .
Because of an agreement it talks of more than WTO issues , it is interesting to know that it has made space for diverse members , Sitharaman told reporters after the conclusion of the US-India Trade Policy Forum meeting here , which was co-chaired by US Trade Representative Mike Froman .
`` Can India afford to be not a member of TPP '' she was asked . `` At this stage , India is engaging with many many groups , '' she replied .
Seven of the ARSEP ( ASEAN Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership ) members which consists of ASEAN and ASEAN FTA countries are party to the TPP .
`` If everything goes fine somewhere in 2016 we should be near an agreement , '' she said .
`` India is looking at a block , or looking at two blocks which will consist of the majority of our trading partners . So obviously we need to understand its ( TPP ) contours and that is why , before a month has passed after the TTP has been agreed upon , we have come here to understand . We get to know from the US what really are the substantive part of the TPP , '' she added .
< Previous Product [ Product 3/12 ] Next Product > GBA Afterburner Kit ( Backlit )
Click to Enlarge Our Price Only :
£37.99
Out Of Stock
Back-Order ships when stock arrives
Product ID Number : uk1110 Product Features The perfect light for you Game Boy Advance Original from PortableMonopoly.com We will include a free GBA Opening Tool screwdriver which is not included in the standard set available elsewhere Description The afterburner kit is an internal light designed to fit inside an existing GBA system as a modification . No longer will you need to hassle with external lights or deal with the annoyance of glare when trying to play your Game Boy Advance . A full color manual is included with the Afterburner kit that will outline the steps necessary to perform this modification in clear and simple terms . This modification requires the usage of a soldering device , and a small amount of plastic will have to be cut from the inner casing of the system to make room for the light ( this is not visible from the outside of the system ) . You will need the following items to perform the installation ( these are not included with the kit ) : 1 . A soldering iron/gun 2 . Solder 3 . A tri-wing screwdriver or 1/16 '' flathead screwdriver ( update : INCLUDED 4 . Wire Strippers 5 . Cutting/Shaving device What 's in the box The Afterburner light A full color manual A brightness dial Wire Anti-reflective film free GBA Opening Tool Screwdriver ( usually priced at GBP £6.99 and included free of charge in the set only at Gibsoft.com )
Tell a Friend Email :
Notify me of updates to GBA Afterburner Kit ( Backlit )
Date Product Last Updated : Thursday 14 February , 2019
– Jesús De Pablos , 10/09/2008
Cuando llegará este producto – Gary Jones , 03/09/2004
I bought one of these for my GBA . It is relatively easy to install if you are happy soldering ( get a fine tipped soldering iron as 2 wires need to be soldered onto the motherboard of the GBA ) , however there is a process of sticking an anti-glare film onto the LCD screen which is very difficult to keep dust free . Also the slightest particle anywhere near the LCD screen and the cases own plastic cover show up really bad . Given the choice I would not buy this product again , it allows the GBA to be used in the dark but you loose quite abit of quality in the daylight . For the price just part chopping your GBA for a GB SP , which Im doing as soon as I remove the afterburner kit . Displaying 1 to 2 ( of 2 reviews )
Icardi : ‘ Inter for life ! '
By Football Italia staff
Inter captain Mauro Icardi confirms “ I want to stay here forever ” , and aims for the Champions League .
The striker has been repeatedly linked with a move away from the Nerazzurri , but is now pledging his loyalty to the club .
“ I 've been asked this question many times… ” Icardi said , answering fan 's questions on Inter Channel 's Facebook page .
“ I want to stay here forever . I 'm the captain of this great club , I 'm happy in Milan and so are my family . I hope to have a long career with Inter .
“ The Champions League ? I want to play in it with Inter , we hope to be ready .
“ I expect a lot [ from this team ] we have the skills and qualities to do great things . The club is doing great things to help the team .
“ The first thing we felt from them was the desire to bring Inter back to where we were in the past and win a lot of things .
“ They 'll try to improve us every year , bringing in players who can help the team . ”
Icardi was also asked if he feels he can still improve .
“ I can always improve , there 's still a lot of room to do that as I 'm only 24 .
“ Where can I improve ? They say I do n't help the team score goals but I 've provided eight assists . I can improve in a lot of things though . ”
A recent study published in the Journal of Applied Psychology has found that parents were less likely to give their babies common names in times of economic hardship , based on baby names before , during , and after the Great Recession .
Individuals and culture influence each other all the time . Important parts of culture is the importance placed on the individual versus the community , as well as economic factors like unemployment rate and income inequality . This study examined the effects of economic and cultural conditions on behavior by analyzing baby names . The percentage of babies receiving common names is indicative of a more community based mentality , whereas babies with uncommon or unique names point to individualism . Analyzing names is a useful way to examine behavior , as “ naming practices are behaviors embedded with cultural values. ” Naming a child not only reflects social and cultural values , but also acts as the first act of transferring one 's culture onto a new generation .
There are three possible models for changes in naming over time . The first model , the Communal Deprivation model , predicts that parents will name children common names during recession years , as economic hardship decreases individualism . The second model , the Threat Model , suggests that economic hardship leads to more individualized names . Terror management theory suggests that threats ( possibly including economic hardship ) move people to value the parts of their culture that provide meaning . Finally , the Individualism Model suggests that increasing cultural individualism and its after-effect will extend the decline in common names into and after the recession .
The current research examined “ the link between economic conditions and naming behavior by examining trends before , during , and after the Great Recession and links between economic conditions and naming behaviors over a longer time period. ” The study used the names from the Social Security Administration , which has the names of 350 million American babies born between 1880 and 2015 . The study controlled for immigration , both legal and illegal . Researchers took into account two states , California ( where housing prices dropped ) and Texas ( where housing prices remained relatively stable ) , in order to see if there was a significant impact of economic conditions on naming , or if naming was more of a cyclical trend and not connected to the state of the economy .
The study found American parents were “ less likely to give their children common names during the years of the Great Recession compared to the years immediately before it , including boys ' and girls ' names at all levels of popularity. ” The decline of common names was similar in both California and Texas , which were affected differently by the recession . These results are supported best by the Individualism model , as economic conditions were not the primary reason for the trends in baby names .
This study suggests that naming trends are an indicator of the cultural environment in the United States , specifically the focus on individualism . Some of the trend could be attributed to the perceived threat level in terms of the economy , which could lead to parents wanting their children to stand out . One limitation of the study is the Social Security Administration database , where different spellings of names are registered as different names entirely . Even then , the need to spell a name differently is also an indicator of a desire for uniqueness .
Rocket blast are loud , bright and , well , anything but subtle . That 's the whole point , really . It takes a heck of a lot of firepower to slip the surly bonds of earth and dance the skies on laughter-silvered wings ( I 'm told ) . Of course , such explosiveness is tough to shoot with a standard camera . So NASA did the NASA thing and built a camera capable of capturing the subtle complexity of the fiery burst .
The HiDyRS-X camera was created by members of NASA Space Technology Mission Directorate 's Early Career Initiative , a program designed to give fresh-faced engineers the opportunity to work on big projects with more experienced peers .
The high-tech camera stitches together multiple slow exposures shot simultaneously to create some truly high dynamic range video , capturing the rocket booster without getting blown out by the bright lights . NASA rolled the camera out for a recent test of its Qualification Motor 2 booster in Promontory , Utah , and the results are seriously breathtaking .
A silent three-minute video of the test is mesmerizing , and , frankly , unreal , purpleish clouds pulsate and swirl across the vibrating landscape . The test was the largest scale of its kind of the camera , “ several orders of magnitude ” more intense than what the team had shot before , but the camera clearly did its job , capturing previously unseen elements of the rocket blast .
via The Verge
Former Carrier employee Kipp Glenn in Indianapolis on July 20 . “ It 's scary for a blue-collar worker today , ” he said . “ Some of us feel like we 're too old to go back into the educational realm , to learn anything new , and yet too young to retire. ” ( Chris Bergin/For The Washington Post )
Kipp Glenn grew tired of standing for eight-hour shifts , assembling steel furnace doors . His knees ached from 25 years on the concrete factory floor . So even after President Trump made his job at Carrier a symbol of American prosperity and vowed to save it , the Indiana native took a buyout .
“ What we want to call ‘ blue-collar jobs ' are on the way out , ” he said .
At a time when the Trump administration argues that creating manufacturing jobs is a critical national goal — even coordinating with states on generous subsidy packages to woo blue-collar employers — many factory workers are making a surprising decision : They 're quitting .
Government data shows workers in the sector are giving up their jobs at the fastest pace in a decade . That 's a powerful sign , economists say , that workers think they can find work elsewhere .
Part of this confidence stems from the nation 's 4.3 percent unemployment rate , a 16-year low . But they say they also fear robots zapping jobs in the future , while many workers have tucked away savings from union-championed raises and retirement benefits .
Former Carrier employee Brenda Battle talks to T.J. Bray at Sully 's Sports Bar & Grill in Indianapolis on July 20 . ( Chris Bergin/For The Washington Post )
Leaving steady work , of course , carries risks , and some who quit may elect to stay in the field . As Trump and other politicians have argued , manufacturing pay has historically provided higher wages and more benefits than other types of blue-collar work . And there is no guarantee that these workers , who often possess just a high school diploma , will not encounter new challenges in an economy that favors those with more education . Many others who have been forced out of the industry over the past 20 years because of increased automation and outsourcing have struggled to find equally rewarding work .
Still , analysts say , the increase of people departing reflects a healthy adjustment in an industry that is likely to shrink as technology advances .
“ It 's not this apocalyptic scenario that a lot of people make it out to be , ” said Michael R. Strain , director of economic policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute , a right-leaning Washington think tank . “ We should n't be talking about these workers like they 're helpless . ”
‘ It 's scary '
Carrier came to the nation 's attention last year when Trump excoriated it for sending jobs to Mexico . The company ultimately agreed to preserve some jobs , thanks to a deal with the state government in Indiana — worked out with the Trump team — but some layoffs were still permitted to move forward .
Nearly half of the 337 employees who left Carrier on July 20 in a wave of planned job reductions did so willingly , citing a belief that automation threatened their job security and that they could find or make better work . They also seized a severance package that included a week of pay for every year at the company .
Since Trump declared his candidacy , more factory workers have left their jobs than have been laid off or fired , according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . The share of employees voluntarily leaving the industry has climbed from 1.1 percent to 1.6 percent since June 2015 . ( During that period , the broader economy 's quitting rate barely budged , from 2 percent to 2.1 percent . )
That translates to a hefty pile of resignations . In June , the most recent month of data available , 194,000 factory workers quit their jobs , while 29,000 retired and 101,000 were dismissed .
( The Washington Post )
Analysts can not say whether the employees are fleeing for better paychecks , hopping to another assembly line or exiting the workforce entirely . Overall , manufacturing employment has been growing slowly .
Of those who left jobs at Carrier , one worker took the buyout last month to launch his own concierge business . Another chose to focus on his homemade talk show . Another aims to work as a caregiver , placing her faith in lottery tickets .
And Glenn , 53 , is going back to school .
“ I did n't want to suffer another 15 years in there , ” he said .
Glenn said he noticed robots creeping into the plant about 18 months ago . A blue-and-gray machine bumped him to another spot in the factory , he said , which pushed a younger employee into a lower-paid role . ( Carrier did not comment on the factory 's technological changes . )
“ We would have to be ignorant to look away from automation , ” he said . “ It 's taking things over . ”
He took advantage of the company 's education benefits to study psychology online at Virginia 's Liberty University . Glenn , who also works as a pastor , loves coaching people through life 's problems — marital spats , anxiety about the future — and said he feels especially attuned to fears that commonly arise on the factory floor .
“ It 's scary for a blue-collar worker today , ” he said . “ Some of us feel like we 're too old to go back into the educational realm , to learn anything new , and yet too young to retire . I want to help them . ”
Industry 's churn
The United States has shed about 5 million manufacturing jobs over the past two decades . Trump campaigned to reverse the trend , blaming the job losses on trade deals with Mexico and China .
In an early sign of his economic priorities as president , he visited the Carrier plant in December and claimed to have persuaded the company to keep jobs in the United States rather than send them to Mexico .
The president took credit for another manufacturing deal last month , telling reporters at the White House that he had met with Foxconn executives in a bid to get the Taiwanese giant to build a new flat-screen-display factory in southeastern Wisconsin — a deal that relies on a $ 3 billion state incentives package .
Trump has said his efforts will restore the sector to its former glory , but Christian Zimmermann , an analyst at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis , said the bigger picture is more complicated .
“ People had the impression that manufacturing was shrinking because people were getting fired , ” he said . “ But there is a lot of churn going on . People are quitting to take other jobs . ”
Charlotte Oslund , a statistician at BLS who follows employment changes , said these quitting workers might be costly for companies , but they 're a sign that people are chasing more-lucrative positions .
“ You want to see a lot of quits , actually , ” she said . “ It 's a good thing for workers and the economy . ”
In Indianapolis , where the unemployment rate rests at a tight 2.8 percent — significantly lower than the nation 's overall level — job seekers encounter “ help wanted ” signs on streets and billboards .
“ We are hearing from employers all across different sectors who are struggling to find the talent they need , ” said Angela Carr Klitzsch , chief executive of EmployIndy , an economic development group that helps train displaced workers .
Finding work that pays well with only a high school diploma , however , could prove challenging , Carr Klitzsch admitted . Median hourly pay for manufacturing workers in the United States is $ 26 , while service roles can start at minimum wage .
Temporary deal
T.J. Bray , a Carrier employee who is keeping his job , said he is grateful for his position at the factory , which allows him to support his 7-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter . His family just enjoyed a Florida vacation , he said .
“ I applaud Mr. Trump for putting us in the national spotlight , ” said Bray , 33 . “ I wo n't be able to leave here and get on somewhere else making $ 26 an hour . ”
Other Carrier workers say Trump 's mission to revive old-school manufacturing seems futile .
Andre Moore , who has logged nearly 13 years at the factory , said he never saw the president 's deal as permanent .
“ What Trump actually did was bought more time , ” he said . “ The economy is phasing out these jobs . It 's not like it used to be , where my grandfather and uncle could actually retire . ”
Moore , 44 , took the buyout in July to expand his construction business — he specializes in decks and porches — and to create a concierge service , booking hotel rooms and cabs for business people who visit Indianapolis .
“ If you 're not happy with what goes on , ” Moore said , “ you have to put yourself in a situation where you can succeed . ”
Taj Longino , a 38-year-old who also quit Carrier last month , said he wants to turn his radio show from a passion project to a moneymaker . He spent 13 years at the company , putting together furnace parts by day while interviewing celebrities about marriage and politics in his spare time .
“ The minute they offered the severance package , it was a no-brainer for me , ” Longino said . “ I needed to free up time to pursue what I wanted to do . ”
He runs “ The Taj Longino Show ” out of his house , broadcasting it online with equipment he bought and help from a crew of friends . When musicians roll into town , he meets them at concert venues . His favorite interview so far , he said , was with the hip-hop group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony .
“ We want to take the brand seriously until it 's generating income , ” he said . “ We 're trying to get that official sponsor . ”
Brenda Battle , 55 , also took the buyout in July after a ­quarter-century of working at Carrier .
She said she got lonely after a robot arrived , making her two-person job a one-person job . She disliked the absence of friendly chatter and named the machine after a five-letter expletive .
“ That thing was scary , ” she said .
Battle has savings and good luck with scratch-offs — one netted her $ 3,000 — and she recently made $ 900 in two hours at a nearby casino .
For extra cash , she wants to become a caretaker . She already does chores for her elderly father .
“ It would be something that would n't be strenuous , ” she said . “ Senior companions . I could take them to their doctors appointments . Grocery store . Fix them a meal . ”
On her last day at Carrier , she beamed .
“ Today was my day , ” she said , sipping a Bud Light at a bar near the factory . “ I had good times . I had bad times . But today , for me , was the best . ”
Indian operator Bharti Airtel has raised the prickly issue of net neutrality with social networks , after a senior executive at the telecom giant claimed that Web-based companies should share revenues in exchange for using operators ' expensive infrastructure .
Speaking to The Hindu 's Business Line supplement , Jagbir Singh , Director of Network Services Group , called the situation “ unfair ” and revealed that Facebook , Twitter and Google account for nearly 40 percent of its overall data traffic :
Today , Google , Yahoo ! and others are enjoying at the cost of network operator . We are the ones investing in setting up data pipes and they make the money . There is interconnection for voice then why not for data . Network is capital intensive , we have to pay for spectrum and voice revenue is coming down . At the same time , companies like Google , which have not invested more than a few billion dollars , are enjoying valuations that are ten times that of a traditional telecom player . It 's an unfair game . They are completely bypassing the telecom operator . There should be a fair revenue share
The argument is n't new but the comments from Bharti — which has 250 million subscribers worldwide , 183 million of which are in India — are among the more explicit from an operator .
Net neutrality is a growing issue across a number of countries worldwide , particularly those in which mobile Internet usage is catching ( or has already overtaken ) that of the fixed-line Web .
To that point , India 's mobile Internet traffic looks set to pass fixed-line by the end of the year , which — thanks to increased sales of Web-enabled phones — will continue to place increased pressure on the country 's networks .
However , in Korea , where network infrastructure and adoption is somewhat more advanced than Japan , the situation has already resulted in Web-based service being throttled by operators fearful of the additional strain and competition over revenue streams .
It remains to be seen how things will develop in India , particularly as initial 4G rollouts — which Bharti kicked off — remain limited to dongles , with mainstream traction ( and support for 4G-devices ) unlikely for another year or two .
Bharti recently showed its keenness to link up with Web players when it agreed to a deal to pre-load Opera 's mobile browser onto devices across its global network , which covers 17 countries .
Image via Flickr / Zabethanne
Read next : UK 4G spectrum auction process to begin late 2012 , bidding to start early 2013
Sally Anscombe via Getty Images
While we give the mothers in our lives their well-deserved thanks and recognition , this Mother 's Day , let 's remember something very important about motherhood : It 's not a given . Not every woman wants to be a mom .
Despite our culture 's deeply held belief that women are uniquely wired to want children , the notion of maternal instinct is a myth . Evidence for the idea that women are innately drawn to having children is scant , if it exists at all .
Not one of the over 700 entries in Sage Publishing 's Encyclopedia of Motherhood is dedicated to the concept of maternal instinct . Professor Maria Vicedo-Castello reviewed the history of scientific views about maternal instinct and concluded that “ there is no scientific evidence to claim that there is a maternal instinct that automatically gives women the desire to have children , makes women more emotional than men , confers upon them a higher capacity for nurturance , and makes them better equipped to rear children than men . ”
If women were really born with a maternal instinct , we would see birth rates stay the same through the years . Even the feminist movement of the 1960s and ‘ 70s that expanded educational and workforce opportunities for many women should n't change which women decide to be parents . But childfree adulthood has been on the rise since then .
Pixababy CC
What we think of as maternal instinct comes from our culture rather than our nature . Children – and girls in particular – are taught from a very young age that one of the most important things they can do when they grow up is become parents . A web search for “ girls ' toys ” and “ boys ' toys ” quickly reveals that parenthood is girls ' domain .
Perpetuating the myth of maternal instinct harms all women , whether they have children or not .
Women who choose to have children are told that it 's the most important thing they do . It is no accident that pressure on mothers to intensively nurture their children increased at the very time more women began working outside the home . As women 's labor force participation grew , their share of the work at home did not decline . Instead , women became subject to an ideology which holds that good mothering means labor-intensive mothering .
While mothers are pressured to intensively parent , women who opt out of parenthood are treated as social pariahs . We 're told that the most important job any woman can hold is motherhood , that childfree women are selfish , and even that they 're bad for America .
Kelly , a pediatrician in her early 40s who I interviewed for my study of the childfree , told me , “ It can be isolating to be a woman without kids . I think people do n't really get where I 'm coming from. ” Amber , a communications specialist in her mid 30s told me , “ Men look at me like - not actually like there 's something wrong with me , but like what 's up with me , why am I like this . It 's like they 're trying to figure out what happened to me that I do n't want kids . Like there 's something weird going on with my womanhood . ”
As I childfree woman myself , I 've been told by complete strangers that I have made a selfish choice and will one day regret it .
Nevertheless , some women do feel compelled for reasons they can not always articulate to have children . And , in the absence of an easy explanation , it 's understandable to believe that natural instinct is the reason . But the more we look into it , the more we find that 's not the case .
On May 14th , let 's recognize the women who have opted to take on the difficult work of good mothering by giving them credit for their choice and their efforts . Our gratitude will be appreciated much more than were we to discount motherhood as what happens naturally without their intentional effort .
The police laughed when I said I had a woman stalker . But she 's cost me my home , my girlfriend and my sanity
Traumatised : Pete Cashmore is still suffering from having a stalker
My home , my relationship , my peace of mind . I have lost all three in the past few years through no fault of my own . But if I admit the reason , I have no doubt your reactions will vary from incredulity to derision .
This is part of the difficulty of being the male victim of a female stalker : people find it amusing . How can a 6ft 3in , 39-year-old man fear a woman ? Surely , I should be flattered by the attention ?
I 've even had similar jibes from the police .
But there 's nothing funny about the continuing campaign that is gradually erasing all that is good from my life .
I first told my story in this newspaper nearly two years ago , thinking it would act as a cathartic full stop .
But this month — Thursday , February 21 , to be precise — it will be four years since it all began and my stalker is still going strong .
Now I find myself wondering , pleading : when will it stop ? No matter what kind of ‘ revenge ' my stalker intended to wreak , she has achieved it tenfold . If it was to keep me from seeing other women , it has certainly worked . I am a self-conscious shell of my former self , always looking over my shoulder and unable to trust anyone .
If it was to make me miserable , that has worked , too . I am jittery and suffer from nightmares . In short , the misery she has caused me is indelibly marked on my character . Her campaign changed me from a confident individual into someone who feels frightened if a cat miaows at night .
I first met my stalker , Karen , a not unattractive woman in her 40s , at my local pub in the summer of 2008 . She had recognised me as being a member of the same dating website as her .
The second time was after I had split up with my then girlfriend . I had gone to the same pub to drown my sorrows . We went back to my house and she stayed the night .
I have never regretted a one-night stand — or my typically male response — more .
The next morning , I knew something was wrong when Karen woke me to say that she loved me . Rather than nipping these unreciprocated feelings in the bud , I ignored her emails and texts . Cue her thirst for revenge .
A week later , she turned up drunk at my home on the first of about 30 occasions I 'm aware of . It was around closing time , she was slurring and begging entry .
After this , she would ring my mobile and hammer on my front door . This was followed by abusive voicemails and hand-delivered letters begging for forgiveness .
At this point , my friends were still finding the whole episode hilarious and I reluctantly joined in the joke .
' I am a self-conscious shell of my former self , always looking over my shoulder and unable to trust anyone '
That was until Karen 's onslaught turned particularly nasty in May 2010 . She forced her way through the door of my flat to shout abuse in my face , and I felt I had no choice but to involve the police .
Karen 's response was to tell them that I had drugged and sexually assaulted her . Nothing compares to the anxiety of having a fictitious allegation of sexual assault against you . Not to mention the impotent rage at the injustice .
I dreaded ending up in court and losing my job as a magazine editor .
Three months later , Karen received a harassment warning prohibiting her from contacting me .
It was n't until December that the police phoned to say no more action would be taken against me over the alleged assault because , unsurprisingly , Karen 's statement had n't made sense .
Still , the matter was n't over . Her campaign began again in earnest after I wrote my first piece for this newspaper two years ago .
I received many positive responses but — and perhaps I should have expected this — Karen 's was not one of them .
Nightmare continues : Karen started stalking Pete after a one-night stand four years ago ( posed by model )
The article seemed to crystallise her desire for revenge . What had previously been a cycle of late-night visits , texts and phone calls every few weeks turned into a barrage every few days .
By now , I knew that the best approach was to bide my time and collect evidence against her . Then , in July 2011 , I embarked on a relationship with someone I had admired from afar for five years .
Thankfully , this meant I spent less time at my home in Tulse Hill , south London , because I stayed with my girlfriend instead . It was n't easy , though . A few times , when I woke to find a woman lying next to me , I leapt out of bed in fright .
On other occasions my girlfriend had to soothe me when I woke a shivering , sweaty mass and gasping for breath . She was always calm and understanding , but it ca n't have been a comfortable experience sleeping next to me .
As for Karen , the tipping point came one Thursday evening in August . She turned up on my doorstep again and I was able to film her on my mobile phone .
She hurled the usual abuse , but this time mentioned my newspaper article , calling it a ‘ rant ' — which she seemed to know off by heart .
' A message flashed up on the screen : 'Do n't get too drunk tomorrow night , you never know who might be watching '
Her mistake was confessing : saying ‘ There 's a reason I 'm stalking you ' while the camera was rolling .
The next day I returned to the police station . I was given my third case officer , who this time was very supportive ( the first one I 'd been given found the whole thing amusing ) . She assured me that I had gathered enough to prosecute .
As well as the video footage from my phone , there were six abusive text messages — complete with telltale mangled spelling , and four voicemails which included warbled singing .
Karen was arrested in October 2011 and I was given two options : either to proceed through the courts , or she would be cautioned instantly and all my evidence would be recorded as indisputable fact .
I thought long and hard and eventually opted for the second approach , on condition that the police make it clear to Karen that the matter stopped there . I was too weary to take it further .
For a while , Karen kept her side of the bargain . I began to reclaim composure as weeks passed without contact .
I began to think that my life was getting back on track . But I made the mistake of doing a favour for a friend by contributing to a television documentary he was making about stalking . For some reason it seemed to reactivate the trauma . The nightmares returned and I started to feel vulnerable again.Worse were the uncontrollable , out-of-character rages that came upon me without warning — often directed at my parents , my best friends and my girlfriend , who was growing increasingly exasperated .
One incident I remember happened when I was walking down the street and a cyclist nearly crashed into me .
Yes , it was an unnerving experience — dangerous , even — but it was an accident . It certainly did n't merit the five-minute torrent of abuse I hurled at him .
By New Year , my girlfriend and I were rowing regularly , always at my instigation . Even though I went to see a therapist ( the third since the stalking began ) , it was n't enough to save our relationship . In February 2012 I decided I had to go it alone .
Digital harassment : Pete has been bombarded with texts , emails and Facebook messages ( posed by model )
Looking back , this was the latest in a series of baffling decisions and I 'm not sure my girlfriend will ever understand . But I knew , deep down , that my anger and anguish were not safe for her . I was close to suicidal .
When I explained everything to my therapist , she said I was suffering post-traumatic stress disorder .
She advised me that what I needed to recover from my ordeal were time and distance . The former would take care of itself , the latter would mean moving house .
Until that point I had always resisted because it felt like losing.Why should I be forced to leave the area I 'd grown to love because of Karen ? But I ended my rental contract and found another place in a different part of town .
If anything , my new flat is nicer than the old one , though it does n't have that intangible feeling of ‘ home ' . Yet I remained in limbo because on December 30 last year — 14 months after Karen received her caution — she reappeared .
I was sitting at home playing online Scrabble — you can play it with strangers on Facebook — when a message from a player flashed up on the screen : ‘ Do n't get too drunk tomorrow night , you never know who might be watching . '
TORMENT Around 120,000 people , mostly women , are stalked each year , a 2012 parliamentary inquiry found
She was going under the name of ‘ Sarah ' and went on to say that she was a friend of Karen 's who was n't happy about the trouble I 'd caused her . She said she knew where I lived and worked , then threatened me with mention of a boyfriend : ‘ Do n't add to his anger if you 're smart . '
I must admit my first reaction was of elation . I really thought this would be enough to put her in prison at last . But when I went to the police , I was told that Facebook is a law unto itself . There was nothing they could do .
The officer advised me to close my profile and stop playing the game .
‘ Absolutely not , ' I said .
For me , it was a bridge too far . It might be hard for others to understand , but I 'd already had to move flat and change all my contact details . I could n't let Karen take that away from me as well . I had to draw the line somewhere .
A month on , I still receive sporadic online messages which I have to ignore . The police have said that if she really did know where I lived , she would have paid a visit — and that undoubtedly she will trip herself up one day . This is reassuring and frustrating in equal measure .
As the four-year ‘ anniversary ' approaches , I would like to tell my stalker that there will be no happy ending for her : I am not going to confess to something I did n't do and neither will I suddenly whisk her off her feet .
The only possible conclusion , if she continues , is her winding up in jail . Surely , this will be enough to put a stop to it ?
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A former Glee actor and singer who revealed he is transgender has spoken for the first time since his coming out .
The actor , who is now known as Jake Zyrus , said he never wanted to step on stage again not as a man .
Zyrus began work on the musical hit in its second season , starring in the role of Sunshine Corazon , a foreign exchange student .
Speaking to Philippino publication The Inquirer , Zyrus said transitioning was a natural process .
“ I just went with the flow , as always .
“ I had to wait , because I knew it was n't going to be easy , ” he said .
“ What I was sure of , though , was that I wanted to present the real me the next time I stepped onstage .
“ What pushed me was seeing other people having a hard time telling the world who they truly are . ”
The singer , originally from the Philippines , added : “ They 're the reason why I did this – aside from personal reasons , of course .
“ It 's a screen name for now , but the fact that people are calling me by that name is a big deal for me as a transman .
“ I hope to eventually change my name officially , but not anytime soon – that 's a complicated process .
“ I 'd choose a different name , if that time ever comes . ”
Since the star revealed the next stage in his journey and his new name , he has taken to social media to thank all his fans for their support .
“ My first tweet as Jake . Overwhelmed . Saw all your love comments and I 'm so happy . Finally . I love you , everyone and see you soon , ” Zyrus said .
“ I wo n't let anyone ruin this moment . I wo n't let anyone ruin my happiness . Thank you to all the beautiful write ups about me . ”
The star also took to Instagram posting an image reading , “ Thank you . ”
The Instagram post was captioned , “ From the bottom of my heart , thank you for the love and respect . I love you back and I 'm sending peace to everyone . ”
Since announcing the news Zyrus has received lots of support from fans on Twitter .
One person tweeted “ @ jakezyrus I love you JAKE . fully support all the way love from Singapore . Be strong stay happy and pray always . ”
Another tweet read , “ Life is short , do the things that make you happy . Jake or Charice we 're always gon na be here for you . ”
Zyrus has appeared in a number of TV shows and films , including The X Factor Philippines in 2012 as a judge .
Glee ended in 2015 and had aired a total of six seasons and had a number of LGBT storylines .
The show also featured a 200 member transgender choir as part of a storyline centring around a transition of a character .
Seven suspects arrested over alleged links with twin attacks in Tehran
DUBAI – Reuters
Iranian authorities have arrested seven people suspected of helping militants involved in twin attacks in the capital Tehran , a judiciary official said on June 9.Islamic State claimed responsibility for the suicide bombings and gun attacks on parliament and the mausoleum of the Islamic Republic 's founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , that killed 17 people on June 7.Ahmad Fazelian , a provincial judiciary official , said the seven , suspected of `` providing support for the terrorist team '' , were detained in Fardis , about 50 km ( 31 miles ) west of Tehran , the judiciary 's online news agency Mizan reported.On June 9 , authorities announced the arrests of 41 suspects in connection with the twin Tehran attacks.Separately , the head of the judiciary in Fars province said seven people were detained in the southern Larestan area for possible ties to Islamic State , Iran 's ISNA news agency reported on June 9 .
Is the Navy Too Small ?
September 29 , 2015
Q1 : Is the U.S. Navy too small ?
A1 : It 's a talking point for Republican presidential candidates , but they 're not the only ones who say yes . The 2014 National Defense Panel , a statutory , bipartisan panel of nongovernment experts , recommended increasing the Navy to between 323 and 346 ships . Studies from several think tanks , including CSIS , have also made the argument .
Q2 : How big is the Navy today ?
A2 : 272 ships as of September 23 , 2015 ( technically , “ deployable battle force ships ” ) . The Navy is built around its 10 aircraft carriers ( soon to be 11 , when the USS Ford finally delivers next year ) , each carrying up to 90 aircraft . The Navy has 100 surface combatants to escort the carriers and conduct independent operations , 54 attack submarines , 14 ballistic missile submarines for nuclear deterrence , 4 cruise missile submarines for land attack , 30 amphibious ships for deploying Marines , and about 60 other ships for support and logistics .
Q3 : Is the Navy small by U.S. historical standards ?
A3 : The answer is yes and no . By the commonly used metric of number of ships , the Navy is at an historical low point and has n't had this few ships since 1916 , as Mitt Romney noted in the 2012 presidential debates . Today 's count of 272 compares with 550+ during the Reagan administration and the 300s during the Clinton years when the Navy was coming down from Cold War levels .
Analysts point out that using ship numbers as a primary metric of naval strength leaves out a lot of important detail . If one looks at tonnage—a surrogate for capability—the Navy is smaller than at points in It 's past but not as dramatically as the ship count might imply . Today , the Navy has 273 ships weighing a total of 5.1 million tons . In 1975 , the Navy had 559 ships weighing 5.7 million tons . So in 1975 , the Navy had twice as many ships as today but only 10 percent more tonnage . The reason for the disparity is that Navy ships have been getting larger over time . For example , today 's Arleigh Burke–class destroyers ( DDG-51s ) weigh 9,000 tons ; destroyers in the 1970s were half that size .
Q4 : Is the Navy too small for U.S. needs ?
A4 : It depends on the strategy that a president wants to implement . Classically , the Navy has been sized for two things : wartime combat operations and day-to-day forward deployments . Wartime combat operations entail surging large numbers of ships to a high-intensity conflict . The number of ships needed depends on a variety of factors , but particularly the expansiveness of U.S. goals . The Obama administration 's goals are to defeat an adversary in one region and “ deny the objectives of—or impose unacceptable risk on—a second aggressor in another region. ” In plain English , that means the United States will defeat one opponent decisively , but in the second conflict , we will aim for less , for example , restoring the status quo before the conflict . The Republican presidential candidates are likely looking at decisively defeating the enemy in the second conflict as well , which requires more forces across the board , including the Navy .
Day-to-day forward deployment of naval ( and ground and air ) forces , the other driver of force size , serves several purposes : to engage partners and allies , to deter potential conflicts , and if a crisis arises , to respond quickly . Historically , the United States has maintained forward deployed forces in three theaters : the Pacific , the Mediterranean and Europe , and the Indian Ocean/Middle East . To maintain a carrier battle group forward deployed in each of those three regions continuously would require 14 to 15 carriers . In addition , there are a variety of other demands on naval forces . For example , submarines conduct nuclear deterrence and intelligence missions , and there are operations in other theaters such as South America and Africa . Meeting all of these needs would require a Navy larger than its current size .
The Obama administration has decided not to maintain continuous carrier coverage in all three theaters but to gap the coverage particularly in the Mediterranean and Europe . As a result , it can execute its strategy with a smaller Navy , though with some risk .
Q5 : Is the U.S. Navy larger than the next seven or so other navies ? Is n't that excessive ?
A5 : Yes and no . Yes , the U.S. Navy is larger than the next seven or so other navies ( depending on how one counts ) , and most of these are our allies . The United States operates 10 , soon to be 11 , 90,000-ton aircraft carriers ( in addition to 10 40,000-ton amphibious assault carriers ) . China and Russia each have one 60,000-ton carrier .
No , that 's not necessarily excessive because the U.S. Navy has global responsibilities that other navies do not . The U.S. Navy is expected to operate in the Mediterranean , in the Middle East , and in the Pacific and to have forces forward deployed at all times .
Q6 : Is n't the Navy much more capable now than in the past ?
A6 : Yes , much more . The F-35 now entering the fleet is stealthier than the previous generation of aircraft . Today 's submarines are quieter . The cruiser and destroyer weapons are longer range and more accurate .
But our enemies are also more capable . We are in a situation that has been called the “ Red Queen effect ” in evolutionary dynamics . That is , we must run as fast as we can just to stand still . Because our potential enemies are also improving their capabilities , we are not gaining on them .
Mark Cancian is a senior adviser with the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) in Washington , D.C. A more detailed discussion of these issues is available at https : //csis.org/publication/us-navy-too-small .
Critical Questions is produced by the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) , a private , tax-exempt institution focusing on international public policy issues . Its research is nonpartisan and nonproprietary . CSIS does not take specific policy positions . Accordingly , all views , positions , and conclusions expressed in this publication should be understood to be solely those of the author ( s ) .
© 2015 by the Center for Strategic and International Studies . All rights reserved .
Every cop ca n't be assigned a drug-sniffing police canine , and our noses are n't nearly as advanced at sniffing out nefarious odors as our adorable-but-hardworking companions ' noses . A new gadget , straight out of Futurama , can amplify a human 's sense of smell , and target specific odors to , for example , detect illicit substances .
The gadget is called the Nasal Ranger , seemingly — impossibly — without any kind of comedic intent . The Nasal Ranger looks like a megaphone , and unlike Futurama 's Smell-O-Scope , the Ranger is placed on top of your nose rather than jamming two thin pipes up into your nostrils . The Nasal Ranger is an olfactometer , a jumble of a word that describes a device that enhances the detection of odors . It introduces an odorous baseline gas against to which the offending odor can be compared , in order to determine intensity . Because different users will have different “ sniff rates , ” the Ranger also comes with a calibration tool to test a user 's sniff capability .
However , the Nasal Ranger is n't quite up to the standards of the Smell-O-Scope yet , and not because it ca n't sniff out a flying asteroid of garbage all the way up in space . Even though marijuana has been legalized in certain cities , like Denver , people smoking it out in the open pollutes the air with its pungent scent — as do cigarettes . So , the Nasal Ranger is mainly being used by officials to determine if , basically , someone is making the public air smell too much like pot . The fine is severe , up to $ 2,000 , so even though marijuana has been legalized , that — plus some Nasal Rangers — should keep the level of pot-smoking down to a minimum in public .
The Nasal Ranger comes with a mask for your nose to keep the smells in , a disposable seal and cleaning wipes for the nose-mask , odor-filter cartridges , a dial that lets you change the measurement capabilities of the device , as well as a kit that measures a user 's sense of smell .
It 's no Smell-O-Scope , but it 's at least an efficient way to see how polluted the surrounding air is , as well as a way to brighten up your day because it makes officials look hilarious .
Bottom of the Barrel- where questionable spirits get a helping hand from some very skilled bartenders ! Last time we paid a visit to Martin Corriveau at La Mezcaleria where he created magic out of chocolate flavoured wine . Up next is Mike Shum who has been saddled with a shimmering vodka-based spirit called Viniq .
I can only describe this bottle as the liquor equivalent of a laval lamp . It 's pretty much a rave in 750ml . The bottle claims to be a combination of vodka infused with Moscato , peach , citrus , orange blossom and berries . The sad part was it did n't event taste that bad . Never one to back down from a challenge , Shum embraced his shimmery ingredient and made the best of what can only be described as a sparkle-filled nightmare . In addition- and for the first time on Bottom Of The Barrel- our nominated bartender has requested that you play this song while mixing up this magical concoction .
The Bartender : Mike Shum
The Ingredient : Viniq
The Cocktail : Unicorn Tears
Recipe :
60mL Viniq
20mL Manzanilla Sherry
15mL Amaro Montenegro
4 Dashes Bittercube Cherry Bark Vanilla Bitters
Stirred all ingredients together and strain into a rocks glass over ice . Garnish with a grapefruit twist .
Sue Perkins would make a great Doctor Who , according to Neil Gaiman ( Picture : BBC/Metro.co.uk )
Respected sci-fi and fantasy author Neil Gaiman has called for former Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins to become Doctor Who 's next Time Lord .
While Hollywood actress Tilda Swinton is currently favourite to land the BBC job , the author of Coraline clearly thinks Sue 's ‘ sticky bun ' jokes would be even more enjoyable in space .
The Perkins-mooting comes amid the great debate over whether or not the Doctor , who will be played Peter Capaldi until Christmas this year , should become female .
Sue Perkins with comedy partner Mel Giedroyc on Bake Off ( Picture : BBC )
‘ Needless to say I 'd love to see a woman Doctor , ' Gaiman told Radio 5Live , before dropping 47-year-old Sue 's name .
We 're sure if Sue was cast she would n't be able to resist about 1,000 Sonic Screwdriver innuendos throughout a single episode .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gaiman also suggested 71-year-old Helen Mirren and 48-year-old X-Files star Gillian Anderson , saying of the latter : ‘ I do n't think there 's anything Gillian ca n't do . '
Many Whovians now say it 's time for the Doctor to become a woman , but they 've faced a backlash from fans who reckon the alien should remain the gender ‘ he ' has been since 1963 .
Yeah no . The idea of Tilda Swinton as The Doctor makes me want to vomit . — Matt Whelan🌐 ( @ matthall1998 ) February 16 , 2017
What are the odds on who 'll play the next Doctor Who ? Tilda Swinton – 7/2 Kris Marshall – 4/1 Olivia Colman – 5/1 Maxine Peake – 8/1 Ben Whishaw – 10/1 Richard Ayoade – 10/1 Andrew Buchan – 10/1 Reece Shearsmith – 12/1 Phoebe Waller-Bridge – 12/1 Rory Kinnear – 16/1 Andrew Scott – 16/1 Richard Madden – 16/1 David Harewood – 16/1 Paterson Joseph – 16/1 Idris Elba – 20/1 Chris Addison – 20/1 Gwendoline Christie – 20/1 James Norton – 20/1 Adrian Lester – 20/1 Alexander Vlahos – 20/1 Sacha Dhawan – 20/1 Robert Carlyle – 20/1 Laurie Kynaston – 20/1 Michelle Gomez – 33/1
After casting Capaldi as the Doctor four years ago , showrunner Steven Moffat gave a rather implausible explanation as to why he had n't gone for an actress .
He said in 2013 : ‘ It did n't feel to me right now… I did n't feel enough people wanted it .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ Oddly enough the most people who said they were dead against it , and I know I 'll get in trouble for saying this , but most people who said they were most against it were women . They said no , no do n't make him a woman .
Current Doctor Capaldi is now in his last year on the show ( Picture : BBC )
‘ Not that I was influenced by that . I was influenced by nothing , ' he added , not very convincingly .
It sounds like a female Doctor is far more feasible now than Moffat might have ever imagined .
Tilda Swinton is favourite to nab the new job ( Picture : Getty )
New Doctor Who boss Chris Chibnall recently said : ‘ We 'll cast the role in the traditional way : write the script , then go and find the best person for that part in that script .
‘ You could n't go out and cast an abstract idea . The creative possibilities are endless , but I have a very clear sense of what we 're going to do , without even knowing who 's going to play the part . '
Metro.co.uk contacted Sue 's reps for comment .
Want more of this lovely stuff ? Like Metro Entertainment on Facebook !
MORE : Danny Dyer throws his hat into the ring as next Doctor Who star : ‘ I 'd keep my cockney accent '
MORE : Sue Perkins has a pop at Paul Hollywood over Great British Bake Off prank : ‘ It was all a joke ! '
MORE : Cookery legend Prue Leith ‘ tipped to take over from Mary Berry on The Great British Bake Off '
CLEVELAND -- A fire engine that would have been the first truck sent to the fatal fire on Crawford Road Tuesday was never sent because its firefighters were at the Cleveland Clinic moving an obese patient .
The hospital called 9-1-1 and asked for help moving a morbidly obese man with high-blood pressure to another Clinic building one block away . The man was on an examination table surrounded by hospital staff when a worker called 9-1-1 , according to an audiotape of the call .
City officials do n't know if the firefighters from Engine 17 could have saved Delores Richardson , the 70-year-old woman who died in the fire . But the safety director does n't understand why the hospital needed four firefighters and two EMS paramedics to do work that could have been done by orderlies at the hospital .
Cleveland Safety Director Martin Flask plans to demand answers from hospital officials .
Cleveland Clinic officials declined to answer questions about the incident . They e-mailed the following response :
`` Cleveland Clinic transports patients in need to the emergency department . Healthcare providers on the scene assess patients and determine the need for assistance . Due to transport needs of multiple patients , the Clinic requested an ambulance from Cleveland EMS , a service they have provided to Cleveland Clinic in the past . ''
No fire or EMS official could recall ever receiving a similar type of call from the Clinic , Flask said . Dispatchers sent both Engine 17 and an EMS ambulance because two EMS paramedics could not have handled a morbidly obese patient by themselves , Flask said .
Stephen Palek , president of the EMS union , said the Clinic should have the staff and equipment to move any patient without calling EMS or the fire department for help .
Firefighters estimated the patient 's weight between 350 and 400 pounds , said Chester Ashton , president of the firefighters union . The man scooted off the exam table onto an EMS cot and was rolled from the fourth floor to the first and placed in the EMS ambulance .
The man was dropped off around the block at the Cleveland Clinic emergency room , Ashton said .
Engine 17 would have been the first to respond to the fatal fire if it was not tied up at the Clinic , Ashton said . He could not estimate how much faster Engine 17 would have gotten there than the other fire engines that responded .
Eyewitnesses said Richardson nearly escaped her burning house , but a wall of flames halted her a few steps from the front door on Crawford Road . Her husband , son and grandson escaped the blaze uninjured . Investigators have not yet determined the cause of the fire .
Here is how the calls came in :
The Clinic called at 1:14 p.m. asking for help moving the obese patient . Dispatchers sent the EMS unit and Engine 17 from East 66th Street . Both units arrived within minutes .
At 1:20 p.m. , the city received the call for the fire on Crawford Road . Engine 10 , based at 1935 East 101st Street , would have been the closest unit but was doing a routine drill at the Fire Training Academy on Lakeside Avenue .
Ladder 10 , based at the same station , was returning from a false alarm on Mayfield Road . With Engine 17 at the Clinic , Ladder 10 was sent to the fire .
Engine 22 , based at 7300 Superior Ave. , was also sent to the fire . Both units and Rescue Squad 3 arrived within four minutes and 39 seconds after receiving the call , officials said .
Ashton said firefighters do n't question any call they receive .
`` We should not have sent either unit , '' he said . `` My God . It is a hospital . ''
Correction : A photo caption accompanying the print version of the obituary of Mad magazine editor Al Feldstein misidentified two people because of incorrect information provided with the original 1972 photograph from the Associated Press . According the magazine 's editor-in-chief , John Ficarra , the three people pictured were , left to right , associate editor Jerry DeFuccio , Feldstein and associate editor Nick Meglin .
Mad magazine editor Al Feldstein works on page layout in his office at the magazine 's New York headquarters in 1972 . ( Jerry Mosey/AP )
Al Feldstein , who shaped and warped the sensibilities of America 's youth for more than two decades as the editor of Mad magazine and who had a defining influence on modern humor , died April 29 at his ranch near Livingston , Mont . He was 88 .
His wife , Michelle Key Feldstein , confirmed his death . She did not cite a specific cause .
Mad was originally a comic book , created by Harvey Kurtzman in 1952 . But it was Mr. Feldstein , who became editor in 1956 , who transformed Mad into a mass-circulation magazine that exerted a strong , if subversive , influence on generations of young people .
He made the magazine 's gap-toothed mascot , Alfred E. Neuman , a universally recognized image and hired a stable of artists and writers who lampooned politics , religion , Hollywood , advertising and even the magazine itself . The magazine published this disclaimer : “ We reject the insinuation that anything we print is moral , theological , nutritious or good for you in any way , shape or form . ”
The Mad sensibility of blithe mockery , disengaged disdain and nose-thumbing scorn of pop culture became the model for a new style of humor — and a new way of viewing the world . Mad was perhaps the first publication to build its identity around the mockery of adult hypocrisies . It reached its peak of popularity in the early 1970s , with a circulation of 2.8 million , by reveling in a smart-aleck , adolescent satire and jokes .
Decades later , its mischievous DNA still runs through the skits of “ Saturday Night Live , ” the spoofs of the Onion , the self-aware political satire of Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert and the standup routines of countless comedians . In that sense , as Washington Post writer Peter Carlson noted in 1997 , it is no exaggeration to call Mad “ the most influential American magazine of the postwar era . ”
For decades , in order to preserve its sharp satirical edge , the magazine did not accept advertising . It had regular features , including “ Snappy Answers to Stupid Questions ” and “ Spy vs. Spy , ” but it built its reputation by puncturing pomposity , often with carefully wrought parodies .
“ What we did was to take the absurdities of the adult world that youngsters were facing and show kids that the adult world is not ominpotent , ” Mr. Feldstein told the New York Times in 1981 . “ We told them there 's a lot of garbage out in the world and you 've got to be aware of it . ”
In a Mad sendup , the bland middle-America magazine Better Homes and Gardens became “ Bitter Homes and Gardens , ” where you could learn how to “ convert your spare bedroom into a basement . ”
During the Vietnam War , the magazine asked readers to write to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to request an “ Official Draft Dodger Card . ”
In a predictably bizarre encounter , FBI agents paid a visit to Mad 's offices in New York , dropping hints that Hoover did n't take kindly to such shenanigans .
“ Al was a diabolical genius , ” Maria Reidelbach , author of “ Completely Mad , ” a 1991 history of the magazine , wrote in an e-mail to The Post . “ He recognized the best of founding editor Harvey Kurtzman 's wildly original comics and then searched out other quirky writers and artists to keep Mad funny , provocative , and fresh for three decades . ”
In the second issue that Mr. Feldstein edited , he put the image of the grinning , jug-eared boy , with one eye lower than the other , on the cover , declaring that Neuman was Mad magazine 's candidate for president .
Neuman , a guileless , ubiquitous simpleton , quickly became Mad 's enduring symbol . His all-purpose slogan , “ What — me worry ? ” became familiar well beyond the circle of the magazine 's readers .
Mad fought a prolonged copyright battle in the 1960s with a widow who claimed her husband had created the Neuman character years before . The court ruled in the magazine 's favor , citing advertising and other illustrations using a similar character since the 19th century .
At Mad , Mr. Feldstein hired a staff — always referred to on the masthead as “ The Usual Gang of Idiots ” — that shared his delight in inspired lunacy . Some of the cartoonists who helped define the magazine 's irreverent tone , including Dave Berg , Mort Drucker , Al Jaffee and Don Martin , stayed on for years . Comedians Sid Caesar , Ernie Kovacs and the team of Bob Elliott and Ray Goulding contributed to the magazine . Other staff writers went on to careers with TV comedies or late-night talk shows .
Mad 's letters to the editor were a special form of comic silliness , with puns , complaints and self-mockery .
“ Every time I write you a letter , you never print it , ” one reader complained . “ So this time , I just wo n't write you a letter . ”
Albert Bernard Feldstein was born Oct. 24 , 1925 , in Brooklyn . His father was a dental technician who made false teeth .
In his teens , Mr. Feldstein learned the comic-book business while working in a studio run by cartoonists Will Eisner and Jerry Iger . During World War II , he served in the Army Air Forces , mostly as a sign painter and illustrator .
He began working at EC Comics in 1948 and helped develop such titles as Tales From the Crypt , Weird Fantasy and Weird Science before he was put in charge of Mad . After retiring in 1984 , Mr. Feldstein moved to Wyoming and later Montana , where he lived on a 270-acre ranch and became a prolific painter of animals and landscapes . He and his wife , Michelle Key Feldstein , rescued more than 40 dogs and 200 abused or abandoned farm animals , which they kept on their ranch .
Mr. Feldstein 's first marriage , to Clair Szep , ended in divorce ; his second wife , Natalie Sigler , died in 1986 . In addition to his wife of 25 years , survivors include two daughters from his first marriage ; three stepchildren ; and five grandchildren .
Mad magazine is still published today , but its circulation has dwindled to about a tenth of what it had been at its height under Mr. Feldstein .
He saw the magazine as a form of civic education and recognized its influence on young people . “ It was their pipeline into the truth about what was happening in the country , ” Mr. Feldstein said in 2005 . “ It taught them skepticism . ”
But he could never take anything , least of all Mad magazine , too seriously .
“ The other day a friend of mine said to me , ” a correspondent wrote in a 1956 letter to the editor , “ he said , ‘ That Mad is n't fit for idiots . ' I stuck up for your magazine . I said that it was . ”
Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 first PS4 footage , collector 's editions detailed
Anticipated sequel due out late February in Japan .
Koei Tecmo and Team Ninja debuted the first footage of Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 during a Famitsu live stream this morning .
The game was recently announced for a February 25 release in Japan . Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Fortune for PlayStation 4 will cost 8,800 yen via retail and 7,619 yen via download , and Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Venus for PS Vita will cost 7,800 yen via retail and 6,762 yen via download . Both versions of the game will feature Marie Rose and Honoka on the cover ( left : PS4 , right : PS Vita ) .
The following collector 's edition will also be available :
Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Fortune Collector 's Edition ( PS4 , 13,800 yen ) A copy of the game
Xtreme Sexy Costume F-Set ( 9 outfits )
Gravure Photobook “ Fortune ” ( 48 pages )
“ Fortune ” Playing Cards
“ Marie Rose ” Xtreme 3D Mouse Pad Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Venus Collector 's Edition ( PS Vita , 12,800 yen ) A copy of the game
Xtreme Sexy Costume V-Set ( 9 outfits )
Gravure Photobook “ Venus ” ( 48 pages )
“ Venus ” Playing Cards
“ Honoka ” Xtrene 3D Mouse Pad The Strongest Package ( 29,800 yen , Amazon Japan and Gamecity-Exclusive ) Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Fortune Collector 's Edition ( PS4 )
Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 : Venus Collector 's Edition ( PS Vita )
B2 Extreme Extreme Bath Posters ( x9 )
Watch the debut footage below .
Republican wall crushes NSA bill
A wall of Republican opposition brought down a controversial National Security Agency reform bill Tuesday night , leaving the future of the package in doubt ahead of a Republican takeover next year .
Sen. Patrick Leahy 's legislation that would end the NSA 's bulk data collection narrowly fell short of the Senate 's 60-vote threshold , 58-42 , a major defeat for privacy advocates , civil libertarians and a White House that supports the bill . The filibuster of the proposal prevents it from even coming to the floor for debate .
Story Continued Below
Opposition was led by Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell and colleague Sen. Rand Paul , who both voted down the legislation , though for different reasons . McConnell , like many Republicans , voted it down because he believed the reforms went too far , while Paul voted against the bill because it did not go far enough .
Paul said immediately after the vote that he “ felt bad ” about his vote against the motion .
“ They probably needed my vote , ” he said , opposing Leahy 's bill because it would extend the sunset provisions for the laws authorizing surveillance . “ It 's hard for me to vote for something I object to so much . ”
Other heavy hitters joined the view that NSA proposal would make it difficult to combat terrorism , a crowd that included Marco Rubio of Florida , another potential White House aspirant .
“ They can not cite a single example of this program being abused , ” Rubio said of the bill 's supporters . “ Not one . We are dealing with a theoretical threat . ”
Advocates of the bill made impassioned pleas to advance it past a filibuster , the rare proposal that drew the support of both GOP Sen. Mike Lee of Utah and Democratic Senate Intelligence Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein of California .
“ It would help address the problem of the American government spying on its citizens without cause , ” said Lee , a co-sponsor of the bill , on the Senate floor before the vote . “ What opponents of this bill fail to appreciate is that most Americans are deeply , deeply , concerned about the collection of their personal information . ”
” It 's a carefully crafted bill , ” Leahy warned ahead of the vote . “ Do n't wait until next year on this . ”
But in the end McConnell 's opposition proved to be the kiss of death , sidestepping legislation that threatened to prominently display the GOP 's internal divisions just weeks before Republicans take over the Senate . And the bill 's failure on Tuesday also allows the GOP to take up NSA reform on their own terms next year .
Though Lee was joined by fellow Republicans Ted Cruz of Texas , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Dean Heller of Nevada in supporting the bill , others took a dim view of the legislation .
Paul , a likely 2016 contender , said the NSA legislation failed to enact enough sweeping reforms like ending the Patriot Act . McConnell , on the other hand , “ strongly ” opposed the legislation because he believed it would hinder the intelligence community . The GOP leader said on Tuesday morning that it 's “ the worst possible time to be tying our hands behind out backs ” with the rise of the Islamic State and recent executions of Americans at the militant group 's hands .
The dual-track opposition from Paul and more traditional hawks like Rubio and McConnell made it impossible for chief Senate sponsor Leahy and the White House to pass the legislation during the waning days of Democrats ' Senate majority . On Monday the White House urged passage of the USA Freedom Act , arguing it would “ strengthen Americans ' confidence ” in the controversial data collection programs exposed by Edward Snowden last year . Leahy 's bill would require court orders for warrantless data collection , sunset the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in 2015 to align it with the Patriot Act and create new privacy advocates in the FISA courts .
After McConnell lit into his legislation on Tuesday morning , Leahy tried to engage the Republican leader about his harsh criticism of legislation the GOP leader argued could harm the effort to destroy the Islamic State . McConnell ignored Leahy 's entreaties on the Senate floor .
In addition to McConnell siding with Paul against the legislation , the GOP leader also found himself once again at odds with a familiar foil : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) , who urged the Senate to advance legislation “ that 's good for this country ” past an initial filibuster and pledged not to block consideration of amendments to the bill had it advanced .
But as it became clear the bill was headed toward defeat , and with little time this year to take it up again , Reid voted for the bill as it failed . Reid 's support for the bill made it procedurally difficult for him to swiftly call the legislation up for another vote , kicking the nation 's still unresolved debate over government surveillance to next year 's Congress — and new Majority Leader McConnell .
“ It 's hard for me to vote for something I object to so much. ” – Rand Paul
Kate Tummarello contributed to this report .
Mr. Bernanke , 56 , has also been criticized for not doing more to prevent the financial crisis . He was originally named by President Bush in 2005 to succeed Alan Greenspan as the Fed chairman .
Senator Richard C. Shelby of Alabama , the committee 's ranking Republican , said that Mr. Bernanke , first as a member of the board of governors and then as chairman , was complicit in creating an atmosphere that encouraged risk-taking and contributed to the disastrous housing price bubble — signs of which , Mr. Shelby said , Mr. Bernanke had missed .
“ Our trust and confidence were misplaced , ” Mr. Shelby said , shortly before voting against the nominee .
Senator Jeff Merkley , Democrat of Oregon , also opposed the nomination , saying that even if Mr. Bernanke “ has shown himself to be quite adroit with the fire hose ” since the crisis erupted , he bore some responsibility for its outbreak , and thus for the loss of jobs and depleted savings accounts .
Some of the critics ' complaints had merit , said the committee chairman , Senator Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut . Still , Mr. Dodd added , “ Chairman Bernanke must also receive credit for the critical role he played in the events of last fall. ” Had he and others not acted , Mr. Dodd said , the nation probably would have faced “ utter economic catastrophe — and I believe nothing short of that was at risk . ”
Instead , Mr. Dodd added , “ I believe better days do lie ahead . ”
A Republican , Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , offered a strong endorsement of the nominee . While “ mistakes were made ” under his purview , Mr. Gregg said , Mr. Bernanke 's swift reaction to the financial crisis had proved crucial . “ I tell you , it worked , ” he said . “ It 's that simple . ”
But Senator Bernard Sanders , independent of Vermont , strongly opposes Mr. Bernanke 's nomination because of his role in the bailouts and has put a hold on the nomination . That means it will require 60 votes , not a simple majority .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Although his confirmation appears likely , a number of no votes are expected from members of both parties when the full Senate votes and if Mr. Bernanke is not confirmed by Jan. 31 , when his term ends , then the Fed 's vice chairman , Donald L. Kohn , would temporarily take over .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
President Obama , in announcing his nomination of Mr. Bernanke in August , said he had led the Fed through “ one of the worst financial crises that this nation and this world have ever faced ” and , because of his background , his expertise on the Depression and his unflappable personality , was ideally suited to help lead the recovery .
During his four years , Mr. Bernanke has emerged as a favorite target of liberals and conservatives alike . Critics have tried to portray him as cozy with Wall Street elites and slow to react to signs that the financial system was on the brink of collapse .
Mr. Bernanke , a former professor at Princeton , was initially criticized as too academic , but he has since spearheaded some of the most interventionist actions by the Fed in its history .
At a hearing earlier this month , Mr. Bernanke acknowledged mistakes by the Fed in the runup to the financial crisis . But Mr. Bernanke adamantly defended the Fed 's response to the crisis , particularly its efforts to crack down on banks , subprime mortgages , credit card fees and executive compensation .
Mr. Bernanke has often been forced to navigate the line between doing too much and too little , and he has faced the constant danger of pushing the economy into a deeper downturn if the central bank 's extraordinary measures were withdrawn too quickly .
At the hearing earlier this month , Mr. Bernanke bristled at proposals to strip the Fed of its power , saying the central bank had unique expertise and knew the inner workings of major financial institutions better than any entity .
Adding to the intensity surrounding Mr. Bernanke 's appointment , Time Magazine named him this week as its Person of the Year , citing his role in leading the economic recovery . Mr. Bernanke 's visage appears on the magazine 's cover , superimposed on a dollar .
When the Senate Banking Committee took a voice vote on Mr. Bernanke 's first nomination as Fed chairman , only one senator opposed the nominee : Senator Jim Bunning , Republican of Kentucky .
On Thursday , Mr. Bunning , who has one of the most conservative voting records in the Senate , remained a thorn in the chairman 's side .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In delivering his criticism , he cited a blogger 's remark that giving Mr. Bernanke the Person of the Year citation was like rewarding the captain of the Titanic .
CINCINNATI -- Bengals Pro Bowl left tackle Andrew Whitworth was contrite Saturday , telling reporters his emotions got the best of him earlier this week when he publicly criticized the team 's front office for what he felt was a slow response to his inquiries about getting a contract extension .
`` Because I hold myself to a high standard , I wish I had handled it better , '' Whitworth said . `` To me , it 's always about making decisions that reflect my leadership and who I am . ''
The 33-year-old is entering the final year of his current deal . He said Monday he wanted a new contract before the season because as a 10-year veteran who was drafted by the team , he felt he had `` earned more '' than the relative silence he 's been given .
Andrew Whitworth has softened his stance on advocating for a contract extension . Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
It was n't the only emotional statement to come from his camp this week .
On Wednesday , Whitworth sent out a tweet that was even more critical of team president Mike Brown . After deleting his Twitter account and then reactivating it , Whitworth said his wife accidentally sent the tweet , thinking she was sarcastically responding to a private message to one of Whitworth 's teammates . The quickly deleted tweet read : `` Mike Brown told me I 'm done here . Said I can play this year and go home . So I told him I want a raise or I 'll sit my ass at home this ... ''
Whitworth was n't sitting anywhere Saturday . He and two of his kids , 4-year-old Drew and 3-year-old Michael , attended the Bengals ' rookie camp . In addition to watching his sons , Whitworth walked rookie offensive tackles through various drills off to the side . It was the Bengals ' first- and second-round selections of tackles Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher last weekend that originally caused Whitworth concern . He said Monday he was caught off guard by back-to-back tackle selections because no one in team management had discussed such a scenario with him .
Just before addressing reporters near the conclusion of the Bengals ' second day of rookie camp Saturday , Whitworth chatted on the field with Brown and his daughter , executive vice president Katie Blackburn . At times , Blackburn even played with Whitworth 's kids .
`` Mike and I get along fine , '' Whitworth said . `` Everybody tries to make it a personal thing and it 's not . I love Mike , I love the family and I love the Bengals and they love me back . ''
One member of the Bengals ' front office told ESPN on Saturday the entire ordeal surrounding Whitworth was `` much ado about nothing . '' Asked if he felt the same way , Whitworth agreed .
Neither side was willing to divulge how much closer they were to making a preseason extension a reality , but Whitworth indicated he plans to remain in Cincinnati the rest of his career .
`` I wo n't play anywhere else . I 'll never put on another uniform other than a Cincinnati Bengal uniform , and that 's all that 's important to me , '' Whitworth said .
This happened in Florence , Italy . A man walked into a restaurant with his family and was ushered to a dimly lit corner table . Then , two things happened . One of the waiters , an Indian , had his jaw drop and eyes widen in recognition of the man . And the man , in recognition of this recognition , had his attitude transform from one of casual nobodiness to conscious starriness . The man was Shah Rukh Khan .
There are two points to consider here . Something happens to us when we see a filmstar . We cheer , scream , shriek , shout , jeer or wave out , reacting in different ways . Our reaction implies there is something about the star that demands a response . But something also happens to the star . The line between person and persona gets blurry . And when that occurs on a daily basis , the person can become the persona . Perhaps nowhere is this more pronounced than in Bollywood .
Bollywood is full of ‘ horror stories ' , as one movie scribe puts it , about the side effects of fame . “ Some actors start behaving really badly after a successful Friday , ” says Rauf Ahmed , a senior film journalist and editor who has seen the biggest stars at close quarters . “ Rajesh Khanna is the perfect example I can think of . ”
Khanna , who many consider the Hindi film industry 's first superstar , is emblematic of all the excesses that come tagged with stardom . Narrating a classic Khanna story , Ahmed says , “ He would keep his directors waiting all the time . He expected the world to function according to his whims . He kept filmmaker BR Chopra waiting in Srinagar for three consecutive days . The fourth day , he sent his cook on his business class ticket . ”
Justifying such high-handedness , Khanna once told Ahmed , “ People come to see my films to see me. ” In truth , they did . With a dozen consecutive hits to his credit at the time , you could n't argue with him . “ Rajesh Khanna cultivated a coterie around him , which kept reassuring him that he was a great star , ” says Ahmed , “ And surprisingly , he rewarded them for their loyalty . He may have antagonised many others , but he was nice to his staff . ”
Writer-actor Amin Hajee says Khanna was honest in at least one way . “ There are two kinds of people in the film industry . One , who say they hate fame and actually hate fame , and others who say they hate fame but secretly crave it . Rajesh Khanna belonged to a third kind . ”
Speaking of how fame has destroyed promising careers , Ahmed points out the peculiar case of Navin Nischol , the late actor . According to Ahmed , Shashi Kapoor 's role in Deewaar had first been offered to Nischol . “ Navin refused to play second fiddle to Amitabh Bachchan . His contention was that he had played a hero to Amitabh 's villain in Parwana in 1971 . And look what a disastrous decision it was . From that point onwards , Shashi Kapoor and Amitabh became the most successful male pairing of the 70s , while Navin 's career never recovered . ”
Hubris is just one aspect of fame . It triggers something within a person , affecting the outer as much as inner personality . “ Success has destroyed more people than failure , ” writer Salim Khan told Bombay Times recently in response to Dabangg 2 's record opening . “ I have seen Sholay only twice , once in 35 mm and once on 70 mm , ” he added , “ But Imaan Dharam , which was a flop , I saw eight times to see where I went wrong. ” Khan 's candour contrasts with his son 's antics . A few years ago , Salman Khan slapped a fan at Anil Kapoor 's birthday bash . The fan had tried to kiss him . “ At home , Salman Khan is Salim Khan 's son , ” says an amused insider , “ Outside , he thinks he is Salman Khan . ”
Govinda behaves just as outrageously with his fans . He is notorious for his hair-trigger temperament and loony outbursts . “ I was once with him and there were fans hanging about , ” recounts a journalist , “ When they approached him for autographs , he got antsy . Then he started grilling them as if they were suspects . He asked them their names , dates of birth and even marital status . ”
You may pin Salman Khan 's idiosyncrasies on the nature of his stardom . But what explains the way that younger overnight successes behave ? Take Ranveer Singh . His “ psychotic and half-mad ” consciousness of his own appearance , as an assistant who worked with him on a film reveals , is bizarre enough . Before any public appearance , the assistant says , he conducts closet trials . “ And there is this mannequin . He makes it wear clothes and ponders how it looks on the mannequin to imagine how it will look on him . He loves colour . Just imagine the mannequin wearing a pink T-shirt , yellow blazer and green shoes… and now imagine him imagining that mannequin . ”
Ahmed says such weirdness tends to attend only male stars . “ With female stars , it 's mostly about one-upmanship. ” Anushka Sharma is said to be unduly obsessed with Katrina Kaif , her rival in Jab Tak Hai Jaan . “ She researches Katrina 's looks on Google—her hair , skin and makeup . But then it 's not her fault , really . Competition is so tough . You have to be at your best at all times , ” says an assistant makeup artiste who worked briefly with Anushka Sharma in her earlier films and has borne the brunt of many an actress ' peculiarities .
Usually , it is the media at the receiving end of a star 's mood swings . A cameraman and a reporter with a leading portal went to meet Sonam Kapoor recently . After being made to wait a few hours for an audience , when she was finally ready to take questions , they noticed she was in a grumpy mood . Put off by their line of enquiry , she threatened to yank the tape off . She did n't quite do that , but did ask them to leave . The same crew was meted out similar treatment by Rani Mukerji , who behaved “ as if the camera was not a camera but a gun ” , in the words of the hapless reporter . “ She behaved as if she owns Yash Raj Films—which she does , for all I care , ” fumes the reporter . “ But that still does n't give her a reason to treat the press like that . First , [ film artistes ] cry to be famous . When they become famous , they want to hide from the cameras . What 's the point ? ”
Vidya Balan does n't seem to agree . As she recently told The Times of India , “ I enjoy it that people want to know about me . This is what I 've worked for. ” KS Sanjay , a long-time associate who quit her employment only recently , says stardom has n't changed Vidya Balan because “ she is not treated like a star at home ” .
Sanjay believes that it is up to a star 's family to serve him or her a reality check . Madhuri Dixit , he says , “ remained a humble , middle-class Marathi woman all her life ” . He also recounts an anecdote of Meenakshi Seshadri back when she was one of Bollywood 's top stars : “ I went to meet her to discuss a project . It was well past nine and she had just finished dinner . She asked me to wait because she had to wash the plates in the sink ! ”
Family values , many believe , act as illusion poppers . Take this heroine , whose ascent from a modest Malad dwelling to an expansive haven in Andheri has been enviable ; ‘ fed up ' of taking early morning domestic flights , she once asked her father to arrange a chartered plane . “ Do n't forget where we come from , ” was her father 's stiff reproach .
“ Stardom is power . And as power can corrupt those who have it , so can stardom , ” says Amin Hajee , a close friend of Aamir Khan and someone who has seen enough of the industry to make that claim . “ My own experience is that I have seen people change , and when you tell them that ‘ Boss , you have changed ' , they do n't fucking believe you , ” he says .
Hajee knew Aamir Khan before the latter 's stardom . “ Yaar , humlog vada pav saath mein khaye hain . Panchgani mein neeche jaake dhaabe mein khaye hain . Abhi kya boloon main ? ( We have broken bread together , driven down Panchgani to eat at road-side eateries , now what should I say ? ) , ” he says , promising to be ‘ objective and fair ' about his friend . “ When Aamir was shooting for Mangal Pandey : The Rising , he got an offer from Opel , the car brand . He asked me how much he should quote . When I said not less than Rs 10 crore , he was shocked : ‘ Arre yaar , pagal hai kya ? ' ( Are you crazy ? ) Though he did n't get his asking price for that particular commercial , in a year 's time he was earning as much from others , ” he says , adding , “ Today , Aamir Khan as a brand is valued at more than Rs 2,000 crore . Aaj bodyguards aa gayen hain , bandookein hain , log aage peechhe ghoomte hain ( Today , he has gun-wielding bodyguards and is surrounded by people ) . Do you think it has n't affected Aamir ? Usko bhi samajh mein aata hai , boss , ki kuchh change ho gaya hai . ( He also realises that something has changed ) . ”
Hajee insists that Khan has handled his fame “ exceptionally well ” , though . What has changed are people 's perceptions of the star , he says , and this has put him under pressure . “ Every time he becomes more successful , he becomes—I ca n't use the word ‘ fanatical ' because that would be a wrong way of putting it—even more careful of what he is going to do next . Fame has n't made him less creative , but more careful . Aamir Khan does n't make the same mistakes . He is famous because he has learnt not to repeat mistakes . ”
The relentless glare of the limelight can be taxing . That 's why stars put on a public façade , a mask to hide their real selves . Ahmed says modern-day dynamics demands it of them . “ There was a time when Jackie Shroff and Anil Kapoor were fighting for top billing . The fight really was— ‘ Who is more famous , you or me ? ' Now , the fight is— ‘ Whose image is better , yours or mine ? ' Take Amitabh Bachchan . There was a time when he banned the press . Today , he is so gracious with the media. ” This façade , Ahmed says , helps celebrities lead normal lives to the extent possible . “ Stars never do certain things in public . They are conscious of their image . With electronic media around , they have to watch their moves all the time , ” he says , “ So , even if they pretend this goodness , this holier-than-thou attitude , they do it because they want a clean image . Let 's not forget , with fame comes responsibility . ”
According to a hairdresser who does celebrity work , fame heightens a star 's sense of isolation . “ I have seen it with my own eyes , ” says she , “ They are trapped in a cage . They do n't trust people and react in extreme ways when a situation merely requires them to be normal . ”
That explains why they work so hard to create “ space ” around themselves , little bubbles of safety where they can let their guard down . Ahmed says stars behave like stars because we refuse to see them as common folk . “ They are nothing but people like us , just that they appear flawless and larger-than-life , while we are flawed and ordinary to ourselves . ”
Hajee , however , says fame makes them more perceptive—and , counterintuitively , more human as well . He has another Aamir Khan story : “ We were driving from Panchgani to Satara to see a valley of flowers . I was driving in one car . Aamir was following me in another . Midway , I got confused and took a wrong turn into a no-entry zone . When the cops stopped me , I told them that Aamir Khan is with me . I apologised for my mistake . They let me go but caught Aamir. ” But that 's not the end of the story . “ Even before we reached the valley , the news had spread like wildfire , ” he continues , “ Within 20 minutes , the headlines had : ‘ Aamir Khan fined for traffic violation . ' Aamir drew a deep breath and said , ‘ Amin , we have to be very careful next time—very careful . ' ”
Hillary Clinton is two for two after Sunday night 's presidential debate , according to many pundits and polls . But if you ask tens of thousands of viewers at home , the town hall was Trump 's , and Trump 's alone .
After the first presidential debate in September , Twitter users agreed with most mainstream media outlets that Clinton won round one . Things swung the other way on Sunday .
Vocativ analyzed mentions of the candidates ' names or Twitter handles in tweets that also mentioned words and phrases such as “ is the winner ” or “ wins the debate ” between 9:00 p.m . ET Sunday and 3:00 a.m . ET Monday . Nearly 140,000 tweets declared that Trump beat Clinton during Sunday 's event , which took place in St. Louis , Missouri . Half that amount—nearly 60,000 tweets—expressed belief that Clinton was the superior candidate .
After a weak performance at the first debate last month , Trump overcame low expectations leading up to Sunday 's town hall event by appealing to his voter base . The Republican nominee threatened to put Clinton in jail over her private email server , berated Clinton for not using the phrase “ radical Islamic terrorism , ” and claimed “ there 's never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that 's been so abusive to women ” as Bill Clinton . Trump even brought three women who alleged Bill had sexually assaulted them to the event .
https : //twitter.com/CeceCalabrese/status/785433491861180422
@ foxandfriends Trump is the clear winner of # 2 ! The best part was when he said she should be in jail ! — Stephanie Conrad ( @ 13stephac13 ) October 10 , 2016
@ RGreggKeller @ JohnJHarwood not on this planet…Hillary is the winner by a large amount ! — Karen Severino ( @ KarenSev ) October 10 , 2016
Clinton , who had the advantage coming into the second debate , went on the offensive regarding the video clip that caught Trump talking about sexually assaulting women , responding : “ I think it 's clear to anyone who heard it that it represents exactly who he is. ” Clinton took her usual strategy of allowing Trump to be Trump—at one point , she even stated outright that she intended to not interrupt the Republican nominee .
Clinton stumbled , too , however , when the former secretary of state responded to reports that she said politicians need to have separate policies in public , and in private in a Wall Street speech . Clinton offered a stilted explanation of this by referring to the 2013 biopic “ Lincoln , ” and specifically , how Abraham Lincoln used the tactic to pass the 13th amendment to end slavery .
The final presidential debate airs Wednesday , October 19 .
by
First off , I want to congratulate Naomi Klein on her inspiring book . This Changes Everything has helped her readers better understand the germination of a broad based , multi-dimensional climate movement from the ground up and its potential to galvanize and revitalize the Left . Also , she 's shown the courage to name the source of the problem—capitalism—when so many activists shrink from mentioning the “ c ” word . In addition , her focus on the fossil fuel industry as the strategic target of the movement clearly highlights the importance of isolating one of the most malignant sectors of industrial capitalism .
But despite her insightful and inspirational treatment of the climate movement 's potential to change everything , I believe Klein over-states her case and overlooks crucial features of the dangerously dysfunctional system we 're up against . By putting climate change on a pedestal , she limits our understanding of how to break capitalism 's death grip over our lives and our future .
For instance , Klein ignores the deep connection between climate chaos , militarism , and war . While she spends an entire chapter explaining why Virgin Airlines owner , Richard Branson , and other Green billionaires wo n't save us , she devotes three meager sentences to the most violent , wasteful , petroleum-burning institution on Earth—the US military . [ 1 ] Klein shares this blind spot with the United Nations ' official climate forum . The UNFCCC excludes most of the military sector 's fuel consumption and emissions from national greenhouse gas inventories . [ 2 ] This exemption was the product of intense lobbying by the United States during the Kyoto negotiations in the mid-1990s . Ever since , the military establishment 's carbon “ bootprint ” has been officially ignored . [ 3 ] Klein 's book lost an important opportunity to expose this insidious cover-up .
The Pentagon is not only the largest institutional burner of fossil fuels on the planet ; it is also the top arms exporter and military spender . [ 4 ] America 's global military empire guards Big Oil 's refineries , pipelines , and supertankers . It props up the most reactionary petro-tyrannies ; devours enormous quantities of oil to fuel its war machine ; and spews more dangerous toxins into the environment than any corporate polluter . [ 5 ] The military , weapons producers , and the petroleum industry have a long history of corrupt collaboration . This odious relationship stands out in bold relief in the Middle East where Washington arms the region 's repressive regimes with the latest weaponry and imposes a phalanx of bases where American soldiers , mercenaries , and drones are deployed to guard the pumps , refineries , and supply lines of Exxon-Mobil , BP , and Chevron . [ 6 ]
The petro-military complex is the most costly , destructive , anti-democratic sector of the corporate state . It wields tremendous power over Washington and both political parties . Any movement to counteract climate chaos , transform our energy future , and strengthen grassroots democracy can not ignore America 's petro-empire . Yet oddly enough when Klein looks for ways to finance the transition to a renewable energy infrastructure in the US , the bloated military budget is not considered . [ 7 ]
The Pentagon itself openly recognizes the connection between climate change and war . In June , a US Military Advisory Board 's report on National Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change warned that “ …the projected impacts of climate change will be more than threat multipliers ; they will serve as catalysts for instability and conflict. ” In response , the Pentagon is gearing up to fight “ climate wars ” over resources threatened by atmospheric disruption , like fresh water , arable land , and food . [ 8 ]
Even though Klein overlooks the connection between militarism and climate change and ignores the peace movement as an essential ally , the peace movement is n't ignoring climate change . Anti-war groups like Veterans for Peace , War Is A Crime , and the War Resisters League have made the connection between militarism and climate disruption a focus of their work . The climate crisis was a pressing concern of hundreds of peace activists from around the world who gathered in Capetown , South Africa in July 2014 . Their conference , organized by War Resisters International , addressed non-violent activism , the impact of climate change , and the rise of militarism around the world . [ 9 ]
Klein says she thinks climate change has a unique galvanizing potential because it presents humanity with an “ existential crisis. ” She sets out to show how it can change everything by weaving “ all of these seemingly disparate issues into a coherent narrative about how to protect humanity from the ravages of a savagely unjust economic system and a destabilized climate system. ” But then her narrative ignores militarism almost entirely . This gives me pause . Can any progressive movement protect the planet without connecting the dots between climate chaos and war or confronting this petro-military empire head on ? If the US and other governments go to war over the planet 's shrinking reserves of energy and other resources , should we keep our focus locked on climate change , or should resisting resource wars become our most immediate concern ?
Another important blind spot in Klein 's book is the issue of “ peak oil. ” This is the point when the rate of petroleum extraction has maxed out and begins to terminally decline . By now it 's become widely accepted that global CONVENTIONAL oil production peaked around 2005 . [ 10 ] Many believe this produced the high oil prices that triggered the 2008 recession and instigated the latest drive to extract expensive , dirty unconventional shale oil and tar sands once the price point finally made them profitable . [ 11 ]
Although some of this extraction is a heavily subsidized , financially speculative bubble that may soon prove over-inflated , the temporary influx of unconventional hydrocarbons has given the economy a brief respite from recession . However , conventional oil production is predicted to drop by over 50 percent in the next two decades while unconventional sources are unlikely to replace any more than 6 percent . [ 12 ] So the global economic breakdown may soon return with a vengeance .
The peak oil predicament raises important movement-building issues for climate activists and all progressives . Klein may have avoided this issue because some folks in the peak oil crowd downplay the need for a powerful climate movement . Not that they think climate disruption is n't a serious problem , but because they believe we are nearing a global industrial collapse brought on by a sharp reduction in the net hydrocarbons available for economic growth . In their estimation , global fossil fuel supplies will drop dramatically relative to rising demand because society will require ever-increasing amounts of energy just to find and extract the remaining dirty , unconventional hydrocarbons .
Thus , even though there may still be enormous amounts of fossil energy underground , society will have to devote ever-greater portions of energy and capital just to get at it , leaving less and less for everything else . Peak oil theorists think this energy and capital drain will devastate the rest of the economy . They believe this looming breakdown may do far more to cut carbon emissions than any political movement . Are they right ? Who knows ? But even if they 're wrong about total collapse , peak hydrocarbons are bound to trigger escalating recessions and accompanying drops in carbon emissions . What will this mean for the climate movement and its galvanizing impact on the Left ?
Klein herself acknowledges that , so far , the biggest reductions in GHG emissions have come from economic recessions , not political action . But she avoids the deeper question this raises : if capitalism lacks the abundant , cheap energy needed to sustain growth , how will the climate movement respond when stagnation , recession , and depression become the new normal and carbon emissions begin falling as a result ?
Klein sees capitalism as a relentless growth machine wreaking havoc with the planet . But capitalism 's prime directive is profit , not growth . If growth turns to contraction and collapse , capitalism wo n't evaporate . Capitalist elites will extract profits from hoarding , corruption , crisis , and conflict . In a growth-less economy , the profit motive can have a devastating catabolic impact on society . The word “ catabolism ” comes from the Greek and is used in biology to refer to the condition whereby a living thing feeds on itself . Catabolic capitalism is a self-cannibalizing economic system . Unless we free ourselves from its grip , catabolic capitalism becomes our future .
Capitalism 's catabolic implosion raises important predicaments that climate activists and the Left must consider . Instead of relentless growth , what if the future becomes a series of energy-induced economic breakdowns–a bumpy , uneven , stair-step tumble off the peak oil plateau ? How will a climate movement respond if credit freezes , financial assets vaporize , currency values fluctuate wildly , trade shuts down , and governments impose draconian measures to maintain their authority ? If Americans ca n't find food in the supermarkets , money in the ATMs , gas in the pumps , and electricity in the power lines , will climate be their central concern ?
Global economic seizures and contractions would radically reduce hydrocarbon use , causing energy prices to tumble temporarily . In the midst of deep recession and dramatic reductions in carbon emissions would climate chaos remain a central public concern and a galvanizing issue for the Left ? If not , how would a progressive movement centered on climate change maintain its momentum ? Will the public be receptive to calls for curbing carbon emissions to save the climate if burning cheaper hydrocarbons seems like the fastest way to kick-start growth , no matter how temporary ?
Under this likely scenario , the climate movement could collapse faster than the economy . A depression-induced reduction in GHGs would be a great thing for the climate , but it would suck for the climate movement because people will see little reason to concern themselves with cutting carbon emissions . In the midst of depression and falling carbon emissions , people and governments will be far more worried about economic recovery . Under these conditions , the movement will only survive if it transfers its focus from climate change to building a stable , sustainable recovery free from addiction to vanishing reserves of fossil fuels .
If green community organizers and social movements initiate nonprofit forms of socially responsible banking , production , and exchange that help people survive systemic breakdowns , they will earn valuable public approval and respect . If they help organize community farms , kitchens , health clinics and neighborhood security , they will gain further cooperation and support . And if they can rally people to protect their savings and pensions and prevent foreclosures , evictions , layoffs , and workplace shutdowns , then popular resistance to catabolic capitalism will grow dramatically . To nurture the transition toward a thriving , just , ecologically stable society , all of these struggles must be interwoven and infused with an inspirational vision of how much better life could be if we freed ourselves from this dysfunctional , profit-obsessed , petroleum-addicted system once and for all .
The lesson that Naomi Klein overlooks seems clear . Climate chaos is just one DEVASTATING symptom of our dysfunctional society . To survive catabolic capitalism and germinate an alternative , movement activists will have to anticipate and help people respond to multiple crises while organizing them to recognize and root out their source . If the movement lacks the foresight to anticipate these cascading calamities and change its focus when needed , we will have squandered a vital lesson from Klein 's previous book , The Shock Doctrine . Unless the Left is capable of envisioning and advancing a better alternative , the power elite will use each new crisis to ram through their agenda of “ drilling and killing ” while society is reeling and traumatized . If the Left can not build a movement strong enough and flexible enough to resist the ecological , economic , and military emergencies of declining industrial civilization and begin generating hopeful alternatives it will quickly lose momentum to those who profit from disaster .
Craig Collins Ph.D. is the author of “ Toxic Loopholes ” ( Cambridge University Press ) , which examines America 's dysfunctional system of environmental protection . He teaches political science and environmental law at California State University East Bay and was a founding member of the Green Party of California .
Even hermit crabs , it turns out , are n't safe from a housing crisis .
In the above clip from the BBC show , `` Life Story , '' several hermit crabs on a small Caribbean island off the coast of Belize are shown in their quest for suitable shelter , which involves lining up according to size and swapping shells in an orderly fashion .
Hermit crabs rely on shells ( and flotsam , in some cases ) to protect their soft abdomens from predators and the elements . They are always on the lookout for shells that might better suit their size and situation since , as the video states , `` To be left without a shell is a death sentence . ''
Amazingly , the crabs have developed this very cooperative , if self-serving , way of swapping shells -- a sociological behavior scientists call a `` vacancy chain . '' Mark Laidre , then a post-doctoral fellow at the University of California , Berkeley , published a 2012 study that found that hermit crabs congregate around a smaller hermit crab , form a `` conga line '' smallest to largest , and then take turns moving into a larger shell .
This behavior was witnessed firsthand by two researchers from Tufts University who experimented with Caribbean hermits on an island in Belize called Carrie Bow Cay . By providing pristine shells to hermit crabs on a beach , they watched as crabs organized their house-swapping ritual .
Scientific American describes how after a lone crab inspected and passed on a shell that was too big , it patiently waited nearby .
Eventually other crabs showed up , each one trying on the shell . If the shell was also too big for the newcomers , they hung around too , sometimes forming groups as large as 20 . The crabs did not gather in a random arrangement , however . Rather , they clamped onto one another in a conga line stretching from the largest to the smallest animal—a behavior the biologists dubbed `` piggybacking . ''
Sometimes , it does n't work out well for everybody . In the BBC clip above , one little crab ends up in a shell with a hole in it , worse off than when it first joined the conga line .
Abstract : In response to the unexpected paucity of blood/tissue spatter at the site where a body of an adult woman was dismembered by an electric chainsaw , we dismembered two large pig carcasses with a small electric chainsaw in a controlled environment . These experiments demonstrated first that a large carcass could be easily dismembered by a small electric chainsaw . When the chainsaw bar is held parallel to the ground the majority of the blood and tissue is deposited directly beneath the saw and bar and very little elsewhere . If the discharge chute of the saw however is not oriented directly at the ground , larger amounts of blood and tissue may be sprayed on lateral surfaces or deposited some distance from the chainsaw . The characteristic striations created on the surface of wood as it is cut by a chainsaw can also be found on bony surfaces cut by a chainsaw .
The interpretation of blood spatter evidence has a long‐standing record of being useful in determining the mechanism of inflicted trauma , and to a limited degree , the type of weapon used in an injury ( 1 ) . Blood spatter evidence can often suggest the velocity component of a weapon , e.g. , the spatter pattern associated with gunshot wounds . However , the spatter patterns associated with some other inherently “ energetic ” weapons have not been rigorously studied . We report herein the blood and tissue spatter pattern along with tool marks on bone and skin associated with dismembering a large swine carcass with a chainsaw .
Materials and Methods In February of 2005 , a 43‐year‐old , 108‐kg , woman was reported missing . The ensuing police investigation and evidence found at the suspected scene suggested that the missing woman had been killed and subsequently dismembered in the basement of the residence . A part of the incriminating evidence was the recovery of a purchase receipt for an electric chainsaw , which was never recovered . The location of the suspected dismemberment was in the basement of the home in a small confined space once used as a coal room ( approximately 2 × 3 × 3 m ) with a concrete floor . When the house was entered as part of the investigation , the coal room was found to have been recently , and partially , repainted with blue paint consisting of a few dabs of paint in a patchwork fashion on the walls and completely covering the floor . Although no blood was discovered in the room , a few small pieces of bone and soft tissue were recovered and were subsequently shown by DNA evidence to have belonged to the victim . The scant fragments of recovered bone and soft tissue were found on the lateral walls no more than 1 m above the floor . Several small , superficial , fresh divots were noted on the concrete floor of the room ( Fig . 1 ) . Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint —Divots in the concrete floor of the victim 's suspected dismemberment site . Twenty‐one and 23 days , respectively , after the suspected time of death , the victim 's lower legs ( amputated below the knees ) and the victim 's pelvis and thighs were recovered from a local landfill . The bony surfaces of the recovered body parts showed striations felt to be consistent with dismemberment by a chainsaw . Fifty‐four days after the suspected day of death the remainder of the victim 's body ( intact from the pelvic brim upward ) was recovered wrapped in blankets in a ditch . This larger body segment matched the previously recovered segments and also showed bony striations felt to be consistent with a chainsaw dismemberment . Neither large portion of the body , nor the legs , showed any evidence of hesitation marks or “ false starts ” on either skin or bone surfaces . DNA markers confirmed that the recovered body segments were those of the missing victim . Those investigating the crime however were uncertain that an electric chainsaw could have been used to dismember a large human body in such a small , enclosed , space with such little evidence of blood or tissue spatter . There also was skepticism that the small electric chainsaw apparently purchased by the assailant could be powerful enough to dismember a large body without becoming fouled in soft tissue and bone . To address the above questions an experimental reenactment of the dismemberment was conducted . Although the suspect electric chainsaw was never found , the same make and model of electric chainsaw , as noted on the recovered receipt at the scene , was used in the experiment : a Remington 1.5 HP ( M15014US ; DESA LLC , Bowling Green , KY ) ( Fig . 2 ) . The chainsaw was unused prior to the experiment . White cotton sheeting was used to recreate the dimensions of the small basement coal room . A humanely euthanized 90‐kg female pulock pig was used as the test carcass . The decedent had sustained severe blunt head trauma with associated hemorrhage suggesting that the trauma , which represented a potential cause of death , was sustained during life . None of the dismemberment surfaces however showed any evidence of hemorrhage to suggest any portion of the dismemberment had been attempted while the decedent was alive . Since the decedent had been reported missing for 2 days before the purchase date of the electric chainsaw , a 2‐day postmortem interval prior to the dismemberment was presumed . The pig carcass therefore was allowed to lie on a concrete floor at room temperature for 2 days after death before the experiment commenced . At the time of the first experimental dismemberment , the pig was placed on a large piece of plywood painted white . Figure 2 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint —The Remington 1.5 HP chainsaw corresponding to the model found on the receipt in the decedent 's home and the chainsaw used in the first pig dismemberment . Later the experiment was repeated using a McCulloch 1.5 HP ( MS1415 ; Husqvarna Group . Stockholm , Sweden ) electric chainsaw with the same‐sized motor to dismember a freshly killed pig of similar size and weight .
Discussion These experiments have shown that a human body may be easily dismembered with a chainsaw , even a smaller electric‐powered model . As a body or carcass is dismembered by a chainsaw , the chainsaw often leaves characteristic periodic striations on the cut bone surfaces ( Fig . 10 ) . These striations are similar to the familiar striations left on the surfaces of wooden logs ( Fig . 11 ) that are cut with a chainsaw and can offer a valuable clue that a chainsaw was used in dismemberment . To preserve dismemberment bone cut surfaces for further examination , including possible tool‐mark evaluation , we recommend that a length of bone to include the cut surface be removed from the dismembered body/carcass and preserved separately through formalin fixation or freezing . Despite popular beliefs fueled by crime scene shows on television and recent Chainsaw Massacre movies , postmortem dismemberment does not necessarily produce a large amount of blood spatter at a dismemberment scene . In bodies with a longer postmortem interval , there may even be less blood left at a scene . In fact , it is possible that the only evidence that a chainsaw dismemberment has occurred may be superficial divots on the flooring produced by the chainsaw blade as it severs the last bit of tissue and contacts the floor . Very little has been written about blood spatter and chainsaw injuries ( 2-5 ) . Campman et al . ( 5 ) describe a 10‐feet long “ V‐shaped blood spatter pattern on the floor ” at a scene where an individual had committed suicide by placing their neck into an electric chainsaw mounted with the discharge chute pointed parallel to the ground . This article ( 5 ) and our experiment illustrate that the majority of blood and tissue discharged by the chainsaw exits the saw via the discharge chute at the bottom of the saw ( Fig . 8 ) . With a horizontally oriented chainsaw , therefore , the majority of the tissue and blood will be found on the ground beneath the saw . If the chainsaw discharge chute , however , is not directed towards the ground , then a large volume of blood and tissue , and subsequent spatter , could be expected some distance from the saw ( 5 ) .
Acknowledgments The authors would like to gratefully acknowledge Sioux Falls Police personnel Marc Toft and Jessica Lichty , Frank Rance , Dr. Kent Donelan , and Ann Randall for their assistance in the pig dismembering and wood cutting sessions . The project was funded in part from the LCM Pathologist Foundation as part of the Sioux Falls Area Foundation .
Now that everyone and their grandmother have at least two cores , you can double the efficiency by distributing the workload . However , multithreading support in pure shell scripts is terrible , even though you often do things that can take a while , like encoding a bunch of chip tunes to ogg vorbis :
mkdir ogg for file in * .mod do xmp -d wav -o - `` $ file '' | oggenc -q 3 -o `` ogg/ $ file.ogg '' done
This is exactly the kind of operation that is conceptually trivial to parallelize , but not obvious to implement in a shell script . Sure , you could run them all in the background and wait for them , but that will give you a load average equal to the number of files . Not fun when there are hundreds of files .
You can run two ( or however many ) in the background , wait and then start two more , but that 'll give terrible performance when the jobs are n't of roughly equal length , since at the end , the longest running job will be blocking the other eager cores .
Instead of listing ways that wo n't work , I 'll get to the point : GNU ( and FreeBSD ) xargs has a -P for specifying the number of jobs to run in parallel !
Let 's rewrite that conversion loop to parallelize
mod2ogg ( ) { for arg ; do xmp -d wav -o - `` $ arg '' | oggenc -q 3 -o `` ogg/ $ arg.ogg '' - ; done } export -f mod2ogg find . -name ' * .mod ' -print0 | xargs -0 -n 1 -P 2 bash -c 'mod2ogg `` $ @ '' ' --
And if we already had a mod2ogg script , similar to the function just defined , it would have been simpler :
find . -name ' * .mod ' -print0 | xargs -0 -n 1 -P 2 mod2ogg
Voila . Twice as fast , and you can just increase the -P with fancier hardware .
On the evening following Wednesday 's gun attack at the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo confirmed that the lights of the French capital 's Eiffel Tower would be switched off at 8 p.m. local time ( 1900 GMT ) , as a vigil got underway at the Place de la Republique on the other side of the capital .
`` Our city has been a refuge for writers , philosophers , journalists who were threatened for their ideas , '' Hidaglo told French paper Liberation . `` There is no place in Paris for extremist ideas of any sort . ''
A mass commemorating the victims of the Paris attack was also held by Pope Francis on Thursday afternoon in Saint Martha 's Chapel , opposite St Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican .
`` Let us pray in this mass , for the victims of this cruelty ... Let us also pray for the perpetrators of these cruel acts , so that the Lord might transform their hearts , '' he said .
'Stupidity will not win '
The satirical magazine , which was targeted in Wednesday 's fatal attack , also announced on Thursday that a `` survivors ' issue '' will be published next Wednesday .
Charlie Hebdo columnist Partrick Pelloux told AFP news agency that the the magazine had decided to continue publishing to show that `` stupidity will not win . ''
Normally just 60,000 copies of the weekly magazine would be printed , only a half of which are usually sold . Following a wave of support to save Charlie Hebdo from bankruptcy , however , 1 million copies will be printed next Wednesday .
Copies of this week 's issue have also been appearing on online auction websites with bids of over 70,000 euros ( $ 82,400 ) .
Manhunt
French officers continued on Thursday , however , to hunt down the two missing gunmen in the northeastern region of Picardy . A third suspect in the killing , 18-year-old Mourad Hamyd , turned himself in to police in the town of Charleville-Mezieres on Wednesday evening after learning he had been linked to the attacks .
Cherif Kouachi and his brother Said are thought to have been seen on Thursday morning at a gas station near the small town of Villers-Cotterets - 60 kilometers ( 38 miles ) northeast of Paris .
Amid speculation that the attackers might be heading for Calais , the UK also increased its security at some ports and border entry points on Thursday .
Earlier on Thursday , a policewoman was shot dead in a separate incident in Paris . It remains unclear whether the shooting was linked to Wednesday 's attack . Two men were later taken into custody .
ksb/msh ( Reuters , AFP , AP , dpa )
The top five African countries to invest in for high yields
Dateline : Krakow , Poland
Many in this field tend to focus on opportunities in emerging Asia , often along with Latin America and Eastern Europe . But one continent usually gets left out , and that 's Africa .
Smart investors are going behind the scenes and taking advantage of opportunities on the continent that really is the last frontier . In fact , Africa is viewed with such optimism by the Chinese that over 70 % of their foreign direct investment is in African countries . Anyone who 's paid attention over the last couple of decades should know that it 's wise to pay attention to where the Chinese are going with their money .
Following China 's lead , countries like India , Turkey and Russia , along with much of the Western world are also stepping up their investment efforts on the continent . The United States , for example , has doubled bilateral trade with sub-Saharan Africa since 2001 .
Many businesses and investors are still relatively unaware of the opportunity in Africa and , as the continent is still a fairly small economy , fragmented into almost fifty countries , it 's difficult to find good information . However , over the past couple of decades , several African countries have undergone economic reforms and have become much better places to do business than much of the world .
As with all frontier markets , there are risks of investing in Africa due to corruption and lack of transparency , but if you 're willing to deal with the risks or do the homework to avoid them , the returns will be much greater than anywhere in the developed world . In the first decade of this century , African countries delivered 14 % yearly returns on investment , a high number for even emerging markets ; and 9 of the 15 fastest growing countries in the world are in Africa .
The continent is rich in farmland and natural resources , and as the world 's population continues to grow , these resources will become more and more valuable . As Africa grows , its countries will need everything from telecommunication and transportation services to convenience products for a growing middle class .
Beyond commodity exports , as wages rise in Asia , Africa will be the last remaining low-wage region in the world and being more proximate to North America and Europe than Asia will afford it the opportunity to grow its manufacturing base as well .
Africa is a large and diverse continent , and while there are bastions of opportunity , there are also places so corrupt and unstable that I would recommend that almost everyone stays away from them for now .
That being said , there are five countries in Africa that I believe show the most promise , and getting in now will be one of the wisest investments of this century :
Kenya
Kenya is home to the fastest growing economy in Africa , and the third fastest in the world . Its location on the eastern shore of Africa positions it as a transportation hub and gateway to the continent . It 's the largest economy in East Africa and has a young , highly-educated , English speaking workforce . Because of this , it 's the regional headquarters for virtually all multinational brands in the area . It 's capital , Nairobi is the largest city between Cairo and Johannesburg .
Kenya is making huge investments in transportation , telecommunications , energy ( such as a $ 700 million wind power project by Google ) and grid infrastructure . Finding an opportunity to invest in a complementary vertical would be where I would see opportunity in what is one of the more stable regions of Africa . Also , with high speed internet , VC firms , a tech-savvy workforce , and a time zone compatible with Europe and Asia , Kenya is one of the top places in Africa to launch a startup .
With strong property rights , a mature , diversified economy , and improving infrastructure , Kenya is one of the top African countries to invest in or in which to start a business .
Ghana
One of the most stable countries on Africa 's west coast , Ghana is expected to enjoy 32.7 % capital growth over the next five years . English is widely spoken here , but we 've found that it may not be the best place for entrepreneurship .
However , it is one of the most free market economies in Africa . Plus , foreign property ownership in Ghana is permitted and real estate prices are still rather reasonable , especially compared with much of the continent . Its capital , Accra , is one of the most livable frontier market cities in the world .
There are enormous opportunities here for real estate , telecommunications , financial services , energy and manufacturing . While it 's made massive gains in all of these areas recently , it 's nowhere near its potential .
Rwanda
Since the 1994 Rwandan Genocide the country has recovered at an unbelievable pace . Fiercely anti-corruption President Paul Kagame has modeled himself after Lee Kuan Yew in hopes of turning Rwanda into the “ Singapore of Africa ” . It 's one of the easier countries in the world to do business in as you can get a business started within one day .
As a small country , it 's already having as much success in the startup and IT sector as any on the continent . It is home to several incubators and is already host to Carnegie Mellon 's only campus in Africa .
While the country may not have as developed of an economy , skilled of a workforce or access to the resources that others on this list do , it is investing in technology and infrastructure and , if it stays the course , it has the fundamentals to succeed long term .
Mauritius
A small island in the Indian Ocean , Mauritius is Africa 's answer to hassle free , foreigner friendly islands found in other parts of the world . Not settled until this colonial period , the country is multiethnic , multi-religious , multicultural and multilingual .
Its government is consistently ranked highly for democracy and economic and political freedom . In fact , the Heritage Foundation ranks Mauritius as the 10th freest economy in the world , especially due to investment freedom . It is also one of the top 20 countries for doing business according to the World Bank . As more money flows through Africa , look for Mauritius to become a Hong Kong of sorts as an offshore financial center .
In addition to being a hub for financial services , it 's also a beautiful island that attracts a large amount of tourism . Foreigners are allowed to own and develop property on the island and automatically qualify for permanent residency if they invest more than $ 500,000 .
Botswana
Botswana is an economic case study in development success .
Rather than fall victim to the cycle of foreign aid and bad governance that has afflicted much of sub-Saharan Africa , Botswana has averaged roughly 9 % annual growth – the highest average in the world – since independence from Britain in 1966 . The country has brought GDP per capita from US $ 70 to $ 14,000 today , making Botswana an upper-middle income economy , comparable to Chile and Argentina .
It has the lowest corruption in Africa as well as one of the freest economies . Poverty has been reduced while education has become widespread .
While much of Botswana 's economy is based in diamonds , it has a substantial financial reserve and manufacturing is continuing to grow as its economy diversifies . As its reliance on minerals wanes , there will be opportunities for growth in other areas and , as the country has proven that it 's a good bet for business , it will be one to look at in Africa .
Does it come fully fur-nished ? Dream home designed especially for cats to enjoy
Japanese firm offers apartment built with favourite pets in mind
Elevated platforms , cat flaps on every door and scratch-proof surfaces
It 's the purrfect place for the ultimate cat lover to reside .
A Japanese house building company has designed a flat filled with features especially designed for favourite pets .
It includes elevated platforms , tunnels , cat flaps in every door , steps to wooden beams and viewing areas which are dispersed around the property .
Scroll down for video
The dream home for cats has features such as wooden beams around the room and a litter box in the bathroom
The Japanese company studied cat and human interaction before coming up with the design for a perfect cat home
Window fencing allows cats to climb but not escape from the apartment
Even the bathroom has a commode next to the cat 's litter box - although thankfully there is a partition in between .
Inthralled website described how the 'cat-proof ' surfaces have also been used throughout which are resistant to scratches and easy to clean - making it the ideal residence for feline friends .
Designers at Asahi Kasei researched cat and human interaction before coming up with their cat home .
A caged outdoor area allows cats to get a breath of fresh air but not to escape
A floor plan of the Japanese-built cat home which has gone on sale
VIDEO A cat's-eye view of the specially-made apartment
VIDEO Take a tour of the cat apartment in Japan
A Dream Home For Cats by Asahi Kasei by Inthralld
www.catshouse.jp ( English available )
www.fauna.jp ( only Japanese )
`` I 've seen a lot of people guessing what this comic is online , and it 's not what you think it is , '' says writer Tom King about the popular new series .
For decades , Scott Free — better known as Mister Miracle — has been a cult figure in DC Entertainment 's comic book mythology . Part of the `` Fourth World '' cycle of books created by comic book legend Jack Kirby , he was a member of the Justice League and has been revived a number of times since his original appearances , but never quite hit it big … until this month .
The new Mister Miracle series marks the third collaboration between writer Tom King and artist Mitch Gerads , following their critically acclaimed Sheriff of Babylon miniseries for DC 's Vertigo imprint and a handful of issues of the current Batman series . It 's also , after the Aug. 9 release of its first issue , a contender for the most buzzed-about comic of the year .
`` The reaction has been crazy . I 've never done anything in my career that has had this kind of reaction , '' Gerads tells Heat Vision via phone . `` My first instinct after [ the first day of release ] was to go over the PDF of issue two about a hundred times to make sure that it 's good . ''
The first issue of the series sold out on the distributor level within 24 hours of release , with a second print due in stores on the same day as the second issue next month . Critically acclaimed across the board , the series takes the Kirby character — who first appeared in 1971 's Mister Miracle No . 1 — in a new direction that sees him struggle with the aftermath of a failed suicide attempt while fighting to save his home planet from the forces of Darkseid .
The result is a comic that 's heartbreaking , complex and subtle — and a million miles away from Kirby 's bombastic style of storytelling . According to King and Gerads , that was a deliberate decision .
`` A lot of people have done Kirby , and they 've done him very well , but you ca n't be smarter than Kirby , you ca n't be more imaginative than Kirby , '' says King . Gerads agrees . `` You ca n't out-Kirby Kirby , and I think that 's where a lot of creative teams in the past had gone wrong with Kirby properties — their first instinct is , 'Oh , I want to homage Kirby , I want to do what Kirby did . ' And nobody can do that except Jack Kirby ! '' According to King , the two decided that `` the way to pay tribute to Kirby was to try and do something new — to try and take what he had done and add our strengths to it , which is what I think he would do . ''
The final pages of the opening issue of the series sent Mister Miracle and his wife , Barda , back to his home world , New Genesis , to face Darkseid 's army , and preview pages for the second issue below show some of what follows . King teases , however , that what lies ahead in the rest of the series is n't what anyone would expect .
`` I 've seen a lot of people guessing what this comic is online , and it 's not what you think it is , which I think is the best thing about it , '' he says . `` What makes me so excited about this comic is that it transitions between two different worlds . It lives in [ a ] Game of Thrones world , and also kind of domestic drama world . I think that contrast is what I 'm most excited about people seeing — that we can be both things at the same time and create that dramatic tension . ''
Mister Miracle No . 1 is available now , with the second issue currently available for preorder and released in comic book stores and digitally Sept. 13 .
Story highlights Perry 's chief lawyer said the charges `` have no merit ''
Texas governor charged last week with felonies related to his veto of a funding bill
Charges allege he used the legislation to try and get local prosecutor to quit
Perry will be booked Tuesday ; First court appearance on Friday
`` Let me be clear about this , '' Houston attorney Tony Buzbee said on Monday . `` Governor Perry will fight this indictment one hundred percent . And at the end of the day he will prevail because he is on the side of the rule of law . ''
Buzbee , addressing reporters at a news conference in Austin , was flanked by prominent Republican attorney Bobby Burchfield , criminal lawyer David Botsford and former Romney presidential campaign legal counsel Ben Ginsberg .
A grand jury in Travis County indicted Perry last Friday on two felony counts stemming from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by Travis Country District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , unless she stepped down , according to the special prosecutor in the case , Michael McCrum .
The case centers on Perry 's June 2013 veto of the $ 7.5 million budget for the unit run by Lehmberg , after she refused his demand to resign following her drunken driving arrest and conviction .
JUST WATCHED Perry : Indictment is an 'abuse of power ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Perry : Indictment is an 'abuse of power ' 01:41
JUST WATCHED Perry indictment : A 2016 roadblock ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Perry indictment : A 2016 roadblock ? 02:45
JUST WATCHED The case against Gov . Rick Perry Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The case against Gov . Rick Perry 01:15
Perry faces accusations of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity in connection with the threat and veto .
Perry will be booked Tuesday at the Travis County Court in Austin . He will be fingerprinted and have his mug shot taken , according to Buzbee . Perry 's first court appearance is Friday .
Perry 's lawyers , who played video snippets of an apparently intoxicated Lehmberg in police custody , insisted the governor had a legal right to tie funding for the public integrity unit to Lehmberg 's removal .
`` Governor Perry did what anyone else would do , '' Buzbee said . `` Anyone who sees that video '' would have `` lost confidence '' in Lehmberg .
That said , the lawyers argued that the governor had no legal obligation to offer any rationale for his veto , which they insisted was protected the basic constitutional principle of separation of powers .
`` This is nothing more than banana republic politics '' and a `` nasty attack '' on the `` rule of law , '' Buzbee insisted .
And Perry 's explanation of his veto , Buzbee added , was protected under the `` right to free speech under the First Amendment . ''
Birchfield called the indictment `` an attempt to criminalize politics , pure and simple , '' while Ginsberg warned that it could `` set a harmful precedent in separation of powers doctrine . ''
It needs to be fought `` as a matter of principle , '' he said .
As for Perry 's looming summons , Buzbee acknowledged that `` there will of course be a point where Governor Perry will have to appear . ''
`` But that is not something we are going to keep you in the dark about , '' he told the reporters , possibly reflecting growing confidence among the governor 's advisers that they can turn the controversy to his political advantage .
So far , other prominent Republicans have rallied to Perry 's defense .
New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie , the head of the Republican Governor 's Association and another potential 2016 presidential candidate , issued a statement Monday declaring his `` complete faith and confidence '' in Perry 's `` honesty and integrity . ''
And former Texas congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul on Monday called Perry 's indictment `` a joke . ''
Asked if Texas taxpayers would pay Perry 's legal bills , the team acknowledged that the public would pick up some share of the cost for his defense .
The veil was lifted Thursday on decades of confidential sexual abuse allegations in the ranks of the Boy Scouts of America with the court-ordered release of more than 1,200 of the organization 's “ perversion files . ”
The files offer the public an unprecedented look at how suspected molestations were handled by one of the nation 's leading youth organizations from the early 1960s through 1985 , a time when awareness of sexual abuse was evolving rapidly .
“ The secrets are out , ” said Kelly Clark , one of the plaintiff 's lawyers in an Oregon lawsuit that resulted in a nearly $ 20-million judgment against the Scouts in 2010 . “ Child abuse thrives in secrecy and secret systems are where it breeds . And these secrets are out . ”
ON THE MAP : Names , locations of alleged sex abuse
Clark 's office made the files public -- minus the names of victims and others who reported suspected abuse -- after the Oregon Supreme Court ordered their release in June at the request of news organizations including the Oregonian newspaper of Portland , Oregon Public Broadcasting , the New York Times and the Associated Press .
The Los Angeles Times is incorporating the files into its own online database , which contains information on nearly 5,000 such cases spanning 1947 to January 2005 . The database offers a complete record of files during that period except for an unknown number of files that have been purged by the Scouts over the years . In more than 300 cases , the allegations involve someone with ties to a troop or unit in California .
In a statement Thursday , the Boy Scouts ' national president , Wayne Perry , underscored the organization 's enhanced child-protection efforts in recent years , including beefed-up background checks and training of leaders and mandatory reporting of all suspected abuse .
FULL COVERAGE : Inside the 'perversion files '
He also acknowledged that incidents of abuse have occurred , some mishandled by the Scouts .
“ There have been instances where people misused their positions in Scouting to abuse children , and in certain cases , our response to these incidents and our efforts to protect youth were plainly insufficient , inappropriate , or wrong , ” Perry said . “ Where those involved in Scouting failed to protect , or worse , inflicted harm on children , we extend our deepest and sincere apologies to victims and their families . “
In recent months , The Times has published an investigation of those files and thousands of case summaries from 1940 to 2005 . The files and summaries were obtained from Seattle attorney Timothy Kosnoff , who has sued the Scouts on behalf of dozens of abuse victims .
DOCUMENTS : A paper trail of abuse
The Times investigation has revealed a broad range of patterns in the Scouts ' handling of abuse allegations that echo similar revelations about the Catholic Church and , more recently , the Penn State scandal involving assistant coach Jerry Sandusky .
“ How can I be known for being a visionary , for being truly great ? ” Carmelo Anthony asked one of his brand managers in this month 's ESPN Magazine profile of him .
There are a number of different ways to answer that question depending on which definition of “ visionary ” you subscribe to . I see that word thrown around a lot these days on the web and , unfortunately , I think it has lost some of its meaning . As for me , I like the straightforward definition my dictionary app gives : a person with original ideas about what the future could be like .
As fans when we think about a player 's legacy , we tend to base it more on anecdotal accounts than we do on career statistics , and there 's no doubt Melo 's career will end with him being inducted into the Hall of Fame . Will he get there with championships attached to his name ? At the looks of it , things seem pretty bleak , but forget about championships for a minute . Will he get there known for being a player that made those around him , and ultimately his team better ? Hell , will he even get there with more than second round playoff success ? Of course this is the same old palaver we have all heard before , and precisely the kind Melo mentioned being sick of .
Then again , as Melo said , he wants to be known for being more than just a basketball player . The story of him being disturbed that his son Kiyan can only sum up his dad as “ a basketball player , ” and nothing else , was touching and challenges us to think of Melo beyond the game of basketball . So when he told his brand managers he wants to be bigger than just a basketball player , they quickly filled in those holes by reassuring Melo that his story of triumphing out of poverty and becoming the star he is today is what makes him stand out from others . I 've always believed that the adversity makes the most out of a man , and I agree with his brand managers here , but honestly , about half the league can also say this about themselves .
So the question remains ; what can Melo do to ensure he is remembered as a visionary ? When an athlete 's career is over , they are typically remembered for the accomplishments they achieved in their sport , or for their success in business . With the shocking amount of athletes that go broke after retirement , within 5 years 60 % of NBA players will , continued financial success seems especially notable . While Melo 's interview focused heavily on his hopes for business ventures , it 's easy to tell that he does n't want money to define him any more than wins though . In his words he wants “ a bulletproof legacy ” to leave behind him , and according to his brand managers , he 's already there . When told his website has 1.7 million page views and that he has 5.6 million followers on Twitter , Melo responded with “ That 's good . That 's real impact . ”
“ Impact ”
I want to talk about “ real impact ” for a moment . By now there 's no doubt Melo is dutifully consumed with leaving his mark on the world and contributing enough to ensure the next time his son has to write about his father , he can have a lot more to write about other than “ basketball player. ” The article makes reference to Melo calling other successful athletes for advice and forming a close relationship with former Columbia House President Stuart Goldfarb . This makes me wonder how others are guiding him on how to make that impact he is seeking . In fact , Melo is n't the only NBA player that has been concerned with making an impact on the world recently .
A few days ago Animal Planet aired a documentary called “ Saving Africa 's Giants ” which followed Yao Ming around central Africa as he continues his journey to help bring an end to China 's ferocious ivory demand that 's devastated the world 's remaining elephant and rhino populations . Yao has made this a personal mission , and it 's not even the first time he 's taken on a global issue . A year ago , it was reported that a similar campaign he took to end China 's shark fin soup demand has had some dramatic success in slowing Chinese appetites for that delicacy- a 30 % decline that 's been called simply astounding .
Of course Yao is n't the only NBA player that has taken on global causes that have been ripped from the headlines . Earlier this month , the Center for Disease Control Foundation announced bringing on Dikembe Mutombo to their Board of Directors . They seek to tap into his experience in building Hospitals in the Democratic Republic of Congo to help stem the tide of the current Ebola outbreak that 's taken over 5,500 lives . Remember that simple definition of “ visionary ” at the beginning of this article ? The work being done by former All-Stars Yao and Mutombo is what leaves a mark on the world and will speak much louder of them than their career statistics will , or the fact they never won a ring . They may not be NBA Champions but in the world 's eyes , they are greater than that .
“ Visionary ”
As for Melo and his own journey to leave a mark on the world , he 's gone the way of investing in a portfolio of tech startups . Despite recent concerns that the tech bubble is about to burst , his partnership with Goldfarb is a shrewd one that will hopefully guide him through the deluge of venture capitalists and business plans probably headed his way . He 's not the first NBA player to take an interest in tech , but with other players still investing in classic gambles like restaurants and drinks , he might be the most popular of them investing in tech . I guess this is what makes him a visionary .
Unfortunately for Melo , fans probably are n't going to remember him for his business ventures . I personally could n't care less about them since I just want to watch a respectable team . No , years from now when Knick fans talk about Melo it will go one of three ways : the guy that finally brought a championship to New York , gifted player that was fun to watch while he was here , or simply perennial loser # 746 that the Knicks threw all their money at with nothing to show for it . “ Visionary ” wo n't be used in those conversations because that 's a word some of us save for evocative names like Malala Yousafzi , Elon Musk , Geoffrey Canada , Salman Kahn , Ai Weiwei , Pope Francis , and , heck , maybe even Yao Ming . With the way we think of sports stars differently than other public figures , Melo might be left just being another rich athlete and not much else to the rest of us .
Here 's the thing about being remembered as visionary though : he still might be able to attain that from old fashioned success on the court . For Melo to pass on the league leading Chicago Bulls aggressive pursuit of him this past summer , it undoubtedly took vision to look at the Knicks scrapyard of a roster and convince himself into thinking he could turn this pitiful team around . It took vision to force his way to New York in the first place when just about every other big name athlete passed on the challenge and scrutiny of playing here . I really do like Melo as a player , and I have a great deal of respect for him as an individual , more so than I do for most athletes . I also really am impressed by these existential questions Melo is asking about himself that few athletes probably ever care to think about .
However , I think in order to have a “ bulletproof ” legacy , it has to start on the court first . Even his brand managers agree with that by their harsh admission that he 'll be “ irrelevant in 5 years when he 's only scoring 12 points a game , ” so by that measure time is running out . One thing does n't change though , and that 's the fact that bringing a championship to Madison Square Garden remains one of the greatest and most elusive feats in modern sports . That alone will forever enshroud an athlete in praise . Can you even imagine the media reaction of that in today 's constant news/opinion saturated world ? Multiply that by ten .
Of course if Melo is genuine in wanting to be remembered outside of basketball , as a wildly popular multimillionaire athlete , he has a unique ability to influence others , and he can do it right here in New York City . With Thanksgiving a few days away and New York families in need as much as ever ( half of New York City ) , he can follow Yao and Mutumbo 's lead and do something truly impactful . Something that gets the attention of those that do n't follow sports , and something his son will remember the next time he has to write about what his dad does for a living .
Ultimately , Melo does n't owe anybody anything , not even Knick fans . It 's Melo 's choice to do what he wants with his money and career , but if he is serious about being remembered as visionary , I truly look forward to seeing where this journey takes him , and I 'll damn sure be rooting for him the rest of the way .
Follow Richard Bertin on Twitter @ RichardBertin and check out his Knicks ' blog “ Starks Raving Mad ” or email him at [ email protected ]
zhoutong
Hero Member
Offline
Activity : 490
Merit : 502
VIPHero MemberActivity : 490Merit : 502 Bitcoinica lost 43,554 BTC from Linode compromise , suspicious TXIDs publicized March 02 , 2012 , 03:37:39 AM # 1 We did n't have the opportunity to scan our whole system for suspicious transactions that were not initiated from our customers because we had to shut down the system immediately after we 've discovered the huge loss . We did get a rough estimate and we published a press release to warn our users about the deposit address replacement .
However , now we have concluded that we lost 43,554 BTC from this incident and we will reimburse our customers for the full amount . For transparency , we would like to disclose all the suspicious transaction ids in this incident :
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1F3czt4VGUGdmrXW4qbh8hbQZ1hcHpwFGT '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -1999.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : -0.01750000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` 5a09f4ef0e91bc7bc044365cd27236fe4ac3c02088ac21ab51c93c8a11d33d4b '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1DMuVKe9PKpx3dbs2b2MnXuVmLfA4drHif '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -20555.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` 7b45c1742ca9f544cccd92d319ef8a5e19b7dcb8742990724c6a9c2f569ae732 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 13CmJpbAueuWiPKw3UYU4vXEcZ4WzP6nxt '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -3000.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` 901dbcef30a541b8b55fae8f7ad9917ef0754bda5b643705f3773e590785c4d3 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1978kFf3WKYiZsy89WX6qJ8vxWAbRWFGLq '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -0.01002773 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` 901dbcef30a541b8b55fae8f7ad9917ef0754bda5b643705f3773e590785c4d3 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1JL7vc2Ecn8QeeBYdpAP22pVpaSP6Cni3J '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -3000.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` a57132e2cbc580ac262aa3f7bac1e441d6573f9633118bc48009618585a0967e '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 13CmJpbAueuWiPKw3UYU4vXEcZ4WzP6nxt '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -3000.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` a82ad85286c68f37a2feda1f5e8a4efa9db1e642b4ef53cb9fd86170169e5e68 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 15WoJ7L4AUfGHWdGj45NY9rFNiwU48woX2 '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -0.01002644 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` a82ad85286c68f37a2feda1f5e8a4efa9db1e642b4ef53cb9fd86170169e5e68 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1NRy8GbX56MymBhDYMyqsNKwW9VupqKVG7 '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -2000.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` ff04763e3e8c93e43799dbbca833e183faad7e2611f20f136f47c2f1049481ae '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
} ,
{
`` account '' : `` '' ,
`` address '' : `` 1AaXeH5DuP6FpPxdCn9RGXKWhSG4r9Hq9q '' ,
`` category '' : `` send '' ,
`` amount '' : -10000.00000000 ,
`` fee '' : 0.00000000 ,
`` confirmations '' : 99 ,
`` txid '' : `` 0268b7285b95444808753969099f7ae43fb4193d442e3e0deebb10e2bb1764d0 '' ,
`` time '' : 1330584607
}
Again , we would like to reassure that trading will not be in any way affected and we are already in the process of contacting Linode regarding this incident . The Bitcoinica system has not been compromised and our reserves are more than sufficient for regular trading activities .
Donations for my future Bitcoin projects : 19Uk3tiD5XkBcmHyQYhJxp9QHoub7RosVb Founder of NameTerrific ( https : //www.nameterrific.com/ ) . Co-founder of CoinJar ( https : //coinjar.io/ Donations for my future Bitcoin projects : 19Uk3tiD5XkBcmHyQYhJxp9QHoub7RosVb
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous . with an advanced technology . Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum . They may be unsafe , untrustworthy , or illegal in your jurisdiction . Advertise here .
cypherdoc
Offline
Activity : 1764
Merit : 1002
LegendaryActivity : 1764Merit : 1002 Re : Bitcoinica lost 43,554 BTC from Linode compromise , suspicious TXIDs publicized March 02 , 2012 , 03:45:38 AM # 9 Quote from : myself on March 02 , 2012 , 03:42:17 AM http : //status.linode.com/2012/03/manager-security-incident.html
Quote Manager Security Incident
Ensuring the security of our platform is our top priority . We maintain a strong security policy and aim to communicate openly should it ever be compromised . Thus , we are posting to describe a recent incident affecting the Linode Manager .
Here are the facts :
This morning , an intruder accessed a web-based Linode customer service portal . Suspicious events prompted an immediate investigation and the compromised credentials used by this intruder were then restricted . All activity via the web portal is logged , and an exhaustive audit has provided the following :
All activity by the intruder was limited to a total of eight customers , all of which had references to `` bitcoin '' . The intruder proceeded to compromise those Linode Manager accounts , with the apparent goal of finding and transferring any bitcoins . Those customers affected have been notified . If you have not received a notification then your account is unaffected . Again , only eight accounts were affected .
The portal does not have access to credit card information or Linode Manager user passwords . Only those eight accounts were viewed or manipulated -- no other accounts were viewed or accessed .
Security is our number one priority and has been for over eight years . We depend on and value the trust our customers have placed in us . Now , more than ever , we remain committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers ' accounts , and will be reviewing our policies and procedures to prevent this from ever recurring .
ok , 8 accts : Zhou , Gavin , Slush . who are the other 5 ? ok , 8 accts : Zhou , Gavin , Slush . who are the other 5 ?
Clipse
Offline
Activity : 504
Merit : 500
Hero MemberActivity : 504Merit : 500 Re : Bitcoinica lost 43,554 BTC from Linode compromise , suspicious TXIDs publicized March 02 , 2012 , 03:47:54 AM # 10 I cant help but know some Linode employee wont be at work tomorrow .
This all is way way way to convenient , seems like an inside job planned overtime with the knowledge of who runs worthwhile bitcoin services and on which VPS accounts .
This is alot of money , please for all of us make its your top priority to get compensation out of Linode otherwise any future losses less than this would be seen acceptable by these crappy hosting companies or other services . ... In the land of the stale , the man with one share is king ... > > Clipse
We pay miners at 130 % PPS | Signup here : Bonus PPS Pool ( Please read OP to understand the current process ) ( Please read OP to understand the current process )
mb300sd
Offline
Activity : 1260
Merit : 1000
Drunk Posts
LegendaryActivity : 1260Merit : 1000Drunk Posts Re : Bitcoinica lost 43,554 BTC from Linode compromise , suspicious TXIDs publicized March 02 , 2012 , 03:50:53 AM # 13 Quote from : cypherdoc on March 02 , 2012 , 03:45:38 AM Quote from : myself on March 02 , 2012 , 03:42:17 AM http : //status.linode.com/2012/03/manager-security-incident.html
Quote Manager Security Incident
Ensuring the security of our platform is our top priority . We maintain a strong security policy and aim to communicate openly should it ever be compromised . Thus , we are posting to describe a recent incident affecting the Linode Manager .
Here are the facts :
This morning , an intruder accessed a web-based Linode customer service portal . Suspicious events prompted an immediate investigation and the compromised credentials used by this intruder were then restricted . All activity via the web portal is logged , and an exhaustive audit has provided the following :
All activity by the intruder was limited to a total of eight customers , all of which had references to `` bitcoin '' . The intruder proceeded to compromise those Linode Manager accounts , with the apparent goal of finding and transferring any bitcoins . Those customers affected have been notified . If you have not received a notification then your account is unaffected . Again , only eight accounts were affected .
The portal does not have access to credit card information or Linode Manager user passwords . Only those eight accounts were viewed or manipulated -- no other accounts were viewed or accessed .
Security is our number one priority and has been for over eight years . We depend on and value the trust our customers have placed in us . Now , more than ever , we remain committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers ' accounts , and will be reviewing our policies and procedures to prevent this from ever recurring .
ok , 8 accts : Zhou , Gavin , Slush . who are the other 5 ?
ok , 8 accts : Zhou , Gavin , Slush . who are the other 5 ?
I would hope zhou does n't keep 40k btc on one server , I assume more than 1 was bitcoinica I would hope zhou does n't keep 40k btc on one server , I assume more than 1 was bitcoinica 1D7FJWRzeKa4SLmTznd3JpeNU13L1ErEco
Cross-posted from Cool Green Science .
Want to know how climate change might affect a seashore near you ? Look at what it 's already done over the past 20 years to a stretch of the Florida Gulf Coast , according to a pathbreaking new study published in the journal Climatic Change .
Sea-level rise along the Waccasassa Bay area ( 90 miles north of Tampa ) is already picking winners and losers in nature there — and the losers include the habitat the iconic Florida black bear and the bald eagle depend upon . People up and down Florida 's Gulf Coast might soon suffer , too , if sea-level rise destroys the coastal wetlands that produce world-class sport fishing and protect cities from storm surges .
Image : Dave Sag
But will these losses continue ? And what can anyone do about them ? Laura Geselbracht , senior marine scientist with The Nature Conservancy and lead author of the study — one of the first to test a sea-level-rise model using existing data from the past — gives some answers below .
Q . Why is sea-level rise such a big deal for Florida ?
A . Because so much of the Gulf Coast here is under 4.9 feet in elevation . If the Earth experiences 3.3 feet of sea-level rise over the next 100 years — and that 's the most recent “ moderate ” scenario projected by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change — that will mean very substantial change for Florida , not only to our coastal wetlands and natural systems , but also for people who live along the coast .
Q . The Waccasassa Bay area is one of the best places in the world to study sea-level rise — why is that ?
A . First , it is n't very populated . So you can really study the effects of sea-level rise without having to worry about development getting in the way .
Second , there have been 20-plus years of field studies done there , and you can very clearly see over that period how sea-level rise has affected that habitat . You can see where coastal forest has transitioned into salt marsh and tree islands . When you go out in the field , you come across tree trunks all over the place in the salt marsh . The habitats are changing fast , and it gives us a glimpse of what will happen in areas that are n't as low-lying .
Q . So who 's winning and who 's losing in this race against sea-level rise ?
A . We were really surprised to find that it 's not the salt marsh — which is closest to the water 's edge — that has changed so substantially . It 's actually the coastal forest , which is set back from the salt marsh . So very small , even modest changes in sea-level rise will have a fairly significant impact on the coastal wetland systems , quite a ways back from the coast . That means that , where development does exist , it will get in the way of coastal wetland systems that are trying to transition to higher elevations because of sea-level rise .
Q . About that transition to higher elevations … what 's going to happen in the future to these coastal habitats , according to your model ? ( I might add that you plugged the 20 years of data into the model you 're using , to see how accurately it would predict what actually happened … and it was very accurate . )
A . The predictions vary with time and with which sea-level-rise projection you use . In one 25‑year period , tidal flats and salt marsh might do well , but in the next 50 to 100 years , those habitats may be squeezed out against either higher elevations , inappropriate soil types , or coastal development . But coastal forest almost completely disappears in our 3.3-feet sea-level rise scenario .
Q . How are species that depend on the forest going to be affected ? Is there anywhere for them to go ?
A. Coastal forest supports some of the larger species that we all can relate to , like the Florida black bear . There is a particular population in the Waccasassa Bay area that is a very threatened population . So , as their habitat there gets more fragmented , as large swaths of it disappear due to salt water intrusion , they may not have enough room to forage and do the things that bears do , and they might ultimately die out .
Another is the bald eagle . A lot of people think , “ Well , ca n't they just fly to some other trees ? ” But those other coastal forest areas are already occupied by bald eagles , so their populations will be diminished in that area because of the loss of coastal forests . There 's a whole suite of other species that are associated coastal forests that would be impacted as well .
Q . Okay , but that 's bears and eagles . Why should people care , outside from caring about bears and eagles ?
A . These effects are important anywhere along the coast . Some low-lying communities along Florida 's Big Bend Coast are going to be very vulnerable — if the coastal wetland systems retreat around those communities , it will leave some of them as islands .
And coastal wetlands are tremendously productive areas for fisheries , including things like shrimp , crab , and the majority of the wonderful sport fish that Floridians and a lot of visitors like to catch .
Finally , these coastal wetland systems help provide protection from storm surges . The marshes act like sponges — they can absorb some of the flooding that might otherwise ensue from a tropical storm , and they can also buffer the storm surge . If those wetlands disappear and become diminished , then the impacts from the storms to coastal communities would be greater .
Q . Sounds dire . So how should urban planners prepare ?
A . In a couple of ways . First , it 's really important to maintain the freshwater flows into our systems , whether from rivers , overland flow , or aquifers . When you reduce those flows , your coastal wetlands retreat faster .
Second , development . It does n't make sense to build in areas to which coastal wetlands will need to transition . Understanding those transitions over time can help shape where you allow development or discourage it , or even help it retreat over time if that 's possible .
And third , keep our existing natural systems healthy . Transitioning of habitats in and of itself is not a bad thing , but if that change encourages a lot of invasive species that our natural species can not access or utilize , then that could be a very bad thing . So proper land management — like prescribed fire and invasive control , along with preventing diking and ditching of our coastal wetlands to stop salt-water intrusion — are all really important .
Q . Are local communities on the Florida Gulf Coast listening to these messages ?
A . We 're finding that , while some communities and local planners
are becoming aware of sea-level rise , so far a lot of communities are n't really doing any planning . But we think they will . This research is very powerful . The information helps you understand how your whole coastal system is connected , and how the human system can be shaped to help protect natural systems , which in turn helps protect people . So The Nature Conservancy is trying to help educate local governments and regional planning councils about these types of changes and how patterns of building might change under this improved understanding .
Hold off on getting the game until our full review
Our review for SimCity is coming , but server issues are making the game unplayable . I 'm sure you 're already aware of the need to always be online to play , but it goes a lot deeper than just a DRM issue . Data is n't stored locally , so server issues can destroy save games and potentially cause the loss of dozens of hours of gameplay . Amazon has even pulled the game from their digital store .
SimCity has a big focus on region gameplay , where cities can be connected with up to fourteen other cities . This concept is interesting and has some promise , but it just fails to work correctly with the way the servers are right now . Basically , the game is broken , and not worth buying at all right now .
( Even the ones that say `` Available '' are most likely having issues at this point )
One of the biggest changes about the new SimCity is that the map size is smaller compared to past games , which I find disappointing . It 's a really small map , and it 's impossible to do everything with one city . There is a big push to focus the city on a specific thing , and to depend on other nearby cities for stuff like power , sewage treatment , or education . So I created a private region to test out having one city filled with industry , while another one focused on schools and tourism .
This multi-city approach could work and compensate for the tiny map size , but with the current server issues I 'm not sure how well this actually functions . My cities are n't saving correctly , which is making it hard to tell what 's going on . My industrial city was setup to receive sewage waste and trash from my nicer residential city , and this seemed to work until the game refused to acknowledge that the other city was there . This caused a temporary backup of waste and trash , and all of my citizens starting yelling at me . Eventually the entire region reset to a save from a couple days ago , causing me to lose at least six hours of gameplay .
It 's disappointing that there is no option to play offline and have data saved on my machine instead , but if they can get the servers running correctly it might not be an issue . Sadly , it is an issue right now . I enjoyed my initial time , but I 'm still undecided about my feelings on a lot of the design decisions . I am skeptical , but also hopeful that it could work , but it all depends on the servers running correctly .
There are multiple servers and EA is working on adding more , but the problem with this is that cities do n't migrate across servers , meaning your saved games are stuck to the server you started them on . Even if today you decided `` Hey , the European server is n't full , I 'll play on that ! '' it wo n't matter . You could lose access to your cities once the new influx of players comes in after the European release .
I am fighting with the same connection issues that everyone else is facing . I have lost entire cities to server issues , and playing is almost completely impossible right now . Do n't buy SimCity , not yet at least . The game is n't done , and you would be spending $ 60 to be a part of what boils down to a beta test for their servers . Save your money and see how things pan out .
I have spent around forty hours in SimCity for our review and have had a good look at a lot of the features , but the networking issues are holding back my progress . I ca n't play , and neither can a lot of other people . This review is going to be for you , our readers , so what do you think would be fair ? Should we review the game as it is , or wait and see if these server issues can be resolved ?
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
The Reputation of UBI Lets face it . Getting money each month just for being alive sounds pretty great . But with that perk comes a whole bunch of backlash . Universal Basic Income ( UBI ) is a concept where all citizens of a country are given a monetary stipend each month in order to survive . The practice is being explored in part as a potential solution to job automation in the future . But is UBI really such a good idea ? Some believe that it 'll act as a giant safety net provided by the government for those facing poverty or unemployment . Others believe that if you hand someone money , they 'll opt to doing absolutely nothing with their lives in return . Countries flashing free money would wave a flag to millions of people while shouting “ Come get your cash ! ” Credit : Russell Shaw Higgs
Fact of the matter is , UBI has its benefits . In a study led by researchers at the World Bank , underdeveloped nations in particular saw a decrease in the consumption of “ temptation goods ” when given free cash each month . This would include the consumption of alcohol and tobacco . “ If you tell people money is for a certain thing , then they 're much more likely to spend that money on that thing , ” said David Evans , one of the lead researchers in the study . That 's why each cash transfer came with a label featuring a positive intent such as “ for improving the lives of your children ” or “ for starting your business. ” This is just one experiment in many that countries around the world are conducting . They want to see if a little bit will go a long way in the end . Thus , Finland recently decided to participate in the worldwide experiment . But instead of it being a “ universal ” basic income , the country will only offer $ 590 each month for two years to persons who are unemployed , and will continue regardless of whether or not they find work during that time period .
One major clue they hope to uncover is whether or not those who receive the monthly stipends will essentially use or abuse it . One recipient of this stipend is a man by the name of Juha Jarvinen . Juha 's Story He was one of the 2,000 people selected to participate in the study , led by a Finnish federal agency called Keva . He 's a 37-year old entrepreneur with a wife and six children . In 2010 , Jarvinen founded his own business , but it shut down two years later . His wife 's salary , child allowances , and unemployment checks were keeping him afloat . Now with the incoming monthly stipends , he plans to try his hand again at starting a business . “ What will I do in the future ? In next two years ? I start new business as soon as possible . Now I 'm free for that . I really feel I have got back my citizenship , ” he wrote . Jarvinen 's motivation to do something greater for his life demonstrates one side of the coin . The other 1,999 participants will determine whether UBI would be beneficial for the majority of people or not at all .
Key Highlights
Creditbit price after failing to move above the 0.00070BTC resistance against the Bitcoin moved down .
There are two bearish trend lines with resistance at 0.00040BTC and 0.00045BTC forming on the 7-day chart of CRB/BTC ( data feed from Coinmarketcap ) .
The price is trading lower , and may soon test the 0.00030BTC support area in the near term .
Creditbit price declined heavily against the US Dollar and Bitcoin , and CRB/BTC is now approaching a major support zone near 0.00030BTC .
Creditbit Price Decline
We recently saw a solid upside move in Creditbit price towards the 0.00070BTC level against the Bitcoin . Later , the price failed to sustain momentum , and started a correction below 0.00060BTC . However , the correction soon turned into a bearish wave , as the price broke the 0.00050BTC support . There was even a break below the 50 % Fib retracement level of the last wave from the 0.00021BTC low to 0.00070BTC high . It ignited further losses below 0.00050BTC .
The price recently was able to break the 0.00040BTC support , which is a negative sign in the short term . On the upside , there are two bearish trend lines with resistance at 0.00040BTC and 0.00045BTC forming on the 7-day chart of CRB/BTC . As long as these trend lines are intact , there is a chance that the price may test 0.00030BTC . Once there is a break below the 76.4 % Fib retracement level of the last wave from the 0.00021BTC low to 0.00070BTC high , there can be a test of 0.00020BTC .
There were declines against the US Dollar as well with a break below the $ 1.10 support . The downside was such that sellers cleared the $ 1.00 support as well . The next major support is at $ 0.8 where buyers may emerge .
Looking at the indicators :
Hourly MACD – The MACD for the CRBIT/BTC pair has moved into the bearish zone .
Hourly RSI – The RSI for the CRBIT/BTC pair is now heading towards the oversold readings .
Intraday Support Level – 0.00030BTC
Intraday Resistance Level – 0.00045BTC
Charts from Coinmarketcap
Muslim Fuck Boys : Piety Turned to Douchery
Written by Anonymous
Fuck Boy : [ adj . ] a man ( boy ) who does n't respect women yet relies on them heavily , particularly for sexual and ego boasting gratification . He 's a man ( boy ) who does n't care about a woman 's time or emotions and wo n't commit due to immaturity and the clouding of judgment from being too self-absorbed .
The Muslim Fuck Boy , much like all the others , have their own agenda . This particular breed is clandestine in their approach and has the added benefit of the illusion of religious piety to cover his misdemeanors . Not only do they have zero intention of commitment ; their reluctance is coated with self-righteousness , judgmental behavior and hypocrisy . His prey ( unassuming women ) is lured in with declared promises of marriage , often as soon as the first conversation . He will go on to explain his sexual chastity , claiming his inexperience or virginity . He will stop conversations midway as its time for prayer and he will also text you to remind you to pray .
I am painfully single but mostly out of choice because I have a track record of horrific fuckery that could fill several books . I recently met numerous Fuck Boys – two of which deserve specific recognition in this piece .
Fuck Boy # 1
A very successful commodities trader working in London Mayfair ( if he 's reading this , yes it 's you ) .
With him being over 6 ' 3″ and easy on the eyes , I was quick to be sucked in with the impression of , “ good Muslim boy ” . I am a seasoned bitch , so it 's fairly hard to break me down , which is something he eventually did .
This man was so full of his own success , money and pious attributes that it left very little space for anyone else to make a place in his heart or mind . A man who is so self-aware of every one of his qualities and finds the need to not only list them but bring them up at every opportunity , which becomes such a tedious act . Irrespective of him being dickish , I gave him the benefit of doubt only because of this outwardly “ good Muslim guy ” persona that he proudly wore .
After several months of knowing him I discovered the hypocrisy in his morals . He had created his own sub category of religion in order to suit and benefit his needs , which I suppose we all do to some extent . He was very adamant that physical touching of any kind was prohibited and even shaking hands is not appropriate . In which case , if we accept this Islamic principle in its entirety , male and female interaction without mehram ( unmarriageable kin ) is not permitted in any capacity . Yet , he was all for endless “ halal dates ” which consisted of dinners and outings .
All because I held his arm , I was no longer chaste , according to him .
As we became closer he was surprisingly open to sexual talk – only over the phone – nothing too crude but nonetheless it contradicted the “ morals ” he spoke of . I personally am open to sexual discussion as long as they are adult , consensual , and not lured/repulsive . I eventually realized that he actually got off ( turned on ) on these sexual talks . I was not . To me , they were very PG 13 – light-hearted discussions of sexual preferences . With this development , my perception of him expanded . However , at our very next meeting his hypocrisy was brazen . On our “ halal date ” , we crossed a very busy London road , I unassumingly took his arm so I would n't fall in my stupid and impractical high heels . He mildly resisted my hand but realized that I only needed assistance and was n't getting sexual gratification from this innocent embrace . This resulted in him phoning me that very night after our “ not so halal date ” ( according to him ) and called things off . All because I held his arm , I was no longer chaste , according to him . The insanity of this situation was laughable but in his mind , it all made sense . He could n't marry a woman who was comfortable holding a non mehram ‘ s arm .
Fuck Boy # 2 made Fuck Boy # 1 seem like a walk in the park .
Fuck Boy # 2
This man was so confused with his own identity and beliefs that he managed to surprise a hardened faultfinder .
A pilot from London , of Arab heritage ( again if you 're reading this , yes I am talking about you ) , speaking many languages and a fan of literature .
This man could quote the Quran and spoke of religious wrong doing , often pointing out religious inaccuracies in others and offering specific advice on how to improve them . Similar to Fuck Boy # 1 this man was adamantly against physically contact , and yet meeting without merhram was fine . That 's OK , we all make up our own rules and pick and choose from religion – I certainly do . However , there are certain things that even people with no religion should n't be subjected to – especially against their will .
After knowing this man for a short while and admiring his commitment to his religion , his talk ( almost overnight ) became so perverse that a liberal , experienced , grown-ass woman like me was left shocked . One night after sharing a picture of myself dressed up for a dinner date with friends , his comments went from complementary to highly sexual and inappropriate .
I called him out on this and his explanation was because he is a virgin , therefore he gets turned on very easily and I am “ very sexy ” which evidently , “ turned him on very much ” . I tried to look past this which was a bad idea and not advised to anyone reading this , cut your losses and run . Little did I know while I was out and distracted , his messages progressively got worse as the night went on . This man had turned into a ravenous animal . As I made my way home in the car and before I had read any of his messages , he FaceTimed me which was not uncommon for us but what my eyes witnessed was uncommon for me . He was in full , sexual motion , making love to himself with his hand and for some strange reason thought I would want to witness this debauchery . BLOCK and DELETE are the best inventions Apple has ever made on the iPhone .
Men and women can do what they want ; have phone sex , FaceTime sex ( with willing candidates ) , real sex or no sex , I do n't really care and I do n't judge . But please do n't lure people in under false pretense and the guise of religion only to be revealed as a basic Fuck Boy .
The fact is , these Muslim men are just your average Fuck Boys who want sexual gratification , compliments , company , validation and everything else . They however , choose to shroud themselves in religion . I think that is for two reasons . Firstly , religion is a great tactic to employ in order to catch a specific type of woman . Women who are perhaps just as self-righteous as these Muslim Fuck Boys ( I include myself in that ) . We want pious , or at least practicing partners – therefore we need to give the impression of those attributes to attract that .
Secondly , these Muslim Fuck Boys truly believe they are better than other Muslims and non-Muslims who openly court , hook-up and have sex . Therefore , they have a moral high ground to select the best most chaste women society has to offer , despite them being hypocrites who in fact , do n't believe anyone is good enough to commit to .
Fuck Boys come in all shapes , sizes , colors and creeds and all women already know this . They can also be found in every country and culture . All Fuck Boys are on a power trip , and they want to push boundaries and women 's buttons to see how much they can extort physically . Sometimes financially . Mostly emotionally . Stay clear – you 've been warned .
Atlanta Fire Chief Kelvin Cochran has been suspended after condemning homosexuality in a book he recently published .
He has been suspended for a month without pay , and must take sensitivity training , according to WSBTV .
In the book `` Who Told You That You Were Naked , '' Cochran identified himself as chief and said it was his mission `` to cultivate its culture to the glory of God , '' the station reported .
Among the excerpts in Cochran 's book :
• “ Uncleanness — whatever is opposite of purity ; including sodomy , homosexuality , lesbianism , pederasty , bestiality , all other forms of sexual perversion . ”
• “ Naked men refuse to give in , so they pursue sexual fulfillment through multiple partners , with the opposite sex , the same sex and sex outside of marriage and many other vile , vulgar and inappropriate ways which defile their body-temple and dishonor God . ”
Several firefighters complained to city officials last week after allegedly getting the book from their chief while on duty .
Mayor Kasim Reed released the following statement Monday afternoon : `` I was surprised and disappointed to learn of this book on Friday . I profoundly disagree with and am deeply disturbed by the sentiments expressed in the paperback regarding the LGBT community . I will not tolerate discrimination of any kind within my administration . ''
He added that the city has a number of laws that prohibity discrimination .
Deputy Chief Joel Baker is serving as acting fire chief .
Once a week we round up some great reader tips and share them with everyone ; this week we 're looking at telescope laser sights , syncing your desktop with Dropbox , and converting your Kindle Clippings file .
Mount a Laser On Your Telescope for Easy Alignment
Carl shares a hack for sighting in a large telescope :
I saw your entry about the camera lens red-dot scope . Last summer I made a telescope mount for a green laser pointer in order to make it easier to align my telescope . If you think the field of view is small on a 500mm camera lens , you should see it on a sizable backyard ‘ scope ! I followed this tutorial with a few modifications to fit the particular laser pointer I had . As always , be safe when using lasers and ( because of the risk to planes ) use it as briefly as possible and in clear airspace .
We have a green laser pointer… now we just need a telescope cool enough to mount it on . Thanks for sharing !
Sync Your Desktop with Dropbox
Travis wrote in to share a guide he created to help others sync their desktops via Dropbox . While not everyone works off their desktop in such a fashion that syncing is critical , for those that use their desktops as a work space it 's a handy trick . He writes :
Similar to the suggestion above to use Dropbox as your “ My Documents ” location , I use a “ Desktop ” folder in my Dropbox as the desktop display , synced across all my computers . All the time , my friends and family tell me my computer 's desktop is “ so messy. ” That 's not true . It is organized , but usually has a lot of stuff on it . When working , I use my computer desktop , as an actual desktop… The things I am currently using and/or working on are right there and easy for me to use . That is actually the point of the desktop , right ? I do n't always work from one physical location , so it is a bit of a chore to make sure I have transferred files to a location ( such as USB drive or FTP site ) so I can access them later . As well , should I really need to pull out my laptop to grab a single .php file or .psd ? I do n't think so . Using Dropbox as my desktop allows everything I am working on to be available everywhere I work , without even thinking about it .
Check out his full guide to get started with desktop syncing .
Convert Your Kindle Clippings to Other Formats
Alejandro , in response to our post about The Secret Weapon , a tool for using Evernote to manage your to-do lists , shared an Evernote-related tool :
Great piece ! Evernote is indeed a very nice tool and can be very useful in many situations . Also just want to share something I discovered recently . There is a free online tool which you can use to upload your Kindle “ my clippings ” directly to Evernote . You can also convert your clippings to others like Word or PDF , just in case you prefer those format more . Hope you can find this tip useful .
If you have clippings in your Kindle that you 'd like to incorporate into your Evernote archive/workflow this is a very handle tool . Thanks Alejandro !
Have a clever tip to share ? Shoot us an email at tips @ howtogeek.com !
As the release of his debut album My Name Is My Name draws closer , people have been talking about Pusha T enlisted the services of the ever charismatic actor/MC Joaquin Phoenix to produce his highly anticipated intro song `` King Push . '' Well at least that 's what he told Vibe back in August .
However Joaquin has come forward to XXL Magazine and released a statement that the beat is not his .
“ While it was widely reported that Pusha T used my beat and that I produced his song , I ca n't take any credit , ” he said . ” A friend 's son played me his music , and all I did was make an introduction to Kanye 's camp . ”
Well at least we all know that Joaquin is n't shy about giving credit where it is due . My Name Is My Name drops Oct. 8 .
[ via XXL ]
RELATED : Album Stream : Pusha T `` My Name Is My Name ''
In 5 To Watch , five writers from The A.V . Club each make the case for a favored episode from a favorite show . The reasons for their picks might differ , but they can all agree that each episode is a must-watch . In honor of Mad Men Week , in this installment : We each picked an episode featuring a minor but key character in the Mad Men cast .
Yes , Mad Men is mostly about Don Draper , but it 's not all about Don Draper . As magnificent as Jon Hamm is , the show would not be as enjoyable without the vast cast of characters that surround Don , from coworkers to his family to his relationships to neighbors . Below we 've picked five of our favorite minor Mad Men players and the episode that perfectly spotlights each one of them . In the richness of the Mad Men universe , even Miss Blankenship gets a moment to shine .
Advertisement
Erik 's pick : Paul Kinsey , “ Christmas Waltz ” ( season five , episode 10 )
Prior to getting ground up in the “ Shut The Door . Have A Seat ” bloodbath , Paul Kinsey was Sterling Cooper 's man of a thousand affectations . The beard , the pipe , the black girlfriend he showed off like an accessory—even in a world of stuffed shirts , Paul 's had the least substance behind it . But he longed for substance , which explains how he 'd wind up sucked into that ultimate net for lost souls of the '60s , the International Society For Krishna Consciousness . Simply dressing Michael Gladis in Hare Krishna garb is enough for a punchline in “ Christmas Waltz , ” but the bittersweet satire hiding among season five 's more wicked surprises hones in on the person beneath the sikha , the guy who 's still as anxious , insecure , and terrified of living life as he was when he dropped a Twilight Zone allusion into Peggy 's first tour of the office . He 's since moved on to Star Trek ( and written a spec script to go with that new obsession ) , and is sent on the path to new writerly pretensions with a generous Christmas gift from Harry Crane , one of the pretenders who stayed behind while Paul sought enlightenment .
Advertisement
Libby 's pick : Miss Blankenship , “ The Beautiful Girls ” ( season four , episode nine )
Although Mad Men was forever populated with quirky background characters that could be the center of their own shows , this was particularly true for veteran secretary Ida Blankenship . Arriving on the scene in season four , Blankenship served as the antithesis of the typical Mad Men secretary , a fact that made her a perfect match to work Don 's desk in the wake of his troubled history with secretaries . Brilliant comic relief as portrayed by Randee Heller ( who earned an Emmy nomination for the role ) , Blankenship was the opposite of a fish out of water . She was big , it was the office that got small . With her history as Bert Cooper 's longtime secretary and historical fling with Roger Sterling , who remarked in his taped memoirs that she was the “ Queen Of Perversion , ” Ida was a magic mirror held up to the face of every woman working at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce . She used to be just like them . Soon they 'll be just like her . Blankenship may have been comic relief , but time always gets the last laugh . In “ The Beautiful Girls , ” an episode about the trials of womanhood at every juncture in life , Ida Blankenship offers her usual hard-hitting wisecracks , helping Bert with a crossword puzzle , correctly pegging Peggy as a masochist . But by the end of the episode , Miss Blankenship exits this world as she lived in it , sitting at her desk , outpaced by the world to which she 'd given her livelihood . In the end , she served not only as a perfect character , but a perfect portent for those who outlived her .
Advertisement
Alex 's pick : Glen , “ New Amsterdam , ” ( season one , episode four )
For an episode that 's largely memorable as the introduction of one of Mad Men 's oddest little characters , “ New Amsterdam ” is shockingly light on Glen ( Marten Holden Weiner ) . The young son of the Drapers ' recently divorced neighbor Helen Bishop , Glen is a sporadic but indelible minor character . After getting roped into babysitting one night , Betty Draper heads to the Bishop house and meets the series ' strangest young character . Upon re-watching the episode , what 's amazing is how little time is spent with Glen . When she first arrives , Glen is playing the piano , normal as normal can be . But it 's Betty 's trip to the bathroom that unleashes Glen 's inner weirdo , as he insists on walking in on her in the bathroom . Betty is furious , of course , but her scolding of Glen quickly gives way to support when his tears and spontaneous embrace seem to jar her into a sense of…kinship ? Affection ? It 's unclear , like many of Betty 's emotions . But what 's not the least bit debatable is that Betty , after Glen compliments her hair and asks for a chunk of it , stands up , grabs scissors , and cuts off a lock of hair—with almost no hesitation . This amazing scene helped clue the audience in to just how closely below the surface Betty 's buried qualities lay . Glen represents a break from the expected for the Draper women , first with Betty , and later with Sally . These two short scenes in “ New Amsterdam ” dominate the whole episode—and like many future scenes , the magical oddity that is Glen holds sway , delightfully so .
Kayla 's pick : Megan , “ A Little Kiss ” ( season five , episode one )
When Don Draper proposed to his assistant Megan ( Jessica Paré ) at the end of season four , we knew very little about this woman and where exactly the show could go with a new Draper marriage . “ A Little Kiss ” is Megan Draper 's true character debut and a very clear signal that Don 's new relationship would be just as toxic as his marriage to Betty , but for very different reasons . Megan is the first woman in Don 's life to match his desire for control . When she throws him a birthday party in the fifth-season premiere , Megan moves throughout the room in her sheer sleeves and winged eyeliner , catching the eyes of most of the mixed company in attendance . Then she very intentionally demands for everyone to look at her when she takes the stage to give a sexy yet fraught performance of “ Zou Bisou Bisou , ” aimed directly at a very embarrassed Don . Commanding the attention of a room is Don 's job , but beyond shifting that power dynamic , Megan also pokes at her husband 's greatest fear by breaking his privacy wall . “ Zou Bisou Bisou ” is the first of many power plays by Megan throughout her marriage to Don , which sits in the spotlight of the fifth season . The surprise performance allows Megan to freely express her sexuality in front of Don 's coworkers and friends , showing them all that she 's her own woman , with her own personality , and not just some extension of Don 's dreams and desires . And on top of all that , the song is just catchy as hell . Megan Draper should drop a mixtape .
Advertisement
Gwen 's pick : Sal , “ The Gold Violin ” ( season two , episode seven )
Of all of Mad Men 's now-departed characters , Sal , played by Bryan Batt , is one of the most-missed , as a gay man trapped in a world of heterosexuality . In the sexist offices of Sterling Cooper , Sal stood out with his compassion , his manners , his reluctance to degrade women , and the fact that he lived with his mother and spoke Italian ( no wonder he was the subject of so many secretary crushes ) . But Sal finds it difficult to get ahead , is propositioned by clients and bellboys , tries to force some affection for his wife , and eventually loses his job after he refuses the advances of Lucky Strike 's Lee Garner Jr. , following the two worst words Don Draper ever said ( or sneered ) : “ You people. ” No episode painfully depicts Sal 's plight like “ The Gold Violin , ” when Sal and Ken from Accounts find that they have similar artistic leanings . Ken then gives Sal his new short story to read : “ The Gold Violin ” of the episode title , referring to a beautiful instrument that ca n't be played . For Sal , Ken is the unattainable gold violin , and his admiration for his coworker only increases when he and his wife have the bachelor over for dinner . As the two men meet on every level but a crucially important one , Sal ignores his wife and cherishes the lighter Ken leaves behind . The openly gay Batt masterfully depicted Sal 's unrealized longing . His ultimate fate was left up in the air , but hopefully Sal fared better in the post-Stonewall , slightly more progressive '70s .
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Scientists at the Energy Department 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory say they have created a virus that generates electricity . The research is described as a first step toward using genetically engineered viruses to build devices that convert the body 's motion into electricity .
Such personal power generators — compact , wafer-thin devices attached to clothing or inserted in shoes — could produce enough electricity to power cellphones or other small electronic gadgets , said the project 's chief investigator , Seung-Wuk Lee .
This piezoelectric method for producing power by converting mechanical force or motion to electricity is already widely used in cars and a number of manufacturing processes . Cigarette lighters and starters on gas grills rely on piezoelectricity . For example , pushing the starter button on the grill generates a small electric current that creates a spark and ignites the gas . Even more creative uses can now be found in things like soccer balls and dance floors .
But this is the first time that a biological material has been used for piezo generators , according to the researchers , who add that a virus offers several advantages over the inorganic , ceramic materials regularly used today . Ceramic materials can be difficult to work with and create toxic byproducts during their manufacture and use . By contrast , virus-based piezoelectric materials “ potentially offer a simple and environmentally friendly approach to piezoelectric energy generation , ” Dr. Lee said .
The viruses replicate themselves , providing a steady supply of material , and they naturally organize into well-ordered films , an important property for nanotechnology devices .
The Berkeley Lab researchers started with the M13 virus , which is harmless to humans and commonly used in lab experiments , Dr. Lee said . They genetically modified the M13 to enhance its piezoelectric properties , then created a thin film of the material about the size of a postage stamp . The film was then placed between two gold-plated electrodes . When pressure was applied , it produced enough current to light up an LED display — about one-fourth the voltage of a triple-A battery . ( See the video below . )
While the research clearly demonstrates that viral electricity is a viable concept , you wo n't see these types of microgenerators available for sale anytime soon . “ Our investigation is still in the fundamental scientific discovery level , ” Dr. Lee said . If the research is successful , he added , it might be possible to power small microelectronic devices in five to 10 years . The technology could also be used to power biomedical devices like pacemakers by implanting the tiny virus-based generators in patients .
The research team is also experimenting with interconnecting the piezoelectric micro generators to increase the electrical output and potentially power bigger things . “ We do not know the upper limit ” for constructing such devices , Dr. Lee said , “ but we are in the middle of optimizing the power output , and it looks very promising . ”
A ceasefire has gone into effect in and around the Gaza Strip , after Israel and Hamas agreed to cease hostilities .
Many Palestinians in Gaza City took to the streets to celebrate the truce on Wednesday night , blasting car horns and setting off fireworks from rooftops amid celebratory gunfire .
The Egyptian foreign minister announced the ceasefire agreement hours before it took hold at 19:00 GMT on Wednesday .
Mohamed Kamel Amr thanked all parties involved in mediating the truce as he made the announcement in a joint news conference with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Egyptian capital , Cairo .
Under the ceasefire terms , Israel was to stop all aggression against the Gaza Strip from land , sea and air , including cross-border incursions and targeted killings .
Palestinian factions were to cease all rocket fire and attacks from Gaza towards Israel , including along the border .
Twenty-four hours after the ceasefire takes effect , Israel will also be committed to opening of all border crossings and ease restrictions on movements of people and goods in and out of the enclave .
Rockets fired
Within hours after the ceasefire was to take hold , Israeli police said 12 rockets were fired from Gaza . Hamas denied that report , saying that no rockets had been fired after the ceasefire went into effect .
Al Jazeera 's Nadim Baba , in Gaza City , said people there were `` very wary '' of the ceasefire .
`` People have been saying 'congratulations on the ceasefire ' to each other but what they really want to know is what the details will be , '' he said .
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu thanked the US and Egypt for helping to negotiate the deal .
`` The state of Israel has to try to achieve a ceasefire which will be continuous , '' he said in a news conference as the ceasefire went into effect .
In Washington , President Barack Obama thanked Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi `` for his efforts to achieve a sustainable ceasefire and for his personal leadership in negotiating a ceasefire proposal , '' the White House said in a statement .
Before the announcement in Egypt , Israeli attacks on the Gaza Strip continued for an eighth day .
Twenty people were killed in Gaza on Wednesday , according to medical officials , bringing the death toll to a total of 162 since Israel 's military operation was launched . Seven children were among those killed .
`` It 's been a very difficult day for the people of Gaza , '' Al Jazeera 's Nicole Johnston , in Gaza City , said .
She said there had been `` very heavy bombardment '' from naval vessels in addition to aerial attacks .
Israel said it struck more than 100 targets , including a cluster of Hamas government buildings .
Diplomatic push
Clinton and UN chief Ban Ki-moon , who met Morsi on Wednesday , have been shuttling between Egypt , Israel and the occupied West Bank in a bid to bolster a proposed ceasefire agreement that Cairo arranged between Israel and the Hamas movement that controls the Gaza Strip .
In Wednesday 's press conference with Amr , Clinton said : `` The United States welcomes the agreement today for a ceasefire . In the days ahead , the United States will work with partners in the region to consolidate this progress . ''
The announcement came after 24 people were wounded in an explosion on a bus in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv that Israel and the US described as a `` terror attack '' .
Five Israelis have been killed by rockets fired from Gaza since November 14 . Israel says it launched its offensive on Gaza to prevent fighters from firing missiles into its territory .
Palestinians fighters fired more than 30 rockets at Israel on Wednesday , causing no casualties , and the anti-missile system , the so-called Iron Dome , shot down 14 of them , police said .
Nearly 1,400 rockets have been fired into Israel since the military offensive began , according to the Israeli military . Israel has carried out more than 1,500 strikes on Gaza during the same time period .
In a statement after the ceasefire took effect , the Israeli military said its forces had `` destroyed significant elements of Hamas ' strategic capabilities '' , including hundreds of rocket launchers and dozens of smuggling tunnels .
But Hamas chief Khaled Meshaal said Israel had `` failed in all its goals '' and had been `` compelled to submit to the conditions of the resistance '' .
He also thanked mediator Egypt , as well as Iran , which he said `` had a role in arming '' Hamas during the conflict .
Former Senator Rick Santorum ( R-PA ) , who also hung surprisingly tough in the 2012 Republican presidential primary race , says he is “ open to ” another bid in 2016 , and if his comments at a recent awards ceremony/patio party are any indication , the media is rooting for him . In accepting an award from an anti-abortion-rights group recently , Sen. Santorum told the assembled Students For Life ( maybe if they studied more ? ) that the pro-choice movement “ make it uncomfortable for students who come to Austin to shower at a Young Men 's Christian Association , YMCA gym . ”
In his remarks to the anti-abortion-rights , Santorum also compared the abortion rights struggle to slavery , an analogy that 's embedded in the SFLA William Wilberforce Leadership Award , not to be confused with The Colson Center 's William Wilberforce Award , which was won by Cardinal Timothy Dolan this year .
Santorum said that although the anti-abortion-rights groups have “ the truth ” on their side , the pro-choice movement is winning with magical athlete 's foot , or something . “ What the pro-choice movement does is they do n't just focus on their little issue , ” Santorum said . “ They focus on everything they do , and every aspect of their lives . They make it uncomfortable for students who come to Austin to shower at a Young Men 's Christian Association , YMCA gym , because they live it . Because they live it . They 're passionate , they 're willing to do and say uncomfortable things in mixed company . They 're willing to make the sacrifice at their business because they care enough . ”
He never really goes into the backstory on that YMCA gym story , which is a shame , because I 'd like to know what happened at that particular gym that freaked Santorum out , and why that Y has people showering in “ mixed company. ” Maybe he was distinguishing between the born and the pre-born ?
If you let the clip play , though , Santorum then goes on to compare the struggle to the American Revolution , which is odd considering the name of the award he was receiving . Wilberforce was a British abolitionist whose career almost entirely encompassed the post-Revolutionary War period , during which the newly-freed Colonies continued slavery for decades after the British Empire abolished the slave trade . By the time the Civil War came around , slavery had to have been late into its 500th trimester or so .
Here 's the clip , via YouTube :
( h/t Wonkette )
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
The new Gravity Avenue A is just the bike for the rider wanting the performance of an aluminum frame , wide gearing , comfortable riding position and dealing with a budget . The Avenue frame is precision welded from specially shaped lightweight and strong aluminum tubing . The tubing is Gravity 's own special RSeries tube-set . Look at the engineered , hydroformed top tube and bi-oval downtube . This is designed for a responsive performance while maintaining a comfortable ride quality . The frame is a semi-compact geometry which allows for a bit more comfortable and upright position yet is still aero-enough for some serious riding .
Compare this bike to the Trek , Giant or Specialized road bikes which sell at $ 599 plus tax . Both have straight blade forks and aluminum frames , both have semi-compact frames .
Note : Some bikes have additional seat tube and seat stay decal ( can not choose )
Why pay almost three times as much money ? The Gravity Avenue A is only $ 249
The Factory Direct price includes shipping by UPS ground to 48 states .
NEW FEATURES :
NEW 14 Speed Shimano Drivetrain
NEW RSeries Aluminum Frame , lighter , higher performance with comfortable semi-upright geometry
ALUMINUM ALLOY BRAKES
SHIMANO REAR DERAILLEUR
ALUMINUM CRANKSET
Compare to Trek and Giant Defy bicycles
Customer Reviews
S. A . `` I 'm satisfied with low price and reasonable quality , also very cute light weight , cool design� '' M. R. `` My first entry level Road Bike and I enjoy it greatly . Very lightweight , slim , and really comfortable '' S. V. `` �have 300 miles on it including a 50 mile and it 's solid ride�.Looking into carbon fiber front fork to increase ride comfort that 's the only downside I can see ! '' Sizing Guide Compact frame geometry makes sizing much easier because of the sloping toptube and lower standover height , it 's easier for riders of all sizes to dial in the perfect fit . With greater adjustability and up to six sizes per series , even pro athletes—who range from 5-foot females to 6-foot-5 males—happily ride stock-size frames just by sizing off of their height .
So all a rider needs to do is match their height with the corresponding compact frame size and they will have a bike that fits like a glove .
New Gravity Avenue/Liberty Sizing Guide
43cm fits 5 ' 1 '' to 5 ' 3 ''
46.5cm fits 5 ' 3 '' to 5 ' 5 ''
50cm fits 5 ' 6 '' to 5 ' 8 ''
53.5cm fits 5 ' 9 '' to 5'11 ''
55.5cm fits 6 ' to 6 ' 2 ''
58.5cm fits 6 ' 3 '' to 6 ' 5 ''
Click Here for the Detailed Geometry chart . Sizing is a personal preference and the choice is ultimately up to the Customer
Two teenage girls – including a 15-year-old driver – were arrested after a 90-mile-per hour police chase that ended in a crash in Cedar Hills late Thursday night , the
reported .
Shortly before midnight , a sheriff 's deputy attempted to pull over a Ford Edge SUV at
in
-- on suspicion that the driver was impaired , said Sgt . Vance Stimler , a sheriff 's office spokesman . Instead of stopping , the driver reportedly sped off .
The deputy pursued the vehicle , which wound up on southbound Oregon 217 , Stimler said . The driver sped down the highway , Stimler said , and while trying to negotiate a turn on the offramp to
lost control .
The vehicle reportedly smashed into an unoccupied parked truck , sending it down a 20-foot embankment off Walker Road . Stimler said a total of five teenage girls – all of whom had been drinking – were inside the car , but none was injured .
Stimler said the girl and deputy 's speeds exceeded 90 miles per hour .
The deputy talked to the girls , Stimler said , and learned that the Edge was taken from a close family friend of a 14-year-old passenger in the vehicle . The family friend , Stimler said , is visiting for the holidays and the vehicle belongs to her employer .
The 14-year-old , Stimler said , had taken the keys to the vehicle to `` go for a joy ride . '' Because the 14-year-old does n't know how to drive , the 15-year-old drove , Stimler said .
The 14-year-old was arrested on an accusation of unauthorized use of a motor vehicle , Stimler said , and lodged in the
juvenile detention facility in Portland . The Oregonian does not name juveniles who are arrested , unless they are accused of
.
The 15-year-old driver , Stimler said , was arrested on accusations of driving under the influence of intoxicants , unauthorized use of a motor vehicle , possession of a stolen vehicle , criminal mischief and reckless driving . She too was lodged at the Donald E. Long facility .
The three other passengers , Stimler said , were cited on minor in possession of alcohol accusations .
--
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Staten Island drivers say behind the wheel their borough is a treacherous obstacle course .
“ Some of the worst drivers you can imagine . I think they buy their licenses or something , ” resident Eddie Rodriguez told CBS2 's Tony Aiello .
“ Terrible . It 's terrible driving on Staten Island today , ” another resident named Paul said .
“ You know how New Yorkers drive , ” Michele Brown said .
It 's so bad , one man used his dashcam to document the dangers over the course of many weeks .
“ I did n't make the video to call anybody out , ” Corey Bruggemann said . “ It was just to bring attention to the fact that there 's a problem , there 's a traffic problem on Staten Island everywhere . ”
He documented a series of bad moves and close calls . Tailgating , sudden lane changes , a driver pulling a suicide squeeze , a white van wandering slowly into fast-moving traffic , and a silver car making an illegal U-turn and then doing it again a mile down the road .
“ I find it hard to believe he did n't see either one of the ‘ No U-turn ' signs , ” Bruggemann said .
“ It 's , you know , ‘ what I have to do is more important than what you have to do , and everybody 's got to get out of my way , ' ” he added .
Bruggemann is a mechanic and auto repair consultant who bought his dashcam for protection , serving as evidence in case of an accident or fraud .
“ You have people who run out into the street and will bounce off your car and say , ‘ you hit me , ' just to make the insurance claim , ” he said . “ It 's ugly , but it happens . ”
He said having the dashcam has made him a better driver .
“ When you review the video from the dashcam , you realize how it looks from the other end , ” he said .
AAA said dashcams are growing in popularity in the United States but are still in only a small percentage of vehicles .
The Telegraph published an interesting article recently on the top 20 best-selling mobile phones of all time , including sales data on each of those top 20 smartphones . I 've done a bit of poking around and discovered some interesting trends in the data . Contrary to what you might expect , our modern favourites like the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy S III are nowhere near the top of the pile . Instead , that honour falls to a vast legion of ‘ dumb ' phones from the likes of Nokia and Motorola .
In fact , the top spot goes to the lowly Nokia 1110 , which saw 250 million sales since its release in 2005 . Curiously , sales of that single model eclipse that of Motorola 's appearances on the list ( which include the first flip phone , the StarTAC in '96 and the RAZR V3 in 2004 ) which only total 225 million units . Having said that though , just the Motorola entries on the list have sold more units than all of the smartphones on the list – the Android-powered Galaxy S II and S III and the iOS-powered iPhone 3GS and 4S . In total , dumb phones make up a massive 91 % of the total sales included on the list .
Of course , feature phones are on the way out as smartphones become increasingly cheaper and more accessible to those in emerging markets . Only 17 % of the sales totals on the list come from phones released after 2008 – by which point the iPhone 3G and the first Android phone , the T-Mobile G1 have been released . And of these phones that made it into the top 20 and were released after 2008 , 53 % were smartphones .
It 's kind of a sad state of affairs to look at the list , really , to consider how far these feature phone manufacturers have fallen . Nokia , whose phones make up 78 % of the top 20 sales volume , had to abandon its Symbian platform in 2011 and pinned its hopes on the unproven Windows Phone operating system . With its total Windows Phone sales measuring under 15 million in the last five quarters , it 's clear to see that Nokia are nowhere near their former glory .
Motorola is n't faring much better . While the company 's mobile division was acquired by Google last year , we still have n't seen any massively popular releases , despite the revival of the RAZR brand with a new line of Android-powered smartphones .
While Samsung and Apple have done well and Motorola and Nokia have done poorly as of late , the market has also become a lot larger and many more companies are taking part including a number of firms from the Far East .
While the burgeoning emerging markets in China , India and beyond will no doubt prove instrumental targets for mobile companies to capture , with so many devices to choose from it will be difficult for any of these manufacturers to break into a ‘ Top 20 best-selling phones ' any time in the near future – although ‘ total sales by manufacturer ' will certainly continue to be an interesting race .
What do you make of Nokia and Motorola 's fall from grace and the rest of the trends found in the article ? Let us know in the comments below .
Thanks for reading and have a good day !
If robots are going to be useful in many everyday situations , they will need to be able to manipulate all sorts of objects .
Grabbing a pen or pair of sunglasses might be effortless for you or me , but it 's fiendishly difficult for a robot , especially if the object in question is unfamiliar or positioned awkwardly .
The Baxter in Stefanie Tellex 's lab tries to grasp two objects at once .
Practice makes perfect , though , as one robot is proving . It is teaching itself to grasp all sorts of objects through hours of repetition . The robot uses different cameras and infrared sensors to look at an unfamiliar object from various angles before attempting to pick it up . Then it does so using several different grasps , shaking the object to make sure it is held securely . It may take dozens of tries for the robot to find the right grasp , and dozens more for it to make sure an object wo n't slip .
That might seem like a tedious process , but once the robot has learned how to pick something up , it can share that knowledge with other robots that have the same sensors and grippers . The researchers behind the effort eventually hope to have hundreds of robots learn collectively how to grasp a million different things .
The work was done by Stefanie Tellex , an assistant professor at Brown University , together with one of her graduate students , John Oberlin . They used a two-armed industrial robot called Baxter , made by the Boston-based company Rethink Robotics .
At the Northeast Robotics Colloquium , an event held at Worcester Polytechnic Institute this month , Oberlin demonstrated the robot 's gripping abilities to members of the public .
Enabling robots to manipulate objects more easily is one of the big challenges in robotics today , and it could have major industrial significance ( see “ Shelf-Picking Robots Will Vie for Amazon Prize ” ) .
Tellex says robotics researchers are increasingly looking for more efficient ways of training robots to perform tasks such as manipulation . “ We have powerful algorithms now—such as deep learning—that can learn from large data sets , but these algorithms require data , ” she says . “ Robot practice is a way to acquire the data that a robot needs for learning to robustly manipulate objects . ”
Tellex also notes that there are around 300 Baxter robots in various research labs around the world today . If each of those robots were to use both arms to examine new objects , she says , it would be possible for them to learn to grasp a million objects in 11 days . “ By having robots share what they 've learned , it 's possible to increase the speed of data collection by orders of magnitude , ” she says .
To grasp each object , the Brown researchers ' robot scans it from various angles using one of the cameras in its arms and the infrared sensors on its body . This allows it to identify possible locations at which to grasp . The researchers used a mathematical technique to optimize the process of practicing different grips . With this technique , the team 's Baxter robot picked up objects as much as 75 percent more reliably than it did use its regular software . The information acquired for each object—the images , the 3-D scans , and the correct grip—is encoded in a format that allows it to be shared online .
Other groups are developing methods to allow robots to learn to perform various tasks , including grasping . One of the most promising ways to achieve this is deep learning using so-called neural networks , which are simulations loosely modeled on the way nerves in the brain process information and learn ( see “ Robot Toddler Learns to Stand by ‘ Imagining ' How to Do It ” ) .
Although humans acquire an ability to grasp through learning , a child does n't need to spend so much time handling different objects , and he or she can use previous experience to figure out very quickly how to pick up a new object . Tellex says the ultimate goal of her project is to give robots similar abilities . “ Our long-term aim is to use this data to generalize to novel objects , ” she says .
Social media giant Facebook has announced it will stop routing sales from major UK customers through Ireland , in a move which is likely to lead to an increase in tax paid to the British exchequer . The move will reduce taxable profits routed though Ireland , though recent results show that the company has paid little corporation tax here in recent years anyway .
The move comes after widespread criticism of multinational companies ' use of complex tax arrangements to minimise their liabilities .
Facebook said in a statement that the new arrangement — which will start in April — would provide greater “ transparency ” .
A Facebook spokesman said : “ On Monday we will start notifying large UK customers that from the start of April they will receive invoices from Facebook UK and not Facebook Ireland . What this means in practice is that UK sales made directly by our UK team will be booked in the UK , not Ireland . Facebook UK will then record the revenue from these sales .
“ In light of changes to tax law in the UK , we felt this change would provide transparency to Facebook 's operations in the UK . The new structure is easier to understand and clearly recognises the value our UK organisation adds to our sales through our highly skilled and growing UK sales team . ”
Facebook 's largest advertising customers in Britain include Tesco and Sainsbury 's as well as major advertising buyer WPP .
Smaller businesses that use the social network 's online ad buying tools will still be invoiced through Facebook Ireland , which will remain the company 's international headquarters handling all business outside of North America .
There was no guidance from Facebook on how much additional revenue from advertisers can be expected to be routed through the UK or how much more tax the company will pay to HM Revenue & Customs as a result of the move . The scale of the additional payment , which may run into millions of pounds , will not be known until official accounts are published in 2017 .
Smaller advertisers who deal with sales staff based in Ireland will continue to receive invoices from Ireland .
Facebook attracted criticism in the UK after its results for 2014 showed it paid £4,327 corporation tax , which is charged at 20 per cent on taxable profits . The company 's accounts recorded UK revenues totalling £105 million . But they showed it made an accounting loss of £28.5 million in Britain , after it more than doubled its staff share bonus pot to £35.4 million .
Facebook 's payment of £4,327 was less than a single UK worker on an average salary would have paid in income tax and national insurance .
Revenue at Facebook Ireland rose to €4.8 billion in 2014 , but the company paid only €3.4 million in tax , its accounts have revealed .
In 2013 , the company paid €2.3 million in tax on turnover of almost €3 billion .
PA
Robbie the Reindeer Genre Comedy , Stop motion Created by Richard Curtis Country of origin United Kingdom Original language ( s ) English No . of episodes 3 Production Running time 30 minutes Production company ( s ) BBC Bristol , Comic Relief , Absolute Digital Pictures Distributor BBC Studios Release Original network BBC One Picture format PAL , 16:9 Original release 1999 –
2007
Robbie the Reindeer is a series of three animated comedy television specials co-produced by the BBC and charity Comic Relief which aired on BBC One between Christmas 1999 and 2007 . Although the series is distributed commercially by BBC Studios , and has been sold to more than 30 countries internationally , the entirety of their net profits from the series go to Comic Relief . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The first two specials were animated in stop motion by the BBC Bristol animation unit , [ 3 ] while the third was a CGI animation by Absolute Digital Pictures . Robbie the Reindeer was created by Richard Curtis , [ 2 ] who also was executive producer of the first two specials and co-wrote Hooves of Fire .
The programmes follow Robbie , a reindeer who travels to the North Pole to join Santa 's sleigh team , his encounters with the vengeful Blitzen and his relationship with love interest Donner .
Characters [ edit ]
Ardal O'Hanlon as Robbie : The easy-going and childlike son of one of Santa 's former reindeer whose nose acts as a tracking device .
: The easy-going and childlike son of one of Santa 's former reindeer whose nose acts as a tracking device . Paul Whitehouse as Prancer : An upbeat and slow-witted reindeer that befriends Robbie .
: An upbeat and slow-witted reindeer that befriends Robbie . Jane Horrocks as Donner : A support member of the sleigh team and Robbie 's love interest .
: A support member of the sleigh team and Robbie 's love interest . Steve Coogan as Blitzen : A member of the sleigh team who is envious of Robbie 's father 's popularity and plots to `` destroy '' Robbie as revenge .
: A member of the sleigh team who is envious of Robbie 's father 's popularity and plots to `` destroy '' Robbie as revenge . Harry Enfield as Old Jingle : The reindeer that trained Robbie 's father and prepares Robbie for The Reindeer Games .
: The reindeer that trained Robbie 's father and prepares Robbie for The Reindeer Games . Alistair McGowan as Des Yeti and Alan Snowman : Commentators for The Reindeer Games .
and : Commentators for The Reindeer Games . Robbie 's Father : A former member of the sleigh team ( implied to be Rudolph ) [ 4 ] [ 5 ] who once `` saved the day '' for Santa and as a result is popular enough to have merchandise and a song named after him . He is never named or seen onscreen , and a running gag sees any character who attempts to say his name immediately interrupted .
List of specials [ edit ]
Release [ edit ]
American Dub [ edit ]
The programme was first shown in the United States on Fox Family with the original British voices until 2001 . In 2002 , CBS acquired the rights to the first two specials and recorded new dialog with American actors . [ 1 ] The American cast included : Ben Stiller ( Robbie ) , Britney Spears ( Donner ) , James Woods ( Narrator , Viking 1 ) , Brad Garret ( Prancer ) , Hugh Grant ( Blitzen ) , Leah Remini ( Vixen , Koala ) , Jerry Stiller ( Old Jingle ) , Dick Enberg ( Des Yeti ) , Dan Dierdorf ( Allan Snowman ) , Grey Delisle ( Mrs. Santa , Arctic Fox , Female Viking ) , Rob Paulsen ( Head Elf , Viking 2/4 ) , and Jim Belushi ( Santa , Little Magnus ) . CBS stopped showing the program after the 2005 holiday season , after which Nicktoons Network aired the original British version for two years . In 2016 , CBS began airing the first two specials again using the American dub .
Home Video [ edit ]
In the United Kingdom , Hooves of Fire was released on DVD in November 2000 . [ 6 ] A `` Collector 's Edition '' release adding Legend of the Lost Tribe followed in November 2003 and a collection of all three specials , subtitled The Whole Herd , was released in November 2009 . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] The 2009 release contained the special features from previous releases , including a 5.1 sound mix on Hooves of Fire , directors commentary on the first two specials , the complete Hooves storyboard , behind the scenes footage and an interview with Peter Peake . In the United States , Hooves of Fire was originally released on DVD in September 2001 , containing the British voice cast and the same extras as the UK release . [ 5 ] A DVD adding Legend of the Lost Tribe was released in October 2003 , this time containing both the British and American dialog tracks ; This release also contained the extras from the UK edition , with the exception of the 5.1 mix and storyboards for Hooves of Fire . [ 9 ]
The al-Qaida-affiliated al-Nusra Front has attacked posts controlled by Hizbullah and the Syrian Army in the town of Fleita in the Syrian Qalamun region on Saturday , killing five Hizbullah members and several Syrian soldiers while sustaining six deaths .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported Saturday that “ fierce clashes are ongoing since early morning between Hizbullah and the Syrian Army on one side and al-Nusra Front on the other in Qalamun 's Flita outskirts . ”
According to LBCI TV , al-Nusra Front militants attacked the positions overnight .
Al-Nusra stated on the Twitter account of its Qalamun branch that “ the Front took control of Hizubllah 's al-Masroub post in Flita 's outskirts . ”
Hizbullah-run al-Manar TV however denied al-Nusra 's claims and reported that “ the shelling was focused on al-Masroub post in Flita , but the al-Nusra attack was not surprising . ”
“ The clashes went on for hours but the attack was eventually repulsed and the gunmen retreated to Tal al-Hariq , after airstrikes by the Syrian army on al-Nusra 's posts in Khirbat Mira and Wadi Martbiyyeh , which left 6 dead and 17 injured . ''
Reports also stated that Hizbullah members Ali Bakri , Fadl Faqih , Hamza Ammar , Mohammed al-Hajj Hassan and Hadi Hassan Nour al-Din were killed in the battles .
Meanwhile , al-Nusra announced on Twitter that its fighters planted landmines near posts controlled by Hizbullah and the Lebanese army .
“ The engineering team planted mines in the areas near the Iranian ( Hizbullah ) and the Nusayri ( Syrian ) army in Qalamun , ” the group said in a tweet .
LBCI later reported that heavy clashes erupted between Hizbullah and al-Nusra Front on the outskirts of Flita .
Flita is just across the Lebanese border to Arsal , a crossing point 20 kilometers to the northwest which rebels and refugees have used regularly .
Hizbullah is a close ally of the Syrian regime and has been fighting alongside government troops against an uprising there .
Its involvement has helped the army to recapture key territory , but drawn the ire of many in Lebanon .
The Lebanese army has been battling the Syria-based Islamist militants who are entrenched on the porous border between Lebanon and Syria since several months .
In August , they overran Arsal and engaged in deadly fighting with the army . Around 20 troops were killed while at least 35 soldiers and policemen were taken hostage by the retreating militants .
H.K .
D.A .
M.Y .
Peak THC : The Limits on THC and CBD Levels for Cannabis Strains
For decades , growers have used selective breeding to create strains with ever-higher levels of THC . Some have done the same to produce low-THC , high-CBD profiles . But is there a limit on the THC or CBD levels that cannabis can produce ? Or will growers continue to pack more power per pound into the plant ?
The answer is simple : There are limits . And today 's growers have probably already reached the natural limits with the most potent THC-dominant and CBD-dominant strains .
Because CBD and THC are ultimately derived from CBGA , and strain genetics limit how that happens , there are serious biological constraints on the THC : CBD ratios that strains can have . You can see this clearly by looking at a plot of THC vs. CBD content across many strains , which will look something like what you see in Figure 1 .
Lab Data Shows Limits on THC and CBD Levels
The above graphic is based on real data—over 1,200 laboratory measurements from commercial strains in the state of Washington . Almost all strains fall into one of the three shaded regions above . And this is n't anything new—botanists have known about this general pattern for years , and have used the THC : CBD ratio to classify landrace strains into three “ chemotypes . ”
Most commercial strains sit near the x-axis in Figure 1—they have high THC content and low or negligible CBD levels . By contrast , hemp strains sit near the y-axis because they produce CBD but very little THC . Balanced strains produce both CBD and THC , so they fall somewhere in the middle . THC-dominant strains make up the bulk of flower products on dispensary shelves , although balanced strains are rising in popularity due to increasing consumer interest in CBD .
What 's also interesting are the blank regions , where you should never expect a commercial strain to fall . In terms of THC content , ~8-10 % dry weight marks the low end for common THC-dominant strains ( although you can find some with lower levels ) . The most potent strains clock in at just over 30 % THC by dry weight . You can occasionally find some that contain higher levels , but they 're rare .
But there is an upper limit . The biological limits on THC production mean that ~35 % total THC by dry weight is a rough upper limit for strains . On average , high-THC strains contain ~18-20 % total THC , while the more potent strains will contain ~25-30 % total THC . You should almost never see a strain with more than 35 % total THC by dry weight . Be skeptical if you do .
( Note : in the next article of this series , we 'll look more closely at what Total THC by % dry weight means , and how to read it on labels . )
Mixed strains are also limited in how much CBD and THC they can produce . They ca n't produce as much THC as the more potent THC-dominant strains , and they ca n't produce as much CBD as the more potent hemp strains . 20 % total CBD by dry weight would be considered highly potent for a hemp strain .
Most balanced strains will tend to have CBD and THC levels in the neighborhood of ~6-12 % . But you should never see a strain with 30 % THC and 10 % CBD , or one with 30 % of both . The biology of THC and CBD production prevents this . Be skeptical if you see flower claiming to contain anything very far from the shaded purple regions in Figure 1 .
Why Do These Limits Exist ?
If you think about it , there are commonsense reasons why these limits exist . When appropriately labeled , cannabis products tell you how much THC , CBD , or other compounds are present as a percentage of the dry weight of that product . If the flower you buy is labelled as having 25 % THC by dry weight , it means that 25 % of the mass of the flower , after it has been dried to remove water , comes from THC . That means 75 % of its dry weight comes from other things : fats , carbs , proteins , vitamins , and minerals . All that stuff . More THC or CBD means less of those things , which the plant depends on for survival .
But just knowing the % dry weight number is n't enough if you want to know exactly how much THC you will really be dealing with when consuming your favorite strain . That 's because a lot of the “ THC ” in your product is really THCA , much of which will be converted into THC by the heat from your lighter , vape or oven . And this process is n't 100 % efficient , which means things are n't so cut and dry that you can just read the numbers on the label .
In the next installment of this series , we 'll take a deeper dive into what “ Total THC ” really means , and how it can be calculated . After that , we 'll explore how the THC : CBD ratio might be used to predict relative differences in effects that different strains may have .
References :
De meijer EP , Bagatta M , Carboni A , et al . The inheritance of chemical phenotype in Cannabis sativa L. Genetics . 2003 ; 163 ( 1 ) :335-46 . PDF
Hillig KW , Mahlberg PG . A chemotaxonomic analysis of cannabinoid variation in Cannabis ( Cannabaceae ) . Am J Bot . 2004 ; 91 ( 6 ) :966-75 . PDF
Sawler J , Stout JM , Gardner KM , et al . The Genetic Structure of Marijuana and Hemp . PLoS ONE . 2015 ; 10 ( 8 ) : e0133292 . PDF
Weiblen GD , Wenger JP , Craft KJ , et al . Gene duplication and divergence affecting drug content in Cannabis sativa . New Phytol . 2015 ; 208 ( 4 ) :1241-50 . PDF
Mr. Mochizuki said he was carrying the letters of apology to Japan .
Commander Waddle 's gesture may help allay anger in Japan , where the tradition of making amends with a formal bow and a teary apology is considered extremely important . Apologies from President Bush , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and other senior officials apparently have not been enough .
'' I wish he had expressed his feelings to the families sooner , '' Chihoko Nishida , the wife of a missing crew member , was quoted as saying by Kyodo News agency in Tokyo . '' But at least I would like to accept his intention to apologize . ''
In Tokyo today , Adm. William J. Fallon , vice chief of naval operations , met with the relatives of missing victims .
'' I 'm here to request in the most humble and sincere manner that you accept the apology of the people of the United States and the U.S. Navy , as a personal representative of President Bush , '' Admiral Fallon told relatives gathered at the American ambassador 's residence in Tokyo .
The skipper of the trawler , the Ehime Maru , and the families of the victims have repeatedly demanded a formal apology from Commander Waddle , and the families have demanded that it be done in person .
But the commander 's friends and some Navy officials said his lawyers had at first advised him to say nothing , in an effort to avoid damaging his defense should he be charged with a crime under military law .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Senior Navy officials , however , said that Commander Waddle had been told to do what he thought was right and that he had not been discouraged from apologizing .
Three days ago , Commander Waddle , with the help of his civilian lawyer , Charles Gittins , sent a letter of regret to the Japanese people . But the letter stopped short of an apology .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Besides letters for each of the victims ' families and the skipper , Commander Waddle wrote to Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori , the governor of the prefecture where the victims lived and the principal of the school that four missing students attended . The contents of the letters were not released .
Efforts to reach Mr. Gittins were unsuccessful . Commander Waddle 's military defense lawyer at the Pearl Harbor Naval Base , Cmdr . Jennifer S. Herold , said she had nothing to say about her client .
Commander Waddle has made no public statement since Feb. 9 , when his submarine , on a routine training exercise with 16 civilians aboard , tore through the bottom of the Japanese trawler nine miles away from Pearl Harbor , sinking it within minutes . He refused to be interviewed by the National Transportation Safety Board , which is conducting its own investigation . He has been named as one of three parties before a court of inquiry , as the Navy 's highest investigatory authority is known , when it convenes here on Monday .
In his apology today , Admiral Fallon pledged that the Navy 's court of inquiry would `` provide a full and open accounting . ''
As he stood before three representatives of the families he said , `` I humbly request your acceptance of my apology . '' Then , after a pause , he bowed deeply .
A representative of the families , Ryosuke Terata , the father of a missing 17-year-old , gave the clearest recognition yet of the apologies .
'' I felt the envoy was sincere , and it was the most satisfying meeting we have had yet , '' Mr. Terata told Admiral Fallon . '' We thank you for meeting with us . ''
Committed to Serving Veterans in Need
By Stand Down , Inc. is a non-profit organization assisting Veterans to break the cycle of homelessness .
The 19th annual Stand Down for Veterans in Need will be held on Friday , November 4 , from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. at the North Terminal Ted Stevens International Airport . Stand Down provides an opportunity for homeless Veterans and Veterans in need to obtain a multitude of services without having to negotiate through formal channels and make numerous trips to various agencies throughout the city . Several Social Services agencies from the community will be available to provide information on housing , Social Security , legal assistance , IRS problems , etc . Medical services are also provided for general medical exams and dental exams . In addition , Veterans will be able to secure haircuts , massages , and clothing . Free transportation will be provided by People Mover ( Bus # 7 ) for Veterans with VA Identification Cards .
General Questions :
Art Robinson , In-Kind Donations 830-4599
John Pendrey , VA Homeless Services 273-4051
Brenda Glaze , AFHC 338-4574
To be a Social Services Provider :
Shawn Duthie , HUD 677-9877
To Volunteer :
Judy Thompson , VA Voluntary Services 257-5474
A key vacancy in the State Department is creating friction between the European Union and United States over a new agreement affecting thousands of U.S. companies that do business in Europe .
The agreement , known as the privacy shield , allows businesses to swiftly send personal data across the Atlantic , something that affects a huge swath of U.S. companies , from Facebook and Apple to Netflix and Google .
Without the shield , companies that operate in Europe would have to enter into special contracts to transfer personal data .
ADVERTISEMENT
EU officials are worried that the Trump administration has yet to nominate an ombudsman at the State Department to oversee complaints from Europeans about the access U.S. national security agencies may have to their data .
“ This is a very clear-cut requirement from our side , ” European Commissioner for Justice Vera Jourová told The Hill after the end of this week 's meetings .
She said U.S. officials are “ aware that this is one of the important issues for us and that we will be following very closely this situation. ” If the position is filled , it will increase EU trust in the shield , she said .
Jourová told The Hill that her talks with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Wilbur Louis RossGovernors bullish on infrastructure after Trump talks Federal judge refuses to delay ruling on census citizenship question Washington bureaucrats are handing China keys to 5G kingdom MORE and other U.S. officials left her “ cautiously optimistic ” and that she received assurances , but she said her delegation also left with unanswered questions .
There are no signs that the vacant position could derail the agreement , but it has become a growing point of contention on the European side .
It 's also a symptom of the larger challenge Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration 's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE has faced in filling roles in the department amid a hiring freeze and scuffles with the White House over personnel .
The U.S.-EU privacy shield replaced the defunct Safe Harbor agreement struck down by the European Court of Justice over lack of sufficient data protections . About 2,400 companies are now participating in the voluntary program .
Though officials on both sides of the Atlantic say the deal boosted privacy protections , it has generated skepticism in Europe over privacy , with EU 's top data watchdog repeatedly raising concerns .
Establishing a Privacy Shield ombudsperson with a direct line to the secretary of State was supposed to appease critics of the deal .
It could remain empty for months , even in the event of a swift nomination , given the often lengthy confirmation process for President Trump 's nominees in the Senate .
The White House did not return a request for information on when to expect a nomination .
The administration has delegated someone to fulfill the duties of ombudsperson for the time being , passing the authorities to Judith Garber , who is the acting assistant secretary of State for oceans , environment and science .
Yet this sends the signal that filling the position is not much of a priority for the administration .
“ I think that European countries will be looking for signs that the administration sees Privacy Shield as being something that the U.S. government supports , ” said Oliver Yaros , a partner in the intellectual property and IT group in Mayer Brown 's London office . “ I think that it being vacant is just not a good sign . ”
“ I do n't think it would necessarily sink the Privacy Shield if no one is appointed right now , ” Yaros added . “ I think both sides want this to work . ”
Tech industry representatives , who are eager to see the pact continue , also acknowledge that the vacancy will continue to be a sticking point , though they say it is highly unlikely to derail the agreement in the short-term .
“ I think this is something that the Europeans will stress time and again to their U.S. counterparts , ” said Thomas Boué , director of The Software Alliance 's policy activities . “ These things take time . If we were to focus on what could be better , we 're always going to find something . ”
For now , the European side appears to be taking a wait-and-see approach .
Jourová noted that , while she would like to see the new administration fill top data privacy roles swiftly , “ we are not giving any deadlines because we understand that the process is rather complicated . ”
“ It is not a distrust which we might have towards the acting people , but of course we would like to see these institutions , which play such a crucial role for Privacy Shield , running , ” Jourová said , also pointing to vacancies on the Privacy and Civil Liberties Board , an independent body within the White House that oversees government surveillance activities .
Trump selected a former law clerk to the late Justice Antonin Scalia to chair the oversight board at the end of August , after coming under scrutiny for not issuing any nominations to the five-person body even as it was whittled down to one member .
On other Privacy Shield matters , European officials are looking for immediate answers from the new administration . Jourová spoke of the need for “ clarifications ” on procedures surrounding U.S. access to data for national security purposes , though she would not expand on any particular concerns .
Those answers will inform a final assessment on the review to the European Commission that she plans to complete by the end of October , paving the way for the Privacy Shield to be renewed for another year .
Meanwhile , French and Irish privacy groups are challenging the pact in European courts , two cases that could yield developments later this year .
President Barack Obama is set to veto a Republican-passed bill that gives people an exemption from penalties if they purchase health insurance through Obamacare co-ops , but then lose their plan because the co-op failed .
`` These options are available to all consumers in these circumstances , not just those enrolled in coverage through co-ops , '' said the Office of Management and Budget on Tuesday , which issued a statement on the White House 's stance on the veto , and argued the measure was unnecessary .
The bill , sponsored by Rep. Adrian Smith ( R-Nebraska ) “ would create a bad precedent for using exemptions from the individual-responsibility provision to address unrelated concerns about the Affordable Care Act , ” the White House said .
The bill was intended to help enrollees of three nonprofit health insurers set up under Obamacare , known as co-ops , that have failed in the middle of this year , forcing people to find a new plan .
The OMB argued the bill would be a “ step in the wrong direction ” and weaken the “ individual responsibility provision , ” which in turn would “ increase insurance premiums and decrease the number of Americans with coverage . ”
Rep. Pat Tiberi , ( R-Ohio ) , who chairs the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health , said the problem has harmed nearly 22,000 people in his state who signed up with InHealth co-op .
`` Thirty-one percent of American counties have one provider of health insurance , they do n't have choices , '' he said earlier this month .
The OMB said the Obama administration had already reached out to people who lost their plans to help them transition to other plans . The agency also said people can qualify under the law for exemptions to the individual mandate penalties .
Since the introduction of Obamacare , the uninsured rate has hit 8.6 percent , an historic low , according to the most up-to-date government numbers , which translates to at least 21 million fewer people uninsured since the law passed in 2010 .
Under the plan , the government requires most people to have health insurance , provides subsidies of billions of dollars in premiums , and imposes fines for those uninsured .
There are still 27 million people without health insurance , and the government estimated that half of them would be eligible for private coverage through insurance markets like Healthcare.gov , according to Associated Press .
The House will vote on the measure on Tuesday .
It 's New York fashion week and Aslaug Magnusdottir is sitting in the front row at the Marchesa fall 2012 show at The Plaza Hotel , dressed in a white bouclé Marc Jacobs skirt suit , looking every bit like the women 's magazine editors she 's seated beside . But Magnusdottir does n't write about the latest trends . Her year-old startup Moda Operandi , which in its second round of financing last June raised $ 10 million , allows customers for the first time to pre-order items straight from the runway . “ People are saying fashion week is no longer just a press event , it has become a shopping event because of us , ” she says .
Following a fashion show , Magnusdottir dispatches her team—including a photographer , stylist , makeup artist and models—to a designer 's studio to shoot the line . “ Often the collection is still being priced while we 're there , ” she says . “ Everything happens very much in real time . ”
Within 24 hours following the studio visit , the collection can be seen online , allowing customers to be curators , and decide what fashions are standouts . They can pre-order what they like by putting 50 percent of the price down . The balance is n't due until several months later when the items they 've ordered are shipped to their homes inside of one of Moda Operandi 's monogram fabric garment bags with leather accents .
There is room for surprise built into Moda Operandi 's business model . Phillip Lim 's pre-fall 2012 Ka-Pow cardigan inspired by neo-noir comics was a surprise hit on the site , for instance . Customers can make returns for credit , but currently the return rate on the site is a low 10 percent , the company says .
Magnusdottir co-founded Moda Operandi with Vogue contributor Lauren Santo Domingo . Before settling on the concept of online trunk shows , the duo considered opening a traditional brick-and-mortar store , which they envisioned as a New York City version of Paris ' famed Colette boutique . But after spending six months in 2008 looking at potential spaces , “ we came to the conclusion that New York just does n't need another store , ” Magnusdottir says .
In 2009 , Magnusdottir , who 'd previously had a career in venture capital and consulting , began working at e-commerce site Gilt Groupe . “ It was through the interaction with a lot of designers at Gilt that I started thinking about the need for this concept , '' she says . She revived her partnership with Santo Domingo , resigned from Gilt Groupe in June , 2010 and completed the startup 's first round of funding two months later . “ As far as being a woman , this is a better time than ever before to be raising capital , ” she says . “ The fashion sector is very hot in New York , especially the fashion tech sector , and a lot of women have been the leaders in the industry . ”
The site launched in February 2011—coinciding with New York fashion week and the fall 2011 collections—with over 40 designers featured , from rising-star Prabal Gurung to stalwart Calvin Klein .
Moda Operandi 's biggest challenges have been convincing customers of the value of ordering clothing online months in advance of delivery , and luring in big spenders who are used to meticulous care ( and perks ) from luxury purveyors .
To woo customers , Magnusdottir says she reminds them that “ the experience that we are offering is similar to a private order , which was previously only available to celebrities , socialites , editors and close friends of designers. ” She 's also taken a lesson from Gilt Groupe 's flash sales experience . “ If you do n't secure [ the runway fashions you want ] then and there , you will probably never find them again , ” Magnusdottir recites as another Moda Operandi mantra . Trunk shows live on the site for three to seven days .
The exclusivity resonates in other ways . Actress Glenn Close 's fresh-off-the-runway Zac Posen fall 2012 forest green embroidered bustle mermaid gown , which she wore to this year 's Oscars , hit Moda Operandi before she hit the red carpet . Ca n't live without it ? It will cost you $ 8,990 .
Selling luxury goods at that steep a price point online is a relatively new phenomenon . “ Ten years ago , people thought nobody would ever buy expensive dresses online , ” Magnusdottir says . The most expensive piece Moda Operandi has sold to date was for $ 60,000 . The average order placed on the site is for $ 1,400 .
“ If someone is making a very expensive purchase decision they typically have a lot of questions about the fit , and about what to wear the item with , '' Magnusdottir says . `` In some cases , they 'll ask for additional images or want to contact the designer . '' All of which Moda Operandi 's team of stylists will assist with .
Other perks of being a top Moda Operandi customer include being invited to fashion shows and having items personally delivered . Top Middle Eastern clients ( the site 's second biggest market behind the U.S. ) were invited to Matthew Williamson and Peter Pilotto 's latest runway shows in London .
Moda Operandi , which started with five employees ( including its founders ) , has grown in just a year to 40 employees . International sales are on the upswing ( the site ships to over 150 countries , which make up 20 percent of sales currently ) . And the site is offering over 120 designers ' fall 2012 collections . Alexander Wang , Isabel Marant and Theyskens ' Theory have been the bestselling lines since the site launched .
Perhaps the biggest sign of success for Moda Operandi is that several luxury brands—including Salvatore Ferragamo and Jil Sander—have followed their lead offering pre-sale trunk shows on their own sites . “ The more that customers get used to shopping this way , the better it is for us , ” Magnusdottir says . As for how she plans to keep the site ahead of the curve—shoppable editorial content is in the works , as are online tools to help customers better figure out their sizing .
Magnusdottir cites dealing with rapid growth as her biggest challenge , and jokes that straddling the line between tech entrepreneur and fashionista is her other issue . “ My days lately have been a mix of meetings with some of our investors and going fashion shows , ” she says . “ Getting the outfit right for that is quite the challenge . ”
Follow Leah Bourne On Twitter @ FromtheFrontRow
Follow Tracy Ryan ( 21 Followers )
Sophie Isabella Ryan was born October 3 , 2012 , perfectly healthy weighing in at 8 pounds , 7.4 ounces . Her birth had zero complications and I had the perfect pregnancy , doing everything right by way of diet and constant checkups with my OB . On June 20 , 2013 , Sophie had her first MRI scan after nystagmus , shaking of the eyeball , presented in her left eye . On June 23rd , at 8 ½ months old , Sophie was diagnosed with a low-grade , Optic Pathway Glioma brain tumor . My husband , Josh , and I were originally told that her only option would be a 13-month protocol of chemo in hopes to stop the development of the tumor . Since it is a slow-growing tumor , chemo was never meant to get rid of the tumor , and doctors told us if they saw even minimal shrinkage it would be considered a huge success .
At this point , after succumbing to an emotionally devastating situation , we decided to dust ourselves off and look for other ways to save our daughter outside of just Western medicine alone ! After creating a Facebook page called “ Prayers for Sophie , ” a friend on Facebook put us in touch with Ricki Lake and Abby Epstein , who were filming a documentary about how cannabis oils kill cancer in pediatric patients . I was originally inspired to try for a natural birth after watching their first documentary , The Business of Being Born , so I knew if these ladies were now focused on a film about cannabis , there had to be something to it ! These women worked hard to surround us with the top oil makers and experts in California , and so our journey to healing our daughter began !
Sophie has been on high-concentrated THC and CBD cannabis oil since she started chemo in October of 2013 . The only side effects she ever had was a little sleepiness that completely went away as she acclimated to the oils . Now her only side effect is hunger , which is amazing since the chemo can affect her appetite . Despite several rounds of chemo , Sophie continued to gain weight and has a great quality of life despite having chemo once a week with short breaks from time to time . Her hair has grown back , she is advancing developmentally , and despite the nine blood transfusions she has required she is otherwise very happy and healthy .
After 12 months of chemo and high doses of cannabis oil , Sophie 's brain tumor is about 80 to 85 percent gone , and a massive cyst that had formed is about 90 percent gone ! We were told that chemo would also not get rid of the cyst . We were told that Sophie would go blind in her left eye and her right eye would likely be compromised . Because of the shrinkage we have seen from the use of cannabis oil , we have saved her vision , and the doctors are now in agreement that the cannabis oil has destroyed her tumor ! The only challenge she has is a lazy eye that we are working on correcting . From what the doctors can tell , Sophie can see extremely well and has had zero complications due to sight loss with the exception of a lazy eye that we are correcting by patching her strong eye . Team Sophie truly , truly believes that we will completely get rid of this tumor , and Sophie will not have to live with a mass in her brain for the rest of her life .
In addition to Sophie 's success , I am working with dozens of other patients directly affected by cancer , epilepsy , and other childhood illnesses by informing them of the beneficial uses of cannabis oil . I am seeing incredible success with the children I 'm guiding . Three different doctors told one child who has a brain stem tumor that chemo would not work and they could not save her life . A few months after reaching a medicinal cannabis dose , the parents opted to try chemo even though doctors said it would not shrink her tumor . After only 10 weeks of using cannabis and chemo , the tumor is now 50 percent gone ! The doctors are stunned , and this small child who is only 3 years old now has a shot at living a long and healthy life – one that would have been cut short had cannabis not been introduced into her protocol .
Children and adults around the globe are saving their own lives using cannabis and cannabis combined with chemo . Unfortunately , there are hundreds of thousands of sick people in states that ca n't access this medicine . It 's stories like little Sophie 's that need to be spread far and wide , so more lives can be saved . Time is of the essence , and spreading awareness would be an amazing step in the right direction !
[ Photo credit to Tracy Ryan ]
Like what you read ? “ Heart ” this story above , comment below , or consider submitting your own story !
Gulf Spill May Far Exceed Official Estimates
Watch the video of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill
The amount of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico may be at least 10 times the size of official estimates , according to an exclusive analysis conducted for NPR .
At NPR 's request , experts examined video that BP released Wednesday . Their findings suggest the BP spill is already far larger than the 1989 Exxon Valdez accident in Alaska , which spilled at least 250,000 barrels of oil .
BP has said repeatedly that there is no reliable way to measure the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico by looking at the oil gushing out of the pipe . But scientists say there are actually many proven techniques for doing just that .
Steven Wereley , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University , analyzed videotape of the seafloor gusher using a technique called particle image velocimetry .
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Moore/Getty Images John Moore/Getty Images
A computer program simply tracks particles and calculates how fast they are moving . Wereley put the BP video of the gusher into his computer . He made a few simple calculations and came up with an astonishing value for the rate of the oil spill : 70,000 barrels a day -- much higher than the official estimate of 5,000 barrels a day .
The method is accurate to a degree of plus or minus 20 percent .
Given that uncertainty , the amount of material spewing from the pipe could range from 56,000 barrels to 84,000 barrels a day . It is important to note that it 's not all oil . The short video BP released starts out with a shot of methane , but at the end it seems to be mostly oil .
`` There 's potentially some fluctuation back and forth between methane and oil , '' Wereley said .
But assuming that the lion 's share of the material coming out of the pipe is oil , Wereley 's calculations show that the official estimates are too low .
`` We 're talking more than a factor-of-10 difference between what I calculate and the number that 's being thrown around , '' he said .
NPR 's Richard Harris talks to Michele Norris on All Things Considered Listen · 3:45 3:45
At least two other calculations support him .
Timothy Crone , an associate research scientist at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory , used another well-accepted method to calculate fluid flows . Crone arrived at a similar figure , but he said he 'd like better video from BP before drawing a firm conclusion .
Eugene Chiang , a professor of astrophysics at the University of California , Berkeley , also got a similar answer , using just pencil and paper .
Without even having a sense of scale from the BP video , he correctly deduced that the diameter of the pipe was about 20 inches . And though his calculation is less precise than Wereley 's , it is in the same ballpark .
`` I would peg it at around 20,000 to 100,000 barrels per day , '' he said .
Chiang called the current estimate of 5,000 barrels a day `` almost certainly incorrect . ''
Given this flow rate , it seems this is a spill of unprecedented proportions in U.S. waters .
`` It would just take a few days , at most a week , for it to exceed the Exxon Valdez 's record , '' Chiang said .
BP disputed these figures .
`` We 've said all along that there 's no way to estimate the flow coming out of the pipe accurately , '' said Bill Salvin , a BP spokesman .
Instead , BP prefers to rely on measurements of oil on the sea surface made by the Coast Guard and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Those are also contentious . Salvin also says these analyses should not assume that the oil is spewing from the 21-inch pipe , called a riser , shown in the video .
`` The drill pipe , from which the oil is rising , is actually a 9-inch pipe that rests within the riser , '' Slavin said .
But Wereley says that fact does n't skew his calculation . And though scientists say they hope BP will eventually release more video and information so they can refine their estimates , what they have now is good enough .
`` It 's possible to get a pretty decent number by looking at the video , '' Wereley said .
This new , much larger number suggests that capturing -- and cleaning up -- this oil may be a much bigger challenge than anyone has let on .
Three Sporting KC Academy U16 players are in Carson , California this week for the 2015 Generation adidas Elite Soccer Program ( ESP ) All-Star Event . Jared Crist , John Klein and Jaylin Lindsey are among 54 of the top MLS youth academy players invited to join FC Bayern Munich 's U16 Academy team for a week of training , development and high-level matches in a professional atmosphere .
Sporting Kansas City 's three representatives are on the 18-player Central squad , which opened the round robin gameplay with a 1-1 draw against FC Bayern Munich U16 's earlier today . Lindsey -- an active member of the U.S. Under-15 Boys ' National Team -- scored Central 's lone goal against the international opposition .
SCHEDULE OF MATCHES
Tuesday , July 28 : Central vs. FC Bayern ( 1-1 draw )
Thursday , July 30 : Central vs. West
Saturday , Aug. 1 : Central vs. East
Crist played in 28 games for the Sporting KC Academy U16 's during the 2014-15 U.S. Soccer Development Academy season , scoring three goals . Klein was a member of the Sporting KC Academy U15 's that won the 2015 USYS National Championships on Sunday in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Great game vs @ FCBayernEN Tied 1-1 happy to have scored a goal S/O to @ JohnnyKlein67 @ jared_crist @ PaxiPomy for playing an amazing game ! — Jaylin Lindsey ( @ JaylinLindsey ) July 28 , 2015
Good game against @ FCBayernEN academy today . S/o to @ JaylinLindsey for the goal . — Johnny Klein ( @ JohnnyKlein67 ) July 28 , 2015
In addition to the on-field training and matches , Generation adidas ESP participants will attend a VIP viewing party at FOX Studios for the 2015 AT & T MLS All-Star Game on Wednesday ( 8 p.m. CT on FOX Sports 1 and UniMas ) and also received complimentary footwear/merchandise courtesy of adidas .
Five sounder rockets will be launched within five minutes of each other early on March 15 ( NASA , adapted by CWG )
UPDATE 4:10 p.m. , Monday , 3/26 : After yet another scrubbed attempt Friday , NASA is going to try again tonight between 2 and 5 a.m. Tuesday morning ( 3/27 ) . Status updates from NASA .
UPDATE , 5:00 p.m. , Thursday , 3/22 : After scrubbing attempts the last two nights , NASA will try again tonight .
UPDATE , 6:15 p.m. , Tuesday , 3/20 : NASA has scheduled the launch tonight for between midnight and 3 a.m. ( Wednesday morning ) , but says there is just a 10 % chance of acceptable weather . In other words , it will probably get rescheduled , again .
UPDATE , 6:00 p.m. Friday , 3/16 : NASA now says the launch will occur no earlier than the night of Sunday , March 18 .
UPDATE , 6:15 p.m. ( 3/14 ) : NASA has scrubbed the rocket launch for tonight “ because of an internal radio frequency interference issue with one of the rockets ” . The next launch attempt will occur no earlier than Friday night , March 16 .
From earlier ( 3/14 ) : Between midnight and 1:30 a.m. tonight ( March 15 ) , 5 NASA rockets will soar into the atmosphere to obtain information about rip roaring winds 60-65 miles high in the atmosphere . Assuming clear skies , NASA says the 5 rockets will be launched in just over 5 minutes from Wallops Island , Va .
Links : NASA launch webcast | Launch updates on Facebook and Twitter
These small , powerful “ sounding rockets ” will ascend to altitudes of 50 to 90 miles high . Night sky watchers from South Carolina to Pittsburgh to New England will be able to see a glowing trail of milky , white clouds for up to 20 minutes after the launch . These contrails , known as tracers , are being intentionally emitted so NASA can study how they move in the wind .
The mission sets out “ to study these high altitude winds and their intimate connection to the complicated electrical current patterns that surround Earth ” NASA says .
Link : Space.com slideshow
These super fast winds , not to be confused with the jet stream that transports weather systems much lower in the atmosphere ( at altitudes around 30,000 feet ) , reach speeds of 200-300 miles per hour . They 're in a region of the ionosphere with high levels of electrical turbulence that can interfere with satellite and radio communications .
“ This area shows winds much larger than expected , ” says Miguel Larsen , principal investigator for this Anomalous Transport Rocket Experiment ( ATREX ) . “ We do n't yet know what we 're going to see , but there is definitely something unusual going on . ATREX will help us understand the big question about what is driving these fast winds . ”
Video overview of ATREX mission from NASA
Link : NASA ATREX website
NASA hopes the experiment will help scientists better model this area , where damage to satellites and communication systems can occur from the turbulent winds .
--
During Bill O'Reilly 's interview of Donald Trump tonight he put particular focus on Trump 's newest idea for immigration by eliminating birthright citizenship . O'Reilly said that even though he was intrigued by his call to curb illegal immigration , he was not so sure that Trump 's ideas for mass deportations can happen under the 14th Amendment .
Trump responded that O'Reilly 's concerns by saying he was wrong about how the Constitution applies to anchor babies . “ Many lawyers are saying that 's not the way it is in terms of this , ” Trump said . “ They are saying it is not going to hold up in court . It will have to be tested but they say it will not hold up in court . ”
O'Reilly agreed that the country needed stronger laws and borders , but said that the federal courts would never allow a mass deportation for those who are entitled due process by their American citizenship . “ Do you envision federal police kicking in the doors around the country dragging families out and putting them on a bus , ” O'Reilly asked .
Trump retorted that he does n't think they have American citizenship , and that there are many lawyers that agree with him . When asked about whether he would pursue a constitutional amendment , Trump dismissed the idea , saying that it would take too long and he would prefer somehow testing to see whether anchor babies were truly American citizens .
You can watch the segment here :
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Ken Meyer ( @ KenMeyer91 ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
I spend most weekends furiously running errands around town , and trying to fit in the tasks I neglected during the previous week ( god help me if I ever have children ) . My hopping from sun salutations to late breakfast to the grocery store to Target and beyond of course necessitates versatile , utilitarian staples . But I often use “ utility ” as an excuse for looking polished—wearing the same Under Armour leggings , white tee , Toms , and scruffy ponytail stuffed under a knitted cap all weekend . While it seems okay to relax standards of dress sometimes ( especially when you put a lot of effort into looking bright , shiny , and bushy-tailed for work ) —it 's less okay when you actively hope you do n't run into friends and colleagues around town because that would mean they see you . Increasingly , I 've felt the need to play incognito because I look so sloppy . Incognito is really , really hard when you 're 6 ' 4″ .
So I thoroughly welcomed the opportunity to review casual staples from Talltique , my favorite boutique for modern , tall girl apparel handpicked from indie designers nationwide including Prairie Underground , SiHo , Otis & Maclain , Second Denim , and more . Though I had been familiar with Talltique for a while ( and a customer ) , I historically associated the brand with denim and knitwear . But the stock increasingly includes business casual pieces , accessories , dresses and skirts , and even a line of Talltique-exclusive organic cotton tees and leggings—always singular , high-quality , and unlike any tall-dedicated offerings you 'll find online .
And more than just a business owner , Talltique 's Helen Pappas is part curator and part stylist . Hearing that I needed some help in the casual department , Helen picked a variety of offerings for me to try , based on my sizes . The result was a Stitchfix-like experience—a selection of pieces that I might not have tried ( but unanimously loved ) , perfectly sized to my frame and aesthetically on-point . For those local to the Washington , D.C. area , Helen offers on-site styling consultations and appointments in her showroom . Take it from a stylist who had never been styled before ( and welcomed the assistance ) —she is marvelous at what she does .
A particular few pieces really changed my mind about what casual wear can be . One was the Long Gathered Zip Up by Prairie Underground ( $ 275 ) . Far less a hoodie , and a more three ( or four , depending on where you live ) -season jacket , this made in the U.S.A. , organic cotton goodie is gloriously lengthy through the body and arms , substantially weighty , with figure-enhancing ruching and puff-sleeves—it is perfectly suited to the tall frame , and magically flattering whether you 're slim or curvy . Though the Wheat colorway was perhaps a bit close to my skin-tone for depth-of-winter wear ( also comes in black ; a similar style is available in brown or black ) , it is exactly the kind of piece that I could and would throw on over a tee , my beloved Under Armour tights , and with a short skirt to take me directly from yoga to a casual snack or coffee run , or with jeans and ankle boots for a jaunt to visit family or friends . Paired with the perfectly stretchy , Nikibiki long-sleeved black tee ( $ 28 ) —an ultimate game-changer for seamless layering—I felt cozy , perfectly composed , and downright pampered in the casual department .
In fact—wearing Talltique pieces this good–I 'd really hope to run into someone I know .
Stay tuned this week for another review of Talltique knits and denim from yours truly coming this Wednesday , two reviews of Helen 's Talltique picks from our contributor Liz running tomorrow and Thursday , and an exclusive Q & A with Helen herself . Be sure to visit Talltique 's website for great holiday shopping for all the tall ladies in your life , and sign up for the Talltique newsletter to get the scoop on the latest sales , deals , and items about to pop up in the shop .
Myopathy refers to a muscular disease in which muscle fibers do not function , resulting in muscular weakness and wasting . Vitamin D deficiency is a well-recognized cause of myopathy , and excessive drinking is often associated with low or subnormal levels of vitamin D. A review of studies of the relationship between alcohol-related myopathy and vitamin D deficiency indicates that vitamin D deficiency might partly explain the occurrence of the frequently observed myopathy in chronic alcoholism .
Results will be published in a special online issue of Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research and are currently available at Early View .
`` Myopathy simply means 'muscle disease , ' '' said Jan W. Wijnia , a researcher at Slingedael Korsakoff Center as well as corresponding author for the study . `` Muscle weakness is by far the most frequent symptom of alcoholic myopathy , causing difficulties in rising from a chair or in climbing a staircase . In alcoholic myopathy , improvement of muscle weakness usually occurs six to nine months following alcohol abstinence . ''
`` It seems that 40 to 60 percent of alcoholics suffer from alcohol-related myopathy , '' said Frits A. J. Muskiet , a professor of pathophysiology and clinical chemical analysis at the University Medical Center Groningen . `` Many subjects with chronic alcoholism have low vitamin D , which prompted the authors to raise the question whether the well-known muscle weakness might be caused by vitamin D deficiency . The answer is that indeed the symptoms of myopathy in alcoholism and vitamin D deficiency are very similar , but since these symptoms are rather aspecific , this is no more than an association , which is obviously not the same as a proven cause-and-effect relation . There are similarities , but also differences . ''
Study authors reviewed articles on alcoholic myopathy and hypovitaminosis D myopathy ( n=93 ) that were listed on PubMed from January 1985 through to September 2011 . They analyzed and compared the pathophysiological findings in order to designate or `` chart '' possible pathways of vitamin D action in the development of alcohol-related myopathy .
`` Our review links possible interdependent deficiencies of vitamin D , phosphate , and magnesium with muscle weakness in chronic alcoholism , '' said Wijnia . `` Previous studies had suggested that changes in alcoholic muscle disease were not due to dietary deficiencies , but our review is one of the few to examine the effects of severe vitamin D deficiency in alcoholic myopathy . ''
Muskiet agreed . `` They have reviewed the literature to show to us that vitamin D deficiency might - at least in part - explain the occurrence of the frequently observed myopathy in chronic alcoholism , '' he said . `` The paper is important because of this connection , but the real proof of the pudding should now be provided by doing research trials . ''
`` The causes of vitamin D deficiencies in alcoholics may include liver dysfunction , lack of sun exposure , malabsorption , and inadequate dietary intake , '' added Wijnia .
`` It is well known that chronic alcoholism causes people to have abnormal diets that , in their turn , may cause many mineral and vitamin deficiencies , '' noted Muskiet . `` Alcohol has a high caloric value . The combination of poor appetite and possibly less money to spend on good-quality food contributes to eating a poor diet . Thus , the situation in chronic alcoholism is much more complicated than vitamin D deficiency , which in otherwise healthy people is usually due to insufficient exposure to sunlight . ''
`` We recommend future research focusing on possible beneficial effects of vitamin D supplementation and on optimal dosages , '' said Wijnia . `` It is possible that vitamin D supplementation may assist in prevention and treatment of alcohol-related chronic myopathy , thus , assessment of vitamin D status may help clinicians to early diagnose severe vitamin D deficiency and hence offer appropriate treatment . Further research is needed to determine if this can improve muscle function if alcohol consumption ceases , and what dosages of vitamin D may be optimal . ''
`` Diet is more than some assembly of nutrients , '' said Muskiet . `` It is the balance that counts . We need to first correct poor diets and widespread vitamin D deficiency in the general population . For this , medical doctors might have to become educated in nutrition and lifestyle in general . But this is of course not only their responsibility . There is good evidence that 90 percent of type 2 diabetes , 80 percent of coronary heart disease , and 70 percent of colon cancer and stroke can be prevented if people pay more attention to their weight , physical activity , excessive alcohol drinking , smoking , vegetables/fruits , etc . A small daily amount of alcohol keeps the doctor away . With no alcohol and especially with too much alcohol there is higher chance of many diseases , including all cause mortality , cardiovascular disease , stroke , cancer , etc . Again , it is a matter of balance . ''
WATCH FOX 7 NEWS LIVE
FOX 7 News streams at the following times ( all times Central ) :
Monday - Friday 4:30 a.m. - 10 a.m. 12 p.m. - 12:30 p.m. 5 p.m. - 6 p.m. 9 p.m. - 10:30 p.m. Saturday 6 a.m. - 8 a.m. 6 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. 9 p.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday 6 a.m. - 8 a.m. 5 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. 9 p.m. to 10 p.m .
Schedule subject to change in the event of network sports coverage .
We also stream press conferences and other breaking news coverage from time to time . When we are not in a live newscast , you will see replays of the most recent broadcast .
To enter full screen Mode click the button .
For closed captioning , click on the button while in full screen mode .
Desktop/tablet users : To choose the stream 's video quality , click on the button ( while in full screen mode ) and choose from 432p or 270p .
The video quality default is to your phone 's settings .
Please allow time for buffering . If the stream stalls , refresh your browser . Thanks for watching
THE public has backed police claims they used `` appropriate force '' to detain a suspected shoplifter after a video showed an officer tripping the man .
Footage was taken by a passing motorist of two officers arresting a man in North Road , Darlington , on Monday .
The video taken on a mobile phone shows the man , who appears to be unsteady on his feet , argue with officers .
A policeman pulls out a Taser and points it at the man before his colleague trips the suspect , who falls to the floor heavily and is then handcuffed .
After the video was posted on social media , several people criticised the level of force used by police to detain the man .
But Durham Constabulary defended the officers ' actions saying the footage had been seen by to the force 's professional standards department which concluded that the `` appropriate use of force was used to deal with this incident '' .
And social media users who have viewed the video have overwhelmingly agreed that the level of force used by the officers was not excessive .
One resident , David Glass , said on the Echo 's Facebook page : `` Nothing wrong with that . He would have been shot in America . Well done Durham Police . ''
Another comment from Adam Higginbotton read : `` Excellent work from two professional officers . Keep up the good work guys and girls . ''
Rob Carrol adds : `` It 's not a trip , it 's a leg sweep and it 's standard fare when looking to control someone .
`` The only error was the policeman should have held onto the suspect as they went down to maintain control of his descent so no serious injury was caused . ''
However , some people did raise concerns about the level of force used .
Shane Smith said : `` I was there watching this and he drops him hard - I heard his head bang off the floor . It was as if someone punched my car door , that 's how loud it was . ''
The incident occurred after officers responded to reports of a shoplifter attempting to steal alcohol in nearby Morrisons .
During the alleged incident at the supermarket police say members of staff and members of the public trying to stop the man from stealing were assaulted .
A 30-year-old man was subsequently charged with theft , five counts of assault , one count of criminal damage and one count of obstructing police .
Update : Congressional Hispanic Caucus want an investigation into Tucson 's ethnic studies ban
By Stephanie Siek , CNN
( CNN ) - Nearly two weeks since Tucson , Arizona 's , Mexican-American studies classes were suspended , some books have been removed from classes , teachers are uncertain about what curriculum to use and some students said they 'd like to give district and state school administrators some homework : Listen to the students affected by the decision .
`` I just want to talk to them , '' said Nicolas Dominguez , a senior at Tucson Magnet High School , where administrators removed several seminal Mexican-American studies texts last week . `` I want to talk to them about all of this , and I want to get to know them , because you have to get to know people before you can change them . I think it 's essential to become friends with the state superintendent and work together . ''
The Governing Board of the Tucson Unified School District voted January 10 to suspended its Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $ 15 million in annual aid . In a district where 60 % of the 53,000 students are Latino , some said they felt like Chicano or Mexican-American perspectives on history have become unacceptable .
This week , seven textbooks associated with the Mexican-American studies program were removed from classrooms , provoking claims of censorship . District leaders said they are n't banning the books , but have removed them from classrooms while their content is evaluated .
The district 's Governing Board President , Mark Stegeman , said that copies of some of the books were still available in school libraries . But a search of the Tucson district 's school library online catalog , only a handful of copies of each book were available in any of the 11 high school libraries searchable online .
`` I feel really disheartened , '' said Maria Therese Mejia , a senior at Tucson Magnet High School . `` Those are our history , you know ? It 's ridiculous for them to be taking away our education . They 're taking ( the books ) to storage where no one can use them . ''
Opponents of the book removals say district leaders cut off access to books that give an account of American history from the perspective of Latinos and indigenous people who lived in the Southwest long before Arizona was a state . The books were removed from classrooms on Friday , in at least one instance during class as students looked on .
The Tucson Unified School District issued a statement late Tuesday calling reports of book banning `` completely false and misleading . ''
Contrary to earlier reports which indicated that dozens of books listed as class materials had been taken away , the statement said only seven titles were affected :
`` Critical Race Theory , '' by Richard Delgado
`` 500 Years of Chicano History in Pictures , '' edited by Elizabeth Martinez
`` Message to AZTLAN , '' by Rodolfo Corky Gonzales
`` Chicano ! The History of the Mexican Civil Rights Movement , '' by Arturo Rosales
`` OccupiedAmerica : A History of Chicanos , '' by Rodolfo Acuna
`` Pedagogy of the Oppressed , '' by Paulo Freire
`` Rethinking Columbus : The Next 500 Years , '' edited by Bill Bigelow and Bob Peterson
`` Each book has been boxed and stored as part of the process of suspending the classes , '' the statement read . `` The books listed above were cited in the ruling that found the classes out of compliance with state law . ''
Arizona State Superintendent John Huppenthal ordered on January 6 that about 10 % of the district 's state funding , about $ 15 million over the course of a year , be withheld , retroactive to August 15 , 2011 , if it did not dismantle its Mexican-American studies courses .
That order followed a December administrative law ruling that the program was teaching `` in a biased , political and emotionally charged manner , '' and upheld a state finding that it violated a 2010 law that bans ethnic studies classes which `` promote the overthrow of the U.S. government , promote resentment toward a race or class of people , are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals . '' In Tucson , only Mexican-American studies classes were affected .
An education company 's independent audit of Tucson 's Mexican-American studies program done concluded in May that none of the courses were in violation of that law , that they benefited students and contributed to a climate of acceptance in the schools . The audit suggested a review of two books for curriculum and age-appropriateness : `` Message to AZTLAN , '' a book of speeches and other writings by Chicano civil rights activist Rodolfo `` Corky '' Gonzales , and `` 500 Years or Chicano History in Pictures . ''
`` I think in most cases these books never went through a proper review process in the beginning , and they are now being removed , not in a specific review process but in that the state has decided these courses not be taught , '' Stegeman said .
Stegeman said it 's possible some books could be reapproved for the classroom after a review . He said the review might take place before the summer break .
But in the meantime , the district 's decisions suspended classes called Latino literature , American history/Mexican-American perspectives , Chicano art and an American government/social justice education project course . With the curriculum dismissed and books removed , teachers say they have n't received clear guidance on how to proceed with teaching their classes for the rest of the school year . They 've been told that the district will issue a new curriculum that includes `` a balanced presentation of diverse viewpoints on controversial issues , '' but it has n't come yet . Teachers said their old curriculum already complied with those standards .
Curtis Acosta , a Tucson High teacher who has been with the district for 17 years , half of them as a teacher of Latino and Chicano literature , said he 's frustrated to be without a plan to move forward .
`` Now we 're told we can talk about race , but it has to be through a multicultural perspective . And if you looked at our ( old ) curriculum , it was from a multicultural perspective , '' said Acosta , who said he used the writing of Sherman Alexie , Martin Luther King Jr. , William Shakespeare , Ronald Takaki and Jonathan Kozol in his classes .
`` I 'm not confident one bit to move forward with any writer that has that social justice streak in them , '' Acosta said . `` I have already built something that 's multicultural , centered around empowerment of youth and liberates them to make decisions critically and find their own academic integrity . ''
Students said they 're learning a hard but practical lesson about politics .
`` For me , what I 've learned through all this is that students and youth have a lot of voices that we do n't get to express , '' Mejia said . `` We 're the ones who will be changed by this situation . We will be the ones who speak out and do marches , and we will be the ones making the future . And no matter what , we have the power to stand up for what we believe . ''
Students have already staged several marches and a class walkout since the state law was passed in 2010 , and another walkout is planned for January 24 ; students said they will attend a teach-in about Chicano history by University of Arizona professors .
A group of students and teachers , including Dominguez and Acosta , have filed a suit in federal district court to overturn the state law barring ethnic studies .
Outside organizations might get involved , too .
Barbara Jones , director of the American Library Association 's Office of Intellectual Freedom , said the removal of the books was a big topic of discussion at the association 's 2012 midwinter meeting , which began last Thursday in Dallas . Groups including REFORMA , the Latino librarians ' group , the American Indian Librarians ' Association and the Intellectual Freedom Committee planned to respond and a coalition of civil liberties groups were researching possible legal action and expecting to release a statement this week , Jones said .
Regardless of the words the district used , Jones said , it 's actions restricted access to books , which leads to censorship .
`` We 're gathering facts . Right now it looks like it 's just the curriculum that 's affected and not school libraries , '' Jones said . `` But we know from experience this will eventually affect books in the library . ''
Jones said there have been similar moves in Texas and other states to censor materials reflecting ethnic points of view . Such actions rob students of opportunities to form their own opinions , Jones said .
`` If ( school officials are ) listening to their communities , they should understand that to take ethnic diversity out of curriculum in the 21st century is damaging and hateful , '' Jones said . “ It stifles the conversations we desperately need to have in this country about inclusion , about preparing all people in this country to go in the workforce , to go to college , to be successful in life . And to ban discussion about these types of issues is very damaging to our country and our democracy . ''
Best Answer : Religion has given us quite a bit !
Here are a few things :
The demonization of other religions , e.g . Christianity demonizing Pagans ( `` They 're devil-worshippers ! `` ) , the Romans demonizing Christians ( `` They 're atheists and cannibals ! `` ) .
Vilification of homosexuality , resulting in discrimination , parents disowning their children , murder , and suicide .
People and animals sacrificed as an offering to gods .
Food destroyed because it does n't comply with specific religious beliefs .
Women treated like second class citizens , or even slaves , based on religious teachings .
Children growing up without music .
Children growing up to hate and fear science and scientists , because science disproves their parents ' religion - leading to appalling scientific illiteracy .
Tens of thousands tortured and killed as witches ( a practice which still continues today ) .
Millions of cats killed in the belief that witches use them as familiars , leaving rats free to spread the black death throughout Europe , killing millions of people in turn .
People bothered and sometimes woken up by door-to-door religion salespeople .
People dying because they believe their faith makes them immune to snake venom , or other lethal aspects of reality .
People dying - and letting their children die - because their religion forbids accepting medical help .
People choked , starved , poisoned , or beaten to death during exorcisms .
Female genital mutilation endorsed by religious texts , mutilation that results in infection , sterility and death .
Psychological and physiological conditions blamed on demons , preventing believers from seeking medical care .
People disowning family members for leaving their religion , in some cases symbolized by mock funerals .
Friendships and romances severed or never started over religious differences .
`` Abstinence-only '' sex education , resulting in five times the amount sexually transmitted diseases and teenage pregnancies - often leading to ill-fated `` emergency '' marriages .
Campaigns against safe sex , with similar results - responsible for much of the AIDS epidemic in Africa .
Religiously-prompted fear of polio vaccine , which halted the global eradication effort and brought polio back to many countries .
Women having septic abortions -- or being forced to have unwanted children they resent -- because religious organizations have gotten laws passed making abortion illegal or inaccessible .
Censorship ( often destructive ) of speech , art , books , music , films , poetry , songs and , if possible , thought .
The discouragement of rational , critical thought .
Believers whipping , impaling , poisoning or crucifying themselves during religious festivals as a demonstration of their faith and piety .
Children spending the period of their lives when the brain is most receptive to learning new information reading , rereading , and even memorizing religious texts .
People who believe the world is about to end neglect their education , are not financially responsible , and in extreme cases take part in mass suicides .
Environmental issues ignored because of beliefs that God will magically fix everything .
Wives told they will be tortured forever if they leave their abusive husbands .
People in times of trouble relying on advice from religious leaders without any sort of training in counseling or therapy .
Holy wars - followers of different faiths ( or even the same faith ) killing each other in the name of their ( benevolent , loving and merciful ) gods .
The destruction of great works of art considered to be pornographic/blasphemous , and the persecution of the artists .
Persecution/punishment of blasphemers ( Salman Rushdie still has a death sentence on him ) , and blasphemy laws in general .
Slavery condoned by religous texts .
Children traumatized by vivid stories of eternal burning and torture to ensure that they 'll be too frightened to even question religion .
Terminal patients in constant agony who would end their lives if they did n't believe it would result in eternal torture .
School boards having to spend time and money and resources on the fight to have evolution taught in the schools .
Persecution of Heretics/scientists , like Giordano Bruno ( burned at the stake ) and Galileo Galilei .
Blue laws forcing other businesses to stay closed so churches can generate more revenue .
Your need to pay more personal income taxes because religious organizations are exempt .
Mayors , senators , and presidents voted into office not because they 're right for the job , but because of their religious beliefs .
Abuse of power , authority and trust by religious leaders ( for financial gain or sexual abuse of followers and even children ) - but hey , atheists are the immoral ones .
People accepting visual and auditory hallucinations unquestioningly as divine , sometimes with fatal results .
Suicide bombers , who are certain they will be rewarded in heaven .
Discrimination against atheists , such as laws stating they may not hold public office or testify in court .
Missionaries destroying/converting smaller , `` heathen '' religions and cultures .
Hardship compounded by the guilt required to reconcile the idea of a fair god with reality ( `` why is God punishing me ? What have I done wrong ? Do n't I have enough faith ? `` ) .
Human achievements - from skillful surgery to to emergency landings - attributed to gods instead of to the people actually responsible .
Mother Teresa , prolonging the agony of terminal patients and denying them pain relief , so she can offer their suffering as a gift to her god .
Suppression of logical and critical thought .
Billions spent to build , maintain , and staff houses of worship .
Grief and horror caused by the belief that dead friends and family members are tortured as punishment for disbelief .
Opposition to scientific ( especially medical ) progress on religious grounds .
Whole societies divided by minor differences in belief or doctrine , often resulting in violence .
Natural disasters and other tragedies used to claim God is displeased and present demands to avoid similar events ( it 's like terrorism , but without having to plan or do anything ) .
The unchecked use of fear and maintenance of ignorance to keep the population `` faithful '' .
The attempted genocide of followers of a particular faith ( e.g . the Jewish Holocaust , `` ethnic cleansing '' in former Yugoslavia ) .
Vilification of this current life as base and sinful when in fact it is fragile and precious .
Removal of responsibility for the planet and for the future because of apocalyptic beliefs that some divine being will either destroy it all or fix it all .
( kudos to Dreamstuff for most of this list )
Source ( s ) :
RickK · 10 years ago
Benjamin Percy 's work on the newest volume of Green Arrow , along with artists Otto Schmidt , Juan Ferreyra and Stephen Byrne , has revitalized the character into one of the most exciting heroes in the DC Universe and made his eponymous title one of the standout comics from DC 's Rebirth initiative .
Next month , Oliver Queen journeys back to the island where he first became Green Arrow , and he 's bringing Black Canary with him . Ahead of the release of Green Arrow # 8 , DC Comics has provided a first look at the pages , as well as a variant cover by comics legend Neal Adams .
Fans of the television show Arrow know all too well how important the island is to Green Arrow 's mythology , as the show takes every opportunity to return and explore the dense forests and sandy beaches . However , it 's not an aspect of the character that 's been touched on as much since the beginning of The New 52 , and trapping Ollie and Dinah on its shores early in their relationship is sure to bring out the best and worst of one of DC 's most iconic couples .
Check out the preview below :
Neal Adams
Here 's the full solicitation information :
The city of San Diego has become the latest local government to put its communications staff to work posting positive “ news ” stories on a website that resembles an independent media outlet .
InsideSanDiego.org features headlines like “ Library trains employees to spot sex trafficking victims ” and “ Mission Hills removes last overhead utility pole . ”
Should tax dollars be paying for `` news '' stories and videos produced by the government ? Yes 30 % ( 56 ) No 70 % ( 133 ) 189 total votes .
The site promises to “ inform and engage San Diego residents and visitors through this digital storytelling platform . ”
Such sites are becoming more common , as media outlets slim down and government public-relations staffs bulk up — often with former journalists . The city 's new site is run by Jos Ysea , who formerly worked for two local TV stations .
Ysea said the idea came up when communications staffers were brainstorming ways to pitch stories to local media outlets .
“ We figured , ‘ hey , why not just do it ourselves ? ' ” he said .
The District Attorney 's Office has its own news center , which features upbeat videos about staff members and departments within the office .
The more established County News Center website , which received nearly 1.6 million page views last year , has a .com address as opposed to .gov and contains only subtle clues that it 's a San Diego County government public-relations operation .
Traditionally , governments communicated with the public through news releases and by responding to media requests for information . The posting of news-like stories and videos is an extension of that function — bypassing or even replacing the media in the digital age .
The trend has become a cause for concern among some journalism organizations and media ethics experts . One main reason is that government postings are not technically “ news ” by definition , according to Andrew Seaman , ethics chairman for the Society of Professional Journalists . He said content about the government , written by the government and funded with taxpayer money falls under a different name — propaganda .
“ What 's wrong with that ? ” Ysea asked . “ They can call it propaganda , and we can call it pointing out the good things that we do . ”
Seaman said ethical boundaries are crossed when a state-run news service poses as an objective source of information , or at least downplays the fact that its content is coming from government employees .
“ You 're just not going to see all sides of the story , ” Seaman said . “ They might not include reports that are contrary to their position . It might be slanted . ”
Previously Government PR surges amid media cuts
Inside San Diego 's “ About ” page says the site is an extension of the official city website , and its content is produced by the Communications Department . The homepage does not have this disclaimer .
Seaman said readers often ca n't tell the difference between an independent news site and a government-run publication , or they 're unaware that the government 's information may lack necessary different points of view .
While government-run news services in San Diego have drawn little if any criticism , similar concepts across the country have resulted in political backlash .
In January 2015 , word got out that Indiana Gov . Mike Pence planned to launch his own state-run news outlet . Planning documents obtained by Indianapolis Star journalists spoke of having press secretaries write “ stories ” and having the “ news service ” compete with other , independent media outlets .
The notion of the government distributing “ news ” stories outraged the public , as well as journalists around the country , who likened the endeavor to state-run media in Russia and China , with some outlets dubbing the Pence news service “ Pravda on the Plains . ”
Pence scrapped the project three days after the story leaked .
There used to be one PR specialist for every four reporters in America . The ratio has flipped as news organizations struggled to adjust to technological advancements and a decline in advertising revenue .
At the same time , new technology allowed companies and government agencies to bypass media altogether by bulking up their communications staff from one or two to a dozen or more .
In 2004 , there were about three PR workers for every one reporter , according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data . Since then , the number of reporters has decreased from 52,550 to 43,630 , a 17 percent loss , while PR grew by 22 percent during the same time frame .
PR specialists now outnumber reporters by nearly 5 to 1 , a ratio that is expected to grow . The bureau predicts that employment of reporters , correspondents and broadcast news analysts will decrease by 9 percent from 2014 to 2024 , while PR specialist employment will expand by 6 percent .
Ysea said four city employees are responsible for creating content for Inside San Diego , as well as two videographers , and other communication staff is brought in for collaboration .
The County News Center is larger than several organizations charged with keeping tabs on local news , including Voice of San Diego , The San Diego Daily Transcript , San Diego Reader and San Diego CityBeat .
Seaman said open communication between officials and journalists is an important step toward an enlightened public , and the city 's resources would be better spent on answering media requests and improving transparency .
“ That 's exactly what [ Inside San Diego ] is , ” Ysea said . “ We 're helping journalists access what we 're doing inside the city government . ”
At the same time , the city is making its functions accessible to the public , he said .
“ A lot of thought went into putting this together and how it will benefit the city , ” Ysea said . “ A lot of the positive stories do n't get done at all because the media is covering other things . What 's important to a maybe a hardcore journalist or the rest of a newsroom might not be what 's interesting to residents . We want to get these positive stories out there and make sure residents are getting every side . ”
U-T Watchdog sent emails to Ysea and a county spokesman asking for information about their communications department , including staff size , number of PR employees 10 years ago , how much money is spent on the PR staff 's salaries , and how many outside public relations companies are hired on a contractual basis .
Ysea said the questions require some digging and the information is not readily available , so they will be treated as a public-records request through the City Clerk 's Office . An automated response from the city said the request is being processed .
With Fanon , yesterday and today by Nelson Maldonado-Torres
Nelson Maldonado-Torres is president of the Caribbean Philosophical Association
In the context of the fiftieth anniversary of the death of Frantz Fanon , this short essay intends to delineate the relevance of the work of this author , within the context of continuous anti-colonial and anti-racist mobilizations in the Third World and the First . The essay offers a vision distinct from other recent expressions , such as those of Philippe Pierre-Charles and Oliver Besancenot , and tries to establish connections with current social movements , such as the Indigenous of the Republic in France .
Just over fifty years ago , the great Martinican and Algerian thinker and veteran , Frantz Fanon wrote , “ The explosion will not happen today . It is too soon … or too late ” ( 1973:7 ) . Fanon wrote these words after having participated with the French resistance in World War II , and before arriving in Algeria and joining the National Liberation Front . His participation in both wars shared something in common : his opposition to racism , imperialism , colonialism , and to the dehumanization of some peoples and subjects by others . Explosions could be found everywhere during these wars , yet even so , the persistence of the problems Fanon confronted thus indicates that the “ explosion ” that sought to bring them to an end has yet to arrive and it is uncertain if it will .
It is in these same existential and historical conditions , in a sense , in which we still find ourselves today , fifty years after his death . Although it is true that formal colonial relationships are no longer as prevalent or explicit as they once were , we must recognize the existence of a global matrix of power and a universe of symbolic representations firmly rooted in the long-history of modern/colonial relations , including among others , modern racism , slavery and genocide . Very much in line with Fanon , the Peruvian sociologist Aníbal Quijano has referred to this as the “ coloniality of power ” and Jamaican thinker Sylvia Wynter [ has termed it ] the new “ propter nos , ” or civilizational discourse of modernity .
In light of this , the objective today remains to struggle against the formal relations of colonization , while designing strategies of opposition and change with respect to the colonial , racist , and dehumanizing dimensions of nation-states and of a global matrix of power that can not be denoted simply as capitalist . In his classic work , The Wretched of the Earth , Fanon himself advises us to avoid approaches that reduce the problems of colonialism and racism to solely a matter of class : “ In the colonies the economic infrastructure is also a superstructure . The cause is effect : you are rich because you are white , you are white because you are rich . This is why Marxist analysis should always be slightly stretched every time we have to deal with the colonial problem ” ( 1977:34 ) . Fifty years after his death , there is still a great deal for us to understand and learn from all the dimensions of this Fanonian verdict , above all among circles of the Left .
The problems that Fanon observed and diagnosed in the colonies were never only relevant among them . The coloniality of power , being , knowledge , and gender ( see the works of L. Gordon , R. Grosfoguel , M. Lugones , W. Mignolo , A. Quijano , B. de Sousa Santos , C. Walsh , and S. Wynter among others ) was forged in the colony , on the slave ship , on the plantation , in the intimate spaces of home , in the state , and in the relationship between empire and colony , and between center and periphery . From there , it expanded in multiple ways such that today it is everywhere and affects us all . At the same time , it is not strange that coloniality takes a particularly vicious form with relation to racialized subjects and those who come from current and former colonies . That is why today , fifty years after Fanon 's death , his thought remains highly relevant , not only with respect to understanding the dynamics of “ global coloniality ” , but also with respect to existing forms of exclusion and efforts of re-humanization organized by descendants of slaves and colonial subjects , as well as of migrants from the Global South in the metropoles and cities of former empires , amongst other groups of subjects whose very humanity is in question .
If Fanon visited a Europe that had been visited recently by the excesses of coloniality , as manifested in its Hitlerian racist and imperialist hubris , today 's Europe is frequented , now more than ever , by the colonial subjects from the very regions where crucial elements of coloniality were engineered . And it is with respect to these colonial subjects that Europe continues to demonstrate its usual manner of concealing the problems it creates and that others must suffer , and of pathologizing the communities and movements that protest or seek change . Something similar also occurs in the United States with its attack against Spanish-speaking migrants and other communities of color , and it is not rare to find comparable attitudes amongst the elites of the Global South .
Today , even more than yesterday , Fanon is relevant not only in the colonies , but in the metropole as well . And it is there , in the metropole , where it is said there is no racism since there are only “ citizens , ” while “ citizen ” means only one specific type of human being , which does not recognize or accept fundamental elements of the humanity of communities and subjects that are perceived as outside the norm . It is there as well , where the denunciation of racism and affirmation of the full humanity of dehumanized subjects leads one to be dismissed as essentialist , that is , to be re-pathologized , or to say they have confused the problem because they use particular technical terms such as “ post-colonialism ” or others .
Even today , in the metropole as in other places , the Right joins the Left at the moment in which they deny or silence racism , and at the moment they deligitimize social groups who defy modern interpretive norms , be they liberal , conservative , or Marxist , that presume to dictate what constitutes social and political action . It is not strange then , that in light of such affronts , these subjects find support in Fanon , and above all in a Fanon who never privileged method over the people and who was very familiarized with the complex traumas of racism and coloniality .
To put Fanon 's thought into practice entails today not simply celebrating his words and actions , but also participating in the decolonization and de-racialization of the society and state in which one resides and of the world . It is this commitment to the “ damned ” in the present , more than with some future possible or impossible explosion and much less with the pathologization and re-pathologization of groups who value their cultural identity , that best reflects Fanonian action today . The “ damned ” also have their own goals , and Fanon 's thought is as useful for self-critique as it is for the formulation of methodologies and strategies to build links across distinct communities of the dammed . From the Caribbean to France , from France to Algeria , from Algeria to the rest of Africa and to the United States , from the United States to Latin America , and from Latin America to Asia , such , and many more , can be the diverse connections and trajectories of decolonial action . Here still Fanon has much to tell us .
Fanon wrote “ I belong irreducibly to my time. ” With all the significant differences between the world in which Fanon lived and ours , perhaps it is us who must admit that we continue belonging as much to the time as to the living thought of Fanon . Decolonization is an unfinished project .
Bibliography :
Frantz Fanon ( 1973 ) Black Skin , White Masks
Frantz Fanon ( 1977 ) The Wretched of the Earth
Translation from Spanish to English by Mikey Velarde .
To start out , I had my shipping address listed as my mom 's address , because I am about an hour away for college . I went home this weekend to retrieve my received gift . I was extremely excited after hearing my mom describe the heavy box and after having a failed Secret Santa exchange . I ca n't even begin to describe my jubilee upon opening my gift . To start out , my mom was correct in describing the box as heavy . I ripped into it , and retrieved not just one , but FOUR PACKAGES ! Oh ! AND MOTHER FUGGIN GIRL SCOUT COOKIES ! Thin mints ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The first three books were wrapped with little notes attached to each : `` it might not be your birthday any time soon but what fun are gifts that are n't wrapped = ) '' `` =D '' and `` it is n't Christmas either but shhhhh . '' What my book exchange secret santa did n't know is how much I love , love , love wrapped gifts . I always wrap all my gifts because it 's the best to open wrapped gifts . It was perfect .
The unwrapped book was : Quick Cook Budget Meals Being a very poor college kid who loves to cook healthy meals , this is the best cookbook ever for me , and my first cookbook . But datgoat1021 did not stop there ! She went through and highlighted a lot of her favorite recipes , which I can assure you , will be the first ones I try . The wrapped books : `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' Stephen King I have never read a Stephen King novel , so I dedicated my time today to this book and read the entire thing . Excellent . `` Sleep Walker '' Wendy Corsi Staub `` This is Not a Game '' Walter Jon Williams
datgoat1021 , I can not thank you enough for this wonderful gift . Not just going above and beyond with books but also adding your own personal notes . It made a huge impact . I have n't bought a book since July . Why you ask ? My dad used to buy or lend me books . Good grade on a test ? Let 's go to Barnes and Nobles and I 'll buy you something . Valentine 's Day ? Have a book ! He taught me how to read and taught me how to love reading anything . He died unexpectedly in July , and I could n't bring myself to buying a book without him . This gift was very special to me , because book sharing used to happen with a very special person in my life , and now you are also a very special person to me .
datgoat1021 , we should be friends : )
Happy Saturday , everyone !
Police officers in the Bronx burst in on a man who was beating his mother with a frying pan Sunday night and fatally shot him , the police said .
The woman , Kuan Balbir , was in critical condition with a fractured skull among other injuries and was likely to die , the police said .
A relative told investigators that the man , Satnam Singh , had a history of emotional problems . Mr. Singh was arrested in 2007 in Queens and was later convicted on charges of assault and resisting arrest , according to the police .
The authorities received a call on Sunday from another of Ms. Balbir 's sons , saying that he had not heard from his mother . When the officers went to Ms. Balbir 's apartment at 3055 Third Avenue around 11 p.m. , they heard noises inside . The officers tried to enter and could not .
The super unlocked the door , which was chained shut , the police said .
Through the opening , the officers saw Mr. Singh standing over a woman , who was covered in blood and sitting on a couch , the police said . The woman was being struck repeatedly with a 17-inch frying pan .
“ Oh , my God , he killed his mother , ” the super said , according to the police .
The officers broke the door down , and three of them entered the apartment and told Mr. Singh repeatedly to drop the pan .
“ We have multiple witnesses , including the super , who stayed in the hallway , who said that they heard the police tell the man to stop , ” said Paul J. Browne , the Police Department 's chief spokesman .
Mr. Singh did not drop the pan , and he raised it as if to strike the woman again , the police said .
They said that one of the officers , who was standing next to the other two about 15 feet from Mr. Singh , fired two shots at Mr. Singh .
Mr. Singh staggered away from Ms. Balbir but then moved back toward her and raised the pan again to strike her , the police said .
One of the officers , a sergeant , fired at Mr. Singh once , and officer who had fired the first two shots fired two more .
Mr. Singh collapsed to the floor and was later pronounced dead at the scene by medical personnel . Investigators found three bullets in Mr. Singh 's torso and fragments of bullets in his right arm .
Ms. Balbir was taken to Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center in critical condition . Her skull was fractured , she had bleeding in her brain , and a bone was sticking out from her left forearm , the police said .
The police did not release the names of the officers involved . However , Mr. Browne said that the officers all tested negative for alcohol and had no previous shooting episodes .
New Delhi : As the government gears up to push generic medicines to bring down costs for patients , World Health Organisation ( WHO ) representative in India Henk Bekedam has stated that the move , if successfully implemented , will not only reduce the cost of medicines within the country but also globally .
The 59-year old global health leader -- who previously served in a similar capacity in Egypt -- said that there were several `` pre-qualified '' generic medicine companies in India producing quality medicines .
`` Make in India is important as India will be able to produce a greater quantity of good quality generic medicines , which will bring down the cost of medicines globally and more people in India and globally will be able to afford quality medicines , '' Bekedam , who assumed his present job in November 2015 , told IANS in an interview .
Asked whether the foreign pharmaceutical companies , which are major suppliers of branded medicines , will be affected if India steps into the picture , Bekedam said that India is already the world 's pharmacy , exporting quality generic medicines and vaccines .
`` And by bringing down the cost of normal medicines globally they will be accessible to every one , '' he maintained .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said on 17 April the government will bring legislation mandating doctors to prescribe generic medicines which are cheaper than their equivalent branded drugs .
Generic medicines are the cheaper versions of branded drugs and come into the market after the patent period of the branded medicines expires . Manufacturers then replicate the medicines and come up with the cheaper versions . Since generic drugs do not involve a repeat of the extensive clinical trials to prove their safety and efficacy , it costs less to develop them .
According to Bekedam , out-of-pocket expenditure on medicines and other treatments by patients was a burning issue that had affected India 's health system .
Stating that generic medicines can help in increasing their accessibility , Bekedam said that currently in India , two-thirds of people 's medical expenditure comes from their own pockets , which leads to hesitation among them to go for surgery and other treatment .
In such a situation , generic medicines can provide relief to the patients .
`` If we compare India with other countries , the government 's contribution to health is just over one percent of the GDP which is low by international standards . It results in people spending out of their pockets . Two-third of all health expenditure comes from people 's own pockets . It also leads to hesitation among people to seek surgeries and other treatments , '' said Bekedam .
He also urged a hike in India 's health budget at a time other countries such as China , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh allocate at least three percent of their GDP dedicated to the sector .
The Union budget allocated Rs 47,352.51 crore for health in fiscal 2017-18 , against Rs 37,061.55 crore in 2016-17 .
`` India is a fascinating country and has similarity with other Asian countries and in terms of economic growth . When there is economic growth then there is more room for investment in health . I can see the potential in India that it can now put more money in terms of health and economic growth , '' said Bekedam .
Noting that 60 million Indians are in poverty due to paying health bills , he said : `` India should invest more in health . ''
Having closely monitored India 's health sector for almost two years , Bekedam said such investment will help the country become less vulnerable in terms of health calamities . Investing in a surveillance system that can detect and respond to diseases is crucial .
Citing the example of three West African countries affected by Ebola , he said : `` These countries lost 12 percent of their GDP . Such countries are not able to detect the disease because of which they have to suffer the loss . ''
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
2015 studio album by The Game
The Documentary 2 is the sixth studio album by American rapper The Game . It was released on October 9 , 2015 , by Blood Money Entertainment and eOne Music . The album serves as a sequel to his debut album . The project is first half of a two-piece project with other half The Documentary 2.5 , which was released the following week . [ 1 ] The album features guest appearances from Dr. Dre , Ice Cube , Snoop Dogg , Kendrick Lamar , Ab-Soul , Kanye West and Future , among others .
Preceded the album release , the album was supported by lead single : `` 100 '' featuring Drake .
Background [ edit ]
In 2015 , in an interview with Power 106 , The Game announced that the album was about 90 % complete and once Dr. Dre gets back from his vacation , me and Dre will be finishing recording the album . [ 2 ] The Game also said that his children were his motivation to finish the album , speaking about being confident on his growth as a rapper : `` I listened to my first album and everybody thinks it 's so amazing , but I think I 'm better than that . I listened to it and heard all of the flaws of the young me , and I 'm like , 'Man I would have never done this song like that today . ' '' [ 3 ] According to The Game , Dr. Dre was excited about the album that he called The Documentary 2 would be the best rap album in five years . [ 4 ] On July 21 , 2015 , The Game revealed that Diddy said The Documentary 2 is `` his best album yet '' . [ 5 ]
Recording and production [ edit ]
On April 12 , 2015 , The Game released a video , titled `` The Making of The Documentary 2 '' , and it shows him in the studio with Meek Mill , working on a song , called `` Soundtrack '' . The video also features cameo appearances from Cool & Dre and Travis Scott . [ 6 ] During the 2015 's BET Awards on North Carolina 's Power 98 , The Game said that he has been working with these record producers such as Timbaland , Swizz Beatz , Pharrell Williams , DJ Premier , The Alchemist , Jahlil Beats , Just Blaze , Scott Storch , [ 7 ] and Mike Will Made It . [ 8 ] While The Game was spending the entire week in the studio with Kanye West , The Game stated that `` You get a good solid week out of 'Ye if you have history . `` [ 2 ] On July 6 , 2015 , The Game shared some footage of himself in the studio with DJ Mustard , Eric Bellinger , YG , Ty Dolla Sign , Bongo 'the Drum Gahd ' , Busta Rhymes and Keyshia Cole . The video features one of the snippets was a song with Game and Kendrick Lamar that was surfaced later . Joe Moses , Jay 305 and Skeme appeared in the video . [ 9 ] Many sites posted possible track lists for the album , however , none of them were official . [ 10 ] On July 21 , 2015 , The Game posted a picture of himself on the toilet , while recording a song for the album on his Instagram . [ 11 ] Few days later , The Game posted another picture of himself working on another song with American R & B singer Tyrese , which he said that this collaboration would be on the album . The Game confirmed that Nas , Lil Wayne , E-40 , Scarface , Busta Rhymes and YG would be featured on the second disc for the album , called The Documentary 2.5 . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
Release and promotion [ edit ]
On August 28 , 2014 , The Game stated that the album would be released on January 18 , 2015 , and will serve as the 10th anniversary of the first installment . [ 14 ] On October 14 , 2014 , The Game released a compilation album , Blood Moon : Year of the Wolf . On January 30 , 2015 , a picture of Dr. Dre , The Game , and Ice Cube was posted on Instagram . The inclusion suggested that Dre and Cube were reuniting on the album . [ 15 ] On March 12 , 2015 , The Game announced that the album would be released on June 30 , which is his oldest son 's birthday . In an interview with Miss Info , Game said spoke about the release of the album . `` I feel like I could 've released it after The Documentary , but ten years seems perfectly fine . It 's my sixth studio album , my sixth solo album , and I think that the 10th anniversary is huge . So , why not put it out ten years later ? `` [ 3 ]
On June 28 , 2015 , The Game announced that the album would be released on August 7 , 2015 . [ 16 ] Target started promoting the album in stores . The cover shown a new release date of August 28 . [ 17 ] On July 16 , 2015 , The Game posted a picture of Tupac with the caption , `` Almost time to wrap this album . # TheDocumentary2 '' . [ 18 ] On August 30 , 2015 , he released the cover art for the upcoming album and announced a release date of September 25 , 2015 . On September 9 , 2015 , it was revealed that the release date was pushed back to October 9 , 2015 . [ 19 ] On September 18 , 2015 , the album made available for pre-order , detailing the track listing . [ 20 ] On September 22 , The Game announced that The Documentary 2 would be a double disc album with a total of 38 tracks , detailing to have disc one releasing on October 9 , 2015 and then disc two releasing on October 16 , 2015 . A documentary about the album , showing how the album was made with studio sessions and video shoots , was released after disc one was released ; it is titled The Documentary 2 : The Making of the Album .
Critical reception [ edit ]
The Documentary 2 received strong reviews from contemporary music critics . Billboard gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars . At Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , the album received an average score of 75 , which indicates `` generally favorable reviews '' , based on 13 reviews . [ 32 ]
Commercial performance [ edit ]
The Documentary 2 debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 behind Selena Gomez 's Revival , with 95,000 album-equivalent units , which included 85,000 pure album sales . [ 33 ] It serves as The Game 's seventh top-ten album in the United States . [ 33 ] The album dropped to the number 11 in its second week , earning an additional 28,000 album-equivalent units . [ 34 ] [ 35 ] As of November 2015 , The Documentary 2 had accumulated 140,000 album-equivalent units in the United States , with 116,000 being pure sales . [ 36 ]
Track listing [ edit ]
Notes
`` On Me '' features additional vocals from Dr. Dre
Sample credits
Personnel [ edit ]
Adam Turchin – saxophone
Koofreh Umoren – trumpet
Charts [ edit ]
Collector 's Edition [ edit ]
2016 box set by The Game
The three-disc collector 's edition of The Documentary 2 was released on January 22 , 2016 . [ 66 ] The bonus disc features guest appearances from Trey Songz and Meek Mill . On the chart dated February 13 , 2016 , Disc 3 debuted on the Billboard 200 chart at number 134 . [ 67 ]
Track listing [ edit ]
Weekly charts [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
I have written about pro-Israel advocate Hananya Naftali before – he 's a YouTuber and creator of many videos which have gone viral . He has reached even greater prominence recently – he seems to now be in the employ of The Israel Project , churning out videos for them , and even interviewed Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu !
Yet despite this good work , I have a real issue with him . He has not been truthful with us , and when someone resorts to lying , I do n't trust them . Call me old school .
To what I am referring ?
Last year , I uncovered that he is a Messianic Jew , and that he was subtly missionizing while in the IDF . He actually responded to my post , characterizing me as a hater and saying unequivocally that he is NOT a messianic Jew . See for yourself :
Following his video , I uncovered more evidence that he is a indeed messianic .
Blogger Varda Epstein at the EoZ blog just wrote her own post about him , in which she tells of asking a former evangelical missionary about him :
Yup . Shannon was definitely the one to ask . And so I asked her , “ Shannon , have you heard of Hananya Naftali ? I 'm fairly certain he 's an undercover Christian missionary. ” Shannon corrected me : “ He 's not undercover . He flat out admits as much , ” she said .
After this post was drawn to my attention , I decided to do some more digging , this time on Twitter . What I found was enlightening .
For a start , it confirms Hananya DOES very much identify as a messianic Jew , despite his protestations .
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/698836995422994432
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/672779680546689024
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/622461709928693761
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/622461560888299520
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/499099141255884800
In other words , Hananya flat-out lied .
Remember , messianic Jews believe the Jewish people need to accept Jesus – or Jesus will not return .
But in case it was not already clear , it is ALL about his belief in Jesus . I assume that includes his Israel advocacy work – after all , he clearly states his mission .
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/506652948265697280
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/632401665119887360
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/277820128987582464
And this means “ making ” disciples .
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/422231896089976832
Which he seems to have attempted while serving in the IDF .
https : //twitter.com/HananyaNaftali/status/424562467344486400
This is my Arab friend . Elias chose to become a soldier in IDF . He loves Israel and most important , loves Jesus ! pic.twitter.com/IhPAiuqTm4 — Hananya Naftali ( @ HananyaNaftali ) October 24 , 2015
Update : He has deleted the tweets ( ask yourself why if this is all innocent ) . Here are screenshots .
Clearly , it bothers him when Jews do not accept Jesus . It does not seem to me he is content to live and let be , but rather wants to influence us to believe in him .
What would you tell an atheist that denies Jesus ' existence ? — Hananya Naftali ( @ HananyaNaftali ) September 10 , 2015
Now let me be clear . I love my Christian brothers and sisters and welcome their support . This is not about objecting to their beliefs . What I DO object to is missionizing Jews ( which I believe most are not doing ) .
Hananya 's posts and nonchalant lying indicate to me that is exactly what he is trying to do . And given his growing audience – including many who almost idolize him – I feel the need to speak out loudly and strongly .
Scribbles from NSFWCORP Staff
It was Aldous Huxley who said that `` technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards . '' And the Snowden affair reminds us of that , as the ravenous and secret data crunching machinery of our `` free '' liberal democracies is laid bare .
Snowden was a brave man to take on the military industrial complex over at least two continents , but it took a particular kind of journalist to chop and dice his stolen PowerPoint files into the global story of the year . Step forward Glenn Greenwald : a pugnacious campaigner who has managed to find a living humiliating the world 's security services .
And what was the response of the UK to the revelation that GCHQ are hoovering up our emails and Skype calls ? We arrested Greenwald 's boyfriend .
Are you serious ?
We still do n't know the full circumstances surrounding David Miranda 's detention at Heathrow airport but I think we probably know enough to conclude that : a ) he is not a terrorist and b ) it is not a coincidence that he is Glenn Greenwald 's partner .
I think that we can also usefully assume that the spooks did not find enough to detain David Miranda under any UK law and that Greenwald and The Guardian are not dumb enough to forget to make copies of the files that prove illegal state surveillance .
The spooks are not going to get the NSA files back ; that genie is well and truly out of the bottle . So why do it ? The conclusion must be , as Greenwald speculates , that we were just roughing up his boyfriend in order to psyche him out . I am no Carrie Mathieson but I think the wrong case officer is in charge of this investigation if they think this will shut Greenwald up . He thrives on this stuff . The UK intelligence services have created a global audience for the spectacle of him beating them with a big stick of indignant rebuke .
And they have horrified people across Westminster who know the `` inside '' . As a former defence minister I have authorised special forces to conduct hostage rescues , covert military entry to foil terrorist plots , as well as approved nuclear submarines to travel to places you do not want to know . So I think I can assess an ill-conceived plan when I see one . And this was a howler .
Let us assume that the defence put forward by the government will be that the spooks had reason to believe that David Miranda was acting as a courier of physical data files between Greenwald and Poitras ( if you were Greenwald would you ever trust email again , after all ? ) Even if this were the case , why would you lift the data stick mule ? The cat is out of the bag . We know what the NSA and GCHQ are up to and we are not going to forget . The forces of scrutiny are unleashed . It might take a little longer but whatever Greenwald and Poitras wanted to share with each other is going to get out eventually . The only possible outcome of David Miranda 's detention was negative publicity for the government .
The President has been embarrassed by his intelligence services over the Snowden affair . And now the UK 's PM will have to account for the behavior of our own anti-terrorist forces . Our Prevention of Terrorism Act allows detention for any suspicion of terrorist activity . The broad interpretation of `` suspicion '' in this case will inevitably lead to a discussion about whether safeguards should supplement the clause in the PTA that allows this kind of detention .
So well done officer 203654 – you have united journalists from far left to far right . Questions will be asked in Parliament . You 've embarrassed the PM . And Glenn Greenwald leads the global news again .
They 'll be laughing in Moscow and Beijing .
...
Update : An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to Greenwald as an `` ex-wikileaker . ''
AskJoshy Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 1611 Posts Last Edited : 2010-08-30 19:41:53 # 1
Day 1 - Friday , August 27th .
I woke up around 7 a.m. and immediately started getting ready to go . I was very excited to be going to my first LAN event , and extra excited to be meeting all of my favorite North American StarCraft 2 players in the flesh . I 've been hanging out in various vents and stream chats for months , not to mention actually casting well over 150 games featuring a lot of these players since the beta began back in February . After getting all hygiene 'd up , I double-checked my packing list to make sure I was n't forgetting any all-important chargers ( phone , laptop , camera ) , batteries , documents , or clothes .
I managed to cram all of my electronic gear into my Swiss Army backpack , and I just put my clothes into a plastic bag and tossed everything into my car . I skipped breakfast , which was a terrible decision in hindsight , but I lived . I made a stop right away at my local convenience store and bought a couple of Mountain Dew Voltages for the road , and a 5-hour energy because I knew I 'd be needing it at some point during the weekend . In the parking lot I tried to duct tape my video camera to my dashboard , but as you 'll see in a video later on , that did n't really work out too well .
Hello everyone , it 's close to midnight on Sunday and I 'm still recovering from the awesomeness that was MLG Raleigh 2010 . Unfortunately , my live vlogging aspirations were sort of cut down in their prime , but rest assured , I will be uploading virtually everything that I shot in Raleigh over the next day or two . I 'm uploading it all in hi-def , and that takes some time ! So , while all the videos render/export/upload , I 'll use this time to write about my experience on Day 1.Day 1 - Friday , August 27th.I woke up around 7 a.m. and immediately started getting ready to go . I was very excited to be going to my first LAN event , and extra excited to be meeting all of my favorite North American StarCraft 2 players in the flesh . I 've been hanging out in various vents and stream chats for months , not to mention actually casting well over 150 games featuring a lot of these players since the beta began back in February . After getting all hygiene 'd up , I double-checked my packing list to make sure I was n't forgetting any all-important chargers ( phone , laptop , camera ) , batteries , documents , or clothes.I managed to cram all of my electronic gear into my Swiss Army backpack , and I just put my clothes into a plastic bag and tossed everything into my car . I skipped breakfast , which was a terrible decision in hindsight , but I lived . I made a stop right away at my local convenience store and bought a couple of Mountain Dew Voltages for the road , and a 5-hour energy because I knew I 'd be needing it at some point during the weekend . In the parking lot I tried to duct tape my video camera to my dashboard , but as you 'll see in a video later on , that did n't really work out too well .
I finally hit the open road , fully prepared for the 4.5-hour trip from my hometown in South Carolina up to North Carolina 's capital city . The drive up was n't too bad , but it was a bit foggy in some areas . Thanks to Google maps , I had no problem finding the City Center where the event was being held . I got in right around noon , and still had n't eaten anything . I had consumed two 20-oz . Voltages though , so I was wired with caffeine and ready to meet some StarCraft 2 enthusiasts !
Luckily , the area I parked in was only about 20 yards from the lobby of the event . The City Center 's ground floor resembled a hotel lobby , but the huge gaming area you 've seen by now was actually downstairs and is absolutely massive . The entirety of the MLG event only used about three quarters of the available space , and the rest was cut off by giant mobile curtains . Anyway , I had n't even reached the registration desk to find out about my press pass when I heard a voice yell out from behind me `` Hey , Josh ! '' It 's a good thing I posted that pre-trip vlog , or Masq and SUGGY probably would n't have run into me for another couple of hours .
Masq and SUGGY drove down from Canada the day before , and were well rested for Day 1 . They stayed with Paiilicious , a TL.net reader and competitor in the 64-man SC2 event , at his dorm at North Carolina State University , only a few miles from the venue . We made some small talk about our travels , and I asked whether they had seen any of the other players yet . They had just finished eating breakfast with most of the Root Gaming guys , and SUGGY said that they were all really excited to start playing . As the three of us were standing smack-dab in the middle of the lobby , we were easily able to pick out a few different SC2 players and our circle gradually got bigger . HuK entered the scene about 10 minutes later and eventually we ended up with all of the Root Gaming guys , Day [ 9 ] , and all of the Fnatic guys ( Gretorp , Xeris , and TT1 ) . We hung out in the middle of the lobby for a while because the doors to the event were actually not opening until 1:30 , even though the schedule made it seem like players could start practicing as soon at 10 a.m . The guys were a bit miffed at that , but while we were standing around I got some nice candid video of the group .
I finally hit the open road , fully prepared for the 4.5-hour trip from my hometown in South Carolina up to North Carolina 's capital city . The drive up was n't too bad , but it was a bit foggy in some areas . Thanks to Google maps , I had no problem finding the City Center where the event was being held . I got in right around noon , and still had n't eaten anything . I had consumed two 20-oz . Voltages though , so I was wired with caffeine and ready to meet some StarCraft 2 enthusiasts ! Luckily , the area I parked in was only about 20 yards from the lobby of the event . The City Center 's ground floor resembled a hotel lobby , but the huge gaming area you 've seen by now was actually downstairs and is absolutely massive . The entirety of the MLG event only used about three quarters of the available space , and the rest was cut off by giant mobile curtains . Anyway , I had n't even reached the registration desk to find out about my press pass when I heard a voice yell out from behind me `` Hey , Josh ! '' It 's a good thing I posted that pre-trip vlog , or Masq and SUGGY probably would n't have run into me for another couple of hours.Masq and SUGGY drove down from Canada the day before , and were well rested for Day 1 . They stayed with Paiilicious , a TL.net reader and competitor in the 64-man SC2 event , at his dorm at North Carolina State University , only a few miles from the venue . We made some small talk about our travels , and I asked whether they had seen any of the other players yet . They had just finished eating breakfast with most of the Root Gaming guys , and SUGGY said that they were all really excited to start playing . As the three of us were standing smack-dab in the middle of the lobby , we were easily able to pick out a few different SC2 players and our circle gradually got bigger . HuK entered the scene about 10 minutes later and eventually we ended up with all of the Root Gaming guys , Day [ 9 ] , and all of the Fnatic guys ( Gretorp , Xeris , and TT1 ) . We hung out in the middle of the lobby for a while because the doors to the event were actually not opening until 1:30 , even though the schedule made it seem like players could start practicing as soon at 10 a.m . The guys were a bit miffed at that , but while we were standing around I got some nice candid video of the group .
Somewhere around 1 p.m. , JB aka Agh showed up and we introduced ourselves . Agh and Masq were staying with me at the Sheraton , which was basically right next door to the City Center . Initially , I 'll admit I did n't know anything about Agh and my first impression was that he did n't know what he was getting into with this tournament . He told Masq and me that his computer could hardly even run SC2 , and he had n't really played much since release . Either way , I wished him luck , and we all headed to the roped-off section of the lobby waiting for 1:30 p.m. to roll around so that we could check out the actual venue .
Around 1:20 , the place was getting majorly packed . It was around then that I spotted the Evil Geniuses players sneaking their way up towards the front . Geoff is pretty easy to spot in a giant crowd of skinny nerds and teenage Halo players . Finally the security staff allowed us to all stampede our way into the gaming venue itself , and it was pretty damn cool to take in . It kind of felt like a county fair , but everything was video game related . Everyone was dashing in different directions , and I had noooo idea where the StarCraft 2 section was even located , as you can see here .
Somewhere around 1 p.m. , JB aka Agh showed up and we introduced ourselves . Agh and Masq were staying with me at the Sheraton , which was basically right next door to the City Center . Initially , I 'll admit I did n't know anything about Agh and my first impression was that he did n't know what he was getting into with this tournament . He told Masq and me that his computer could hardly even run SC2 , and he had n't really played much since release . Either way , I wished him luck , and we all headed to the roped-off section of the lobby waiting for 1:30 p.m. to roll around so that we could check out the actual venue.Around 1:20 , the place was getting majorly packed . It was around then that I spotted the Evil Geniuses players sneaking their way up towards the front . Geoff is pretty easy to spot in a giant crowd of skinny nerds and teenage Halo players . Finally the security staff allowed us to all stampede our way into the gaming venue itself , and it was pretty damn cool to take in . It kind of felt like a county fair , but everything was video game related . Everyone was dashing in different directions , and I had noooo idea where the StarCraft 2 section was even located , as you can see here .
Here are a few more videos from the first hour inside the venue , while people were setting up their gear and getting situated . These videos took place about three hours before anyone knew who they were playing against .
Here are a few more videos from the first hour inside the venue , while people were setting up their gear and getting situated . These videos took place about three hours before anyone knew who they were playing against .
I 'll do Day 1 Part 2 when my next round of videos finishes uploading ! Hope you enjoy this . =P
I 'll do Day 1 Part 2 when my next round of videos finishes uploading ! Hope you enjoy this . =P Heroes , Hearthstone , and SC2 videos : http : //www.youtube.com/AskJoshy
Three deaths from West Nile Virus contracted in 2017 in California have been confirmed , state health officials said.The three people who died from the mosquito-borne virus were from Los Angeles , San Bernardino and Kern counties.The Los Angeles County victim was described as a resident of the San Fernando Valley who was hospitalized in early August and then died from West Nile-associated neuro-invasive disease , county officials said . `` West Nile virus is a serious disease that can lead to hospitalization , death and long-term disability , especially in older adults and people with weak immune systems , '' said Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser , MD , the county 's interim health officer . `` Everyone should take precautions against mosquitoes by using insect repellent containing an effective ingredient such as DEET , and eliminating any standing water around their home where mosquitoes can breed . `` LA County has seen 46 cases this year . In 2016 , Los Angeles County saw 153 cases , including six deaths.The peak of illnesses caused by West Nile is typically in September , with some cases still seen as late as November , county officials said.The San Bernardino County case was described as an elderly man with serious health problems who lived in the western part of the county.San Bernardino County has seen eight cases this year , and in 2016 saw eight cases , including two deaths.California has seen 87 cases from 13 counties this year .
How much do you know about
Wrath of Khan
?
Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
Wrath of Khan
Nicholas Meyer and Ricardo Montalbán on set
JFK Assassination
Star Trek : the Motion Picture
Gene Roddenberry talking with producer Harve Bennett
Captain Kirk saying goodbye to Spock
Psycho
1982 Wall Street Journal article on fan reaction to Spock 's death 6 . Fans angry about the death of Spock sent death threats to members of the production right up until the premiere . Robert Sallin got messages on his answering machine like “ You kill Spock and we 'll kill you !
Dr. McCoy ( DeForest Kelley ) and Scotty ( James Doohan ) hold Kirk from entering radiation chamber
Star Trek II
Star Wars VI
One-sheet teaser for Revenge of the Jedi
Harve Bennett with the cast of Star Trek II
Khan discusses politics with Kirk in `` Space Seed '' ( 1967 )
Kirstie Alley asleep in make-up chair
Update
Spock 's funeral with an emotional Lt. Saavik
Lt. Saavik angry
Director Nicholas Meyer and William Shatner discussing scene
Patent D275777 ( 1982 )
Moby Dick
Paradise Lost
King Lear
Transporting the `` Genesis Device ''
Khan and Marla McGivers ( Madlyn Rhue )
Fantasy Island
Fantasy Island
Moby Dick
Hundreds are voting in our `` Geek Madness `` tournament . Are you ? Click here to play now !
A driver waits to pick up passengers at an Uber and Lyft pick up area at the Bellagio hotel and casino in Las Vegas . ( Photo11 : John Locher , AP )
General Motors and Lyft are declining to comment on a report from The Information , a Silicon Valley website , that is reporting that Lyft rebuffed an offer from GM to buy all of the ride-sharing company , of which it owns 9 % .
The site attributes the report to a `` person briefed on the situation , '' but did not cite an offering price or any other terms .
Last year Lyft , founded in 2012 by John Zimmer and Logan Green , hired Qatalyst Partners , a Silicon Valley investment banking firm , to find a prospective buyer . But The Information reports that the ride-sharing company has decided to seek another round of funding from venture capital firms and other investors .
The privately held company was valued at about $ 5.5 billion when GM bought its stake . GM President Dan Ammann joined Lyft 's board of directors as a condition of the investment .
Lyft is a distant second to Uber in terms of its share of the growing U.S. ride-sharing market , and Uber is dwarfed globally by Didi Chuxing .
Venture capital firms and corporate investors have put about $ 28 billion into various ride-sharing businesses in recent years . The primary players have been Uber , Lyft , and China 's Didi Chuxing , which earlier this month said it will buy Uber 's China business .
Automakers are positioning themselves as partners or investors in these so-called `` new mobility '' companies in order to prevent them from eventually subtracting from new vehicle sales .
In May , Toyota announced a vague agreement with Uber .
Volkswagen invested $ 300 million into European ride-sharing start-up Gett . BMW 's i Ventures provided $ 5 million of seed capital for Scoop , a ride-sharing platform operating in the San Francisco Bay area .
GM is leasing select models to Lyft drivers in Chicago , Boston , Washington , D.C. , and Baltimore . Soon the program will expand to San Francisco , Los Angeles and Denver .
About 15 million Americans will use a ride-sharing service this year , a figure projected to grow to more than 20 million by 2020 , according to eMarketer.com , a research website that studies the sharing economy .
None of these new ventures , including Uber , is profitable , but investors are betting that as they grow they will begin to make money some day .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2bsatCu
Michele Brittany writes for Bleeding Cool from Comikaze :
Right up front , I am fascinated by Steampunk . This year , there was a major presence at Comikaze , with a number of panels devoted to this subculture group as well as an area on the show floor referred to as Steampunk Alley . I was able to catch one of the panels Saturday afternoon titled Steampunk in Popular Culture , which provided some clarity to the team and reveal just how influential this group has become the various media outlets .
The panel was comprised of League of S.T.E.A.M . ( Supernatural & Troublesome Ectoplasmic Apparition Management ) members , Sheyne Fleischer and Andrew Fogel ; cosplayer , Bethany Seagrave ; Black Hand Mercantile costumer , Johnny Bias ; and moderator Dina Kampmeyer ( a.k.a . Lady Steam ) .
I have seen cosplayers with the familiar embellishments ( you know , goggles , corsets , boots with buckles , bustles , et al ) , but I wondered how did they fit together into a cohesive steampunk identity . Kampmeyer first asked the panel to define the term . Fleischer and Fogel stated that it was “ Victorian era science fiction. ” The emphasis on ‘ era ' was very important because to leave out the word was to severely restrict the style to Victorian England of the late 19th century . However , with ‘ era ' inserted , the term became globally inclusive . For example , Fogel was able to explore the American Wild West period .
One of the trends I noticed was the increased presence of steampunk via number of vendors and cosplayers at Comikaze . Seagrave shed light on that very observation . She explained that steampunk was conducive to “ upcycling ” – a very popular movement now – old or inexpensive items to become ingenious steampunk inspired objet d'arts . She also said that steampunk was influencing some of the big names in fashion , such as Alexander McQueen , Gucci , and Prada , which was unusual since it was usually fashion that dictated fashion trends , not the other way round .
Fleischer stated that the steampunk “ skin ” could be applied to almost anything . To explore that concept , Kampmeyer asked the audience to suggest a character . Someone yelled out Scooby Doo . Immediately , the gears were turning for Fleischer and Seagrave who suggested adding vests , giving the characters more of a Sherlock Holmes appearance and add color accents from the modern characters , so that people identify who the cosplayer was referencing . And the mystery van ? Well , how about mystery train with plumes of steam ? This simple and quick exercise showed how the process looked at the character and what aspects would make them functional in the Victorian era . Per Bias , this was a very important concept to understand . For instance , it would not be functional to have Cat Woman in a big bustle as she traversed the rooftops .
And it has n't just been fashion that has been influenced by steampunk . Weaponry is another . As a fan of zombies , Fogel wanted to utilize Ash from Army of Darkness . Fogel 's character needed a chainsaw that would function in the Victorian era . He came up with a hand-cranked chainsaw .
Of course steampunk has become more pervasive in media such as film and televsion . Some examples mentioned included Sherlock , League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Doctor Who , Hugo , Van Helsing , and Hansel & Gretel . The last two were particularly good examples of weaponry inspired from steampunk .
Once back on the floor , I noticed several steampunk projects . Madeleine Holly-Rosing , writer of the steampunk themed comic book series , Boston Metaphysical Society , stated that she “ wanted to show the American experience which could include women and people of color. ” Started originally as a period piece , it morphed into a “ steampunk ghostbusters ” story that melded her interest in history and technology . She appreciated that “ steampunk is very inclusive and can be integrated to any culture. ” It was a theme that resonated from the panel as well as it being flexible and malleable to what a person wanted it to be , within the guidelines of being functional to the particular “ punk ” period referencing .
Paul Roman Martinez , creator of the Adventures of the 19XX series of books and merchandise , had an interest in history too and realized that the 1930s was an overlooked decade . He took a dissenting opinion when defining steampunk . He felt that it has n't been “ really defined – flexible , but maybe too vague. ” Hence , he started with steampunk , but he sought to improve upon the style in his own art . What emerged could be labeled as “ Dieselpunk ” a derivative of steampunk and based on the aesthetics of the 1930s rather than the earlier Victorian era .
The panel and speaking with Holly-Rosing and Rowan Martinez were really only the tip of the preverbal iceberg that is the complex nature of steampunk , but it did provide me a start and resources . And who knows , maybe at next year 's Comikaze , I 'll be a steampunk secret agent ..
For more information about steampunk and the projects mentioned in this article , visit The League of S.T.E.A.M . ( www.leagueofsteam.com ) , Madeleine Holly-Rosing ( http : //bostonmetaphysicalsociety.com ) , and Paul Rowan Martinez ( www.the19XX.com ) .
Michele Brittany is an independent pop culture scholar and semi-professional photographer currently editing an upcoming anthology on the influence of James Bond on popular culture . She regularly posts reviews and analysis on the spy/espionage genre on her blog , Spyfi & Superspies .
About Hannah Means Shannon Editor-in-Chief at Bleeding Cool . Independent comics scholar and former English Professor . Writing books on magic in the works of Alan Moore and the early works of Neil Gaiman .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Texas Rangers outfielder Nomar Mazara follows through on a single during a spring training game against the Kansas City Royals at Surprise Stadium on Thursday , March 3 , 2016 , in Surprise , Ariz. ( Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News )
With right fielder Shin-Soo Choo sidelined 4-6 weeks due a to a calf strain , the Rangers recalled Nomar Mazara , who had perhaps the best spring training of all the top prospects , to make his major league debut . Mazara arrives 16 days shy of his 21st birthday . At 20 years , 349 days , he will be the youngest player in the majors this season . Roberto Osuna , 21 years and 63 days on Sunday , had been the youngest .
ANAHEIM , Calif . - After impressive across-the-board performances by their top hitting prospects in spring training , the Rangers dove into the season confident if the need arose , they would have ready-for-the-majors hitters waiting .
The Rangers also purchased the contract of catcher Brett Nicholas to replace Robinson Chirinos on the roster . Chirinos suffered a fractured right forearm Saturday night and will be out 10-12 weeks . Nicholas will back up Bryan Holaday for now .
Mazara hit .375 for 32 at-bats in spring training with an .894 OPS , then carried it over into the start of Triple-A Round Rock 's season . In the first three games for the Express , he went 6 for 12 with a walk and four RBIs . He homered on Saturday .
When the Rangers left camp , they felt the versatility of their roster and the depth of hitting prospects would allow them , when necessary , to choose the hottest hitter , regardless of position to fill a need at either an infield or outfield spot at the majors . This move , however , requires no shuffling of players . Mazara is a right fielder by nature , who will step in for Choo in right field .
What is still to be determined is how his playing time will be spent . With Ryan Rua on the roster , the Rangers have the ability to protect Mazara , a left-handed hitter , from left-handed pitching , if they so choose , by creating a temporary platoon . Mazara hit .239 for 109 at-bats against lefties at Double-A and Triple-A in 2015 . He also drew 15 walks to push his OBP to .331 .
An early Christmas gift came for Synod members Dec. 23 , as the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) granted a charter for a forthcoming LCMS-focused credit union .
After almost three years of work and collaboration between the Lutheran Church Extension Fund ( LCEF ) and partnering agencies , the NCUA approved the new entity , called Lutheran Federal Credit Union ( LFCU ) .
“ It 's an exciting enterprise for members of the LCMS , ” said LCEF President and CEO Richard Robertson . “ The support received for this concept through survey and focus group responses indicated a strong need and desire for an entity such as this . ”
Robertson said LCEF 's role has been to provide organizational assistance and start-up capital to bring this new entity to fruition . “ The LCEF board and staff are pleased to have been part of the process that led to the granting of a charter to operate , ” Robertson said .
The credit union is a corporation separate from LCEF , and it will operate in separate offices at 10733 Sunset Office Drive , Suite 460 , in St. Louis .
“ Through LFCU , banking transactions can be conducted with an entity that shares our church 's mission and values . It 's another opportunity to promote Christian stewardship , ” Robertson said .
“ The credit union is focused on providing state-of-the-art banking products with superior customer service , ” said Tom Buuck , formerly LCEF 's chief credit officer who has worked closely with regulators to gain the approval and prepare operations . “ The purpose of this LCMS-focused credit union is to offer products and services which individuals , congregations and ministries would otherwise use through secular entities . We can now offer them at lower costs and to benefit organizations of the LCMS . ”
Along with the granting of a charter , the NCUA approved the field of membership for the credit union to include the LCMS ; associated districts ; congregations and schools and their members ; LCMS agencies , employees and their families .
“ Personal loans for LCMS rostered church workers is an area of opportunity the credit union offers , ” Buuck said . Currently , LCEF is limited in the number of states it can offer loans ; the credit union will be a national entity offering loans in all 50 states .
NCUA regulators working with Buuck said the number of proposed products the credit union may offer is unprecedented . However , Buuck said they based the decision to allow the large number of products because of LCEF 's impressive “ track record . ”
A governing Board of Directors appointed for Lutheran Federal Credit Union is working on plans associated with actual operations . Members of the board are :
Michael Kzirian , Cranford , N.J. — board chair ;
Sue Elsholz , Birmingham , Mich. — secretary and treasurer ;
Ken Krueger , St. Louis — board member ;
Randall Peterson , Gladstone , Mich. — board member ; and
Richard Robertson , St. Louis — board member .
Buuck said Lutheran Federal Credit Union could become operational as early as the second quarter of 2015 . Details about the exact offerings , scheduled launch and timeline for full rollout will be announced by the credit union board and those selected to lead the new enterprise in the coming months .
Questions about the credit union may be emailed to Info @ LutheranFCU.org .
DeSha 's restaurant is fighting back after Victorian Square moved to terminate its lease and vacate the property by Dec. 31 .
Victorian Square LLC filed a motion in Fayette Circuit Court on May 3 seeking a declaratory judgment that the restaurant had persistently failed to pay rent and other charges . A motion filed earlier this week on behalf of Nick Sanders , CEO of Tavern Restaurant Group , claimed many of Victorian Square 's allegations are misleading or inaccurate .
The Tavern Restaurant Group Inc. , which owns and operates deSha 's , filed a motion saying they have paid rent in a timely manner . The motion said the recent recession was financially hard on the restaurant , as it was on many other businesses . Because of this , on occasion the Tavern Restaurant Group did n't make its rental payments by their due dates , according to the restaurant 's motion .
`` However , TRG had been a reliable tenant for decades and these rental issues were worked out in a commercially reasonable manner with ( the current owner of Victorian Square ) and its predecessor , Victorian Square Associates LLC , '' according to the motion .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Nancy Parrott , director of communications for the Tavern Restaurant Group , said when the new landlord came last August , the previous renewal terms in the lease were loosely written and felt Victorian Square did n't have to honor them . However , the Tavern Restaurant Group thinks the new landlord should have to honor the terms .
In August 2012 , Victorian Square was bought by The Webb Companies and Jeffrey R. Anderson Real Estate Inc. , of Cincinnati , for $ 1.7 million .
When the sale was announced , Mark Fallon , vice president of real-estate leasing for Anderson , said there were plans to make Victorian Square a downtown destination by adding several high-volume restaurants .
Parrott said the company does n't know what the plans are for Victorian Square , particularly deSha 's .
`` We 're not sure because Nick has n't been able to have a conversation with them about why they do n't want to renew the lease , '' Parrott said .
Parrott said the original lease was up for renewal after 10 years . Since the initial lease , the terms have been up for renewal every five years .
The current lease grants the Tavern Restaurant Group the right to extend the term of the lease for two additional five-year periods , Parrott said in an email . To extend the lease , the company is required to provide Victorian Square with written notice 90 days prior to the end of the lease term . The Tavern Restaurant Group wants Victorian Square to honor the first renewal term of five years , with the understanding that the decision to renew the second five-year term would be a mutual business decision to be negotiated in the best interest of both companies at that time , Parrott said .
Parrott said Victorian Square `` claims that the extension agreement was poorly drafted and does not meet certain legal technicalities . Therefore , Victorian Square claims it does not have to honor the current renewal terms of the existing lease . ''
As for the rental payments , the motion filed by deSha 's says the restaurant settled all lease-related issues that Victorian Square and the Tavern Restaurant Group entered into on Oct. 22 , 2012 . One of the provisions in the agreement was that rent would be paid through an `` automatic debit '' to assure that it would get paid .
The Tavern Restaurant Group has made all rental and other payments in a timely manner since the settlement , the motion says . Parrott said deSha 's currently makes all payments via a wire transfer each month .
According to the motion , neither Victorian Square nor its bank was unable to implement that payment method , and direct wire transfers have been used to make payments .
The email also stated that Sanders wants deSha 's to be part of the new plan for Victorian Square .
Victorian Square attorney Thomas Miller filed a response to the motion Thursday afternoon that said to enter a new lease with deSha 's , Victorian Square would require safeguards to make sure payments were made .
Miller said the only reason they brought up the points of deSha 's late rent payments in the past was to show why they needed safeguards ; not to say deSha 's was a bad tenant .
Miller said if the restaurant wanted the right to renew , they should have put a specific lease amount for the period of time after Dec. 31 .
The response also said both parties must agree to all terms , which they currently do not .
A judge is scheduled to hear the case on June 18 .
PRAGUE , Czech Republic — In the smoky red basement of a popular club in Prague , a Finnish student sits at a table passing a joint to a friend . A young Polish tourist approaches and asks where to get another one . “ Just go over there , ” says the Finn pointing toward the bathroom .
This scene plays often in Prague these days , a city where the young are flooding in to party hard , with little fear of getting busted .
“ We 're not here for girls , we 're here for drugs and fun , ” said Mathieu , who declined to give his last name , and who drove from Paris with friends to spend four days in Prague . They are drinking beer and absinthe in Chateau Rogue , one of city 's most notorious tourist clubs for scoring drugs . “ Everybody told us that Prague was the best place to find drugs , ” said Mathieu 's friend .
Although the Czech capital has long been a tourist attraction with its medieval grandeur , elegant spires and cobbled streets , these days it has become a magnet for stag nights , pub crawls and young Europeans seeking a weekend party in a country cheaper than the Netherlands and more easy-going than its neighbors ( in Slovakia , having a small amount of marijuana can lead to three years in prison ) .
The Czech Republic has always been relatively lenient about drug use , which has been legal since 1990 . Possession , paradoxically , remains a crime but is n't actively prosecuted , mainly due to a lack of resources : The Czech Government Council for Drug Policy Coordination reports there are only 200 people working on the National Drug Squad and they mostly target manufacturers , importers and major dealers .
“ The Czech police have mainly been enforcing the drug laws at a certain organizational level , ” said Jakub Frydrych , head of National Drug Squad of the Czech Police and the Bureau of Investigation .
The Czech Republic once defined illegal drug possession with the legally vague phrase `` more than a small amount . '' In January , a new law took effect quantifying the amount of drugs that equals a misdemeanor offense : possession of less than 15 grams of marijuana , 1.5 grams of heroin , 1 gram of cocaine and 4 tablets of ecstasy , for example , can result in a fine of 15,000 Czech crowns ( $ 830 ) , the average monthly salary in the country . Possessing anything more is considered a felony .
Even though those amounts make Czech drug laws among the most lenient in Europe , officials bristle at the suggestion that the new law has liberalized drug possession .
“ Drugs are not decriminalized in the Czech Republic , ” said Frydrych . “ Possession of drugs is at a minimum a misdemeanor . I personally do not consider the new law to be more lenient . ”
( Read about the new drug law in neighboring Poland , meant to counter synthetic marijuana . )
Danny Kushlick , founder of the Transform Drug Policy Foundation in Bristol , United Kingdom , said the new Czech law is more progressive than a blanket prohibition but still leaves production and supply to organized crime networks and unregulated dealers . He said more needs to be done to coordinate drug laws across borders as well . “ We have to look at [ unifying ] drug policymaking throughout the world in order that particular places do n't become drug havens , ” he said .
Czech National Drug Policy Coordinator Jindrich Voboril said that the law has become harsher when it comes to methamphetamines , heroin and cocaine , which are increasingly problematic for the country .
In recent years , the Czech Republic has become Europe 's top producer of methamphetamines , made in small secret labs , of which 300 to 400 are raided each year , said Frydrych .
Among European Union countries , the Czech Republic has the highest percentage of people between the ages of 15 and 24 who have tried drugs at least once , according to Tomas Zabransky , head of research and development programs at the Center for Addictology at Charles University in Prague . Zabransky says that instead of leniency , the new drug law simply takes “ a pragmatic approach which acknowledges that drug addicts are ill and should not legally be punished for their illness . ”
Meanwhile , it is still too early to assess what effect the new law has had , said Viktor Mravcik , head of the Czech National Monitoring Center for Drugs and Drug Addiction . The Center for Addictology predicts little change in the situation for addicts . Where officials say they do expect change , however , is in recreational and experimental use .
In essence , the new law is a lure for drug tourists . Even though there are no official numbers available for this type of tourism , anecdotal evidence shows that Prague has become a top party destination in Europe .
Brandon , who declined to give his last name , a Prague-based pub crawl guide and California native , admitted that part of his job is to take groups to bars where weed can be purchased and smoked inside : “ I throw a party , and if people want drugs I introduce them to the right people . ”
And even though Czech officials dislike the label of “ New Amsterdam ” for their capital , they admit it is n't too far off the mark . Czech attitudes toward drugs are similar to those in the Netherlands , said Voboril : “ It 's still illegal if you do it but we wo n't put you in prison for it . ”
As Donald Trump 's transition team officially announced that retired Gen. Michael Flynn had been named Trump 's national security adviser , Rep. Elijah Cummings ( D-MD ) , the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee , on Friday asked for documents about Flynn 's “ apparent conflicts of interest . ”
Cummings sent a letter to Vice President-elect Mike Pence , the head of Trump 's transition team , requesting information on Flynn 's work with his consulting firm , Flynn Intel Group , Inc. , citing reports that Flynn received classified briefings during the campaign while lobbying the United States government on behalf of foreign governments .
“ President-elect Trump promised during his campaign that he would ‘ drain the swamp , ' but his top national security advisor is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , whose firm is reportedly being paid to lobby the U.S. Government by a close ally of Turkey 's president . It is unclear how Lt. Gen. Flynn was reportedly allowed into intelligence briefings during the campaign despite these apparent conflicts of interest , ” Cummings said in a statement accompanying the letter .
Cummings previously requested documents about potential for Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , to serve as a White House adviser given that such a move would violate anti-nepotism law . The congressman has also called for hearings looking into whether Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
Read Cummings ' letter to Pence :
Anytime the camera pans to someone famous , it 's crucial for the interview to devolve into an attack on President Trump ( see Katie Couric Pressures Betty White to Bash Trump and Desperate CNN Tried Making Conor McGregor Insult Trump ) . Following these media guidelines , Matt Lauer interviewed former President George W. Bush , and opened the door to Attack Trump Now .
Dubya did n't play along .
“ You used to matter more . ”
Let 's set aside the obvious baiting Lauer laid bare , hoping he 'd steered Bush to one possible answer : a variation of either “ Trump sucks ” or “ no comment. ” When Dubya was President , there were only three outlets in news , so the media had a better grip on their narrative . Not so much in 2017 . The proof is you 're here , reading this site , getting commentary on a news story you would n't read on NBC or ABC . Unless there was an awesome parallel universe where critical thought mattered more than feelings . Where cake has the nutritional value of spinach . Where men are men , women are women , and there 's no controversy when such a statement is uttered . Ah . What a place .
But the media no longer has the monopoly they once did , a fact which irks them like… well , facts . Are all voices equal ? No . For when the “ Knights of the Respected Round Table of ‘ Real News ' ” have made clear their agenda , ( as it was during Bush 's presidential tenure ) they tend to echo each other , in a battle to shout out other media voices . But those other avenues of news , like alternate media , have squashed their bully stronghold on that which they used to control .
A point bluntly made by George W Bush to Matt Lauer . “ You used to matter more. ” I 'm going to put this track on repeat .
Now do Chris Cuomo next…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST ? FIX THAT ! IT 'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE .
Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images
The St. Louis Blues have not been achieving as expected in the 2013 season . Instead of contending for the Central Division and even the President 's Trophy , as many people imagined , the Blues are sitting in seventh in the Western Conference and third in the Central .
Bernie Miklasz of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch wrote a column about the Blues ' recent struggles . He talks about how they have not bought into coach Ken Hitchcock 's system and that the offense needs to be as it was earlier in the season . Essentially , he is hitting the panic button .
It is way too early to be hitting the panic button .
Hitchcock 's system was completely bought into last season and it led to arguably the best regular season in Blues history . This is basically the exact same team . The only difference was bringing in Vladimir Tarasenko and losing Jason Arnott and Jamie Langenbrunner . The missing piece ? Leadership .
The Blues have had a loss of identity because they do n't have the experience and the lead by example leadership as they did last season . David Backes is more than a capable captain ( frankly , one of the more underrated in the league ) , however , he does not have the same kind of veteran leadership guys like Langenbrunner and Arnott brought to the table .
They have been in the situation the team is in now before , and more importantly , they know what it takes to win a Stanley Cup . The only two people who have rings are Andy McDonald and Hitchcock .
Secondly , the defense has been nowhere near as good as it was last season when the Blues allowed the least goals in the league . Now ? They 're 17th in the league in goals against average . In comparison , Chicago is third , Boston is fifth and Anaheim is eighth .
Teams are proving that in order to be successful and be a contender for the Stanley Cup , you need to have stellar goaltender , and the Blues have only seen flashes of greatness from their netminders .
The offense has n't been much better in recent games . The Blues have only scored 18 goals in the last eight games . Some fans are saying that if the team continues on its cold streak , players such as David Perron , Alex Steen or Patrik Berglund should be dealt . This would be completely detrimental for the development of the team .
Yes , the team has had scoring issues , but they are also capable of putting on an offensive show . Have people forgotten about the Blues ' 5-1 start ? The team is just collectively cold . What happens if the team gets collectively hot ? They could be this year 's Los Angeles Kings .
Overall , people are forgetting that this season is a shortened one . Yes , there are 16 games left , but the team has only played 32 . If the Blues were 17-13-2 , sure people would not be happy . But there would be no talk of blowing up the roster , no questioning if Hitch can get the job done .
Being a Stanley Cup team does not happen overnight . Teams must fight through adversity to achieve greatness . It is a process that takes time . This Blues team is capable of achieving that greatness . So do n't just hit the panic button . The best is yet to come .
It 's that time again , so strap in for answered questions , revealed facts and showcased fan art ! Enjoy !
BATTLE HEROES OF THE WEEK
Highest Damage Caused/Received Ratio in Tier X Tanks
XBOX : Gr4nD Ze8u - 6 Medals
PS4 : Nopqe - 6 Medals
FACT HEROES
Last week we asked , `` What 's the highest amount of base XP earned in a single battle ? '' 4,653 XP !
Q & A Heroes
Can you please change the FV215b series to be historically accurate ? The heavy tank is fictional , so it 's silly that it has the historical project name . I propose the heavy become the `` FV215b 120 '' and the TD simply become the `` FV215b , '' as it should be . – Metalrodent
Leo Flores , Game Designer : That would be fine with me ; I 've had the same thought . We usually follow PC naming conventions , but I 'm not sure if it matters if we differ from PC tank names . It would all depend on approval from TJ [ Wagner , Project Lead ] .
Will you release the T14-PS variant through other channels ? Currently it 's only available to supertesters . – GameWinner_001
There are no current plans to do that , since it 's a supertester reward . Why not sign up to be a supertester ?
Will we see the Centurion Action X this year ? - Major Fulcrum
Yes , likely in the fall .
Can we get more than one XO spot for Clans ? That way you can have more leaders online at the same time , even if people have different schedules . – super_omega_aids
Yep , I 've requested that already and there 's a ticket tracking the work .
Will the Brazilian Bulldog ever return to the store , or will the PC 's `` Black Dog '' be featured anytime soon ? – CheweyBadge
The Brazilian Bulldog will show up again this year . We have n't picked an exact date for it yet . As for the “ Black Dog , ” since it 's so similar to the Brazilian Bulldog , we have no plans for it at this time . There could be a compelling reason to introduce it , though .
Bonus Q & A Content
Requests to allow turning off grass on newer consoles have not been ignored . We tried several approaches with outlines before settling on what we think works best without impacting performance by adding an additional render pass . I figured I could give you a sneak peek at the solution we are working on , technically called the `` screendoor . '' It 's not fully complete yet , but it is working .
Fan Creations
NinetyMIKE
greyweasel UK
RonBon007
AHuskywolF
Video Heroes
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article .
During a Nov. 22 celebration of Donald Trump 's election triumph , members of a far-right organization , the National Policy Institute , were filmed extending a stiff arm in the iconic “ Heil Hitler ” salute of Nazi Germany . Ensuring there would be no mistaking the gesture , National Policy Institute President Richard Spencer shouted , “ Hail Trump , hail our people , hail victory ! ”
Advertisement :
The video echoed , on a very small scale , mass rallies that were once held in Nazi Germany . Huge crowds with their arms raised “ were an essential part of Nazi propaganda , designed to demonstrate public solidarity with the policies of the Nazi Party , ” write Garth S. Jowett and Victoria O'Donnell in “ Propaganda & Persuasion . ”
Two years ago , when I prepared slides on the Nazi salute for my rhetoric class on “ The Art of Argument , ” I had no idea that I would soon see that gesture reborn in the America political landscape .
Before the Nov. 8 election , the use of the Nazi salute by a fringe group might have been dismissed as a “ Springtime for Hitler ” moment , something too outrageous to be taken seriously , as satirized in “ The Producers ” movie and Tony-winning Broadway musical .
Post-election , the gesture represents something that demands serious attention . Historically , hand and arm gestures have had as powerful an impact as slogans or symbols . That Nazi salute should be considered in that context .
History of gestures
Certain gestures can send powerful rhetoric and cultural messages . There 's even an International Society for Gesture Studies which promotes gesture studies worldwide .
Advertisement :
Consider a common two-finger salute . During World War II , the two-finger salute of “ V for Victory ” gave courage to Allied troops . A similar gesture morphed into the peace sign , a gesture of resistance and solidarity during the 1960s protests against the Vietnam War . Turn the V-sign palm facing in , and you have a gesture that is considered rude in the United Kingdom .
The Vulcan salute , adopted by actor Leonard Nimoy for the original “ Star Trek ” series , came from a Jewish blessing , and has become part of the American lexicon of gesture . After Nimoy 's death , NASA astronaut Terry Virts made the “ Live Long and Prosper ” sign while aboard the International Space Station and sent it to Earth via Twitter .
AP Photo/FILE
The current uproar over athletes kneeling during the National Anthem pales beside the outrage that greeted athletes Tommie Smith and John Carlos when they each held aloft a black-gloved fist clenched in the “ Black Power ” salute during their medal ceremony at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .
A three-fingered salute plays a key role in the book series “ The Hunger Games. ” According to narrator Katniss Everdeen , raising a hand with three fingers extended is “ an old and rarely used gesture [ that ] means thanks , it means admiration , it means good-bye to someone you love. ” In the book , the gesture becomes a sign of resistance .
Advertisement :
Fiction became reality in May 2014 , when three Thailand political activists protesting a coup held their hands up in a three-finger salute and were detained . Thai authorities likely never heard of Katniss Everdeen , yet they knew a sign of rebellion when they saw it .
As old as politics
“ Gestures are as old as politics itself , ” writes Nathaniel Zelinsky in a Foreign Affairs article that probes the use of gestures employed by radical Islamists and other groups in the Middle East . Zelinsky argues that we must pay attention to these hand signals as they “ communicate complex political messages that Western observers have largely ignored . ”
Advertisement :
Gestures , he notes , including the Nazi salute , became especially important with the advent of mass media in the 20th century :
“ Consider what is perhaps the best-known example : Adolf Hitler 's fascist salute . In a single gesture , Hitler communicated the power of National Socialism , the obedience of German crowds , and his own role as a supreme leader . And because pictures of him saluting were printed in newspapers around the world , the symbol reached billions . ”
In Europe , the Nazi salute is so potent it can be considered hate speech . To get around these laws , a controversial French comedian created an inverted Nazi salute called the “ quenelle , ” in which a stiff arm is held down , rather than up , and is interpreted as support of anti-Zionism . The gesture has spread across the internet through selfies , as Gavriel Rosenfeld explores in his book “ Hi Hitler : How the Nazi Past Is Normalized in Contemporary Culture . ”
Unlike in France , gestures may fall under First Amendment protection in the United States , affording protection to even Nazi salutes . The National Policy Institute may have taken advantage of this protection in that November meeting . Whether deliberate or not , Trump supporters have displayed a Heil Hitler-like gesture at more than one Trump rally .
Advertisement :
The stiff-arm salute is not a trivial gesture . It is not alt-right so much as it is Third Reich redux , a revival of a dangerous ideology . Just consider the message from the National Policy Institute 's website , which declares it is “ dedicated to the heritage , identity , and future of people of European descent in the United States , and around the world. ” It is not a stretch to compare this to the Nazi veneration of the supposed “ Aryan ” or “ ethnically pure ” race .
Thus far , the president-elect has expressed more outrage over the cast of “ Hamilton ” addressing Mike Pence at the theater than neo-Nazis saluting in his name .
Stephanie Schorow , Adjunct Professor of Professional Writing , Regis College , Regis College
Decorative metal bollards that line the newly finished Jones Falls Bike Trail downtown have taken a battering from unknown assailants , according to the city 's Department of Transportation .
Kathy Chopper , of DOT , says the agency suspects hit-and-run drivers are responsible for the severing of a half dozen bollards , or vertical posts , on the Fallsway north of Chase Street and at Guilford Avenue and Biddle Street . The beheadings took place over the last three months .
The roughly 28-inch-high bollards were installed last summer as the crowning design element of Phase II of the bike trail , which runs 2.5 miles between the Inner Harbor and Penn Station – and cost $ 2.62 million ( including $ 77,901 in extra work orders from contractor Civil Construction ) .
The bike trail is separated from car traffic by raised curbing with heavy paving stones and closely-spaced black bollards with ornamental ball tops and fluted shafts .
Chopper could not provide a price for replacing the bollards . “ At this time , we are still negotiating the cost , ” she said . Similar bollards sold by suppliers on the Internet range from $ 600 to $ 750 each .
DOT officials expect the replacement bollards to be installed by spring 2013 . By then , they 're likely to need more given the current fatality rate .
Some of the nation 's top foodies have acknowledged what craft beer junkies already know—craft beer is hot !
Every year the National Restaurant Association releases its annual What 's Hot culinary forecast for the upcoming year , and this year 7 of the top 10 “ Hot Trends ” in the Alcoholic Beverages category are craft beer-related . Craft beer 's younger and more potent sibling , artisan spirits , received some well deserved recognition for its growing popularity with consumers as well .
Highlights of the NRA 's Alcoholic Beverage “ Hot Trends ” for 2014 include :
# 1—Micro-distilled/Artisan Spirits
# 2—Locally Produced Beer/Wine/Spirits
# 6—House-brewed beer
# 7—Craft Beer/Microbrew
When ranked as “ Perennial Favorites ” by the 1300 chefs who participated in the survey , Craft Beer/Microbrew jumped up to fifth place , Seasonal Beer to third , IPAs to second and Lagers to first . For the full report visit the What 's Hot in Culinary Forecast .
But before you read the full report , I suggest arming yourself with an exceptional beverage and some food because this is seriously going to make you drool .
Robbery 101 : Do n't pocket-dial 911 in the act
Law officers in North Mankato say three would-be robbers picked the wrong time to pocket-dial 911 .
Blue Earth Sheriff 's Capt . Rich Murry says a dispatcher took the call early Thursday morning and heard two voices on the other end . Murry says what she could hear of their conversation suggested the men were involved in a theft or burglary .
Murry says officers were able to use the 34-minute call to figure out where the men were and arrested them and a third suspect . He says one of the last things heard on the unintentional 911 call was `` I think I see the police '' followed by sounds of running .
KTOE-AM reports Murry says officers found that a supply business that had been ransacked , with cash and other items taken .
Six seasons in , and we 're still no closer to figuring out who will win the battle for the seven kingdoms on HBO 's Game of Thrones . But here 's how some of the series ' stars ( past and present ) made a living before they were Starks , Lannisters , Baratheons , Targaryens , and beyond .
1 . EMILIA CLARKE // DAENERYS TARGARYEN
Before everyone 's favorite Khaleesi and mother of dragons embarked on her quest for the Iron Throne , Emilia Clarke starred in a commercial ( above ) for the charity Samaritans , which provides support to people in emotional distress .
She broke into TV with a guest role on an episode of the long-running BBC series Doctors in 2009 and playing Savannah in the Syfy channel 's Triassic Attack in 2010 .
2 . LENA HEADEY // CERSEI LANNISTER
YouTube
Long before she was a Queen or had to endure the world 's worst walk of shame , Lena Headey had her first on-screen role in the 1992 movie Waterland alongside Ethan Hawke and Jeremy Irons . The then-24-year-old actress played Young Mary Crick , whose character has a sex scene with Hawke 's and then eventually marries Irons 's .
3 . RICHARD MADDEN // ROBB STARK
The dearly departed King of the North honed his craft on the BBC children 's comedy Barmy Aunt Boomerang . Madden played Sebastian , whose life is turned upside down by the arrival of his wacky Australian aunt , Boomerang … who is actually a ghost . Dragons and direwolves probably seemed downright normal after that .
4 . GWENDOLINE CHRISTIE // BRIENNE OF TARTH
Before Christie swung a sword as the fiercest lady knight this side of the wall , she had bitten roles in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ( Classy Shopper 2 ) and The Time Surgeon ( The Tape/ ” Victim ” ) . She also played Lexi/Lucy in 12 episodes of the BBC series Wizards vs. Aliens . Check her out in the clip above .
5 . IWAN RHEON // RAMSAY BOLTON
Iwan Rheon , who plays the bastard everyone loves to hate , cut his teeth on Welsh television . He made his onscreen debut playing Macsen White on the long-running Welsh soap opera Pobol y Cwm in the 2004 episode “ OB Cafe ” ; two years later , he played Daniel on several episodes of the Welsh drama Caerdydd . Fans of the British TV show Misfits will recognize him as Simon Bellamy , a role he landed in 2009 . When he 's not setting his hounds on people as Ramsay Bolton on Thrones , Rheon is making music ; he released his first album in 2015 .
6 . JACK GLEESON // JOFFREY BARATHEON
Yes , Jack Gleeson is the little boy rescued by Rachel Dawes ( Katie Holmes ) in Batman Begins . You can also catch the boy who would be Thrones ' psychotic King in 2007 's Shrooms , about three couples who go to Ireland to collect magic mushrooms and trip out ( Gleeson played “ Lonely Twin ” ) , and in 2009 's A Shine of Rainbows as Seamus ; you can spot him in the trailer above at around 46 seconds .
7 . NATALIE DORMER // MARGAERY TYRELL
Before she was Renly , Joffrey , and Tommen 's Queen , Natalie Dormer made her debut on the first episode of ITV dramedy Distant Shores . She played “ Mobile Woman , ” a character who loudly talks on her cell phone on the bus and gets chewed out by the main character . You can see it all go down in the clip above .
Margaery is n't the only queen Dormer has played ; she lost her head as Anne Boleyn in The Tudors before booking Game of Thrones in 2012 .
8 . NIKOLAJ COSTER-WALDAU // JAIME LANNISTER
Before he played the Kingslayer , Nikolaj Coster-Waldau starred in the 1994 Danish thriller Nightwatch as Martin , who takes a night shift job in a mortuary to finance his law school education . Scary stuff ensues , as you can see in the trailer above .
9 . AIDAN GILLEN // PETYR “ LITTLEFINGER ” BAELISH
Before taking on a character who is a skilled player in the game of thrones , Aidan Gillen had roles in a number of TV movies , hit the big screen as Aidan Lynch in Circle of Friends , and played Councilman-turned-Mayor Thomas Carcetti in The Wire .
10 . LIAM CUNNINGHAM // DAVOS SEAWORTH
Liam Cunningham made his onscreen debut in a 1992 short film called Public Toilet . A year later , he appeared in his first feature film , the family adventure Into the West , playing a police officer .
11 . RORY MCCANN // SANDOR “ THE HOUND ” CLEGANE
Prior to playing the fire-fearing , murder-loving Hound , Rory McCann got his break in a couple of hilarious Scott 's Porage Oats commercials , the first of which is above ( you can see the second one here ) . You might also recognize the 6 ' 6 '' actor as Michael Armstrong in Edgar Wright 's Hot Fuzz ( 2007 ) :
12 . ALFIE ALLEN // THEON GREYJOY
Before becoming Reek , Alfie Allen—younger brother of singer Lily Allen—had roles in films like Elizabeth ( 1998 ) , Atonement ( 2007 ) , and The Other Boleyn Girl ( 2008 ) . He also appeared in three episodes of the 2008 miniseries Casualty 1907 , which used records from the archives of the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel to bring the patients and doctors of the Victorian-era hospital back to life . Allen played Nobby Clark ; you can see him in the role in the video above .
13 . CARICE VAN HOUTEN // MELISANDRE
In 1999 , the actress who was once Stannis Baratheon 's right-hand-sorceress starred in the Dutch TV movie Suzy Q , which followed a weekend in the life of a bizarre family in the 1960s . You can see a clip above .
14 . CONLETH HILL // LORD VARYS
Prior to playing Westeros 's scheming eunuch , Conleth Hill sang as an Irish tenor in The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles in 1993 . You can get a good look at him in the video above , around the 5:50 mark .
15 . NATHALIE EMMANUEL // MISSANDEI
Before she booked Thrones , the future right hand lady of the Khaleesi appeared on the British soap opera Hollyoaks from 2007 to 2010 , playing the boy crazy wild child Sasha Valentine . In one story arc her character overdosed on heroin and slipped into a coma . Watch her bring the drama in the clip above ( which has some NSFW language ) .
16 . NATALIA TENA // OSHA
Playing a wildling in Game of Thrones is n't Natalia Tena 's first foray into fantasy ; the actress is perhaps best known for her role as Nymphadora Tonks in the Harry Potter series . But her first big screen role was when she was a teenager , playing Ellie in Chris and Paul Weitz 's Oscar-nominated About a Boy ( 2002 ) . You can see her at the 1:07 mark in the clip above .
17 . ROSE LESLIE // YGRITTE
Before playing Jon Snow 's Wildling lover on Thrones , Rose Leslie was a member of Downton Abbey 's downstairs crew ( she was the housemaid who wanted to become a secretary ) . But her first TV role was on the documentary series Locked Up Abroad . She played Kim , a lady with less-than-honorable intentions who convinces her boyfriend to come to Peru while she runs a drug smuggling job ( NSFW language in the episode ) . You can check her out above .
18 . SIBEL KEKILLI // SHAE
Before she landed the role as Tyrion Lannister 's lady-for-hire , Sibel Kekilli won two Lolas—the German award equivalent of an Oscar—in 2004 and 2010 . She also had a role in the 2004 German film Kebab Connection , about a man of Turkish descent who wants to direct the first German kung-fu movie . You can see Kekilli at the 1:01 mark in the trailer above .
19 . RICHARD BRAKE // THE NIGHT 'S KING
Richard Brake only made a couple of appearances as The Night 's King in seasons four and five of Thrones , but each one was chilling . ( Stuntman Vladimir Furdik has taken over the role for season six . ) Brake got his start in 1993 on an episode of the Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie series Jeeves & Wooster playing a reporter . You might also recognize him as Joe Chill—yup , the guy who kills Bruce Wayne 's parents—in Batman Begins . You can see him at 2:25 in the clip above .
20 . JACOB ANDERSON // GREY WORM
Fans of Broadchurch will recognize this leader of the Unsullied as Dean Thomas , Chloe Latimer 's boyfriend . Before that , Anderson made his TV debut in the British soap opera Doctors ; he played Ryan Garvey for one episode in 2007 .
Department Highlights UBC programming teams place 1st , 4th , and 14th
in ACM International Programming Competition , Pacific NW Division For the third year in a row , a UBC programming team has proven to be the programming demons to beat among top university Computer Science Departments in Canada and the U.S in the Pacific Northwest Region . Handily beating out teams from Stanford , Berkeley and SFU , the three members of the winning UBC team were joined by two other UBC teams who took fourth and 14th place respectively among more than 45 teams in the region . SFU captured the second place spot tying with UBC to complete 9 of 10 questions but were no competition when it came to the amount of time it took for them to do that - trailing the UBC team by more than 300 minutes on the scoreboard . The top place team heads to San Antonio Texas and the World Finals in April 2006 to face stiff competition from approximately 75-80 other top teams from around the world .
in ACM International Programming Competition , Pacific NW Division Deadline to Apply to UBC for Fall 2006 Entry : Deadline : February 28 , 2006
Meet the new Department head .
Find out more about our new 20-month , second Degree program .
High school students , attend our Discovery Forum and IMAX Events .
Got a question about admission ? Please call 604 822-3061 between 8:30 and 4:30 pm PST
Visit our News Page : http : //www.cs.ubc.ca/news/ .
Richard Bates has a new post to the Flexandair.com blog about the new AMF support that the latest Zend Framework version ( 1.7 ) contains - the Zend_Amf component .
To get started with Zend_Amf , you 'll first need to download Zend Framework 1.7 . To do that , go to the Zend Framework download page and select the 1.7 release ( near the bottom of the page ) . Alternatively , you can download only the components required for Zend_Amf here . This is the current build from the incubator ( SVN ) , so its no more stable than the full release , just smaller ( 128 kb ) .
The post includes links to a screencast done by the package author ( Wade Arnold ) as well as updates from his blog .
He also mentions some of the `` pitfalls '' that he had when trying to get it up and working , specifically with the class mapping and defining RemoteObject parameters in the code rather than an external XML file .
Silent Hall
N.S . Dolkart
Angry Robot Books , 2016
In January , Silent Hall made Fantasy Faction ‘ s list of ‘ Most Anticipated Fantasy Novels of 2016 , ' which was how I discovered it . I 'm not quite comfortable calling it “ young adult crossover ” because doing so shaves off audience for this debut . Dolkart has written an epic fantasy adventure of the swords and sorcery type that although it follows a group of young adults or new adults , if you will , is a story for everyone . It is a tale of adventure , discovery , and hard decision making . When asked to describe the novel , Dolkart suggested “ Malevolent gods . Refugees from a cursed island . Giant freaking ants. “
The five heroes of this tale , Narky , Citron , Hunter , Bandu , and Phaedra , are rendered in a striking realism . By altering points of view every chapter between these characters , Dolkart is able to flesh out the personalities of each character , the understanding/misunderstanding of each towards the others , and show genuine organic growth while moving the plot along and not being mired in world-building ( which is always the major hurdle for the debut of a new series ) .
The first third of the novel is the drawing together of our heroes , and although it takes some time , it is well worth it . There is Narky , known as the coward 's son , has to flee his village after finally snapping under the bullying he receives ; Citron , revealed to us first through his mother 's point of view as she labors in a Rapunzel-like tower locked away from the world because she and her son are ‘ Dragon Touched , ' fleeing his imprisonment ; Hunter , the melancholy youngest son of the highest class noble , sent away by his father so to find himself ; the forest-child Bandu fleeing the wild with her companion wolf ; and Phaedra , another noble , longing to embrace the life of a scholar and priestess .
One of the qualities that I enjoyed and I think many fantasy readers will savor is how this group comes together mirroring the assembled parties of so much tabletop gaming and MMORPGs . Yet , it does n't feel forced or contrived but , again , organic . When the group finally makes its way to the mysterious castle which gives the novel its name housing the wizard Psander , the story begins to gather more intrigue . From this moment , magic not only enters but plays a major role in the story . We discover just how Dolkart 's pantheon of gods functions ( it is a religious system that is involved but not confusing ) and there are at least four dimensions to this world that of elves , dragons , gods , and humans all of which are abutting each other trying to break into or overcome the other . The cosmology Dolkart crafts and explores creates a brilliant foundation for the magic system of this world as well as its religions . Also , there is an underlying narrative about the urge toward unity , its violence and benefits , which I admire .
The plot of Silent Hall or , rather , the goal of our heroes does n't really reveal itself until readers are more than midway through the novel . Once it does become apparent what these wayward wanderers must do , what it seems as only they can do , the novel takes on an urgency that is often lacking in fantasy adventures . This is because Dolkart has spent the time to allow us to know the characters and the world . This troupe is outcasts not only because the population of their homeland , an island , was wiped away by an unknown angry god but also being islanders , they stand out on the continent where they are looking for answers and new home .
These young adult islanders ( they seem to fall between 16-20 years old ) stand out physically because of their skin color . This functions as a vital aspect of the story because , as Dolkart himself says , “ they are instantly recognizable . When people hear about five black teenagers whose island has been cursed , and then see five black teenagers wandering around the mostly-white continent , they immediately know who they are. ” As they attempt to find places to rest and get information on their journey ( as well as return stolen children they have liberated to parents ) , it is made clear to readers that these are dark skinned heroes . But the world they are in has its own healthy racism : “ ‘ Black skin , black hearts , ' one old lady said , as she slammed her door in their faces. ” They are called “ black cursebringers ” and must navigate a course to save the world in one that does n't see them as deserving of respect .
There are few fantasy works out there that have people of color as protagonists ( Dolkart has also made it clear his novel is meant as a Jewish allegory ) ; Silent Hill does a fantastic job of braiding the race , religion , and your standard hero quest . There 's also a subtle but consistent anti-war or pacifist message in the novel best seen through the character Hunter who was trained from birth to be a warrior . When he goes to retrieve pack horses after the group has fought and defeated a swarm of giant ants ( yeah , giant fucking ants , how cool is that ? ) , Hunter returns crestfallen and conflicted . The young would-be warrior is wrestling with how casually he had to kill two men and how that does n't sync up with his romantic ideal of being a soldier , a warrior :
Hunter had trained hard for war . He had thought it would bring him glory and status and his father 's respect . But Father was dead now , and there was no glory in killing strong men for the sake of an animal and some rocks . Those men had been fathers too .
This hints at the core of Dolkart 's novel , “ Of the many things that guide their actions , one of the main things is their struggle with their own moral compasses , with trying to understand how to be good people in a complicated world. ” More than anything else , Silent Hall is a moral venture not merely a navel-gazing bildungsroman . By embracing and subverting fantasy tropes , Dolkart is able to at once enliven or refresh the genre while paying heed to its most endearing qualities .
There is something to this novel that feels like a D & D campaign written out and that 's hardly an accident . Yet , Dolkart 's writing is able to make the story something more than just this . His ability to interweave his characters hopes and fears , to have them both be themselves while mirroring the concerns of readers ( Narky and Bandu especially seem to be this voice ) heightens this story beyond more than a mere written mod , if you will . Reading Silent Hall , I was impressed by just how well thought out and paced the narrative was . As a first novel , this is supremely good book . As it ends with Narky pondering “ He did not know what tomorrow would look like . He hoped it was better than today. ” I find myself eager for the next installment wondering and hoping the same .
Author Bio
N. S. Dolkart is a graduate of Hampshire College in Amherst , Massachusetts where he studied creative writing and Jewish studies . Silent Hall is his first novel . You can find Noah online at his website : nsdolkart.wordpress.com , and on Twitter @ N_S_Dolkart .
* * *
If you liked this article , then consider supporting me via my Patreon site . Even a small pledge helps .
This article was made possible thanks to support from my patrons :
Rachel Racicot
Tyler Whitesides
Patrick Casey
Nathaniel E. Baker
Amy Henry
Wckr Spgt
Advertisements
A major credit-rating agency is warning Ontario must do more to either control spending or jack up revenues if it hopes to get its budget back to balance .
Standard & Poor 's on Monday opted to leave the province 's rating unchanged , at AA– for long-term debt and A-1+ for short term credit with a negative outlook , sparing the Liberal government a downgrade just a week after reintroducing its budget . In a note , the agency cautioned that it could lower the province 's rating in the next year if it does not see progress towards the balanced budget .
`` We believe Ontario 's current budget plan to restore budgetary balance by fiscal 2018 may not be achievable unless the province implements additional revenue measures or takes more aggressive cost-containment initiatives in the next three fiscal years , '' the note read . `` We expect to see these measures introduced in the coming months following the June election of a majority Liberal government . ''
Story continues below advertisement
The Liberal plan to erase red ink mostly involves aggressively controlling costs : the budget promises the government will find hundreds of millions of dollars in savings , and limit spending growth to just 1.1 per cent . There are few details , however , on where cuts will be made . The budget also hikes income taxes on people making over $ 150,000 per year and jacks up levies on airplane fuel and tobacco .
S & P 's doubts that it will be possible to squeeze spending to the extent that the Liberals are promising , making a bigger tax hike necessary .
`` In our opinion , it is a challenge for any province to sustain this low growth rate in spending , due to continuing pressures in health care and education . As a result , the government will likely have to look to revenue measures to bridge the gap , '' the note said .
Ontario 's rating is the third-highest Standard & Poor 's category . Among Canadian provinces , it is two notches below triple-A rated British Columbia , Alberta and Saskatchewan , and one step up from Quebec .
The province also holds the third-highest rating with Moody 's . That agency two weeks ago changed its outlook on the province to `` negative , '' warning that it must see actual progress on erasing the deficit , and not just promises .
Economists and finance experts generally agree that the province 's debt is manageable . Although it is high in absolute terms – one of the largest among sub-sovereign jurisdictions – the province 's debt-to-GDP ratio is in the mid-range , at 39 per cent . The province 's economic growth , however , has been sluggish , meaning the government can not rely on economic expansion to erase the deficit .
A couple of weeks ago , I put up a post about the absurd method in which the drug laws allow law enforcement officials to determine the quantity of an illicit drug for which a suspect can be charged . The laws are n't written to punish offenders for the amount of a given drug they have made available to the public ( or , put another way , for the amount of harm they have done ) . They 're written to inflict the maximum possible amount of punishment .
Here 's a good example of how that can play out , first reported by KEYE in Austin :
A Texas man accused of making and selling marijuana brownies is facing up to life in prison if convicted . That 's because officials in Round Rock have charged him with a first-degree felony . It 's a move that the man 's family and attorney outraged . “ It 's outrageous . It 's crazy . I do n't understand it , ” Joe Lavoro , the man 's father said . Like many familiar with the case , Joe does not understand why his son is in so much legal trouble . The first of what may be many court appearances for Jacob Lavoro was Thursday morning . The 19-year-old is accused of making and selling pot brownies . He 's charged with a first degree felony . “ Five years to life ? I 'm sorry . I 'm a law abiding citizen . I 'm a conservative . I love my country . I 'm a Vietnam veteran , but I 'll be * * * * ed . This is wrong . This is * * * n wrong ! ” the father said .
Lavoro 's lawyer agrees . “ I was outraged . I 've been doing this 22 years as a lawyer and I 've got 10 years as a police officer and I 've never seen anything like this before , ” Jack Holmes , Lavoro 's attorney said . The former high school football player has a clean record . The charge is so severe because the recipe includes hash oil . That allows the state to use the sugar , cocoa , butter and other ingredients to determine the weight of the drugs . “ They 've weighed baked goods in this case . It ought to be a misdemeanor , ” Holmes said .
It 's unlikely that he will actually get a life sentence . But the threat of a life sentence does give the prosecutor a better hand when negotiating a plea bargain . So if the harsher sentence is unlikely but could help persuade a guilty person to admit to his or her crime , what 's the harm ? Well , as it turns out , the threat of decades in prison can also be awfully persuasive in getting innocent people to plead guilty to lesser charges .
Should this guy go to trial and lose , the ability to bring a charge that could carry life puts a heavy weight on the side of severity when the judge is determining his sentence . I 'd argue that any felony conviction or prison time for selling pot brownies is outrageous . But when weighed against the possibility of life in prison , a judge and prosecutor could leave this guy with a felony record , a year in prison and five years of probation , and come off looking downright reasonable .
You probably heard of the SC tournament of custom Artificial Intelligence bots called SSCAI . It comes with live streams , achievement system , unlockable portraits for bots and so on . That kind of stuff . Several people from this forum participate in it . The overall goal is to get more young people into Game AI research .
Anyway , the SSCAI 2013 is starting now , together with this launch campaign where you can unlock cool bunuses and decide what will be happening this year . For example :
FFA games with neutral HERO units bearing names of you guys and attacking everything
Cooperative bot games against Blizzard 's native AI
Human vs. Machine games featuring AI bots against decent human players
Online bot programming courses
Go and check it out here ( VIDEO INSIDE ) . You can also :
get to play against custom artificial intelligence bots ,
appear in-game as a hero ,
decide what chat messages the bots will type in ,
get some badass T-Shirts ,
advertise on the TWITCH streams , etc .
If you want to support the young community around Game AI research , go check it out ! Also , if you know your Java or C++ , consider participating ( we 're still accepting the bot submissions and you can find the tutorial on the tournament web ) .
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi today made explosive attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi claiming that he was paid huge money in kickbacks during his stint as Gujarat chief minister .
Gandhi said that Modi received crores from a big corporate house and demanded an independent probe into the matter . He said the company paid money to PM Modi on at least occasions within a period of six months .
Gandhi , who had recently claimed to be in possession of evidence regarding Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's personal involvement in corruption , also attacked the Centre over demonetisation calling it an anti-poor move during a rally in Gujarat 's Mehsana .
He said that the Income Tax department raided a company on 22 November , 2014 and the records of raid are with the department for the last two and half years yet no action has been taken . `` An independent enquiry must be initiated , '' Rahul Gandhi said .
`` As per record with I-T , Rs 2.5 crore was given to PM Modi on 30 Oct 2013 ; Rs 5 crore on 12 November 2013 ; Rs 2.5 crore on 27 November 2013 ; Rs 5 crore on 29 November 2013 , '' Gandhi claimed .
HERE 'S WHAT RAHUL GANDHI SAID :
If Narendra Modi ji 's government takes any big or small step to eradicate corruption , Congress party will support them . Demonetisation move wasnt made against corruption or black money ; it was against the honest poor people . All cash is not black money and all black money is not in cash . This government is anti-poor , anti-dalits . The government has snatched land from tribals in states like Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand . Dalits are being harassed and killed . They live in fear here in Gujarat . Patidars did n't resort to violence during their protests but their women and children were thrashed . The Switzerland government has sent names of black money hoarders to PM Modi but he is protecting them . Why do n't you ( PM Modi ) reveal the names in Parliament ? Do n't know why Modiji did not target the 94 % of black money but the other 6 per cent , did not target the 1 per cent corrupt but 99 per cent hones people . The demonetisation move was not a surgical strike on black money , it was fire-bombing on the poor . A farmer does not purchase his seeds by cheque or card but in cash , you ( Modi ) have taken away that cash from them .
`` We are pretty much unconditionally ready for a debate in Parliament . The government is not allowing me to speak . I have personal information about PM Modi 's corruption . He is personally terrified . He can not run away from the House , '' Gandhi had said last week .
ALSO READ :
Demonetisation : My speech will cause earthquake , says Rahul Gandhi
UP battleground : PM Modi , Rahul Gandhi exchange war of words Rahul Gandhi lacks guts to expose Modi , says Kejriwal
WATCH VIDEO :
The Smoking Gun has dug up some entertaining testimony from the trial of David Kernell , the 22 year-old hacker convicted of breaking in to then vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's email in 2008 .
Specifically , it 's the testimony of Christopher 'Moot ' Poole , founder and administrator of 4Chan , the image board on which Palin 's password was posted .
Moot was called in to testify about 4Chan and the data he turned over to investigators . But , for some reason , both the prosecution and defense felt the need to question him about 4Chan slang . Nothing in the rest of the testimony makes it clear why these questions needed to be asked , but they 're a lot of fun :
( UPDATE : A number of commenters asked where they could find the full testimony , so we 've embedded it here . )
UPDATE : Read the full testimony here .
Photo
There 's been quite a lot of commentary about the Hamilton Project conference on robots and all that . Let me just add my two cents about the “ framing paper “ .
What strikes me about this paper — and in general what one still hears from many people inside the Beltway — is the continuing urge to make this mainly a story about the skills gap , of not enough workers having higher education or maybe the right kind of education . The paper acknowledges , sort of , that the trends people thought they saw in the 1990s are n't visible in later data , but then jumps right back into discussing education as the solution as if nothing had happened .
But if my math is right , the 90s ended 15 years ago — and since then wages of the highly educated have stagnated . Why on earth are we still hearing the same rhetoric about education as the solution to inequality and unemployment ?
The answer , I 'm sorry to say , is surely that it sounds serious . But , you know , it is n't .
Is Higher Income Inequality Associated with Lower Intergenerational Mobility ?
A lot of our political debate boils down to questions about equality of outcomes versus equality of opportunity . But it turns out that they 're pretty closely related . Take a look at the chart below , which is from a terrific recent speech ( with charts ! ) by Alan Krueger :
The horizontal axis shows the Gini coefficient , which is a summary of the degree of income inequality for each country . I think of this as a measure of inequality of outcomes . The United States sits out there on the right , which says that we have high inequality , which I bet that does n't surprise you .
The vertical axis shows a measure of intergenerational mobility , which summarizes the relationship between your income and your parents . A score of zero means that we have equality of opportunity — the kids of rich people earn as much as the kids of the poor . A high number of means that the rich parents have rich kids and poor parents have poor kids . The U.S. has a score of 0.4 which means that , on average , you pass on 40 % of your economic advantage to your kids : if I earn $ 100,000 more than you , then on average , my kids will earn $ 40,000 more than your kids . So I think of this as a measure of inequality of opportunity . You 'll notice that the U.S. also scores high on this measure . Americans are often surprised to learn that in the land of opportunity , your life outcomes are largely determined by your parents .
It 's striking just how closely related inequality and mobility are . And it 's political dynamite . Why ? If income inequality in one generation can be linked to unequal opportunity in the next , then income inequality ca n't just be dismissed as the politics of envy . My bet is that this chart that will launch a thousand papers , as economists try to sort out just what these linkages are . Whatever the answer , it will transform our thinking about inequality .
But in the political arena , the first instinct is to deny . And so not surprisingly , this chart has led to a wonk-fight . If you want the dirty details , here 's Scott Winship 's critique , Miles Corak 's reply , Winship 's counter , and Corak 's response . I score this fight for Corak . It 's not even close : he 's the leading figure in international comparisons of mobility , and he 's put together the best data around . Other authors and other datasets yield the same conclusions .
There 's a broader lesson here for what we learn from these sorts of data debates . Basically , Winship has a bunch of complaints about how the data are constructed — and many are valid . He says that it 's difficult to construct internationally comparable measures of income inequality – that the chart should use inequality from an earlier era , and that only some types of inequality would generate immobility . He also points out that mobility is difficult to measure : the data come from different countries with different researchers using different methods . It 's a standard play from the wonk-fight playbook : throw lots of mud at the data , and hope that this leads people to mistrust the conclusions that follow .
Here 's the thing : his criticisms actually strengthen the original finding .
Think about it . Imagine how strong the “ true ” relationship must be if it shows up even when using only rough proxies for the “ true ” levels of inequality and immobility . In light of Winship 's criticisms , the high correlation in this chart is all the more remarkable . If his gripes are correct , then graph understates the correlation between inequality and mobility .
Now there 's one more possibility to consider . If mis-measurement of inequality were related to mis-measurement of mobility , then the chart could reflect correlation in these measurement errors . But the two measures come from different datasets , different researchers , and different methods — so that 's pretty unlikely . And the measurement errors involved are n't big enough to drive a correlation this strong .
Predictably enough , I spent yesterday reading lefty blogs trumpeting Corak 's analysis , and right-leaning blogs who did n't want to believe the inequality-mobility link , endorsing Winship . But both missed the bigger picture implications . Either you 're convinced by Corak that the data can be trusted , and that they show there 's a strong link between actual inequality and actual mobility . Or you believe Winship that the data are a pretty poor proxy for what 's really happening , and so there 's actually a very strong link that 's being disguised by imperfect data .
Samsung 's latest hard drive — the 950 Pro SSD — is the fastest consumer SSD it 's ever made . By incorporating V-NAND and NVMe technology ( that 's Non-Volatile Memory Host Controller Interface for the non-acronym crowd ) , the 950 Pro can offer sequential read speeds of up to 2,500MBps and sequential write speeds as fast as 1,500MBps . That 's hellishly good , more than four times the read speed of its predecessor , the 850 Pro , and three times to write speed . It even beats Samsung 's previous top performer , the OEM-only SM951 , in terms of read speed . The 950 Pro will be available in retailers this October , with prices for the 256GB version starting at $ 199.99 , and $ 349.99 for the 512GB model .
As Ars Technica points out , the 950 Pro 's performance is thanks in part to Samsung 's use of NVMe rather than AHCI ( Advanced Host Controller Interface ) technology . Many SSDs still use the older AHCI standard , designed by Intel in 2004 for traditional , spinning hard drives , and this hobbles performance on low-latency NAND chips . The 950 Pro also uses the newer M.2 form factor ( otherwise known as a `` gumstick '' because of its shape and size ) , and PCI-Express rather than a SATA interface . Essentially , Samsung is throwing pretty much all the latest tech into the 950 Pro , making it a flagship product to be reckoned with . In the context of the revival we 're seeing of PC gaming and Intel 's new , powerful Skylake chips , the specialist home computer is putting on some serious muscle when it comes to performance .
GREEN RIVER — The plot has thickened in the case of the Utah Boy Scout leader caught on tape knocking over an ancient rock formation in Goblin Valley State Park .
Glenn Taylor claimed he was protecting people from the fragile rock just weeks after he filed a lawsuit saying he suffered serious , permanent and debilitating injuries in a car crash four years ago .
Alan MacDonald and his 16-year-old daughter , Cassie MacDonald , who was the driver of the car that hit Taylor 's vehicle , are named in the lawsuit . The MacDonalds are outraged over the video of Taylor pushing the heavy rock .
`` I was surprised that the man who pushed over this 2,000-pound rock formation was the one suing me for disability , '' Cassie said .
According to court documents , the car accident that Taylor claims caused his injuries happened four years ago . Three other cars including Taylor 's were hit , but Cassie and her dad said no one has pressed charges until now .
I was surprised that the man who pushed over this 2,000-pound rock formation was the one suing me for disability . –Cassie MacDonald
Cassie , a junior at BYU , and her father have n't yet been served with lawsuit papers . MacDonald was only recently notified of the case by his insurance company .
The father and daughter saw the viral video of Taylor wiggling and pushing over the boulder , but until this weekend , they did n't realize it was the same man suing them for more than $ 5,000 in medical costs for `` great pain and suffering , disability , impairment , ( and ) loss of joys of life . ''
In September , 2009 , Cassie was driving her mother 's Nissan Armada in American Fork . She said the speed limit was about 35 miles per hour . It was raining . When she saw cars stopped ahead , she said she tried to brake and slid into four cars including Taylor 's . No one involved , according to Cassie , reported injuries or filed suit .
`` Only Mr. Taylor knows the reason why it took four years to file a lawsuit , '' Alan said .
KSL was unable to reach Taylor 's attorney for comment . In a previous interview with KSL , one of the troop leaders claimed the rock was pushed over for the safety of others in the park . A Utah State Parks spokesperson has asked that possible criminal charges be considered .
×
Photos
Related Stories
The U.S. and its allies have unleashed a massive air campaign in Afghanistan , launching missiles and bombs from the sky at a rate rarely seen since the war 's earliest days . In October alone , NATO planes fired their weapons on 1,000 separate missions , U.S. Air Force statistics provided to Danger Room show . Since Gen. David Petraeus took command of the war effort in late June , coalition aircraft have flown 2,600 attack sorties . That 's 50 % more than they did during the same period in 2009 . Not surprisingly , civilian casualties are on the rise , as well .
NATO officials say the increase in air attacks is simply a natural outgrowth of a more aggressive campaign to push militants out of their strongholds in southern Afghanistan . `` Simply put , our air strikes have increased because our operations have increased . We 've made a concentrated effort in the south to clear out the insurgency and therefore have increased our number of troops on the ground and aircraft to support them in this effort , '' Lt. Nicole Schwegman , a NATO spokesperson , tells Danger Room .
On the other hand , some outside observers believe the strikes are part of an attempt to soften up the insurgency before negotiations with them begin in earnest . But one thing is clear : it 's a strategy Petraeus has used before . Once he took over the Iraq war effort , air strikes jumped nearly sevenfold .
Next month , the Obama administration is set to review the strategy for the Afghanistan campaign . Petraeus ' newly-aggressive approachwill almost certainly part of that examination . It 's a dramatic reversal from Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's strategy , which drastically restricted the use of air power – even when troops came under fire .
But the new general is doing more than launching an expanded air war . He 's also unleashing special operations forces to go after militants on the ground . According to Petraeus ' team , those commandos conducted more than 1,500 operations in 90 days ending October 21 . 339 insurgent leaders were killed or captured , as were 3,444 militant footsoldiers .
The ultimate goal of this aggression , ironically , may be a peace deal . * The New York Times ' * Dexter Filkins is one of several veteran observers of the war that sees the push as `` a coordinated effort by American commanders to bleed the insurgency and pressure its leaders to negotiate an end to the war . ''
But in the meantime , more innocents are getting caught in the cross-fire . Schwegman emails Danger Room that `` while our air strikes have gone up , our incident rate of causing civilian casualties has actually decreased . As you know , our main principle in our counterinsurgency strategy is to protect the civilian population first and foremost . ''
According to NATO statistics , however , 49 by-standers were killed or wounded by coalition forces last month , compared to 38 last October . It 's an increase of 30 % . The militants ' civilian toll has gone up at a similar rate . But the insurgents have been far more ruthless , far more callous about innocent life . They killed or wounded 322 civilians last month – four times as many as the coalition .
NATO has escalated its air campaign in Afghanistan before – most notably in the early summer of 2008 , when coalition aircraft went on 2,366 attack missions . But each rise has been followed by a dip , often because the civilian costs of the air operations grew too high . In 2004 , for example , then-commander Gen. David Barno halted all pre-planned air operations after a number of the strikes went awry , slaying innocents . `` I was very concerned that if killing local Taliban leaders with airstrikes produced civilian casualties , the tactical benefit would not offset the strategic damage it did to our cause , '' Barno later said . After U.S. aircraft killed as many as 97 civilians in a single incident in May 2009 , McChrystal imposed his tight guidelines on air power . Whether a similar constriction will happen after this current air campaign remains to be seen .
Photo : USAF
See Also :
Nataliya Vasilyeva , The Associated Press
MOSCOW -- In Russia , giving one 's spouse a slap is nothing extraordinary for many people . This week , the Russian parliament is expected to take a step closer toward decriminalizing it altogether .
Battery is a criminal offence in Russia , but nearly 20 per cent of Russians openly say they think it is sometimes OK to hit a spouse or a child . In a bid to accommodate conservative voters , deputies in the lower house of parliament have given initial approval to a bill eliminating criminal liability for domestic violence that stops short of serious bodily harm or rape .
If the measure passes its second reading in the Duma on Wednesday , when the draft can be changed , approval in the third and final reading would be a foregone conclusion . From the Duma , it would proceed to the upper house , largely a rubber-stamp body , and then to President Vladimir Putin 's desk .
Data on domestic violence in Russia are obscure , but Interior Ministry statistics show that 40 per cent of all violent crimes in Russia are committed in family surroundings . In 2013 , more than 9,000 women were reported to have been killed in incidents of domestic violence .
The bill stems from a Supreme Court ruling last summer to decriminalize battery that does n't inflict bodily harm , but to retain criminal charges for those accused of battery against family members . Conservative activists objected , saying the ruling meant a parent spanking a child could be punished more harshly than a non-relative striking the child .
Ultra-conservative lawmaker Yelena Mizulina , who also authored Russia 's `` gay propaganda '' ban , then introduced the bill to decriminalize domestic violence . It initially was shelved after a disapproving review from the government .
Tables turned at the end of the year when a journalist from a conservative publication pressed Putin about it at his annual news conference .
`` If the father spanks his child for a good reason as a means of education , a traditional Russian one , he will be sentenced to two years in prison -- and if a neighbour does this , he will get away with a fine ! '' the journalist told Putin .
Putin replied that `` it 's better not to spank children and refer to some traditions , '' but then said , `` We should not go overboard with it ( punishment for battery ) . It 's not good , it harms families . ''
The bill would make battery on a family member punishable by a fine of less than 30,000 rubles ( $ 500 ) or a 15-day arrest .
The Moscow-based Anna Center foundation , which runs Russia 's only domestic violence hotline , received more than 5,000 calls last year . The foundation says many more calls that go unanswered since the line operates only between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m .
The Duma bill `` is not going to improve the situation to say the least , '' said Irina Matvienko , who runs the hotline .
`` Domestic violence is a system which makes it difficult for a woman to seek help , '' she said . `` It 's not a traditional value . It 's a crime. ``
Calls to the Anna Center hotline show that a lot of Russian women initially do n't even realize that domestic violence is an offence , Matvienko says .
A survey this month by state-run pollster VTsIOM showed that 19 per cent of Russians say `` it can be acceptable '' to hit one 's wife , husband or child `` in certain circumstances . '' The nationwide poll by phone of 1,800 people was held Jan. 13-15 . The survey had a margin of error of 2.5 percentage points .
Russian police are notoriously reluctant to react to domestic violence calls , which many regards as meddling in family affairs . Prosecutors in November began investigating a police officer who took a call from a woman complaining about her boyfriend 's aggressive behaviour . Instead of offering help , the officer reportedly told the woman that the police would only come if she got killed . Shortly thereafter , the man beat the woman to death , prosecutors say .
Activist Alyona Popova , whose online petition against the bill has attracted more than 180,000 signatures , sees the efforts to decriminalize domestic violence as a continuation of the Kremlin 's increasingly aggressive policies after several repressive laws targeting various groups , from foreign-funded NGOs to gay people .
`` I think it 's part of an overall ideology : aggression and violence are on the rise in society in general since war is everywhere and we 're surrounded by enemies , '' Popova said , referring to the state media narrative that portrays Russia as a besieged fortress .
Council of Europe Secretary-General Thorbjorn Jagland earlier this week sent a letter to the speakers of both houses of Russia 's parliament , expressing deep concern at the legislation . Duma speaker Vyacheslav Volodin dismissed the letter as an `` unacceptable '' attempt to influence parliament .
Olga Batalina , one of the bill 's co-authors , said in the Duma last week that the penalty for battery should be lenient for acts of violence `` committed in an emotional conflict , without malice , without grave consequences . ''
`` Battery does n't even involve grave bodily harm . We 're only talking about bruises , scratches , which is bad , too , of course , '' Batalina said .
The comment rattled some lawmakers .
`` Has anyone tried going around with a bruise for a week ? '' deputy Oleg Nilov asked Batalina at the hearing . `` Does anyone think it 's OK ? ''
There have n't been any significant protests against the bill so far .
Activist Popova is not surprised : discussing domestic violence still is taboo in Russia .
`` Society is judgmental , '' she said . `` It goes like this : you 're a bad woman if you allow this to happen to you , or you 're airing dirty laundry and you 're to blame , or if he beats you it means he loves you . And a lot of people do n't want to go public about it . ''
I am a transgender Latina who is working toward ordination as a Lutheran pastor . I understand that while my ethnic identity and status as a transgender woman do not afford me a significant amount of privilege , I can claim the privilege of being a Christian .
People frequently ask me how I can reconcile my gender identity with my deep , personal faith in Jesus Christ . I respond by referring to the story about Philip and the Ethiopian eunuch ( Acts 8:26-39 ) . For me , this story provides an understanding for living at the intersection of faith , race , and gender identity .
I know this piece of scripture like the back of my hand . The angel sends Philip down the road and tells him to join an Ethiopian eunuch in the chariot . Philip then leads the eunuch through a Bible study that culminates in baptism , making the Ethiopian eunuch the first gentile to be baptized in Acts .
As they are traveling , Philip and the Ethiopian eunuch study Isaiah 53:7-8 , which details one servant 's willingness to submit to suffering that results in exaltation . This verse also reminds me of another significant verse , Psalm 139:13-14 :
For it was you who formed my inward parts ; you knit me together in my mother 's womb . I praise you , for I am fearfully and wonderfully made . Wonderful are your works ; that I know very well .
It is from that Bible story that I have developed my standard sermon on living at the intersection of oppressions . It goes something like this :
The eunuch was returning to Ethiopia from Jerusalem , where they had been to worship at the Temple . The court official would not have been permitted to worship in the Temple , not because of race , but because of gender identity .
For you see , “ eunuch ” typically refers to a person who may have been surgically altered , was impotent , celibate , or otherwise unlikely to procreate . Therefore a eunuch was permitted in the courtyard , but could not enter the inner sanctum of the Temple .
Philip told the eunuch about the love and acceptance found through Christ . When the eunuch heard the good news , they were compelled to become a follower of Jesus and requested baptism . Who was Philip to stand in the way ? Philip gave that beautiful child of God a reason to worship and love the Lord and that person was given the gift of grace through baptism .
As a transgender Latina , a person of color whose gender identity does not fit neatly into a binary , this passage tells me I can be baptized for I am a child of God .
Being a seminary student has also given me further peace and instruction on how to reconcile my complex identity .
Specifically , my exploration of Liberation Theology has illustrated the deep love my creator has for me and for all creation . Gustavo Gutierrez , the father of Liberation Theology , has opened my eyes to how God works in my life .
In his book , On Job , Gutierrez makes the case that we can not “ work ” ourselves into God 's good graces . We can not do anything to earn the love of God , for God 's love is freely given . All we have to do is have faith . When we truly believe and accept God 's forgiveness , we are compelled to love and help each other .
Gutierrez emphasizes the idea that God has a “ special love for the disinherited , the exploited of human history. ” As a transgender Latina and through my work as a therapist , I have seen the oppression of the transgender community . Who should we turn to ? I turn to God , for I see the love for the poor and the oppressed in the life and death of Jesus Christ .
Jesus was pretty radical . He told us to love each other as we love ourselves . Jesus defied social convention when he ate with tax collectors and spoke to women . He healed the sick and raised the dead . Jesus had a group of followers who really believed he was the Son of God and a group of detractors who ultimately plotted his death .
But as the Apostle 's Creed states , Jesus “ will come to judge the living and the dead. ” We mortals do not get to judge who is a sinner and who is not . Still , we mortals like to judge each other and use scripture to do it . The Old Testament gives us 613 commandments to live by , so condemning each other is pretty easy .
I am a sinner because I wear a cross around my neck — idolatry . I have eaten bacon and lobster — a violation of dietary laws . I could go on and on , but my point is , we are all sinners . There is no way around it , so how do we pick and choose what laws to follow ?
Jesus answered that question for us in Matthew 22 :
He [ Jesus ] said to him , “ ‘ You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . ' This is the greatest and first commandment . And a second is like it : ‘ You shall love your neighbor as yourself . ' On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets .
It is hard for us to let go of all laws and rely on our love of God and the love of our neighbor to save us from our sinful lives , but Jesus told us that is what we need to do . We do not have to do anything to earn God 's love .
As a Lutheran , I believe I am given the gift of grace — the unconditional love and forgiveness of God . People too often think God can only love a finite number of people . But the God I believe in has an infinite amount of forgiveness and love .
God appears to everyone in different ways , and everyone who believes in God is a beautiful child of God . All we can do is love God in return .
Who you love on this earth or how you appear to other people does not matter in the eyes of God . In other words , your sexual orientation , gender identity or expression , your political party affiliation , and the car you drive do not matter to God . What matters is what is in your heart and how you treat the people in your life .
The Ethiopian eunuch knew what it was like to be excluded , but Philip gave that beautiful child of God the opportunity to worship and love the Lord . I pray to a God who loves me for I , too , was made perfectly in my mother 's womb . The journey I 've traveled has been difficult , but my God never stopped having faith in me .
If you want to see the image of God , just take a look in the mirror . You are the perfect reflection of God .
Image courtesy of Shutterstock .
Let be a finite CW complex with vertices , edges , and in general different -cells . The Euler characteristic
is a fundamental invariant of , and the observation that it is homotopy invariant is the appropriate generalization of Euler 's formula for a convex polyhedron . But where exactly does this expression come from ? The modern story involves the homology groups , but actually one can work on a more intuitive level characterized by the following slogan :
The Euler characteristic is a homotopy-invariant generalization of cardinality .
More precisely , the above expression for Euler characteristic can be deduced from three simple axioms :
Cardinality : . Homotopy invariance : If , then . Inclusion-exclusion : Suppose is the union of two subcomplexes whose intersection is a subcomplex of both and . Then .
Of course , this is n't enough to conclude that there actually exists an invariant with these properties . Nevertheless , it 's enough to motivate the search for a proof that such an invariant exists .
Some examples
First , a word about the type of spaces we 're dealing with . It is too restrictive to work with simplicial complexes , since the axiom that two simplices intersect in a face is quite strong ; for example , two points joined by two edges is not a simplicial complex , although the above result applies just fine to it . The ideas we 're describing apply to a generalization of simplicial complexes in which two simplices are allowed to intersect in a union of faces . For practical purposes , we 're dealing with spaces that can be constructed from a finite number of simplices by gluing along faces ( or which are homotopy equivalent to such things ) , and we 'll refer to the interior of an -simplex as an -cell . For example , a solid tetrahedron is a -simplex and consists of one -cell , four -cells , six -cells , and four -cells .
As a sanity check , the inclusion-exclusion axiom implies that , so in particular the Euler characteristic of a finite set of points is just its cardinality .
The interval is contractible , hence . Another way to see this is that the interval can be written as the union of two intervals whose intersection is a point , so , hence . Note that can be written as a collection of points joined by edges , and .
The circle can be written as the union of two intervals whose intersection consists of two points , hence . If you believe that the Euler characteristic exists , it follows that is not contractible . Note that can be written as a collection of points joined by edges , and .
Now let be a connected finite -complex ( graph ) with vertices and edges . Any such graph has a spanning tree , and contracting along that spanning tree gives a wedge sum of circles . This wedge sum in turn can be written as where consists of an interval taken from each circle , is the closure of the complement of , which is contractible , and consists of points . It follows that
.
Intuitively , any edge can potentially cancel out a point via a homotopy , so it makes sense that edges count for . However , note that we can not extend the Euler characteristic to spaces like the open interval without losing homotopy invariance .
Two-dimensional examples
The sphere can be written as the union of two disks ( the northern and southern hemispheres ) , which are contractible , whose intersection is a circle , hence . Note that the sphere can be obtained by gluing a single point to a -cell , so the -cell appears to be contributing .
Why might -cells do this ? One intuition is that -cells act as “ higher edges ” between edges . Take the space obtained from two points with two edges between them by gluing a -cell in between the edges . This space is the disk , but by contracting the -cell we get a deformation to an interval : in other words , the -cell has been used to cancel out a -cell , so it counts for minus what a -cell counts for , or . In the lingo of higher category theory , if -cells are morphisms between -cells , then -cells are -morphisms between -cells .
The torus can be written as the quotient of a square obtained by identifying opposite edges in the same orientation . ( Intuitively this corresponds to curling up the square once into a cylinder , then joining the two ends of the cylinder together . ) We can therefore write it as where is a small disc cut out of the middle of the square , is , and deformation retracts onto its -skeleton ( the complex obtained by only looking at the cells of dimension or lower ) . This turns out to be the wedge of two circles , whence and . Note that the torus has a CW-structure with , and .
Let denote the -holed torus . By pinching off a part containing one hole , we can write it as where is a torus minus a disc , , and is minus a disc . Inclusion-exclusion gives , and we know that satisfies , so it follows by inclusion-exclusion that . Together with the base case , we conclude by induction that
It turns out that we can obtain by identifying certain pairs of sides in a -gon . It follows that it has a CW-structure with , and as expected .
The proof
Having built some intuition , we are now ready to dive into the proof . Our current intuition is that -cells can at least potentially cancel out -cells up to homotopy , hence if Euler characteristic behaves additively on cells , an -cell should count for by induction . To carry out this intuition we will work by induction and use inclusion-exclusion to remove all of the top-dimensional cells . Thus let be an -dimensional finite complex with different -cells . We want to remove a small ball from each -cell ; balls are contractible , so . The intersection of this ball and the closure of its complement is the sphere , and after removing a small ball we can retract each -cell onto the lower-dimensional cells it 's attached to , so it follows that , if denotes the -skeleton of , we have
so it remains to compute . Again , by looking at two hemispheres , we can write as where are both homeomorphic to and is the equator , which is homeomorphic to . Explicitly , if , then we can take . It follows that
and since it follows by induction that , which gives
and the result follows by induction .
Existence
So how do we prove that the Euler characteristic exists ? Given the existing discussion , a standard proof proceeds by showing that the Euler characteristic is equal to the alternating sum
where they are , depending on your preferences , the singular or simplicial homology groups , which are homotopy-invariant . This is usually done with a mildly unenlightening computation , but given what we know we can cheat : the above alternating sum satisfies inclusion-exclusion because of the Mayer-Vietoris sequence ( and the fact that the Euler characteristic of an exact sequence vanishes ) , and it obviously satisfies the cardinality axiom , so by homotopy invariance it must be the Euler characteristic .
Of course there is much more to say on this subject . The Euler characteristic figures in many fundamental theorems of topology and geometry , including the Poincare-Hopf theorem and the Gauss-Bonnet theorem . I hope to say more about the Euler characteristic in future posts .
Advertisements
BARCELONA—Hardware is hard . Nobody knows that more than Saygus , a start-up phone maker that is at this point a cautionary tale in how hard it is to build your dreams . Here at Mobile World Congress , though , Saygus founder Chad Sayers insists the long wait is over—and the Saygus V Squared smartphone will finally start to appear next month .
`` We expect to have the first 3,000 finished and ready in the first shipping phase next month , '' Sayers said . The phone will enter the FCC 's testing labs the second week of March , he said . Take this with a grain of salt .
Saygus raised $ 1.3 million in an Indiegogo campaign to support the V Squared last year . At this show , Sayers unraveled a sad tale of multiple failed Chinese manufacturing partners . This is why I 'm nervous about other phone start-ups like Nextbit , by the way . Sayers said that Saygus has been through five manufacturing partners , variously being delayed , having contractual issues or just plain being ignored by the manufacturers that were supposed to produce it .
`` We got hung up twice in the last year [ with manufacturers , ] '' Sayers said . `` We sat for four weeks waiting for a working sample , and week number five , said 'you 're gone . ' That was three manufacturers ago , '' he said .
Even if it does appear soon , the V Squared 's long , long road to market may still make it a tough sell . The latest version of the phone is a slightly ruggedized , water-and-soap-proof Android 6.0 phone with dual-SIM card slots , dual MicroSD card slots , 60GHz wireless HDMI , and a USB-C 3.0 port . The phone runs mostly stock Android , and is rootable with an unlocked bootloader .
Other specs include a 5-inch 1080p display , 3GB of RAM and 64GB of storage , 21-megapixel and 13-megapixel cameras , an IR transciever , a remoavble 3100mAh battery and wireless charging . This all looked really stunning in early 2015 , but less shocking in early 2016 , especially once you hear Sayers say the phone will probably cost $ 650 .
Saygus has also stuck with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor , which makes the phone look old . Sayers said the 801 still has great performance , and he 's right , but it 's still an old chip . A new version of the Saygus , available by Christmas , may have the newer Snapdragon 820 , he said .
`` This chipset is awesome ; we saw nothing to upgrade to until the 820 , '' Saygus 's Jason Player said .
The phone will support LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/25/26/41 , which makes it compatible with all four of the U.S. carriers ' networks . It will also support both GSM and CDMA , and Saygus is still working towards getting certified by Verizon , Sayers said .
Given that Saygus is the phone company which has been crying wolf practically since the pre-industrial era , I 'd be very cautious about assuming that this phone will actually come to market . But if it does , I 'll be very happily surprised . It 'll be the end of a long road .
Characters of Primal Dawn
by Loregoyle
Emerging stories and characters from Entrath !
William Rowan
A number of characters from the first HEX novel have made appearances in our card sets , including Periwinkle , Alwyn , and the ever-tricksy Windsinger , Master of the Hunt .
In Primal Dawn , the Accidental Knight himself finally gets his own card ! William , along with his soul-bonded Great Wolf Rowan , make an unstoppable combination . Just as Rowan desperately searched for William in the novel , the Great Wolf will do whatever she can to reunite with William on the battlefield .
If you have n't yet read The Accidental Knight , written by New York Times bestselling author Christie Golden , click here to get a copy for your Kindle , Nook , or iBook .
Forever 's Child
Curious and stubborn . Giggly and moody . Enthusiastic and anxious . Orchadia , the Primal of Youth , is known to embody the peculiarities of childhood .
Unlike other Primals , whose Avatars often take the form of exotic beings such as angels and demons , Orchadia 's Avatars look like normal children . They will sometimes appear where groups of kids are playing , integrating seamlessly into their games , the other children having no idea who the Avatars actually are . Unlike normal children , the Avatars of Orchadia never reach adulthood , forever enraptured in the wonder and restlessness of youth .
Orchadia has a fascination with the vivid intensity of children 's dreams . If a young one is prone to have particularly scary nightmares , Orchadia will summon a spirit monster known as an “ orchin ” to comfort the child . The orchin will stay with the child for weeks or even months , speaking in a unique language that only the two of them can understand . Orchins are invisible to adults , and when the child reaches the age of adolescence , they will completely forget about the spirit friend that once stepped out their dreams .
Gobblers
“ Gobblers are much like living cannonballs with wings and teeth . They fly at unimaginable speeds , to the point where they seem to flicker in and out of existence before one can even comprehend what they have seen . This makes study of these creatures exceedingly difficult , as does their aggressive disposition .
One might think that the moniker ‘ gobbler ' comes from their propensity to try and eat anything and everything they can manage in their exceedingly brief lives , but that is not entirely accurate . Gobblers do seem to have a meager intelligence and chatter at each other in a primitive language . Much of what they say seem to be derivatives of a word that sounds like ‘ gobble ' and is spoken in a deafening screech .
As absurd as it may seem , the gobblers apparently have a chieftain , or commander , or whatever these annoying beasties would call a leader . Its name is Bogberg , and while the gobbler chieftain does n't seem to be smarter than any other of its kind , he is treated with a certain ( I hesitate to use this word in regard to such odious creatures ) … reverence .
My advice in defending yourself against gobblers ? I have none , unfortunately . By the time you realize one is close , you have likely already been bitten . ”
-from the journal of Lord Bernard P. Dunthorpe
Discuss this article in our forums !
THE queue of fighters vying for the first shot at Michael Bisping is packed with star power .
Former champ Chris Weidman is desperate to get his belt back after missing out on UFC 199 , while Bisping 's victim Luke Rockhold wants to ease the pain of that devastating knockout loss to the Brit by claiming an instant rematch .
Even Canadian superstar Georges St-Pierre has been linked with a comeback against the Brit .
Zuffa LLC 5 Wanted man : Michael Bisping has a target on his back following his UFC middleweight title win
But speaking to SunSport this week Bisping said he believed there were two front-runners to face him in his first title defence .
Ronaldo 'Jacare ' Souza is the highest ranked middleweight not to have had a tilt at the title so far , and Bisping said the No 3-ranked Brazilian has a strong case for the next shot .
Zuffa LLC 5 Respect : Brazilian Ronaldo 'Jacare ' Souza congratulates Michael Bisping at UFC 199
`` Obviously Jacare 's there , '' Bisping admitted .
`` You ca n't deny him , you really ca n't . ''
Zuffa LLC 5 Top contender : Brazil 's Ronaldo 'Jacare ' Souza is the highest-ranked in-form contender
But a more appealing prospect is a rematch with veteran Dan Henderson .
The American starched the Brit at UFC 100 in one of the most replayed knockouts in UFC history .
And seven years removed from that brutal KO , Bisping fancies a shot at revenge .
Getty Images North America 5 Rematch revenge ? Bisping says he owes Dan Henderson after being knocked out cold by the American at UFC 100
`` Dan Henderson also though , for me , is something I would like to achieve , '' he explained ..
`` I owe that guy one , simply because back in the day he was on TRT ( testosterone replacement therapy ) , which is now not allowed .
`` So it 's either Jacare or Dan Henderson - we 'll see what the UFC wan na do . ''
Zuffa LLC 5 Still going strong : Knockout specialist Dan Henderson remains a serious threat at 185lbs
And while the actual opponent remains undecided , Bisping has no doubts where the fight should take place - on home soil , in Manchester .
`` Absolutely , '' he said .
`` I spoke to Dana and Lorenzo two days after my last fight - on the Tuesday they called me . We had a chat .
`` They just called to say congratulations and just to reiterate their sentiments from on fight night - they said some very nice things to me .
`` And we briefly talked the potential next fight : 'Where would you like to do it ? ' - and I said 'Manchester ' . That would be amazing .
`` I just beat Anderson ( Silva ) in London . To defend the belt in Manchester would be incredible for me . ''
Hailing the aging revolutionary icon 's continued work in actively promoting “ African peace ” , the African Union chairman was selected to win the Confucius Peace Prize .
Mugabe was said to have been chosen for “ serving as the Zimbabwe president from the 1980s . ”
“ Overcoming a number of difficulties . Contributing to building the government , economy , and order in the country .
“ While continuing to work at the age of 91 actively for African peace , ” his citation stated , seemingly forgetting the violence that erupted across Zimbabwe in 2008 when hundreds of people were killed as the ruling party , aided by the military , embarked on a violent election campaign to rescue Mugabe after he lost the first round of polling .
A total of nine judges from a panel of 16 experts and scholars picked the 91-year-old to win .
It is not clear if the former guerrilla leader , who has been looking increasingly frail in recent years , will collect the award in person , which consists of a gold Confucius trophy and 100 000 yuan in prize money , which equates to $ 16 000 .
Beating more than five nominees to win the Confucius Peace Prize , he beat other candidates including UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , South Korean President Park Geun-hye , as well as former Japanese Prime Ministers Tomiichi Murayama and Yasuo Fukuda .
Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin has previously won the six-year-old award .
The shadowy prize emerged in 2010 , when it was suddenly announced by the panel two days before jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel to Beijing 's anger .
Organisers of the prize denied links to the government , but the award 's executive chairman Liu Haofeng said later that it had been set up by an association overseen by China 's culture .
Hillary Clinton
India conveyed to the United States in no uncertain words that a repeat of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks would force it to to carry out retaliation against Pakistan , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has written in her memoir , recounting her visit to India after the strikes in which 164 people , including four US citizens were killed .
Advertising
In her book , Hard Choices , Clinton recounts a meeting with then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi in the summer of 2009 in which the duo explained “ how hard it had been to show restraint towards Pakistan after the coordinated terrorist bombings in Mumbai the prior November . ”
“ They made it clear to me that there would be no such restraint in the event of a second attack , ” Clinton has written her book , published by Simon and Schuster that is to be released in India tomorrow .
The former Secretary of State , however , has not made any mention of how United States agencies helped in investigation after the attack or the extent of the involvement of Pakistan in the terror strike .
While there is not much mention of her dealings with India , Clinton has written extensively about her engagements in the region with Afghanistan and Pakistan . She has written that the major concern of President Hamid Karzai had always been a security threat from Pakistan and not the Taliban .
On India 's foreign policy , Clinton has written that New Delhi prized its “ strategic autonomy , ” a factor that came to play during the 2012 crisis with Iran in which the US was pressuring nations to cut down their oil purchases from Tehran . Clinton says that she finally convinced India by assuring then External Affairs Minister S M Krishna that the decision to look at energy alternatives in the global market would be ‘ their ( New Delhi 's ) decision , however they chose to characterise it . All we cared about was the end result , not beating our chest . ”
Advertising
She has also indicated that a US team of experts was sent later to Delhi by the US to help “ speed those ‘ totally non Iran related ' decisions ” of diversifying India 's sources of energy imports .
The Spurs drew LaMarcus Aldridge to their small , relatively sleepy market as a premier free agent in 2015 . With many choices , Pau Gasol bolted Chicago for South Texas last summer .
Given the financial incentives for stars to stay rooted , speculation about moves is cheap . But given that Parker is soon to turn 35 , with one year left on his contract and his foreseeable future in doubt , might Chris Paul be willing to separate himself from the Los Angeles Clippers and become the Spurs ' point guard ? Might Paul , with a chance to opt out of his contract , prefer to partner with Leonard for a distinct shot at shedding his growing rap of being postseason-challenged ?
Parker underwent surgery on Friday to repair a ruptured left quadriceps tendon . No timetable was set for his return . Carlesimo , who is periodically in touch with Popovich , said the Spurs had been encouraged by Parker 's spring resurgence after an unsteady regular season . Whether he comes back next season or not , the Spurs need to get younger and more athletic in the backcourt to compete with the Warriors .
It is no stretch to say the curtain is falling on the French-and-Argentine connection — Parker and Ginobili — that indisputably changed the Spurs from plodding to dashing .
Ten years ago , between Games 1 and 2 of the Spurs ' sweep of LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in the N.B.A . finals , Popovich was asked a question he was tired of hearing : Why were the Spurs not considered by fans , news media , television and league executives to be sexy enough to sell ?
His response was a Popovich classic .
“ That 's their problem , not mine , ” he said . “ I ca n't help them , poor souls . They 've got to live in their ignorance . I ca n't make them keep watching us , but it 's always dumbfounded me , since the arrival of Tony and Manu . If you ca n't enjoy watching those two guys play and you do n't understand that they 're as much fun to watch as a lot of other people in bigger markets , then I ca n't help , and it means you 're not much of a fan and you do n't understand the game , anyway , and you should probably tune in HBO . ”
Reminded that HBO was scheduled to air the final episode of “ The Sopranos ” the following night , opposite Game 2 , Popovich laughed and said , “ It 's 50-50 I 'll get booted so I can watch it . ”
He did n't . The Spurs ' show went on , and it continues , and as long as Leonard and Popovich are in tandem , do n't turn the channel or the page on them yet .
On Saturday , the New York Times published an article that allegedly outlined the White House “ after dark . ”
The article claimed the new administration operated at night , although there were complications :
“ Aides confer in the dark because they can not figure out how to operate the light switches in the cabinet room . ”
Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman , the authors of the piece , claimed the account was based on interviews with “ dozens of government officials , congressional aides , former staff members , and other observers of the new administration . ”
Their sources requested to remain anonymous , so none of them are named .
Thrush and Haberman 's piece prompted outrage from the president , who called it “ fake news , ” and tweeted :
“ The failing New York Times writes total fiction concerning me . They have gotten it wrong for two years , and now are making up stories & sources ! ”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer reiterated the president 's statement to an Associated Press reporter . He said the story was “ so riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the president an apology . ”
When asked for an example of what was inaccurate , Spicer did n't discuss any of the “ blatant lies ” about the president 's policies or success record . Instead , he focused on one of the descriptions of the scene in the White House :
“ When Mr. Trump is not watching television in his bathrobe… ”
Spicer defended the president and told reporters , “ I do n't think the president owns a bathrobe . ”
The seemingly peculiar example of the “ fake news ” published by the New York Times sparked an excited debate on Twitter .
Some users pointed to Trump 's claim to fame as proof of his bathrobe ownership :
. @ seanspicer Trump has hotels . Each room has a bathrobe . There 's probably a warehouse full of bathrobes . He definitely has a bathrobe . — John Levenstein ( @ johnlevenstein ) February 6 , 2017
https : //twitter.com/paulbradleycarr/status/828723403804725248
User Jack Ferry wondered what WikiLeaks was spending its time doing , if not researching this mystery :
Hey @ wikileaks , get off your asses and release evidence of Trump 's bathrobe already ! Da fuq we paying you for ? ? — Jack Ferry ( @ jackferry99 ) February 6 , 2017
Apparently , other presidents have also joined the bathrobe movement :
Also weird to see Spicer & # Trump getting all defensive about a # bathrobe when their hero was n't shy about it . # BathrobeGate pic.twitter.com/2WN76Ad1pU — Avi Bueno ( @ AviAhvee ) February 6 , 2017
LBJ in bathrobe , with advisors on Air Force One , 1966 : # LBJL pic.twitter.com/KXsDGtRjrI — Michael Beschloss ( @ BeschlossDC ) February 6 , 2017
According to one MSNBC contributor , presidents , like normal people , should feel no shame in their bathrobes :
Also , why would n't Donald Trump own a bathrobe ? I own a bathrobe . — Josh Barro ( @ jbarro ) February 6 , 2017
One user questioned what experiences lead Sean Spicer to make this claim :
I 'm very curious as to what Sean Spicer has seen to make him say that Trump does n't own a bathrobe — Roland Scahill ( @ rolandscahill ) February 6 , 2017
Finally , New York Magazine contributor Yashar revealed some damning evidence :
After Trump 's surprise victory in the presidential election , the New York Times issued an apology to readers for its inaccurate coverage of his support .
However , of the current controversy , the paper 's vice president of communications Danielle Rhoades said , “ we stand by our story , ” in an email to The Hill .
