The Syrian National Army said four IAF warplanes were involved in the strike . File pic
Israeli jets have reportedly targeted a suspected chemical weapons factory in western Syria .
The Syrian National Army said four IAF warplanes hit a military site in Hama province , near Masyaf , in the early hours of Thursday morning , killing two soldiers and causing massive damage .
The strike will raise tensions , with Syria warning there will be `` dangerous repercussions of this aggressive action to the security and stability of the region '' .
It is believed the site was linked to the sarin gas attack in April , which UN investigators said was the work of the Syrian government .
Image : The factory is said to have been behind a deadly chemical attack in Khan Sheikhoun
The UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria confirmed the chemical attacks in Khan Sheikhoun , which resulted in the deaths of dozens of civilians and prompted a US missile attack , were perpetrated by Assad regime forces .
Syria 's government has always denied using chemical weapons - despite a wealth of evidence to the contrary .
Israel refused to comment on the reports but has indicated in the past that it has taken military action against Hezbollah and other targets inside Syria - and will continue to do so .
Tensions on Israel 's northern border with Syria and Lebanon have grown in recent months .
Image : Children in Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib , where the chemical attack took place in April 2017
Israel is currently carrying out its largest military drill in 20 years in the north of the country .
Israel claims Iran 's proxy , Hezbollah , is using the chaos of the Syrian war to dig in positions inside Syria and increase its arsenal of missiles .
Many analysts believe there is the distinct possibility of another violent confrontation between the Lebanese Shia militant group and Israel in the near future .
Last week , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that Iran was building facilities to produce missiles in Syrian territory .
Russian authorities are reportedly planning to abandon efforts to institute criminal penalties for bitcoin users .
The news comes from a report issued today by Russian news agency Interfax in which it asserts that representatives from the country 's Ministry of Finance , central bank and other government bureaus are increasingly supportive of this action .
According to the report , representatives from these groups are planning to submit a report to Russian President Vladimir Putin containing this recommendation sometime in 2016 .
If true , the report would end nearly two years of speculation that Russia would seek to actively discourage the use of cryptocurrencies and other “ money surrogates ” through administrative fines and labor penalties .
As outlined in 2014 and 2015 , “ legal entities ” that introduced their own digital currencies would have faced fines of up to $ 25,000 , while those who distributed the digital assets could have been punishable by correctional labor .
However , it appears such a proposal will require additional research by the involved parties .
The report states :
“ At the same time , the meeting decided that it is necessary to monitor the use of virtual currency and further [ analyze ] the risks [ associated with ] using money surrogates for criminal purposes . With this in mind , it can be presented a proposal to amend the regulations if necessary . ”
The latest statements come amid a softening by the Russian Ministry of Finance , formerly the most aggressive regulator domestically to push for the prohibition .
In July , deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev went so far as to suggest cryptocurrencies could be regulated as a kind of foreign currency , a development that can be seen as stemming from the larger interest in blockchain domestically in recent months .
Paper ball image via Shutterstock
The sixth-generation iPod Touch ( stylized and marketed as the iPod touch , and colloquially known as the iPod touch 6G , iPod touch 6 , or iPod touch ( 2015 ) ) [ 3 ] is a multipurpose handheld device designed and marketed by Apple Inc. with a touchscreen-based user interface . It is the successor to the iPod Touch ( 5th generation ) , becoming the first major update to the iPod lineup in more than two and a half years . It was released on the online Apple Store on July 15 , 2015 , along with minor upgrades to the iPod Nano and iPod Shuffle . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Features [ edit ]
Software [ edit ]
The sixth-generation iPod touch features iOS , Apple 's mobile operating system . The user interface of iOS is based on the concept of direct manipulation , using multi-touch gestures . Interface control elements consist of sliders , switches , and buttons . Interaction with the OS includes gestures such as swipe , tap , pinch , and reverse pinch , all of which have specific definitions within the context of the iOS operating system and its Multi-Touch interface . Internal accelerometers are used by some applications to respond to shaking the device ( one common result is the undo command ) or rotating it vertically ( one common result is switching from portrait to landscape mode ) .
The sixth-generation iPod Touch ships with iOS 8.4 , which was released on June 30 , 2015 along with Apple Music . It can play music , movies , television shows , audiobooks , and podcasts and can sort its media library by songs , artists , albums , videos , playlists , genres , composers , podcasts , audiobooks , and compilations . Scrolling is achieved by swiping a finger across the screen . Alternatively , headset controls can be used to pause , play , skip , and repeat tracks . However , the EarPods that come with the sixth-generation iPod touch do not include a remote or microphone . The Voice Control feature can also be used to identify a track , play songs in a playlist or by a specific artist , or create a Genius playlist .
The sixth-generation iPod touch supports iOS 9 that was released in September 2015 , iOS 10 that was released in September 2016 , iOS 11 that was released in September 2017 and iOS 12 that was released in September 2018 . The latest version of iOS that the sixth-generation iPod touch supports is iOS 12.0 , released on September 17 , 2018 . The sixth-generation iPod touch support for iOS 12 made this the first iPod touch model to support five major versions of iOS so far from iOS 8 to iOS 12 .
Hardware [ edit ]
The sixth-generation iPod touch features the Apple A8 and Apple M8 motion co-processor chipset with 64-bit architecture which is the same chip on iPad Mini 4 , Apple TV 4th Gen , iPhone 6 and the HomePod but it is slightly underclocked at 1.1 GHz ( the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are clocked at 1.4 GHz while the iPad mini 4 was clocked at 1.5 GHz ) . It has 1GB of LPDDR3 RAM , twice the amount as the previous generation iPod touch . [ 6 ] Apple 's Metal graphics technology is also compatible with the iPod touch 6th generation . The iPod touch features an 8MP rear iSight camera with video which can record in 1080p at 30fps , or 120fps in slow-motion mode that records at 720p . The camera also supports a burst mode and has an LED flash . Unlike the 5th-generation version , [ 7 ] the rear camera on the 6th-generation iPod touch lacks a sapphire crystal lens . [ 8 ] The front camera is unchanged from the previous generation , a 1.2MP sensor and can record video up to 720p . It is the first iPod touch that is available with 128 GB of storage , partially filling the void left behind by the iPod Classic which offered 160 GB of storage at the time it was discontinued .
Design [ edit ]
The exterior design of the sixth-generation iPod touch is largely identical to that of its predecessor , with the exception of the iPod touch Loop button , which was removed . It is available in silver , gold , space gray , pink , blue , and a Product Red version which is only available at Apple Stores and the Apple Online Store , although each color 's shade is slightly different from the previous generation . [ 9 ]
Accessories [ edit ]
The sixth-generation iPod touch comes with a Lightning Charging cable . This model also comes with the EarPods without Remote and Mic . This iPod touch is compatible with Apple 's $ 159 wireless AirPods which were announced at the September 7th 2016 Apple Special Event and released in late December 2016 .
Reception [ edit ]
Nate Ralph from CNET praised the device 's camera quality and noted the iPod touch 's exceptional performance , but criticized it for its middling battery life and small display , and stated that he considered it `` largely redundant '' due to smartphones and tablets . [ 10 ] Sascha Segan from PCMag has also noted the poor battery life , but stated that the iPod touch is still the best option for anyone who would prefer a handheld media player that does n't require an intimate relationship with a cellular carrier . [ 11 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Arizona State Police say several people were robbed at gunpoint near the university 's Tempe campus early Sunday morning .
Officials received the first robbery call around 1:30 a.m. near 1st Street and Farmer Avenue , an ASU police spokesperson said . Two hours later , around 3 a.m. , police received additional reports about students being robbed near University Drive and Rural Road .
The suspect involved in the first incident was described as being an African American man in his 20s , about 5 ' 7 ” and 170 pounds . The second suspect was described as being an African American man in his 30s , about 5 ' 7 ” and a medium build .
Both suspects were seen wearing dark-colored clothing and masks , however , it 's unknown if these two incidents are connected .
Anyone with information about the robberies is used to call the ASU Police Department immediately .
ABC15 spoke to The Lodge , a bar near where the first robbery occurred .
Management said they 're planing to add additional security in light of what happened to make sure customers and employees stay safe .
ASU Police are offering tips to students on campus :
Bona Fides
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF …AND POTATO , INC. , A DELAWARE CORPORATION ( D/B/A , “ YOU LOOK NICE TODAY ” ) :
Sui generis , and in keeping with the reductio ad lexis terms viz . the charter , bylaws , and codicils of our de jure public incorporation papers ( initially filed , pro bono , on April 3rd 2008 in Los Altos , CA ) , The Board of YOU LOOK NICE TODAY ( hereafter : YLNT ) are legally-obligated , ex libris , to submit this admittedly awkward Letter to Shareholders . So , here goes .
One Cork on a Rocky Sea
Greetings from our nominal headquarters here in beautiful Dover ( hereafter : Burlingame , CA ) .
As we all know by now , these last sixteen months have represented a challenging but invigorating time for YLNT .
Like so many of the major players , we have watched with dismay as the fortunes of the market and its impotent stakeholders have spun around the mildewed bowl of our global economy 's shitter–not unlike a disappointing turdlette dispatched from the business end of one 's least-favorite child .
We wo n't lie to you : hitching a ride on that particular dookie has made for a bumpy fucking ride in a stinky little skiff .
Lessons Learned
But , NO , The Board of YLNT ca n't and wo n't blame “ the big bad world ” for all of our problems . Not entirely , anyway .
In retrospect , it 's clear that you , The Shareholders , have suffered grievously by our own shortcomings and missteps along the way . And–at least according to our surprisingly costly team of lawyers–we may be exposing ourselves to numerous litigious quagmires if we were to claim otherwise .
And , so , for a variety of tediously complex legal and personal reasons , YLNT regrets the error .
In truth , it is now blindingly obvious that many of The Board 's reactions to YLNT 's less-than-satisfactory output were inadvisable , incurious , and , on occasion , bizarre , to say the least .
For example . The one well-publicized miscalculation that many have chosen to beat into the ground ?
The bone marrow restaurant concept .
Okay . We “ Get It ”
Sure . We all knew that opening a chain of 1,500 Adam 's Bone® takeout restaurants on the same hot August weekend was a potentially “ risky venture . ”
And , yeah , fine , cynics will always claim that , from beginning to end , the entire project was “ a poorly-conceived and sloppily-implemented boondoggle of epic and osteopathic proportion . ”
For one , as we all learned by Labor Day , beef marrow sales historically suffer a precipitous plunge in the late summer of every year . Not something we could control .
But–yes , fine , we know–even inasmuch as our initial numbers demonstrated that most Americans will “ happily hork on any shit with Adam 's face plastered on it , ” we probably should have teased out the subtle but very real response of “ universal consumer disgust ” to the very notion of “ choking down a beige-tan slurry of room-temperature bone meat porridge extruded into a cheap foam bowl . ”
Clearly , these data would have been far more useful to The Board had they emerged during that Spring 's costly 6-week pilot program . ( Thanks for nothing there , “ Mall of America Meat Marketing Group. ” ) .
But , let 's not , as the philosopher said , cry over extruded slurry .
Point is : the project was less than successful , every store was shuttered by Halloween , and , yes , blah blah blah , out the metaphorical drive-thru window went some $ 80 Million in Shareholder value .
So , consequently , on the advice of counsel , we wish to publicly own up to this and many of our numerous other mis…somethings .
Mistakes were made . Happy now ?
Rock Bottom
Let 's just say this , get it out of the way , and move on to bluer pastures : for well over a year now , we 've essentially been eating our own boogers and pretending it 's Pinkberry . Stipulated . We fucked up .
Mea culpa . Just…very , very , very culpa .
Problem is , we 're now literally out of ideas .
Well . In any case , we 're out of good ideas .
Obviously , the public record and your meager quarterly earnings statements both demonstrate amply that The Board 's wellspring of bad ideas is , for all practical purposes , unlimited .
A New Hope
So , in desperation , and in doubt , and in literally pants-shitting fear of the imminent Shareholder lawsuit that 's been threatened by 19,236 of the more “ fringe-element ” jackals amongst you , we 've decided to piss on a spark plug .
We 're going to try this one more time . Vis-à-vis :
We 're finally returning to regularly-scheduled new episodes of You Look Nice Today .
Thus , starting on next Monday–and , going forward , on the 2nd of every month–we will release a new episode of our You Look Nice Today audio program ( RSS | iTunes ) to The Shareholders , and to the broader public at-large , without charge , contract , or obligation .
“ Dropping it on the Deuce , ” our boys in Marketing are calling it . And , who are we to argue with our boys ? Precisely .
Michelangelo 's Daniel
Now , please understand that , per U.S. and Delaware law , these plans and assurances are not to be regarded as “ forward-looking statements ” or “ promises ” or “ something you can depend on ” or anything of that nature . Let 's be honest , we 'd just be running the risk of pinching a fresher turdlette .
But , it is the plan–it is our plan–and ALL of the three ( 3 ) Founding Board Members of YLNT are enthusiastically behind it one-hundred percent . Possibly more , pending a Supreme Court decision slated for October of this year .
Point is : while this important adjustment in YLNT 's circuitous course does naught to ameliorate those sixteen painful months of acrimony , disappointment , threats of harm , unsubscribing , unfollowing , unliking–plus a string of stomach-churning FedEx packages sent from one particularly persistent Shareholder whom the F.B.I . is simply calling , “ Jason P. ” –we do sincerely hope this helps .
Because , we 've missed you .
And , although , we can never really make it up to you ?
It 's a start .
Sincerely Yours ,
lonelysandwich , scottsimpson , and hotdogsladies
( On behalf of YLNT ; dictated not read )
CC : Securities & Exchange Commission ; National Association of Broadcasters ; Delaware Board of Governors ; Mr. Karl Van Hœt , D.Eng . ; Razzledazzle ; Mr. Robert S. Andersen ; Dr. Oliver Sacks ; Ms. Liza Minnelli ; and , The Estate of Ms. Estelle Getty .
Appendix A : Helpful Supporting Documentation
Are you new to the world of You Look Nice Today ? Thinking of becoming a Shareholder ? Great ! Welcome !
Here are some hastily selected links to get you started :
Appendix B : References
Manhattan is one of Woody Allen 's masterworks . It is Allen 's most beautiful film , and he managed that perfect mix of laughs , music and deep discussion . It was also a huge success for Allen . But how well do you know the film ?
It 's the latest in our video essay series . 10 Things about Manhattan . Find out about :
1 . George Gershwin 's massive influence
2 . A couple of great parodies
3 . Gordon Willis
4 . The first allen widescreen film
5 . Mariel Hemingway 's grandfather
6 . Meryl Streep trumps her own co-star for an Academy Award
7 . Wallace Shawn enters the scene
8 . How they made that magical bridge scene
9 . Three of Allen 's favourite places to eat
10 . And the first Allen film to play at Cannes .
A lot this research was done for the Manhattan chapter of our book – The Woody Allen Pages Watcher 's Guide Vol 2 . It 's your complete guide to the film , but also Interiors , Stardust Memories , A Midsummer Night 's Sex Comedy , Zelig and Broadway Danny Rose .
Here 's our last one , focussing on Interiors .
What do you think of Manhattan ?
Sunday night , May 14 , James Blake performed at FORM Arcosanti in Arizona , where he delivered a stripped down , solo piano set . In addition to performances of old songs ( like Overgrown 's “ Retrograde ” and The Colour in Anything 's title track ) , Blake covered “ Godspeed ” from Frank Ocean 's excellent Blonde . Blake is credited with production , arrangement , and keyboard contributions on the track . Watch his rendition below ; scroll down for Frank 's original . “ Godspeed , ” which gives Elliott Smith a writing credit , has proved to be a fairly popular song to cover : Stormzy sang the track for BBC Radio 1 , and dvsn also remixed the song .
Blake 's The Colour in Anything came out last year . Recently , he appeared on the Mount Kimbie track “ We Go Home Together. ” He also contributed to Kendrick Lamar 's DAMN . song “ ELEMENT . ”
Revisit our feature interview “ James Blake and the Pursuit of Happiness . ”
Watch Pitchfork.tv 's “ The 10 Best Albums of 2016 , ” featuring Blonde :
Building custom motorcycles for a living sounds like a dream . Who would n't want to spend all day in the workshop—getting their hands dirty and letting their creativity run wild ?
The reality is , it takes more than talent and a shed full of tools to create a sustainable business ; you need a good head for business too . And despite their tender years , Tom Konecny and Pablo Steigleder of Munich 's Diamond Atelier are two of the most switched on dudes we 've met .
We have n't heard from Diamond in a while—but that 's only because the boys have been heads down on their latest project . And here it is : a limited production run of stunning BMW café racers called the Mark II Series .
Diamond 's bikes are always radical and aggressive ( we once referred to them as “ more of a swift kick to the jaw than a breath of fresh air ” ) , but a completely bespoke machine takes time to complete . The Mark II Series is a bid at capturing that same ethos , with an end product that 's a bit more accessible .
Naturally , each Mark II starts out as a classic R-series BMW . Diamond have turned screws on a number of Beemers already , so it makes sense to go with what they know . The engines vary according to each client 's specifications , but the frames are always from Monolever models , with their single-sided swingarm .
Each bike is given new bodywork and a host of other changes . This is where it gets interesting ; rather than build everything from scratch for each build , Diamond went through the process of designing and prototyping each part for production .
That includes bits like the redesigned fuel tank , tailpiece , and engine covers ( and a whole lot more ) . The tail section 's a real highlight—it 's designed to ‘ float , ' with a hidden , CAD-designed subframe fully supporting the weight of the rider .
All parts have design patents and wo n't be sold individually . The subframe is even compliant with Germany 's uber-strict TÜV standard .
Diamond tell us that they are n't pitching the Mark II as a ‘ race-spec ' bike—but they have still added a few key performance upgrades . There are refurbished 53mm upside-down forks up front , and a fully adjustable Wilbers shock out back .
The wheels are pieced together from three different bikes in the BMW fold , and feature BMW 's neat , tubeless ‘ cross spoke ' design . Braking upgrades include 320mm discs with 6-piston Tokico calipers , hooked up to an ABM radial master cylinder via braided lines .
When necessary , the donor engines are completely rebuilt , and the transmissions and final drives overhauled . The carbs are refurbished too , and jetted to match whatever intake and exhaust system the customer opts for .
Each Mark II is rewired as well , using Kellermann and Motogadget components , along with a few bits that have been made just for the series . Diamond have gone to great lengths to tuck everything away too .
Of course , each Mark II can be ordered with personalized options . The bikes you see here are sporting two different exhaust systems , three different air intake setups , and both analog and digital speedos .
You also get a choice of 17 ” or 18 ” wheels , and a solo or two-up seat . And the clip-ons and rear-sets are fully adjustable , helping each rider fine-tune their ergonomics .
Most importantly , you can pick any color or livery you want . So you could end up with anything from a laid-back café hopper ( like the turquoise bike above , complete with 18 ” Firestone Deluxe Champions ) , to a sharp canyon carver ( like the purple bike below , with its sticky 17 ” Metzeler Racetecs ) .
We 'd be happy with any of these machines—they 're as sharp as anything we 've seen from Diamond . But we 're even more impressed at how Tom and Pablo have have stepped things up .
So here 's a look at how they got to this point—and some of the challenges they faced along the way .
What sparked the idea to launch a ‘ series ' of bikes ? We were facing an immense issue . It was not a lack of clients—in fact it was the exact opposite . The demand for our products outnumbered our possible output many times , which forced us to create long waiting lists for future projects and eventually declining many commissions we would have loved to accept .
We were even forced to cancel events and meetings we were going to attend , to make sure we could cope with the work . As a result , some people perceived us as acting exclusive , arrogant and cocky . This was the exact opposite of what we wanted .
We understood that the time has come to decide which direction to go in . So we decided to take the risk and expand the company to see how far we can go .
Does that mean you 're done with ‘ one-off ' builds ? We will always produce our unique “ DA # ” builds . These projects shape our brand , they are what we live for . They are radical , aggressive and set the bar higher one notch at a time . Sometimes I come up with concept in my mind and eventually turn it into reality at 3am if necessary . We can never foresee what the exact outcome on our DA # builds will be , since the best ideas happen spontaneously .
At the same time we felt the urge to significantly increase our efficiency , professionalism and simply create more . So we began shaping the idea to launch a small series of custom motorcycles .
A small ‘ series ' bike is faster paced in production , suitable for a larger group of people , and carries less risk regarding the outcome . With our first series we 're trying to make our products more approachable , so more people can enjoy the feeling of owning and riding a custom motorcycle .
How different was your approach this time around ? Usually when starting a new custom project , the design is the first thing that needs to be worked out . But this requires a predefined standard , such as a stock donor bike , to base a design on .
In our case there was no such standard—we started from scratch on the most fundamental pieces such as the gas tank , frame , forks and wheel set . This does n't sound overly spectacular when considering a one-off custom build , but given that our parts needed to be scalable and reproducible to the exact same key figures , this quickly became the hardest part of the process to tackle .
The idea came up to produce parts industrially . Even though the fixed costs would be immense , the quality standard ( contrary to popular belief ! ) would rise to an unmatched level in bespoke motorcycle building . And variable costs would decrease , directly reflecting on the costs of the finished product .
Eventually we teamed up with Mr. Jens Buchert , an engineering expert from Munich who agreed to ‘ translate ' our ideas into viable versions for industrial partners in Germany . Through this partnership we are able to produce what we believe is the highest quality bespoke motorcycle on a reproducible level on the current market .
And we wo n't just sit back and relax now—there 's a constant development ongoing during manufacturing .
What about the design , how did that come about ? We knew that we needed to come up with a bike that would appear radical enough to unmistakably count as a true Diamond Atelier build . It also needed to be well balanced and perfectly proportioned , to work as a blank canvas for the personalization options we offer within the Mark II Series .
Having motorcycle designer Julian Weber on board during the process , who selflessly spent countless nights creating life-like renderings of THE perfect cafe racer , we finally came up with our best design up to this day .
It features a timeless shape , as well as an aggressive stance and low-slung silhouette in the true Diamond Atelier manner . One could say that the Mark II Series , style-wise , is a homage to our first ever build , the DA # 1 ( below ) .
A lot of people do n't realize what an in-depth process design can be… It 's important to have all components of the bike work together in the big picture . The length of the forks combined with the size of the wheel set makes for the perfect stance . The kick- up tail section flows with the angle of the gas tank . The single-sided exhaust ranges back as far as the bodywork—which is exactly to the center of the rear hub . There are tons of details to be found , many only on a second , third or tenth look .
How important is personalization with the Mark II Series ? Building a small series of motorcycles does n't mean they all need to look alike , such as production vehicles from OEMs . You can go batshit crazy on the personalization options—and we hope people do . There are tons of things we can do with this blank canvas . The bikes shown here are just a humble start .
How many Mark IIs are you planning to produce ? The first run—which had special pricing since people did not know what they were getting into , and ordered a bike solely on a Photoshop rendering—is ten prototypes . From then the Mark II becomes a constant series . But the availability is not infinite . We 'll do as many as we want and eventually stop production to go for different projects or start a new series .
So what is the starting price , for a basic Mark II ? They start at €20.990 ( around $ 22,400 ) , including the donor motorcycle .
Any closing thoughts ? With the Mark II Series I believe we have created a cross between high quality bespoke motorcycles and reasonable delivery times and pricing . Thus we hope to be able to reach more people with our brand and in general spread more Diamond Atelier bikes around the globe .
Even if this project is just an experiment as we strive to improve our skills , it is a win-win situation for all sides . We gain tons of experience and knowledge from the work with our new partners and a completely different production approach and in return more people get to have their own custom motorcycle , which enriches their life even by just a tiny bit .
As always , in the custom world you get what you pay for—but this sort of limited production model should make high-end custom work more accessible to more people . After all , $ 22,000 is roughly the cost of a mass produced Harley Road Glide .
Here 's wishing Tom and Pablo the best of luck with their new approach .
Diamond Atelier | Instagram | Facebook | Photos by Lukas Magerl
( sobbing )
♪ I 'M ALL OUT OF LOVE ♪
( boy ) LOOK AT THAT , ANOTHER TORTURED SOUL .
ANOTHER LIFE OF PAIN .
HEY , RAVEN , CHECK IT OUT .
BUTTERS ?
OH , OH , HEY , STAN .
WHAT 'S THE MATTERWITH YOU ?
WELL ... MY -- MY GIRLFRIENDBROKE UP WITH ME .
DID SHE STEP ON YOURHEART WITH STILETTO SHOES ?
YEAH , IT SURE DOES HURT .
THAT 'S COOL , I GUESS YOU CANJOIN UP WITH US IF YOU WANT .
YEAH , WE 'RE GON NA GO TOTHE GRAVEYARD AND WRITE POEMS
ABOUT DEATH AND HOWPOINTLESS LIFE IS .
OH , NO , THANKS , I LOVE LIFE .
HUH ? BUT YOUJUST GOT DUMPED .
WELL , YEAH , AND I 'M SAD .
BUT AT THE SAME TIME , I 'M REALLY HAPPY THAT SOMETHING
CAN MAKE ME FEELTHAT SAD .
IT 'S LIKE ... IT MAKESME FEEL ALIVE , YOU KNOW ?
IT MAKES ME FEEL HUMAN .
THE ONLY WAY I COULD FEEL THISSAD NOW IS IF I FELT SOMETHING
REALLY GOOD BEFORE ,
SO I HAVE TO TAKETHE BAD WITH THE GOOD ,
SO I GUESS WHAT I 'M FEELINGIS LIKE A 'BEAUTIFUL SADNESS ' ...
I GUESS THATSOUNDS STUPID .
YEAH .
NO , NO , BUTTERS , THAT DOESN'TSOUND STUPID AT ALL .
BUT THANKS FOR OFFERINGTO LET ME IN YOUR CLIQUE , GUYS ,
BUT TO BE HONEST , I 'D RATHERBE A CRYING , LITTLE PUSSY
THAN A FAGGY GOTH KID , WELL , SEE YA , STAN .
HE 'S RIGHT , I DON'TEVEN KNOW WHO I AM ANYMORE .
I LIKE LIFE A LOTMORE THAN HATING IT .
SCREW YOU , GUYS , I 'M GOING HOME .
GO AHEAD AND GO BACK TOYOUR SUNSHINE FAIRY TALE !
November 08 , 2014 Europe Winter Forecast : 'Fantastic ' Ski Season for the Alps ; More Tranquil in UK
By By Eric Leister , Meteorologist November 08 , 2014 , 12:09:21 AM EST
Following a mild winter for almost all of Europe during the 2013-2014 season , big differences are expected for many areas during the 2014-2015 winter season .
The large-scale weather pattern will feature stubborn areas of high pressure over Scandinavia for much of the winter . This setup will funnel colder air into northern and eastern Europe while also forcing the majority of storm systems to track across southern Europe , especially during the second half of winter .
Eastern Europe Braces for a Cold , Snowy Winter
Numerous shots of cold air from Siberia will result in below-normal temperatures from Poland and the Baltic States eastward into Belarus , Ukraine and western Russia . The cold will often dip farther south into the Balkan Peninsula , combining with an active storm track to produce above-normal snowfall .
Above-normal snowfall is also expected from eastern Poland into western Russia and Ukraine . With cold air in place for the bulk of the winter , snow that does fall will likely remain on the ground for extended periods of time which will only aid in keeping temperatures well below normal .
While cold shots will invade Germany throughout the winter , long-duration cold spells will not be common . However , it will be a cold winter overall for Germany , with temperatures falling near to slightly below normal . More snow is expected this winter compared to last due to the colder air that will be in place .
Another area that can expect more significant snowfall is the Alps , with the most impressive snowfall expected in the Swiss and Austrian Alps .
`` Ski conditions will be fantastic for the 2014-2015 ski season , especially when compared to last year , '' AccuWeather Meteorologist Tyler Roys .
The first significant snowstorm of the year has already occurred across the Swiss and Austrian Alps . This winter , an active storm track and cold air will promote frequent big snow events for the Pyrenees , Alps and the mountains of the Balkan Peninsula .
AccuWeather MinuteCast® is now available in many European countries : The patented minute-by-minute forecast available in the United Kingdom , Ireland , France , Germany , Belgium , Switzerland , Netherlands , Luxembourg and parts of the Czech Republic . It will tell you exactly when rain or snow will start and stop at your exact location . Type in your city name , select MinuteCast and input your street address . On mobile , you can also use your GPS location .
Fewer Storms for Ireland , United Kingdom and France
Another aspect of the upcoming winter season is that large and widespread damaging wind events are expected to be less common than last winter , which featured several noteworthy storms that caused damage from the British Isles into northern Europe .
While occasional shots of cold air will send temperatures tumbling across Ireland , the United Kingdom and France early in the winter , a persistent southerly flow caused by storms tracking near and north of Scotland will often result in near- to above-normal temperatures .
Fewer storms tracking across the United Kingdom and Ireland into northern Europe will lead to below-normal precipitation overall for the winter season , following the wettest winter on record across the United Kingdom last year .
Beneficial Rain Forecast for Spain
The primary storm track of the winter will feature more storms tracking across southern Europe , with above-normal precipitation expected in Spain .
Even though a wet winter is predicted for areas from Spain through Italy and into the Balkan Peninsula , temperatures will still be near normal due to warmer-than-normal nights from cloud cover .
A wet winter will have positive impacts for the interior of Spain where the worst drought in decades devastated crops and lowered water levels at key reserves . Rainfall between 100 and 150 percent of normal is forecast for these areas .
Accuweather Meteorologist Alan Reppert added , `` This increased rainfall will lead to a higher yield of olives , leading to a drop in olive oil prices following some of the highest prices in years . ''
Elevated Flooding Threat for Italy and Balkan Peninsula
An active storm track is expected to impact southern Europe throughout this winter .
`` Numerous slow-moving storms will deliver days of rainfall to southern Europe , leading to an increased flooding threat from Italy into the Balkan Peninsula where flooding has already been a problem leading up to winter , '' Nicholls said .
RELATED :
Interactive Weather Radar for the United Kingdom and Ireland
Interactive Weather Radar for Germany
Interactive Weather Radar for Italy
The most likely areas to experience flooding from these storm systems will be from Italy into the Balkan Peninsula . Major river flooding is a possibility .
A very wet year has already resulted in some of the worst flooding in recent memory across Italy and the Balkan Peninsula . Flooding that occurred in May was deadly in Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Romania and Slovakia . Many of these areas have experienced 200 percent or more of the normal yearly rainfall . A wet winter will only exacerbate the threat for flooding as some areas continue to recover from the earlier flooding .
Meanwhile , heavy snow will fall at times in the higher elevations .
Report a Typo
On Super Tuesday of the bitter 2008 Democratic primary campaign , a group of Barack Obama supporters riding the New York City subway noticed Audrey Gelman wearing a Hillary Rodham Clinton campaign button on her jacket .
They berated Ms. Gelman , then a junior staff worker on the Clinton campaign , for backing a candidate standing in the way of the first black president . At another point , the button invited mocking inquiries at a Lower East Side cafe as to whether Ms. Gelman was a Republican .
Now a 27-year-old public relations consultant with one foot in Democratic politics and the other in New York 's hipper-than-thou fashion , arts and music scene , Ms. Gelman is feeling more confident in her Clinton accessories this time around . “ If you go to a party in Williamsburg or Bushwick now and wear a Hillary pin , ” she said , “ people are going to be like , ‘ Right on . ' ”
“ Cool Kids for Hillary. ” You may be able to imagine it on a campaign button , but would any of them wear one ? Whereas Mr. Obama 's 2008 candidacy organically prompted excitement on college campuses , the country 's skinny-jean citadels and celebrity hangouts , the candidate Clinton seems to be trying awfully hard to be down with the in crowd .
Social gaming giant Zynga has announced that it will be accepting bitcoin for in-app payments in selected games , as a “ test ” with payment processor BitPay . The move opens up $ 200m per quarter in potential markets for the digital currency .
The Zynga team account posted the following on reddit :
“ The Bitcoin test is only available to Zynga.com players playing FarmVille 2 , CastleVille , ChefVille , CoasterVille , Hidden Chronicles , Hidden Shadows and CityVille . The games can be accessed at http : //zynga.com . Zynga is always working to improve our customer experience by incorporating player feedback into our games . We look forward to hearing from our players about the Bitcoin test so we can continue in our efforts to provide the best possible gaming experience . ”
Sources connected to BitPay and Zynga users quickly confirmed the announcement as true .
It might also be worth mentioning that Union Square Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz , who contributed to Zynga 's Series A and B funding rounds in 2008-09 , also both have a stake in bitcoin payment processor and wallet service Coinbase .
Zynga is among a new generation of companies focused on social gaming . These games , which often piggyback on existing social networks , draw users into addictive play sessions , in which they can compete and collaborate with their friends .
Zynga 's revenue comes in two forms : direct payments in games , and revenue from partners . Direct payments are made inside games to buy assets that can help players to compete .
Reddit user ‘ betafall ' posted this video showing the simplicity of making a bitcoin purchase within a Zynga game :
The firm also announced a push into real money gaming , releasing ZyngaPlusPoker and ZyngaPlusCasino in the UK in early 2013 . In the US , it announced that it would pursue a real money gaming license , but in July , it backtracked on the decision , ending its real money gaming efforts in America .
Zynga has a turbulent history when it comes to the use of alternative currencies for in-app purchases . In 2010 , the company reportedly threatened to end its relationship with Facebook after the social networking giant tried to force it into using its own virtual currency , the now-defunct Facebook Credits , for purchases inside its games . Had that deal gone ahead , Facebook would have pocketed 30 % of all in-game payments made to Zynga on Facebook-hosted games .
The companies overcame their dispute and signed a five-year contract , but Zynga also started its own Zynga With Friends network , which connects players of its games from various platforms . It also created a Zynga API allowing developers to create social games on its network .
Founded in 2008 , the company went public in December 2011 . Last year was tough for Zynga – in July , figures emerged suggesting it had lost almost half of its user base in the course of a year .
Zynga 's casual , mobile-friendly market stands in contrast to the traditional console game market , in which sprawling , complex games often rival Hollywood movies in budget and production time . In the console sector , companies have moved away from virtual currency . Microsoft , for example , abandoned its Points system earlier this year , returning instead to straightforward fiat currency for purchases , made via credit cards .
Taking bitcoin as an in-game currency would bring several benefits , ventured Jeffrey Green , “ The benefits would be to give the user another payment option . Give the user what he wants , so to speak , ” said Green , who wrote an analysis of virtual currencies launched by large online firms when at Mercator Advisory Group . He explained :
“ The challenge would be the volatility of bitcoins and what their worth might be when exchanged for dollars . Volume would n't be very high , but there likely will be gamers out there looking for something novel to try . ”
There is also the commission to consider . PayPal charges commission on payments , and although big fish like Zynga may get a discount , bitcoin 's low-to-no transaction fees are difficult to argue with .
There are , however , negative aspects to using bitcoin for in-game payments . Notably , the virtual currency does n't yet allow for recurring payments , which could be useful in social gaming .
Disclaimer : CoinDesk founder Shakil Khan is an investor in BitPay .
CLOSE California begins legal recreational marijuana sales in 2018 and along with that , there are a host of questions about exactly how the system will work and the rules people need to follow . Wochit
Marijuana at Joy of Life Wellness Center in Palm Springs ( Photo11 : Lance Gerber/DESERT magazine )
A new gold rush is sweeping California as the state prepares to launch legal marijuana sales Monday , bringing the powerful and largely underground economy finally into public view .
Marijuana has long been one of California 's most important cash crops , albeit one many visitors would never see amid the vineyards and avocado farms . Now , tens of thousands of entrepreneurs are rushing to carve out a slice of an about-to-be-legal market that has grass-growing cannabis evangelists colliding with out-of-state suits eager to make a now-legal buck .
And there 's a lot to be made : The state 's existing marijuana black market is worth $ 13.5 billion , according to cannabis financial analysis firm GreenWave Advisors , while the legal market could be worth $ 5.1 billion in 2018 .
More : Marijuana 's legalization fuels black market in other states
“ You 're taking an industry that was completely underground and making it the most regulated product of all time , ” said Jessica Lilga , who runs a medical cannabis distribution service in Oakland , Calif. , and hopes to expand into recreational pot . “ It 's just insane . ”
Legalization through voter approval of Prop . 64 , which created a system for legally growing and selling cannabis , also raises concerns about whether kids will start using more marijuana thanks to increased visibility and whether the state is creating a new Big Tobacco industry that puts profits ahead of public health .
Marijuana plants at PSA Organica in Palm Springs ( Photo11 : Lance Gerber/DESERT magazine )
While five other states already offer legal marijuana sales , the Golden State 's sheer size is expected to reshape the pot industry worldwide , potentially driving down prices for consumers while generating hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes . It also holds the promise of wiping out criminal records for some people with previous cannabis convictions and helping longtime illegal drug dealers go legal by getting them licensed .
Eight states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana , but only Colorado , Oregon , Nevada , Alaska and Washington have functioning marketplaces . Massachusetts and Maine expect to begin sales sometime later next year . Marijuana remains illegal at the federal level , but the Trump administration has made no high-profile moves against any state where pot is openly sold to adults .
Marijuana at Desert 's Finest in Desert Hot Springs ( Photo11 : Lance Gerber/DESERT magazine )
That has store owners scrambling to erect billboards near Los Angeles International Airport and flooding bars with street marketers . California rules limit marijuana advertising , so dispensaries are getting creative in how they reach potential customers . Med Men , which sells medical cannabis but hopes to offer recreational pot come Monday , is wrapping 30 trucks with advertisements for its four existing high-end dispensaries . Cannabis firm American Green even bought an entire town — Nipton , Calif. — to create a marijuana mecca .
Because California 's marijuana law requires all cannabis to arrive in stores pre-packaged , growers and distributers are frantically developing branding and packaging to set their wares apart .
“ You 're seeing a lot more sophisticated people from other industries starting to move into the space , ” said B.J . Carretta , Med Men 's chief marketing officer . “ If traffic doubles in January , it ca n't be amateur hour . ”
California 's marijuana growers are already highly sophisticated when it comes to operating illegal farms in the mountains of the Emerald Triangle north of San Francisco . But playing by these new rules is a different proposition . California 's pot regulations require a variety of water and environmental considerations , along with tight accounting and tracking .
More : California 's illegal marijuana farms force cops to wield 'green ' stick
Many longtime cannabis farmers are struggling with whether to go legal , in part because getting licensed can cost tens of thousands of dollars . Additionally , many longtime marijuana moonshiners are culturally opposed to playing by the rules . For generations , they have secretly grown vast quantities of pot destined for black-market users across America .
Clear containers allow customers to see and smell the 20 strains of marijuana offered at the MedMen marijuana dispensary on Santa Monica Blvd in West Hollywood . Tablets offer addition information . Photo taken on Tuesday , November 15 , 2016 . ( Photo11 : Richard Lui/The Desert Sun )
Matt Karnes of GreenWave Advisors estimates at least half of all the cannabis grown in California is illegally shipped across state lines and sold at two or even three times the price it would fetch if sold locally as medical marijuana . Those growers have an extensive network of distributors built through mutual trust over decades of underground dealing .
“ What we are going to see is not only a legal shift but a cultural shift , ” said Michael Steinmetz , the CEO of cannabis distribution company Flow Kana .
Steinmetz bought an abandoned vineyard and winery in Mendocino County to serve as a centralized processing marijuana center for small growers . He envisions dozens of farmers pooling their crops to be trimmed , packaged and distributed as a premium umbrella brand .
“ Commodity cannabis is going to be a race to the bottom . We want to be more like wine and less like wheat , ” he said .
A worker at Harborside Health Center in Oakland , Calif. , packages marijuana cigarettes -- joints -- for customers . Harborside 's founder recruits his staff from the city , offering good-paying jobs and health insurance . ( Photo11 : Trevor Hughes , USA TODAY )
Like other states that have legalized recreational marijuana , California is creating a network of privately owned but tightly regulated pot shops that will offer shoppers a wide variety of products , from the smokeable “ flower ” most people are familiar with to cannabis-infused foods called edibles , and increasingly popular marijuana extracts used for vaping . The state requires quality testing and will regulate the kinds of pesticides and other chemicals used in growing .
“ Consumers at large have n't seen that , ” Steinmetz said . “ In the black market , you buy whatever the dealer has and you want him out of your house as soon as possible . ”
Lilga said she expects to see retail prices drop as newly formed cannabis conglomerates use their size to price out smaller players . While there 's a state tax on marijuana , the government is n't regulating how much consumers will pay , leaving that largely up to the free market .
“ There 's a lot of culture and community and soul being sucked out , ” she said . “ We see that inevitably that a lot of people will not survive the next year . ”
'Budtender ' Jason Coleman describes the effects of a marijuana-infused lubricant to customers inside the Medicine Man cannabis dispensary in Denver on April 19 , 2017 . Thousands of marijuana tourists are visiting Denver -- and stocking up in stores like Medicine Man -- for the annual 420 celebration . ( Photo11 : Trevor Hughes , USA TODAY )
Steve DeAngelo , one of California 's best-known medical marijuana business owners and advocates , said he worries the new regulations will artificially limit the supply early next year , potentially driving up prices .
“ Cannabis consumers deserve the same choices enjoyed by shoppers at the grocery store . While everybody would like to be able to afford heirloom tomatoes , meticulously tended in small patches and selling for $ 5.99 a pound — most families ca n't afford them , ” said DeAngelo , the CEO of Oakland-based Harborside cannabis dispensary . “ Most can only afford the lower-priced tomatoes grown by larger , more efficient farms . And thankfully for these consumers , regulations allow the existence of such tomato farms . ”
A box of joints awaits customers at Harborside Health Center in Oakland , Calif. ( Photo11 : Trevor Hughes , USA TODAY )
Still , the state faces major challenges in the coming months , said Kevin Sabet , the director of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana , which warns that California 's legalization of marijuana is creating a new Big Tobacco industry because many Americans do n't see the broader consequences of widespread cannabis cultivation and consumption .
Data about how legalization has affected cannabis use rates , particularly among kids , remains consistently unreliable . Marijuana remains entirely illegal at the federal level , most banks refuse to handle cannabis cash and employers are struggling with how to handle routine drug testing for workers in states where pot is legal .
More : Recreational pot is coming to California . Here 's a map of dispensaries in the Coachella Valley
Knowing those challenges , Sabet said California should have taken more time to work out the kinks .
“ Prop . 64 was written with this expedited timeline because the industry was its main author . And the industry only makes money if things are rolled out quickly , without much thought about the actual way this will operate . California is not ready for recreational legalization , ” Sabet said . “ The only people who will benefit from this rollout are the Silicon Valley billionaires who have invested in this whole thing . ”
Silicon Valley billionaires heavily backed Prop . 64 , particularly Napster co-founder and former Facebook president Sean Parker , who donated more than $ 1 million to the November 2016 ballot measure .
Some industry experts say they believe venture capitalists hope to commoditize cannabis production and create a legitimate cash crop . “ We 're going to have more Budweiser than craft brewers , ” said Lilga , the distributor . “ I can tell you it 's not fun at all . This is the epitome of the corporate model . ”
That corporate model is expected to generate hefty tax returns for the state : $ 300- $ 500 million in marijuana taxes in the first year , according to cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data . That estimate does n't include local sales taxes and depends heavily on how quickly the industry ramps up .
Former California Attorney General Bill Lockyer counts himself as both a responsible member of the community and someone who thinks legal cannabis can be done right . Lockyer , who was in office as medical marijuana became widespread in California , said he thinks the new recreational pot regulations are far better than the state 's original medical marijuana rules — so much that he 's co-founding a marijuana distribution company with colleagues drawn from the brewing and alcohol-distribution fields .
“ This is the right thing for California , and we 're trying to do it in a legal and smart way , ” he said . “ If it winds up helping pay for my kids ' college education , I wo n't complain about that . ”
Jars of legal recreational marijuana sit on the shelf of a Denver pot shop . A new study says nearly 60 % of Americans now support marijuana legalization . ( Photo11 : Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY )
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2Ce4hem
Broadly speaking , there are two types of mystery stories : whodunnits and whydunnits . We read a mystery story to find out who committed the crime ( with the why , the motive , often serving to help the investigator find the culprit ) , or we read knowing from early on whom the guilty party is as the story lays out the reasons , psychological and otherwise , that prompted the crime . An intriguing subclass of the whodunit is the inverted detective story . In this type , the howcatchem , the crime , and usually the perpetrator are shown at the story 's beginning . The main thrust of the drama here becomes how the detective goes about solving the crime and catching , or killing , the perpetrator . Nearly every episode of Columbo follows this format and , more recently , Luther . But what about a mystery story where , from the first pages , the reader knows who did the crime , why they did it , who they killed and how the person was killed – yet no detective solves anything ? In Chronicle of a Death Foretold , the setting is a small village in Colombia , South America , and to add to the excess of information known , not only does the reader know all the crime 's particulars , but the characters in the story , the village residents , know before the fatal act occurs who will be killed , by whom , and why . Everyone even remotely connected to the killing knows the pertinent facts , with the possible exception of the victim . When all the typical questions that a mystery story answers are answered from the get-go , what kind of mystery is left ? What does the narrative 's investigator need to investigate ? It 's precisely these enigmatic areas that are explored in Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's novel .
The story 's basic ingredients are simple . On the night of their wedding , Bayardo San Roman discovers that Angela Vicario is not a virgin . Outraged , he immediately brings her back to her family house , where her mother beats her for her transgression . Under the rain of blows , she eventually says that Santiago Nasar , a well-to-do villager , is the man who violated her . Santiago Nasar has no established connection to her at all , but at once , without doing anything to verify her accusation , Angela 's twin brothers , Pedro and Pablo , vow to uphold the family 's honor . Fulfillment of this duty can come about in only one way – by killing the violator . The brothers mark Santiago Nasar for death , and before dawn , they arm themselves with enormous knives they have used when slaughtering pigs . The catch is that the self-appointed killers do n't want to do this deed . Far from hatching a plan in secret , they do everything they can to make their designs known . Armed with their knives the morning of the planned killing , they sharpen the weapons out in the open at the meat market :
…There were n't very many customers that early , but twenty-two people declared they had heard everything said , and they all coincided in the impression that the only reason the brothers had said it was so that someone would come over to hear them… …Finally , they made the knives sing on the stone , and Pablo laid his beside the lamp so that the steel sparkled . “ We 're going to kill Santiago Nasar , ” he said . Their reputation as good people was so well-founded that no one paid any attention to them . “ We thought it was drunkards ' baloney , ” several butchers declared , just as Victoria Guzman and so many others did who saw them later…
As the hours pass , the brothers repeatedly state their intentions to anyone who will listen . It 's clear that they want someone , anyone , to prevent them from going ahead with the killing . By the time the act is about to occur , as the narrator says , “ there were very few of us who did n't know that the Vicario twins were waiting for Santiago Nasar to kill him , and in addition , the reasons were understood down to the smallest detail. ” Yet there is no conspiracy , no maliciousness on anyone 's part . Nasar lives a well-adjusted life in a house with his loving mother , and it 's not as if any townspeople beside the Vicarios want him to die . Nevertheless , for a variety of reasons , nobody stops the brothers and nobody manages to warn Santiago Nasar . Misunderstandings and miscommunications unfold in a way both funny and horrifying . “ There had never been a death more foretold , ” the narrator says , but in this South American village , foreknowledge stops nothing .
The unnamed narrator functions as the tale 's investigator . He was a young man in the town when the killing occurred and relates his chronicle twenty seven years after the events . He has the deadpan tone of a journalist simply trying to assemble the facts and get at the “ truth ” , but the more he learns about what happened , the odder the story becomes . In effect , he 's investigating not just a murder committed by two men , but an entire town 's complicity in that murder , and by extension , an entire culture with It 's own very specific mentality .
Time is presented in a fascinating way in Chronicle of a Death Foretold . The standard mystery novel investigation proceeds in a linear fashion . The plot may be complex and the past may play a large role in influencing the present , but the detective pushes through the suspects and clues , determined to move forward and make progress in the case . There are false leads , distractions , and obstacles and the detective backtracks when necessary , but the main thrust of the narrative is straight ahead until the detective arrives at the solution . In Chronicle of a Death Foretold , by contrast , the structure is circular ; the narrator tells the tale in such a way that time keeps looping back on itself . Each section begins at a certain point within the few hours that covers the novel 's central action , but then the tale goes off into flashbacks and flash forwards , digressions , commentaries on the different people involved . Needless to say , Marquez 's craftsmanship is impeccable , and despite all the jumping around , the narrative is extremely tight . In no more than 140 pages , we learn about the histories of numerous characters . We get their backgrounds leading up to the fateful day , and with some , we find out where life took them after the murder . The narrator 's journalistic voice is the novel 's main one , but often he quotes other people , friends of his from the town , acquaintances . It 's a vivid mosaic Marquez creates , a jigsaw puzzle of conflicting perceptions , dreams , thoughts , ambitions , and desires , and the total effect of it all is uncertainty . Yes , we know in great detail exactly what transpired the day Santiago Nasar was killed , but at the same time , somehow , like the people who are part of the drama , we do n't understand a damn thing . As the narrator keeps going over the same events from different perspectives , asking questions about this or that incident or encounter , trying to tease out meanings , the story feels more and more dreamlike . The people are like sleepwalkers , or figures moving through a prearranged ritual . While Chronicle of a Death Foretold , strictly speaking , is not a work of magical realism ( nothing supernatural happens in it ) , it ranks among the strangest of Marquez 's works specifically because it is based in quotidian “ reality ” and that reality is inexplicable . Indeed , the narrator describes a judge who writes a 500 page brief about the case but who himself ca n't grasp its core . The case disturbs the judge because “ he never thought it legitimate that life should make use of so many coincidences forbidden literature , so that there should be the untrammeled fulfillment of a death so clearly foretold . ”
As a matter of fact , the novel does derive from actual events . In 1951 , in Sucre , Colombia , a Marquez childhood friend , a medical student from an affluent family , was murdered for supposedly deflowering a young bride . Years later , the man serving as the basis for Bayardo San Roman sued Marquez for using him as that character 's model and declared that he should get 50 % of the book 's royalties and a co-author credit . Litigation lasted for seventeen years . In the end , the court ruled in Marquez 's favor on both counts , stating , well , the obvious – that “ Hundreds of literary , artistic , and cinematographic works have had as their central story facts from real life ” , and that the plaintiff should not be credited as co-author because he “ could never have employed the literary language that was actually used . ”
Marquez was in college studying journalism when the murder occurred , and he heard the news about it from a friend who lived in Sucre . In his autobiography , he says that he wanted at once to write a report on the crime . Yet as time passed , his thinking changed and what came to interest him was “ no longer the crime itself but the literary theme of collective responsibility ” . The inverted detective story structure suits this theme perfectly , but what 's striking is how thoroughly Marquez subverts even this structure . The traditional inverted mystery poses the investigator with a challenge because the murder committed was well-planned and smoothly executed . The means are elaborate and difficult for the detective to figure out . Often the fun resides in watching the detective work through solving what the arrogant criminal thinks is the perfect murder . But there is no need for deductive brilliance in Chronicle : Marquez 's killers are imperfect and inept in every way .
They are also brutal . Marquez saves the murder for the very last scene in the book , and he does not stint on graphic detail :
Actually , Santiago Nasar was n't falling because they themselves were holding him up with stabs against the door . Desperate , Pablo Vicario gave him a horizontal slash on the stomach , and all his intestines exploded out . Pedro Vicario was about to do the same , but his wrist twisted with horror and he gave him a wild cut on the thigh . Santiago Nasar was still for an instant , leaning against the door , until he saw his own viscera in the sunlight , clean and blue , and he fell on his knees .
The final absurd touch is how , once stabbed repeatedly against his front door , Santiago Nasar picks up his entrails and walks all the way around the side of his house – a good one hundred yards – to enter by the back door . He wipes dirt off his guts , smiles at some neighbors having breakfast , and dies in his kitchen . While this finale strikes one as a Marquez touch , one tragic detail apparently is not . Before the stabbing , as he nears the front door , Santiago Nasar sees his killers waiting for him . He runs for the door to get inside , but his mother shuts and bolts it from within . Though she sees the brothers with their knives , she does n't see her son approaching from an angle and believes he is already inside , in his bedroom . The victim 's own mother unwittingly seals his doom – something that , according to Marquez in his autobiography , happened during the actual murder .
Marquez says that he did n't write the tale of the Sucre murder till thirty years after the events . He wanted to write it well before that , but his mother begged him not to . The victim 's mother , alive all that time , was a close friend of Marquez 's mother , and his mother remained opposed to a story despite everything Marquez argued . He says “ it seemed a lack of respect to write it without her permission ” . Only after the victim 's mother died ( “ without ever getting over the loss of her son ” ) did Marquez 's mother relent , saying he could write the story if he chose to . She never read it , though . As she told Marquez , she had a reason for avoiding it : “ Something that turned out so awful in life ca n't turn out well in a book . ”
Um , if I might , with all due respect to Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's mother , about the book he wrote – she was wrong .
Scott Adlerberg lives in New York City . He co-hosts the Word for Word Reel Talks film commentary series each summer at the HBO Bryant Park Summer Film Festival in Manhattan . He blogs about books , movies , and writing at Scott Adlerberg 's Mysterious Island . His most recent book is the genre-blending noir\fantasy novella Jungle Horses , available from Broken River Books .
How Publishers Repeated The Same Mistake As Record Labels : DRM Obsession Gave Amazon Dominant Position
from the very-predictable dept
I often blame Napster for the typical book publisher 's fear of piracy . Publishers saw what happened in the music industry and figured the only way they 'd make their book content available digitally was to tightly wrap it with DRM . The irony of this is that some of the most highly pirated books were never released as ebooks . Thanks to the magic of high-speed scanner technology , any print book can easily be converted to an ebook and distributed illegally . Some publishers do n't want to hear this , but the truth is that DRM can be hacked . It does not eliminate piracy . It not only fails as a piracy deterrent , but it also introduces restrictions that make ebooks less attractive than print books . We 've all read a print book and passed it along to a friend . Good luck doing that with a DRM 'd ebook ! What publishers do n't seem to understand is that DRM implies a lack of trust . All customers are considered thieves and must be treated accordingly . The evil of DRM does n't end there , though . Author Charlie Stross recently wrote a terrific blog post entitled `` Cutting Their Own Throats . '' It 's all about how publisher fear has enabled a big ebook player like Amazon to further reinforce its market position , often at the expense of publishers and authors . It 's an unintended consequence of DRM that 's impacting our entire industry .
As ebook sales mushroom , the Big Six 's insistence on DRM has proven to be a hideous mistake . Rather than reducing piracy , it has locked customers in Amazon 's walled garden , which in turn increases Amazon 's leverage over publishers . And unlike pirated copies ( which do n't automatically represent lost sales ) Amazon is a direct revenue threat because Amazon are had no qualms about squeezing their suppliers — or trying to poach authors for their `` direct '' publishing channel by offering initially favourable terms . ( Which will doubtless get a lot less favourable once the monopoly is secured ... )
If the big six began selling ebooks without DRM , readers would at least be able to buy from other retailers and read their ebooks on whatever platform they wanted , thus eroding Amazon 's monopoly position . But it 's not clear that the folks in the boardrooms are agile enough to recognize the tar pit they 've fallen into ...
One of the more amazing things over the past decade or so is just how clueless legacy content companies are when it comes to the realities of DRM . For years , content creators have misunderstood the issue of online infringement entirely -- assuming that the effort had to be focused on somehow `` protecting '' works and ratcheting up infringement , rather than giving users more of what they wanted . The dirty secret of DRM is that it does exactly the opposite of what the content companies wanted : rather than protect works , it basically hands all the power in a market to a singleprovider , stripping much of the content companies ' abilities to control their own markets.We saw this in the music market first . Even as Steve Jobs was clear that he thought DRM was a stupid idea for music , he was happy to give the record labels what they `` wanted '' in the early years : building DRM into the early version of iTunes . Of course , this did absolutely nothing to stop infringement . Because all you need is acopy to get out in the wild , and then all DRM is completely useless on that particular piece of content . So Apple 's DRM did absolutely nothing to stop file sharing ... but it did make Apple the most powerful player in the music market . Because the DRM locked people into Apple 's platform , and there was no significant competition at the time , once people started using Apple , they were pretty much locked in . And the labelsit , even though it was their own damn fault in demanding DRM . Eventually , of course , the labels agreed to give up DRM , by which point Apple was already so dominant that no one really challenged their position , though alternatives are finally starting to get more serious.Three years ago , we noted that book publishers were bizarrely making the exact same mistake with Amazon . Publishers , just like the labels , were so focused on theside that they were adamant about having DRM . And , once again , all this has done is lock people into the Kindle platform , and made it ( by far ) the most dominant player ... which people ca n't really get out of.I was reminded of this after reading Joe Wikert 's call for the end of ebook DRM , noting that all it had really done was give all the power to Amazon : That Charlie Stross piece is also a great read , and makes the point pretty explicitly that the publishers created their own problem by insisting on DRM 'd ebooks : What 's truly amazing about this was just how obvious it was years ago when we ( and many others ) pointed this out . I mean , with the music execs you couldunderstand the mistake , because if you really do n't think through a few steps out , you could be forgiven for thinking that DRM makes sense as a protectionist measure . But if you 're a Big Six publisher , you did n't even have to think ahead a few moves . You just had to look at the monster the labelsby demanding DRM in iTunes ( something they 'd already started to move away from just as the Kindle was ramping up ) and realize that demanding DRM would create the same situation with Amazon . But what 's evenamazing is the fact that the big publishershave n't figured this out so many years later.If the big publishers end up failing , it 's their own damn fault for being perhaps the least perceptive strategists around . I can only imagine how bad they are at playing chess .
Filed Under : drm , ebooks , economics , kindle , music , publishers
Companies : amazon , apple
Printer Friendly Version Niyamgiri Hills Activist Loses His Battle With Vedanta And Commits Suicide By Countercurrents.org 28 November , 2015
Tweet WhatsApp Share Share on Tumblr Comments are moderated
Note : This article originally appeared in the February 2011 issue of Game Informer ( # 214 )
The topic of race can be an explosive one , and like in other media forms , who we are is not always reflected in what we see in the games we play . Our favorite hobby has a well-documented history of under-representing racial minorities in its characters . One study of the top 150 video games conducted in 2009 by Dmitri Williams , a social psychologist and assistant professor at the USC Annenberg School for Communication , revealed an over-sampling of white male characters and an under-representation of minority populations such as Latinos in games .
This is n't just a problem on your TV screen ; the absence of diversity can be a problem behind the scenes at your favorite developer as well . IGDA 's Game Developer Demographics Report in 2005 noted that of the almost 6,500 developers surveyed , the white and Asian demographics were overrepresented . A lack of diversity is n't just a philosophical argument , but a situation that could affect what you play . Developers have a hard enough time creating compelling , successful content , so how do they untangle the intersecting lines of social justice , consumer desires , and developer responsibility and still come out with a game that 's a fun , inviting experience for everyone ? We talked to some developers about racial diversity in video games and why this is an important topic for all gamers .
“ If it ai n't fun , nothing else really matters , ” says Morgan Gray , development director at 2K Marin . Gray 's comment is in regards to whether developers have a responsibility to make characters in games more racially diverse , but his answer is the same one developer everywhere evoke in any situation . If creating great games is the main duty of any developer , why does race come into the equation ?
Video games ' status as an interactive medium gives it the capacity to tell a unique truth to its audience . Part of that truth is strained when all the player sees are straight , white , male protagonists , just as it does with bad AI or poor graphics . A lack of racial diversity in characters also limits the palette of stories for the player by restricting the kinds of experiences protagonists of different backgrounds can bring to the table – whether that 's race , gender , sexual orientation , or religious beliefs .
Building an avatar in games like Mass Effect is a natural tool to allow the player to create whatever diversity they want , including the chance to see themselves reflected in the game they are playing . Although this is n't an option for every game , and it would be obnoxious and conspicuous to force minority characters everywhere just for the sake of it , it 's a step in the right direction even if there is still much work to be done to bring new stories and backgrounds to light .
Games like Mass Effect have character customization , but this is just a first step towards offering different experiences
Developing Diversity
One path towards getting more racial diversity in our video game characters is on the ground floor with the developers themselves . Similar to the question of whether some games can be realistic if everyone is white comes the problem of whether a predominately white game studio can create stories of different backgrounds without verging into the dangerous territory of stereotyping . Gray does n't believe this is an insurmountable problem . “ If we look out to the broad entertainment world we can have hundreds of examples of people creating characters very much different than themselves . In fact , the ability to create a broad range of characters is something all talented creators do all the time , be it creating a character of different race , or gender , or social stature , etc . The issue of whether or not the characters created in this way end up being a stereotype or caricature is chiefly related to the creator 's skill level or intent . ”
Hiring a diverse group of developers also has its benefits . Jason Della Rocca , former executive director of the International Game Developers Association ( IGDA ) and senior consultant at industry group Perimeter Partners , says that homogeneity of your staff can lead to a cycle of similar games being made . “ The stereotypical teenage boys who grow up playing Halo and Call of Duty that then get a job in the industry and then try and make the next Halo and Call of Duty . How do you insert something else in there ? ”
In his experience , Della Rocca still sees a lack of diversity in studios , but the developers we talked to believed that an individual 's skill was the golden key into the industry . “ From a designer 's perspective , I want a focused , intelligent , and hardcore gamer , ” says David Robinson , producer on Namco Bandai 's Afro Samurai . “ They could have purple stripes for all I care . Just please do n't suck . Be hardworking and have a great attitude , because the job is tough enough already . ”
A meritocratic environment is the ideal situation for any workplace , but as is often the case , finding that talent in the first place may require help . Morgan Gray believes people interested in becoming game developers often simply do n't know how . “ Companies are looking for talent . I think when it comes to getting diversity – and let 's face it , racial diversity is less of an issue than gender diversity in this industry – it 's about letting people know about the opportunities . For the most part , ask anyone under the age of 25 how to get in the game industry and most respondents will say , ‘ I do n't know . ' ”
Giving gamers what they want
At the end of the day , hiring practices and the work developers are doing to diversify video game characters will be wasted if gamers are n't interested . There is no definitive answer on this point , but it 's likely that all anyone wants is a great experience , period . Although some think that games have to stick to what they do best – “ leave the social studies to parents and public broadcasting , ” says Robinson – others think that video games , like other mediums , ca n't help but address it .
“ Games are artistic expression , ” believes Gordon Bellamy , chairman of the IGDA . “ Some of it is super fun , some of it is serious . As leaders in entertainment , I think we 're also leaders in culture . There 's certainly a responsibility that game developers share . They are helping shape our culture . It 's not pure folly , this is art , this is how people are learning about a lot of topics…and they are super fun . ”
Sean Ramjagsingh , producer of EA Sports ' NHL series , thinks that regardless of publisher or even public trepidation , if we want to see more racial diversity in video games and the topic of race handled effectively through our unique medium , it 's up to developers . At the end of the day consumers want a great experience , and he believes that this is something characters with different backgrounds can bring . “ I think it 's on the developers , ” he says . “ If developers feel that they want to have racial diversity in their games , and they can provide a compelling experience around that and tell compelling stories based on those characters they 've created , no matter what race they are , that 's what consumers want . ”
No one solution to bring more racial diversity to video game characters makes sense for every game . Character creators are a great option , but even they are n't without their problems . While they allow a cosmetic expression of race , a person 's background – and how race influences that – ca n't be told by textures alone . If the industry is truly going to offer different experiences to players , developers must take chances and be creative and skillful enough to craft a game that has a story and characters that can confer understanding of different races , genders , sexual orientations , religions , etc . to all players , no matter who they are . This needs to be done in a way that is as true to the people it is representing as it is simply a great game that is so good people ca n't ignore it .
Gamers and sales numbers will ultimately judge whatever ideas developers put forth , but first publishers have to green light projects . Della Rocca believes that the riskier the game , the harder time it might have getting made in the first place . “ I can only speculate , but a lot of corporate decisions are made based on historical sales data . If I 've got this great idea for Cows in Space , and then they look at the data and say , ‘ Jeez , there 's no other Cows in Space games . There 's no history , there 's no competition , there 's no past examples , there 's just no data to support us giving you $ 20 million to make your crazy Cows in Space idea . ' And so the same sort of applies to the diversity question . It 's very much a chicken and egg problem . ”
The path towards a more diverse industry is not clear , but if we do not make an attempt , we 'll get the same game experiences over and over again and not even understand what we 're missing . Video games thrive on new ideas , and this is exactly what 's at stake . “ I think it 's great that our industry finds ways to celebrate diversity , the same way we continue to celebrate new ideas , ” Bellamy says . “ Because that 's what propels gaming forward . Therein lies some of the power of diversity . Its ability – just as it does in all areas of culture – to bring in new ideas , but also combine influences . It 's like Dead Rising 2 – the joy of combination is what it 's all about ! ”
The Tale of Afro Samurai
2009 's Afro Samurai ( based on the manga by Takashi Okazaki ) featured a black samurai named Afro seeking revenge for the death of his father . David Robinson , who produced the game , feels that Afro 's race was handled perfectly . “ In developing his character , Afro was an homage to all the blaxploitation characters we grew up with . And in my asking Namco Bandai to take in the franchise , I thought it was a bold move . Few studios would have risked it . The Grand Theft Auto series has plenty of black characters , but all seem to fall into the same traps . From a studio perspective , Afro represented Namco Bandai showing the world it understood and appreciated art for art 's sake . And the combining of Japanese culture and something uniquely American was a huge bonus . ”
Making Memories
We asked developers if there were any moments in their past that first made them aware of characters ' race in video games .
Gordon Bellamy ( IGDA chairman )
“ Black Guile [ Super Street Fighter II : The New Challengers gave you the option to play Guile with an African-American skin – ed. ] . Black Guile was the most incredible moment , and here 's why . There was Balrog , but Black Guile – in a game that we all loved – really spoke to , racially , ethnically , we can all be Guile . There 's a sonic boom in all of us ! It was really empowering in having that choice . ”
David Robinson ( producer , Afro Samurai )
“ Growing up black in the ‘ 70- ‘ 80s , there was n't a lot that the media gave us ( minorities ) something to be proud of or to feel as if we belonged and were loved in this society . But seeing Magnum P.I . 's best friend , a black helicopter pilot , changed my life completely . I still remember the day my friend Joe Silva told me on the playground in 6th grade about this ‘ cool show where there was a black guy who was a helicopter pilot . ' Back then if you saw something on TV as a kid , that meant it was achievable , real , something that had to be possible . That spring board of ‘ you can do that too ' got me into college and flight school . My desk is covered in helicopters as I speak to you now because of T.C . from Magnum P.I . ”
Not only is this clearly the first book in a series .. something the reader only figures out at the end .. but it is so stupid . The premise sounds great from the authors dust jacket , but the characters are so unrealistic that it makes the book suck . The plot is weak and kind of sick as well . You really have to be willing too read and believe almost anything to want to read this book . Here is a better summary of what the book is about verus what the book jacket says . SPOILER ALERT : Do not read below if you plan on still reading this book after I have warned you .
New Book Jacket :
A spulunker IT tech guy goes spulunking , feels a earthquake and gets trapped for a few weeks . When he gets out the world has been demolited and has become a man kill man world all in the matter off a few weeks . When he almost gets killed right away by the first survivors he meets and is spared by one of them , he shows his appreciation by killing the next two people he meets who are a father and son group . Then he kills the first two survivors he met previously in retalation . Taking survival of the fittest to a whole new level . Then he goes in search of his clearly dead wife ( Seattle has been nuked ) , while miraculously suriving radiation to come across two more survivors who he immediately kills and pisses of the mom of them who he ends up killing as well . Then he goes and rapes the daughter of the first two people he kills all in the name of surivial ! A most read for those who like this kind of horse dung !
GOP sounds the alarm on Ryan Republican strategists fret about Ryan ; the VP pick 's Koch ties ; and other top Wednesday stories
Republican pros have buyer 's remorse on Ryan : We noted yesterday that Mitt Romney 's selection of Rep. Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential nominee could spell trouble down the ballot , and now Politico and the Hill report today that Republican strategists are privately fretting about the choice . “ There are a lot of races that are close to the line we 're not going to win now because they 're going to battle out who 's going to kill grandma first ... It could put the Senate out of reach . In the House it puts a bunch of races in play that would have otherwise been safe , ” one unnamed Republican strategist told the Hill . “ Very not helpful down ballot -- very , ” an unnamed strategist told Politico . “ This is the day the music died , ” another unnamed operative , who is working for a 2012 candidate , added . Yet another told Politico , “ The good news is that this ticket now has a vision . The bad news is that vision is basically just a chart of numbers used to justify policies that are extremely unpopular . ”
Politico sums up its findings : “ In more than three dozen interviews with Republican strategists and campaign operatives -- old hands and rising next-generation conservatives alike -- the most common reactions to Ryan ranged from gnawing apprehension to hair-on-fire anger that Romney has practically ceded the election . ”
Advertisement :
Ryan and the Kochs : One facet of Ryan 's career that has gone largely unnoticed so far is his unusual closeness with many deep-pocketed Republican donors . The New York Times reports that Ryan is “ one of a very few elected officials ” who has attended the Koch brothers ' biannual conservative strategy sessions and that he is on close personal terms with other big donors . He has done special events with the Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity and the Wall Street-backed Club for Growth , among other groups .
Consolation prizes : New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie may not have gotten the V.P . slot , but he 'll be giving the keynote address at the Republican National Convention in Tampa later this month . Meanwhile , Sen. Marco Rubio , another contender for the V.P . pick , will introduce Romney 's speech at the convention .
Jackson Jr. treated : Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , the Illinois Democrat who is the son of the civil rights leader , is being treated for bipolar disorder at the Minnesota-based Mayo Clinic . Jackson disappeared months ago before it was revealed that he was being treated at Mayo several weeks ago . The clinic said Jackson `` is responding well to the treatment and regaining his strength , '' but declined to say if or when Jackson would return to work . `` Bipolar II disorder is a treatable condition that affects parts of the brain controlling emotion , thought and drive and is most likely caused by a complex set of genetic and environmental factors , '' Mayo 's statement reads .
Perry : States ' rights trump gun rights : After the tragic shooting at Texas A & M yesterday that left three dead , Texas Gov . Rick Perry affirmed the importance of gun rights and said he opposed new gun regulations . However , he said it should be up to states to decide what to do with guns , which puts him to the left of the NRA , which believes that states should not be allowed to make strict new gun regulations .
Portland police say a federal guard killed himself outside the U.S . Courthouse in downtown Portland , where he worked .
The Department of Homeland Security says supervisory special agent Darrell Souza was a long-time federal employee .
Portland police say they received an early morning call Thursday from the Federal Protective Service , the branch of government for which Souza worked .
The feds called Portland police and told them Souza was in front of the courthouse and was planning to kill himself .
Police spokesman Brian Schmautz says they found the dead body on the sidewalk when they arrived .
Brian Schmautz : “ So we went out there , we confirmed he was deceased , there was no evidence to believe it was anything other than suicide and so we immediately suspended our investigation . ”
No further information on a possible motive is available .
The revelations were made on during a German television documentary ( Picture : Markencheck/ARD )
A 45-minute documentary claims that workers responsible for creating key ingredients for Haribo products were being kept in horrifying conditions .
The film Markencheck – which translates as brand check – created by German broadcaster ARD , examined the health and production of the German sweetmaker 's products , which are sold all over the world .
It claims to have found that carnauba wax , applied to gummy bears to make them glossy and prevent them from sticking together , is being made by some of Brazil 's poorest workers .
Donald Trump 's ex-fixer Michael Cohen banned from working as lawyer
Carnauba wax is taken from the leaves of carnauba palm trees , which only grow in Brazil 's northeastern states of Piaui , Ceara , Maranhao , Bahia and Rio Grande do Norte – among the country 's poorest regions .
The filmmakers claim to have found that Haribo was sourcing its carnauba wax from plantations where workers earned 40 Brazilian real ( around £9.50 ) a day to cut the leaves down and were forced to sleep outside or in trucks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
They also say the workers had no access to toilets and had to drink unfiltered water straight from nearby rivers .
The conditions on the plantations are so poor that the Brazilian police occasionally carry out raids to free the workers , according to the ARD film .
Germany : Haribo store in the center of Bonn ( Picture : PA )
Germany 's branch of Amnesty International said it was up to German companies , as well as the government , to check that suppliers do n't commit or contribute to human rights abuses .
‘ If there are human rights abuses , they have to provide remedy and compensation , ' Lena Rohrbach , economy expert at Amnesty Germany , told German press .
A spokesperson from Haribo told metro.co.uk : ‘ We are aware of the serious allegations that have been made and an urgent investigation is underway to help us establish the facts .
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit , BO and feet break into family 's house to shower
‘ Our production processes are of the utmost importance and we ask all suppliers to adhere to the strictest social and ethical standards .
‘ We have always believed such standards to be indivisible and non-negotiable . '
In response to the ARD documentary , Haribo told Deutsche Welle the company was not aware of any ‘ violation of our guidelines ' but that it would ‘ proactively ' pursue the issues with its suppliers .
According to the Global Slavery Index , there is an estimated 40,3 million people trapped in forms of modern slavery and it 's believed that only 1 % are ever freed .
For all the unpredictable tumult of the 2016 election and for all the candidates pledging to upend the status quo , one of Wall Street 's largest power players says that the most likely outcome is almost no real policy changes — but there may be a higher-than-normal chance of a recession .
In a paper timed to the first debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , Citigroup told its clients that “ the probability of the status quo continuing for U.S. politics seems high. ” The paper — produced by the bank unit that works specifically with ultra-wealthy clients — also said that “ a consensus of forecasters currently puts the probability of a Clinton victory at 68 percent , ” and that most expect Republicans to retain control of the U.S. House .
“ What does this mean ? ” the paper asked . “ Divided U.S. government , with no major policy breakthroughs or break-ups looks most likely . ”
Mega-bank Goldman Sachs also released a letter to investors Monday , assuring them that whether Clinton or Trump won , there were still opportunities to made money .
Clinton is the top recipient of Citigroup campaign cash in the 2016 election , having raised more than $ 176,000 from donors at the firm , according to data compiled by the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics . Donors from the bank were collectively Clinton 's fifth largest contributor during her 2008 presidential run , and her fourth largest contributor when she was a U.S. senator .
In a companion report issued earlier this month , the bank explicitly reassured investors that despite her promises of sweeping initiatives , “ Clinton policies represent ‘ nuanced ' changes , largely status quo . ”
As for Trump , the bank says that in theory he could usher in more disruption with his proposals to alter America 's trade and immigration policies . However , Citigroup analysts suggest that Trump may face obstacles to implementing his agenda because it is difficult to know “ the extent to which a Republican Congress would support a prospective Trump administration 's agenda given widely reported policy differences . ”
Where stability may be more explicitly threatened , though , is in the performance of the larger economy .
Analysts at the financial conglomerate noted that its research showed that “ recessions have been roughly three times more frequent in years that overlapped a new U.S. president 's first year in office than at other times during the past century. ” In a corresponding report issued earlier in the month , Citibank found that “ of the eleven post-World War II U.S. recessions , eight have overlapped a new president 's first year in office . ”
Happiness , or well-being , is a state that affects every cell in the body . This feeling lives within but can become buried in the debris of self-doubt , depression , low self esteem , environmental factors , unhealthy choices , poor diet , and just about everything else our modern lifestyles throw at us . Human beings are saturated with the negativity that can be transmitted from television , the Internet , cell phone texts , social networks , traffic and much more . The good news is , there are many safe techniques designed to help people to not only cope , but to take control of their unbalanced conditions . One such technique is self-talk , or self-hypnosis .
Get Happy Using Positive Mind Work
We are all masters at self-hypnosis as we actively participate in the time honored practice of either telling ourselves how good we are or how bad we are at any given moment .
According to licensed hypnotherapist Carrie Apap , “ The subconscious mind is like the hard drive in a computer ; everything gets stored here , both good and bad . We are being programmed since birth and our hard drives begin storing information immediately after the first breath of air from perhaps the safest place – the womb . ”
So , the more you feed your mind/computer with positive thoughts , the higher you may function and the happier you will feel . The more you engage in negative feedback , the worse you feel . The subconscious mind loves repetition and it 's always alert to new thoughts , therefore , if you continue feeding this part of your mind with negativity , guess what 's going to happen ? But if you reach for a higher thought and focus only on good things , you can clear the bad and make way for the good .
One woman shared the story of how she spent most of her adult life in great physical pain , therefore she could not feel a sense of well-being because of her physical ailments . She went through the course of doctors and medications and finally made the decision to try affirmations , or positive self-talk , after reading how this technique could help .
“ At first , if did n't feel true , ” she admitted .
“ Here I was in constant pain and I was telling myself that I was in excellent health . It was a battle between the physical pain and the affirmations I was using . ”
Affirmations are tricky because initially , they feel like big , fat lies !
We 've been taught not to lie . Most of us have been conditioned to believe that we ca n't simply think our way to better health . Self-hypnosis is not a replacement for a medical professional , rather a tool to get the mind moving in a better direction in order to facilitate healing .
Remember , the conscious mind :
looks
listens
learns
analyzes
criticizes
judges
accepts
rejects
The subconscious mind :
is like the hard drive of a computer
is programmed with thought and emotion
loves repetition
is always alert whether sleeping , in a coma , or under an anesthetic
Below are a few quick tips on achieving a happier state of mind :
Mindfulness
This term seems to be trending pretty steadily – it 's basically the art of paying attention to your thoughts . This word also can mean tapping in to what you are thinking and how these thoughts make you feel . One can say being mindful is akin to meditating . Living a life on autopilot robs us of the day-to-day experiences of enjoying the air we breathe or the sound of the wind . Noticing the little things throughout the day help with staying focused on living in the present and appreciating our lives just a little bit more .
Taking this idea to another level , let 's just say that if you can live in the present and stay focused on what is going on now , rather than earlier in the day , last night or even five years ago , then you 've learned how to live in this very moment .
Stay Motivated
Listen to positive materials . Instead of music , try an inspirational audio book or series and listen to the messages while driving or in your home . In time , it will be possible to override the negative feedback loop playing in your mind .
Seek help
Do n't be embarrassed to get professional help . Unloading your burden onto the shoulders of an unbiased person who can listen without judgment can often work wonders .
Pay attention
Be aware of what you are doing now . Pay attention , breathe and live in the moment .
Breathe
Whether at work or at home , take five minutes to sit with your feet planted on the floor . Sit up straight and take a deep breath . Hold that breath for several seconds and slowly exhale . Repeat this simple task several times a day while being mindful of your thoughts .
Drink water
It 's a medical fact that staying hydrated boosts physical and cognitive performance . Dehydration can cause mood swings , among other problems . Drinking plenty of fluids helps with short-term memory , too , and naturally operating on an even keel helps with maintaining a state of happiness . Proper hydration also helps prevent fatigue and confusion .
Exercise
Physical activity , even in short bursts , does wonders to lift the mind and spirit . Experts reveal that Exercise releases endorphins , which create feelings of euphoria . Studies show that a little physical exertion may alleviate depression and anxiety . Just a few minutes of some form of healthy activity can boost your mood .
Comments
A Harvard University study has revealed that more than half of all police killings in the U.S. in 2015 had been reported incorrectly and thus were not classified as such . In these cases , citizens who were killed in an altercation with law enforcement were mislabeled and thus not recorded as having died at the hands of law enforcement .
This suggests that the statistics regarding the number of American citizens killed by police have been drastically underestimated — in 2015 , and likely in other years if the problem proves as systemic as it appears from the study .
Advertisement :
The Harvard study revealed that the government 's data regarding citizens killed by law enforcement was both questionable and inaccurate in many cases .
`` Right now the data quality is bad and unacceptable , '' lead researcher Justin Feldman told The Guardian . `` To effectively address the problem of law enforcement-related deaths , the public needs better data about who is being killed , where , and under what circumstances . ''
The Guardian began tracking police killings with `` an interactive , crowdsourced database '' called `` The Counted '' in 2015 . The Harvard study used data collected by The Counted and compared it with the National Vital Statistics System ( NVSS ) , a dataset used by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
The NVSS data `` was found to have misclassified 55.2 percent of all police killings , with the errors occurring disproportionately in low-income jurisdictions , '' The Guardian reported .
In 1949 NVSS data added a new cause-of-death category titled `` legal intervention . '' Generally , the onus is on local medical examiners and coroners to mark cause-of-death in the correct category . This information is recorded on death certificates and then sent to the CDC .
The Harvard study found that the `` legal intervention '' category had been misused . The Guardian elaborated :
Advertisement :
To assess how accurately that classification was being used , the team took the 1,146 police-related deaths recorded by The Counted in 2015 , removed 60 cases that did not fit the criteria of the CDC 's “ legal intervention ” category and requested death certificate data for the remaining 1,086 individuals . They found that a majority , 599 deaths , were classified as resulting from something other than legal intervention – principally “ assault . ”
Accuracy varied between states . For example , in Washington state , 17.6 percent of cases that should have been ticked as deaths due to `` legal intervention '' ( read : deaths at the hands of police ) were misclassified . In Oklahoma , 100 percent were .
`` [ Oklahoma ] had more than 30 people '' who were killed by police in 2015 , Feldman told The Guardian . `` None of them were counted on death certificates . ''
He added , `` We hope that this paper is a call to action to improve public health reporting , whether that 's following a method like the Guardian did by integrating media sources better , or by changing the policy around requiring clinicians [ medical examiners and coroners ] to report these deaths . ''
The problem is unique to law enforcement-related deaths . A 2014 study of homicides showed that 99 percent were recorded accurately on death certificates , The Guardian reported .
Advertisement :
Unsurprisingly , the misclassification mistakes appeared disproportionately in low-income areas . The vast majority of police killings occur in neighborhoods with average household incomes under $ 100,000 .
The Harvard study shines light on the violent trend of police killings in the United States , a topic that has been in the public spotlight for the past few years . Law enforcement agencies in other countries are far more effective at battling crime without producing as many deaths . Some researchers believe this disparity is due to differences in training and American gun laws .
Law enforcement in the U.S. is on track to kill 1,000 people this year , which would make it the third such year in a row that the numbers have been in the four-figure range .
Advertisement :
President Donald Trump has indicated that he has no intention of fighting abuse or systemic racism within American law enforcement . Since his campaign , the president has encouraged police brutality , revamped the war on drugs and publicly berated NFL athletes who sought to draw attention to the issue of systemic police killings of African-Americans .
Alex Megos needed only three tries to send Biographie ( 5.15a ) , two tries for La Rambla ( 5.15a ) , two hours for Action Directe ( 5.14d ) , and one try to climb Estado Critico , claiming the world 's first 5.14d onsight . It 's no wonder why Megos has now turned to unclimbed projects at the cliffs he visits .
Two weeks ago , Megos made the impressive first ascent of Et dieu créa la Flemme ( 5.14d ) in Ceüse , France .
Rock and Ice caught up with Megos to hear more about his new route , his plans for the future and more .
Why did Et dieu créa la Flemme catch your attention ?
Simple answer . Because it was still a project , so unclimbed , and it seemed possible .
How many tries did you need to establish this route ?
It took me two days . I checked it out on the first day , after two tries on another project ( and breaking a hold on that project ) . Then I did four tries still on that day , but could n't do it . So , I returned the next day and did it on the first try of that day . So , in total , five tries .
You ca n't compare it to such routes as Biographie , but it 's definitely a nice route worth climbing . [ The route has ] small and not that good pockets in a steep part of the wall . The crux is a cross move from a crimp into a two finger pocket .
What were your thoughts when you snapped off the crux hold of the other project you were working on ?
Actually , I just thought one thing : Fuck . It 's not possible anymore now . After snapping the hold , I of course tried to find another way to do the crux , but just could n't find anything to get past that sequence . I think it would have been around 9a+ [ 5.15a ] .
Are you beginning to focus more on first ascents ?
Well , I think it 's becoming more and more important now . Some years ago I was hardly doing any first ascents , but that has changed .
I think it 's sometimes the fact that I have climbed everything else but the projects , that 's why I am trying them . But it 's also because I am interested to see how hard I can climb and how I can deal with the fact that the route has never been climbed before and there is no beta , or it might even be not possible .
You 've climbed La Rambla , Action Directe and Biographie all in a matter of hours . How are you able to make such quick work of these incredibly hard routes ?
That 's a hard question , is n't it ? How is Usain Bolt able to run that fast ? Can these questions be answered ?
I think it 's just a mixture of many different things such as training , physiology , a bit of luck from time to time , talent and will .
Have you done any bolting ?
I have done a little bolting , but not that much . I bolted one 7c [ 5.12d ] at Kalymnos , Greece , and placed a few bolts in Frankenjura , Germany . I think I will definitely bolt some more in the future !
Adam Ondra has developed an extremely fast style of climbing . How would you describe your climbing style ?
I would say not too fast and more controlled than dynamic . Doing a dyno is always the very last opportunity I would choose .
Where are you climbing next ?
Well , I am sitting at the airport in Dubai on my way to the Rocklands , South Africa , while answering these questions .
Where do you see yourself in 10 years ?
Climbing , that 's for sure . About the rest I do n't know … Hopefully it 's cool and fun .
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Hyperloop 's chief executive Rob Lloyd signs a deal with Dubai 's head of transport Mattar al-Tayer
Hyperloop One , the firm that wants to build a futuristic super-fast transport system , has announced that the first version may connect Dubai and Abu Dhabi .
In a video , it promised journey times of 12 minutes between the two cities .
The technology is still in testing phase so details of the deal were sketchy .
Initially , it will explore the feasibility of building a line linking the two cities .
Hyperloop was originally an idea from Tesla 's boss and tech entrepreneur Elon Musk , who conceived the technical details of the transport system but left it to commercial firms to make the vision a reality .
The high-speed transportation system would use electric propulsion to accelerate a passenger or cargo pod through a low-pressure tube at speeds of up to 700mph . The vehicle would levitate above the track , which is likely to be built on stilts above the ground .
There are currently two main firms attempting to make it a reality - Hyperloop Transportation Technologies ( HTT ) and Hyperloop One .
Hyperloop One , which hosted its Dubai announcement at the top of the world 's tallest building - the Burj Khalifa - has signed a feasibility deal with the emirate 's roads and transportation agency .
It will explore the possibility of using the technology at Dubai 's Jebel Ali port .
Image copyright Hyperloop One Image caption Hyperloop One produced a graphic to show how its transport system compared with other options
Journey times between Dubai and Abu Dhabi are currently an hour or more .
It suggested that the system could also be used to cut journey times from Dubai to Riyadh to 48 minutes and from Dubai to Doha to 23 minutes .
Rival Hyperloop firm HTT signed a deal in March to bring its technology to Slovakia , aiming to link Bratislava with Vienna and Budapest .
The team at Hyperloop One is expected to unveil the first glimpse of what the transportation pods will look like soon .
Prof David Bailey , from the Aston Business School , said the plan in the United Arab Emirates was `` more feasible '' than previous announcements to use Hyperloop to connect Los Angeles and San Francisco .
`` Building it through the desert means you can plan a route that is straight - it does n't do curves very well - and the government there will see it as a way to be at the forefront of a new technology , '' he told the BBC .
But he added there remained a lot of `` technical and other hurdles '' to overcome , not least whether people would want to travel at such high speeds and in such a manner .
Blizard 's pool of Diablo 3 writers has shrunk with news that Brian Kindregan has now left Blizzard .
Brian was the last of the writers to go , Leonard Boyarsky has departed and Jay Wilson left a while ago . Brian releases a statement on his blog .
After seven years and three major releases ( as well as some small ones , ) I have decided to leave Blizzard . ( Indeed , I 'm already gone ! ) …
In 2009 , I came to a studio that was wildly successful and had their own way of doing things . It would have been easy for them to tell me to keep my mouth shut and learn their way . And there were times that I felt that was being said , but for the most part the StarCraft team welcomed me with open arms , told me to do what I did best for the good of the game , and helped me get to work .
On both the StarCraft and Diablo teams , I had the pleasure of working with people who are at the top of their craft . And indeed , every team I worked with met that standard – Cinematics , Franchise Development , Audio , QA , and many others . Passionate and skilled , they challenged me to constantly do better , and taught me so many lessons . Some of those lessons came through gentle prodding , and some were drenched in blood , but all were incredibly useful for a creative individual who always sought to be better .
I wo n't go on too long , nor get too nostalgic . But I 'd like to say it was an absolute honor to work at Blizzard all those years , on incredible projects , with amazing people . All good things must come to an end , and I decided that it was time to move on , learn new things in a new environment , and face new challenges .
As you probably know , there is annual convention called Flock . This year 's is happening in Cape Cod , Hyannis , MA and will begin the morning of Tuesday , August 29 . Sessions will continue each day until midday on Friday , September 1 .
I have asked all of the session leaders from Flock some questions .
And now you are about to read one of the responses .
Multi-Arch Container Layered Image Build System by Adam Miller
What does your talk focus on ?
My talk will focus on the Fedora Layered Image Build System ( FLIBS ) , the challenges multi-arch has brought to the container ecosystem , how we will integrate FLIBS with other Fedora initiatives , and what this all means to Fedora users and contributors .
Without giving too much away , what can attendees expect to learn or do in your session ?
They will learn how we will deliver multi-arch containers to our users from start to finish .
Who should attend ?
Anyone interested in container technologies on architectures other than just x86_64 or interested in the future of building container content in Fedora in general . I welcome users and contributors alike .
What is the goal of your session at Flock ?
My goal of this session is to education Fedora Users and Contributors of our initiative to build Fedora content using container technologies in respect to hardware architectures beyond that of just x86_64 . We will also walk through the design of the system that has been built as well as discuss future plans to enable contributors to deliver to users more rapidly and with more flexibility .
What does it affect in the project ?
Fedora Layered Image Build System ( FLIBS ) is driven primarily by the Fedora Atomic Working Group in order to provide a full-stack “ containerized ” Fedora from bare metal to application runtime , using container technologies . The Atomic Host being the operating system and lowest level of the stack , and the container images to be used at runtime being further up the stack . Our goal is to offer Fedora building blocks for every step of the way .
This also touches on Fedora Modularity , Factory 2.0 , and Fedora CI in various ways as there are plans to allow Modules to be shipped optionally as containers in the future , we 're going to leverage features of Factory 2.0 in order to keep our content delivered to users constantly up to date , and we will be integrating with the Fedora CI effort in order to ensure the quality of that content we want to more rapidly ship before actually doing so .
What do you do in Fedora/how long have you been involved in the project ?
I have been a contributing member of the Fedora Project since 2008 . I 'm a Packaging Mentor , a Proven Packager , a member of Fedora Release Engineering , a member of the Fedora Atomic Working Group , and an elected member of the Fedora Engineering Steering Committee since the Fedora 24 Cycle . Also , I 've been on the Fedora Engineering Team at Red
Hat since April 2015 .
What attracts you to this type of work or part of the project ?
I find container technologies fascinating and I believe them to be the future of how we manage infrastructure , as such I would like to help Fedora work towards the goal of continuing to be Leading Edge and participate heavily in delivering those technologies to our users .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Telegram
Reddit
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pocket
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
Three radical Islamists have been arrested in two separate counter-terrorism raids in southwestern France , one on suspicion of plotting a New Year 's Eve terror attack .
The counter-terrorism raids were conducted on Monday and Tuesday night in the department of Haute-Garonne , south-west France , a region where several hundred radical Islamists are being monitored . The two operations are indicative of the level of eminent threat anticipated by French security agencies , reports La Dépêche .
The first raid in Toulouse resulted in the arrests of two men , aged 42 , on suspicion of plotting attacks against police officers . Both were identified as radical Islamists and one profiled as a potential suicide bomber . Small arms and light weapons were also seized . Le Figaro reports the men were illegal migrants .
The second raid in Cugnaux , 10 miles south-west of Toulouse , resulted in the arrest of a 30-year-old man as part of an investigation conducted by the antiterrorist prosecutor 's office in Paris . The suspect “ is known to [ police ] services , he is suspected of wanting to carry out an attack on Dec 31 , ” a police source told Reuters .
The man was known to several investigative units and had been subject to a search some months ago . Surveillance had been stepped up around this “ potentially dangerous ” target , a close source told La Dépêche .
The Haute-Garonne prefecture confirmed that since 15 November 2015 , two days after the terrorist attacks in Paris and Saint-Denis , 55 searches had been carried out in Toulouse and its suburbs .
According to a report published on 7 November 2016 by the Ministry of the Interior , more than 4,000 searches took place in one year , and 95 house arrests are still in force in the country . These searches ended in the seizure of nearly 600 firearms “ of which 77 were weapons of war , ” confirmed then-Minister of the Interior Bernard Cazeneuve .
Following the Christmas market attack by illegal migrant and Islamic State jihadist Anis Amri , who killed 12 and injured over 50 , security has been increased around public Christmas and New Year celebrations across Europe including in Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , Norway , Spain , and Sweden .
Armed police have also been deployed at Christmas hotspots across the UK , including outside the nativity scene at Canterbury cathedral , the seat of the worldwide Anglican communion . Birmingham and Manchester Christmas markets were also protected by barriers .
On Wednesday , Spanish authorities said they had arrested two suspected jihadists in Madrid , and uncovered a stash of munitions .
The Foreign Desk has reported that Islamic State supporters are calling on jihadists to launch attacks over the Christmas and New Year period . In a series of graphic and disturbing images posted to an encrypted Telegram channel , the Nashir Media Foundation , a pro-Islamic State media group , urges potential ‘ lone wolf ' attacks in public venues .
One Telegram post read , “ Oh disbelievers , As you are preparing for Christmas celebrations , we advise you to prepare your coffins as well . Your celebrations have become a battlefield and a fighting area . So , wait for us. ” The group advises Muslims to stay away from New Year 's celebrations .
Microsoft -- yes , Microsoft -- announced at the DevNation conference in San Francisco that it 's releasing an open-source language server protocol . More interesting still , this is being done in concert with Codenvy and Red Hat .
This may sound shocking . Keep in mind though that Microsoft has been embracing open-source methods at a deep level . And besides that , Microsoft has been working in bringing together Visual Studio with the open-source Eclipse integrated development environment . And , lest we forget , Microsoft just made it possible for you to run SQL Server , .NET Core 1.0 , and ASP.NET on Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) .
So , when you put it together , it 's not too surprising that Microsoft and its open-source partners have created the Language Server Protocol ( LSP ) . The LSP is a collaborative effort to provide a common way to integrate programming languages across code editors and integrated development environments ( IDEs ) . The protocol extends developer flexibility and productivity by enabling a rich editing experience within a variety of tools for different programming languages .
`` Historically , most programming languages have only been optimized for a single tool . This has prevented developers from using the editors they know and love , and has limited opportunities for language providers to reach a wide audience , '' said Tyler Jewell , Codenvy CEO and Eclipse Che project lead . Jewell continued , `` With a common protocol supported by Microsoft , Red Hat , and Codenvy , developers can gain access to intelligence for any language within their favorite tools . ''
The rising tension between IoT and ERP systems The Internet of Things is the new frontier . However , generations of ERP systems were not designed to handle global networks of sensors and devices . Read More
The LSP is an open-source project that defines a JavaScript Object Notation ( JSON ) -based data exchange protocol for language servers . This project is being hosted on GitHub . It 's licensed under the creative commons and MIT licenses .
LSP is designed to promote interoperability between editors and language servers . The protocol also enables developers to access intelligent programming language assistants . These include such functions as : Find by symbol , syntax analysis , code completion , go to definition , outlining , and refactoring with their editor or IDE of choice .
At the moment , LSP supports the following languages : C++ , PowerShell , JSON , CSS/LESS/SASS , Xtext , Crane PHP , Haxe , Java , and RAML . As for IDEs , currently , Microsoft Visual Studio Code and Eclipse Che have already implemented the protocol . Eclipse Che 's implementation is pending in an open source branch and will be generally available within Q3 .
`` We have defined the common language server protocol after integrating the OmniSharp for C # and TypeScript servers into VS Code , '' said Erich Gamma , Microsoft Distinguished Engineer . `` Having done a language server integration twice , it became obvious that a common protocol is a win-win for both tool and language providers . In this way , any language provider can make their language support available so that it is easily consumable by any tool provider . ''
The language server protocol collaboration enables :
Developer flexibility and choice : Developers can access rich editing experiences across new programming languages , while continuing to use their preferred tools .
Multiple operating systems : Programming language providers can support multiple tools across a variety of operating systems , maximizing their reach and relevance .
Editor support : Microsoft Visual Studio Code and Eclipse Che , the next-generation Eclipse IDE , have added support for the protocol .
Many supported programming languages : Besides the programming language servers available today , more language servers are planned to support the protocol later this year . These include C # by the OmniSharp project , xText and R by Typefox , JavaFX by Ensime and CSS by Microsoft . Red Hat has open sourced a project working to provide the first standalone Java language server which it proposes to donate to the Eclipse Foundation .
Open collaboration : Codenvy , Microsoft and Red Hat are committed to developing this protocol in collaboration with the open source community . Hosted on a public repository , anyone can submit feedback or contribute pull requests to enhance and refine the project .
Language server registry : Language servers are published as part of a global registry , built by Codenvy as an Eclipse project and hosted by the Eclipse Foundation , to make language servers discoverable for any tool to consume .
The language server protocol is available today . For more information , visit the Language Server Protocol FAQ .
Related Stories :
Watson is nothing if not a man of action . This was witnessed by Australians in January when Watson 's skirmish with Japanese whalers in the Southern Ocean resulted in his stealth boat , the Ady Gil , being destroyed . While Sea Shepherd and its president have only become well known in Australia for their campaign against Japanese whaling , the 59-year-old Canadian has been putting himself between hunters and their prey for 40 years . Having worked with animals for so long , Watson seems to harbour a degree of mistrust for humans . `` I happen to think that whales are more intelligent than people , '' he says . `` Certainly their languages are more complex and their communication skills are more complex . `` I think there 's a lot for us to learn . It 's kind of like us going to another planet , finding another intelligent life form and killing them for oil . '' Watson certainly seems tired of all the focus on human activities . To him , we 're just another species among the millions on Earth . It 's his belief that the world is already massively overpopulated and he openly advocates reducing the world 's population to 1billion by people voluntarily having fewer children .
When speaking with Watson you can sense his frustration , directed not only at those he campaigns against but also against those who are n't willing to adopt his hard-line approach . That 's why he reserves some of his most stinging barbs for other environmental groups . Sea Shepherd 's conservation work has earned the organisation , and Watson , many celebrity admirers . When he was attacked in his hotel room in 1995 , Watson was staying with Martin Sheen . Other supporters include Pierce Brosnan , Sean Penn and Daryl Hannah . But despite the Hollywood support he receives , and the glare of the media limelight , it 's clear that Watson is more at home at sea than anywhere else . `` It 's a total sense of freedom . You 're out beyond the bounds of government control and you 're one with nature , really , '' he says . It 's kind of like us going to another planet , finding another intelligent life form and killing them for oil . Watson 's affinity with the ocean began at the age of six when his family moved to St Andrews , a colonial resort town on Canada 's east coast . Watson , the eldest of seven , was born in Toronto in 1950 .
When his mother , Annamarie , died in childbirth just after he turned 13 , he was left under the care of his physically abusive father . `` He was very abusive , so when I was 15 I just turned and defended myself and then left home . I think it was a very liberating thing to do . It 's hard to explain but I just suddenly realised that this guy who 'd been beating on me , I was bigger than him . So I just turned on him and fought back . Then I left . '' After working at Expo '67 in Montreal , he drifted into the Canadian Coast Guard and from there into the merchant marine . The skills Watson learned on Norwegian and Swedish freighters would prove very useful in his future career . In 1969 , the 18-year-old Watson became the youngest member of the Do n't Make a Wave Committee . The group – which was formed to protest American nuclear testing at Amchitka Island off the coast of Alaska – chartered two boats to sail to the islands in 1971 , which they renamed the Greenpeace I and the Greenpeace Too . While they did n't stop the 1971 test , their protests drew so much attention that the US Atomic Energy Commission cancelled further testing . In 1972 , Watson and the other members of Do n't Make a Wave took the name of their ships and became Greenpeace .
From 1972 to 1977 Watson served on the Greenpeace board of directors , as well as captaining and crewing many protest voyages . On one such mission , a 1975 protest against Soviet whaling , something happened that Watson says changed his life forever : `` We put ourselves between a harpoon and a whale . They fired the harpoon over our head and hit a female from the pod . She screamed ; it was like a woman screaming and there were fountains of blood . '' Another whale , enraged by a mortal head wound from an exploding Soviet harpoon , made as if to crush the dinghy Watson was in . As a trail of bloody bubbles approached , Watson caught the eye of the whale . `` The easiest move at that point was to come right down on top of us . As I looked up at that eye , rising out of the water , an eye the size of my fist ; what I saw there really changed my life forever . Because I saw understanding . He understood what we were trying to do . I saw the muscles pull , and he pulled himself back and slipped under the sea to die . '' The story is clearly well rehearsed . But Watson relates it with genuine feeling . Nearly 35 years later , you can still hear disgust at the whalers and gratitude to the whale in his voice . But by the late 1970s , Watson 's aggressive approach to environmental activism was increasingly putting him at odds with his pacifist Greenpeace colleagues . In 1977 he was forced from the organisation 's board of directors by a vote of 11 to one . Watson 's was the dissenting voice . In the years since , he has had a turbulent relationship with the organisation he helped found .
`` It 's almost like being in the Russian Revolution with the Bolsheviks . They 're trying to rewrite the history . Now they 're saying that I 'm no longer a co-founder , I was an 'early member ' , '' he says with amusement . `` I think that the best thing that ever happened to me was leaving Greenpeace . '' In 1977 , the same year he was forced to exit Greenpeace 's board of directors , Watson founded the organisation that would become the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society . A year later the group acquired its first vessel , the Sea Shepherd , a former trawler . Since then , Sea Shepherd 's activities have seen them go through seven ships , including the three now in operation . The first Sea Shepherd was scuttled by Watson and his crew before it was due to be given as damages to whalers on the orders of a Portuguese judge . Later ships – Cleveland Amory and Sea Shepherd II – were sold , while Whales Forever was badly damaged in an encounter with the Norwegian navy . Sea Shepherd maintains that the Japanese whaler Shonan Maru No.2 was responsible for the January collision which tore open the most recent addition to their fleet , the Ady Gil . Japan 's government-linked Institute for Cetacean Research blames Sea Shepherd . A video of the incident was taken from the deck of Watson 's MV Bob Barker and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority is investigating the collision .
His work for the society has taken Watson around the world . He has campaigned against Japanese , Icelandic , Russian and Norwegian whaling in the Pacific , Atlantic and Southern oceans . Since 1979 Sea Shepherd has run a continuous campaign against the Canadian seal hunt . Other campaigns have targeted drift net fishing and the removal of shark fins , with the fish left to die . The organisation 's largest current campaign is working with Ecuadorian authorities to protect the Galapagos Islands from poachers and other threats . `` The Galapagos is our line in the sand . If we ca n't save something as beautiful ; as profoundly unique , as pristine as the Galapagos , we ca n't save anything , '' Watson says . Being at sea for the most part of 30years has n't stopped the activist from a life outside of work . He 's been married , and divorced , three times . His relationship with first wife Starlet Lum , a former Greenpeace activist is amicable , probably because they share a daughter , Watson explains . Their daughter , Lani , is a video game producer who lives in Seattle . Now married , when she was younger she accompanied her father on several voyages . His second wife , Lisa DiStefano , was a Playboy model . The two are not on speaking terms .
`` A good example of not judging a book by its cover , '' Watson laughs . His third wife , Allison Lance , was a member of Sea Shepherd . She now runs her own animal charity devoted to removing introduced species from island habitats . Despite his past failings in love , Watson remains optimistic . `` I think I was n't ready for it [ marriage ] . I think right now I 'd be more ready to devote the time and energy that a relationship requires . Certainly I have n't in the past . `` I had to do what I had to do and unfortunately it did n't work out . I 'm in a relationship now and I 'm having to make some hard decisions . I do n't know where that will go , '' he says .
Long-time friend and Sea Shepherd 's director of investigations , Scott West , remains amazed by his energy : `` I do n't know how he does it . I do n't know how he raised a daughter in all of this . It 's pretty extraordinary . '' For this man of action , retirement is not an option . He says that his stubborn streak wo n't allow him to leave the Southern Ocean until the Japanese do . `` I do n't see myself retiring , ever . My grandfather worked 'til the day he died at 96 . I do n't see why anyone has to retire , really . `` If you 're doing something you love and you enjoy , why would you retire ? '' The Steve Irwin trails a hauser in attempts to disable the ( rudder ) of a Japanese whaling vessel last month and ( inset ) laser beams aimed at disrupting harpoon fire .
With Terri Irwin after the naming ceremony of the vessel Steve Irwin in Melbourne , in 2007 . Watson used the vessel to pursue Japanese whalers . Australian activist Giles Lane soon after he leapt aboard Japanese whaling ship Yushin Maru No . 2 with Benjamin Potts , right , in January 2008 . The Ady Gil shortly after it was rammed by Japanese whaling vessel Shonan Maru No . 2 , in the background , in Antarctic waters in January . Japanese harpoon ship Yushin Maru No . 1 fires water cannons on Sea Shepherd crews in New Zealand waters last month . Photos : Sea Shepherd Conservation Society . Sea Shepherd locates Nisshin Maru 100 nautical miles from Australia 's Davis Station in eastern Antarctica last month .
The Japanese ship Yushin Maru harpoons a whale in the Southern Ocean off Antarctica . It took four harpoon shots to kill the whale .
Liverpool are considering selling the naming rights for the new main stand at Anfield in a bid to finance the £75m redevelopment cost of the stadium .
Last month , Liverpool City Council 's planning committee unanimously approved the club 's application to rebuild two sides of Anfield , with work expected to begin in early 2015 subject to a six-week consultation period with local residents . Now Liverpool 's new chief commercial officer has admitted that the club are exploring the possibility of financing the redevelopment with help from an outside source but ruled out the possibility that the stadium as a whole could be renamed .
“ The new main stand is going to be a big focus for all of us . The process is still ongoing . We 're getting closer to certainty but we 're not there yet , ” Fenway Sports Group 's Billy Hogan told the Liverpool Echo . “ When that certainty arrives , from a commercial standpoint we 'll be ready to get to work on that . We would n't consider selling naming rights for the stadium as a whole but in terms of the name of the main stand that 's something we will look at . We 'll be looking to bring in a number of new partners . A naming partnership for the stand would make sense . ”
Liverpool is one of seven clubs currently being investigated by Uefa over possible breaches of the financial fair play rules . Yet Hogan is confident they have nothing to fear given a number of new commercial deals that should significantly boost revenue this season .
“ FSG have always been very supportive of FFP and that means only spending what you can generate , ” he said . “ We 're focused on operating the business in a responsible way . That 's been the mantra for FSG to get a winning team on the field . We want it to be sustainable . Not only have we brought on board nine new partners so far this year , we 've also had three significant renewals . That speaks volumes about how we want to operate . We see ourselves as a family club and we want our partners to be part of that family . ”
Hogan added : “ When you consider where we were four years ago , on the brink of administration , where we are now is testament to the hard work of everyone who has contributed to that progress . The club has advanced so far both on and off the field , and now we 're able to talk about how strong the business is . ”
Scandal , what scandal ?
President Obama has been squeaky clean , according to his closest adviser , Valerie Jarrett .
“ The president prides himself on the fact that his administration has n't had a scandal and he has n't done something to embarrass himself , ” Jarrett said in an interview broadcast on CNN Sunday .
The aide , also a close friend of Obama and his wife , Michelle , credited the first couple with being good people and getting good results .
“ That 's because that 's who he is — that 's who they are — and I think that 's what really resonates with the American people , ” Jarrett said .
Critics of the Obama administration said Jarrett was trying to rewrite history .
“ This is delusional , ” said Tom Fitton , president of the government watchdog group Judicial Watch , which has filed numerous lawsuits to illuminate many of the Obama administration 's shortcomings .
“ The Obama administration has a scandal rap sheet longer than my arm . Between just the IRS abuses , Benghazi , and the Hillary Clinton scandals , this administration was even more corrupt than Nixon 's , ” Fitton concluded .
Google and Verizon are calling for enforceable regulations based on the Federal Communications Commission 's open Internet principles . Google , Verizon seek new Web rules
Google and Verizon on Monday went public with their alliance on the hot-button issue of net neutrality , suggesting federal regulators should ensure providers treat all traffic equally on traditional , wireline Internet but not on the mobile Web .
The two companies sought to put to rest speculation they supported a net neutrality plan that would permit content companies like Google to pay Internet providers like Verizon for priority treatment on the Web – an alarm that staunch net neutrality advocates sounded last week when news of the Google-Verizon talks first broke .
Story Continued Below
But while the two companies are calling for enforceable regulations based on the Federal Communications Commission 's open Internet principles , the effort is still sure to frustrate devout net neutrality supporters , many of whom balk at the idea that wireline and wireless Web should be treated differently .
Those groups are now pressing lawmakers and other stakeholders to reject the Google-Verizon alliance in favor of something more comprehensive , binding and immediate .
The agreement also prompted FCC Commissioner Michael Copps , one of the agency 's Democratic members and a staunch net neutrality supporter , to implore his agency to act fast in pursuit of tough net neutrality standards .
“ Some will claim this announcement moves the discussion forward . That 's one of its many problems , ” Copps said in a statement . “ It is time to move a decision forward – a decision to reassert FCC authority over broadband telecommunications , to guarantee an open Internet now and forever , and to put the interests of consumers in front of the interests of giant corporations . ”
Google CEO Eric Schmidt told reporters on a conference call the plan is not a business deal , but a “ detailed policy proposal ” that stakeholders , including lawmakers and federal regulators , could review and adapt in pursuit of a binding solution .
The plan repeats much of what the two companies have previously articulated in joint statements , op-eds and FCC filings .
For one thing , the seven-point policy statement disavows early reports that the two companies prefer a traffic priority plan , but it seems to leave the door open for Verizon and other providers to partner with content producers to offer specific services over the private networks – such as content over FiOS , Verizon 's cable network , for instance .
But it applies nearly none of those requirements to wireless Web . In the area in which the two firms have a close business interest – some of Verizon 's phones run Google 's Android operating system – they would only call for transparency , not enforceable net neutrality rules .
The pairings for this year 's ACC/Big Ten Challenge were released Wednesday , and Wake Forest was not among the 12 ACC teams selected for the event . Wake Forest 's exclusion is partly due to a numbers game , as the new-look Atlantic Coast Conference has three more teams than the Big Ten .
This discrepancy forced the ACC to choose 12 teams with the highest RPI during the 2012-13 season to represent the conference in this year 's event . The league decided to include Maryland , despite their imminent departure for the Big Ten after this season . Out of the 15 current league schools ( including Maryland ) , the Deacons had the 13th highest RPI . Had the ACC chosen to cite the Terrapins ' inclusion as a conflict of interest , the Deacons would have been a participant this year .
The Deacons participated in 13 of the 14 previous ACC/Big Ten Challenges , with 2006 being the only year in which they did not play . Wake Forest is 10-3 overall in the Challenge , losing only to Illinois , Purdue and Nebraska . In addition to Wake Forest , this year 's event will also not include Clemson or Virginia Tech .
Per the official release from the Atlantic Coast Conference , here are the 2013 pairings :
Tuesday , December 3
Indiana at Syracuse
Michigan at Duke
Notre Dame at Iowa
Florida State at Minnesota
Penn State at Pittsburgh
Illinois at Georgia Tech
Wednesday , December 4
North Carolina at Michigan State
Maryland at Ohio State
Miami at Nebraska
Wisconsin at Virginia
Boston College at Purdue
Northwestern at NC State
John Kerry , the US secretary of state , was struggling to save his Middle East peace initiative on Wednesday amid warnings from Israeli and Palestinian officials that three-month old negotiations were on the brink of collapse .
Mr Kerry , arriving in Jerusalem to bolster talks that his shuttle diplomacy had largely brought about , was bracing himself for a similarly downbeat message as he travelled to the West Bank to meet Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian Authority leader , in Bethlehem . Mr Abbas said in a speech this week that the talks had yielded `` nothing on the ground '' .
Already fading hopes of success plunged further after the latest meeting between Israeli and Palestinian negotiators on Tuesday night descended into an angry shouting match , according to reports .
The Palestinian negotiating team of Saeb Erekat and Mohammed Shtayyeh were said to have hit out at Israeli statements tying recent announcements of thousands of new settlers homes to the release of Palestinian prisoners . Israeli officials have insisted that the Palestinians knew that the phased release of 104 long-term inmates , agreed as a condition of re-starting the talks in August , would be accompanied by announcements of new settlement building . The Palestinians have denied that any such understanding was reached .
In return , Tzipi Livni and the Yitzhak Molcho , the Israeli negotiators , reportedly accused the Palestinian side of leaking proposals to resolve the disputed status of Jerusalem , in breach of a prior agreement to impose a new blackout .
Flanked by Mr Kerry at Jerusalem 's David Citadel Hotel as the pair prepared to meet , Mr Netanyahu put the blame squarely on the Palestinians and insisted that Israel sought peace .
`` We agreed three months ago on terms , '' he said . `` I 'm concerned about their progress because I see the Palestinians continuing with incitement , continuing to create artificial crises , continue to avoid , run away from the historic decisions that are needed to make a genuine peace . I hope that your visit will help steer them back to a place where we could achieve the historical peace that we seek and that our people need . ''
Mr Kerry - who marked his arrival on Tuesday night by visiting the Tel Aviv square where Yitzhak Rabin , the former Israeli prime minister who signed the Oslo peace accords , was assassinated in 1995 - acknowledged that the talks were in difficulties . `` There are always difficulties , always tensions . I am very confident of our ability to work through them , '' he told reporters after the meeting .
The Israeli newspaper , Maariv , reported that Mr Kerry had cautioned Mr Netanyahu that the US would find it easier to support his opposition to an unsatisfactory deal on Iran 's nuclear programme if Israel made progress in negotiations with the Palestinians .
The Israeli prime minister is urging the Western powers not to ease sanctions on Iran in exchange for partial concessions on its nuclear activities , which Israel views as a front for an atomic bomb and a threat its existence .
`` I 'd be very worried with any partial deals that enable Iran to maintain [ its nuclear ] capabilities but begin to reduce sanctions because I think this could undermine the longevity and durability of the sanctions regime , '' Mr Netanyahu said before his meeting with Mr Kerry .
Far be it from us to throw shade on this vaunted ( and now much imitated ) Brooklyn beefeater institution , but be warned — the quality of the famous porterhouse steak can vary drastically from day to day , the haphazard , often downright gruff service is about what you 'd expect from an establishment that 's been printing cash for the last several decades , and be prepared to bring an awful lot of your own cash when you drop by , because the only credit card the house takes is the one with the Peter Luger name plastered on it . The most salubrious time to visit is at lunch , when the noise in the old rooms quiets to a dull murmur , and we 're told by reliable sources that the kitchen serves one of the more classic burgers in this burger-saturated town .
March 20 , 2015 , 5:03 PM GMT / Updated March 20 , 2015 , 5:03 PM GMT
Journalists , pundits and authors love to claim how `` hard '' it is for them to write certain stories .
Sometimes this is just a cheap emotional trick to draw in the reader , other times it is a sincere way of acknowledging just how hard it is to put pen to paper , fingers to laptop , and express cogent ideas without breaking into a tearful belligerent rage of pent up feelings .
As a black man , a University of Virginia alumni and as someone who has covered discriminatory police violence against black men and women the last two years , my hands were literally shaking over my laptop as I tried to write about the beating of Martese Johnson .
I kept hearing his scream , “ I go to UVA You F * * * s ” as cops knee him in the back , face beaten and bloodied in a public street in front of all of his classmates . It is a nauseating reminder that no amount of education , poise or good behavior can protect a black person in America . We are all , one cop , one vigilante one maniac away from being racially victimized regardless of what investigations come afterwards .
“ I go to UVA '' is n't just a statement of fact , it 's a magical rhetorical talisman ... In your gut you know it feels awful to use , playing into this trope , especially surrounded by white kids whose behavior is often worse than yours , who are oblivious to the invisible protection that UVA provides .
I tend to avoid what I call “ racial ambulance chasing. ” As a political scientist , my focus is usually on policy , government and political campaigns , every racial outrage does n't deserve MY rage , scorn or shaming . I did n't plan on pouring out Gen X racial rage on screen , but 48 hours changed that for me .
On Tuesday I read Jonathan Capehart 's Washington Post column “ Hands Up Do n't Shoot Was Built on a Lie. ” The article argues that since the DOJ suggests that Mike Brown MIGHT not have had his hands up when Office Darren Wilson shot him , that the entire # HandsUpDontShoot movement and # BlackLivesMatter protests were built on shaky ground . I found the article to be a disingenuous hit piece by a racial scold masquerading as bold “ truth telling . ”
Nothing new to see here , it 's the same old “ Perfect Victim ” pablum that is rolled out anytime the status quo is challenged by protest . Yet , less than 24 hours later honor student Martese Johnson was assaulted by ABC cops .
I went to bed with Johnson 's screams of “ I go to UVA you F * * * S ” burning my ears , only to wake up the next morning to do a panel on police brutality , sitting two seats from Erica Garner , the daughter of Eric Garner . This is a woman juggling the impossible tasks of mourning her father and learning activism on the fly .
By the time Martese Johnson held a press conference Thursday evening , blowing a million holes in the ABC cop 's story , and demonstrating Gandhi-like restraint , I was already 12 flights down the stairs of the ivory tower screaming in the streets .
I was that kid at UVA . As a black student who actually got into UVA , you 've already had half a lifetime of training on how to be `` good . '' Your parents have tried to protect you from the more grotesque forms of racism and your reward ( you think ) is a few years in the bubble of college .
I kept hearing his scream , “ I go to UVA You F * * * s ” as cops knee him in the back , face beaten and bloodied in a public street in front of all of his classmates . It is a nauseating reminder that no amount of education , poise or good behavior can protect a black person in America .
“ I go to UVA '' is n't just a statement of fact , it 's a magical rhetorical talisman , it 's a message to cops , to racist townies , to store owners and even visiting old alumni that you are one of the “ good ones . ”
It means you 're protected — I could be a star athlete , or have rich parents , or be on student council , you ca n't just treat me like any other black person living in Charlottesville . In your gut you know it feels awful to use , playing into this trope , especially surrounded by white kids whose behavior is often worse than yours , who are oblivious to the invisible protection that UVA provides .
“ I go to UVA ” is a nasty little golden ticket , born of a frothy mix of classism and institutional racism , and it 's doled out to only those certain African Americans that ventured into the hallowed white spaces deemed off limits just a generation before ( UVA did n't integrate until 1972 ) . I used it exactly twice , once while being harassed by a shop owner at a store across the street from where Martese Johnson was beaten , and once more when I was being stared down by a cop that pulled me over .
I was lucky it worked .
“ I go to UVA ” is used sparingly , as a black person you know that at best it bestows a few minutes of privilege upon you that white kids at UVA take for granted . The image of Martese Johnson beaten and bloodied , screaming “ I go to UVA ” exposes the greatest , deepest fear that every single one of us had at UVA — that nothing protects us . That no matter how well-spoken you are , what clubs you 're a part of , or who you 're with , you can be infantilized , emasculated , and stripped of all your hard work , and public status in the blink of an eye .
There are no `` perfect victims '' in a war driven by white supremacist ( and possibly misogynist ) rage and police power . Even if Martese Johnson WAS using a fake ID ( he was n't ) or was drunk ( he was n't ) that would n't justify the brutality of what he experienced , or call into question the subsequent protests and investigations that have happened since .
If the Department of Health and human services determined that Eric Garner died of a heart attack does that mean Erica Garner is avoiding the truth when she dons a “ I Ca n't Breathe ” T-Shirt ? This is the horrifying sobering reality of what happened at UVA . That no amount of `` talks '' or preparation can keep you safe from racial rage whether it is backed up by a gun and a badge or just a bad attitude .
I went to UVA too .
And I shudder thinking about how foolish I was as an undergrad , thinking that granted me any special protection , that I would be treated as an equal .
The reality is that none of us were , or are safe , in a nation that does not value black lives or black feelings or black reputations and work . No matter how much we scream otherwise .
Related Articles Tour de France start list
Orica-GreenEdge to become Orica-BikeExchange ahead of Tour de France
Tour de France : The alternative 'non-selected ' nine-man team
Nairo Quintana : I 'm ready to win the Tour de France - Video
Bouhanni 's Tour de France absence a 'catastrophe ' for Cofidis
The organisers of the Tour de France announced today that the prize money for its 103rd edition has gone up - the winner will get €500,000 this year , up €50,000 from previous years . Winners of the green and polka dot jerseys in Paris will get €25,000 . The best young rider wins €20,000 , and each day in a special jersey nets €600 . Stage winners will each get €11,000 , up from €8,000 , and all of the riders who finish will be paid €1,000 , up from 400 .
More Tour de France numbers :
14 million - Goodies distributed by the publicity caravan to roadside spectators
10-12 million - The estimated number of spectators who will watch the race
€2,295,850 - The total prize purse at the Tour de France
€50,000 - Prize for the best team in the race
40,000 - Number of hotel nights reserved for race organisation and teams
23,000 - Number of gendarmes keeping the race safe
€5,000 - Special primes for three climbs , one each on stage 8 , 10 and 18 .
4,500 - The total number of people travelling with the race between teams , race organisation , publicity caravan and media .
3,535 - Total distance of the Tour de France in kilometers
2,408m - The highest point of the Tour de France on the Port d'Envalira on stage 10 . It is also the Souvenir Henri Desgrange , a special prize .
2000 - The number of accredited journalists for the Tour de France
660 - Cities that host the Tour de France route
300 - Team staff
237.5 - The Longest stage in kilometers ( stage 4 )
219 - The highest bib number
198 - Riders starting the race
165 - European riders
103 - Editions of the Tour de France
63 - Categorized climbs
54.5 - Kilometers of individual time trialing
42 years , 17 days - Age of the oldest rider Matteo Tosatto ( Tinkoff )
38 - Age of Mathew Hayman ( Orica-BikeExchange ) , the oldest Tour de France rookie
35 - Countries represented in the peloton
34 - Number of Grand Tour starts for Tosatto
33 - Number of riders racing the Tour de France for the first time
22 years 219 days - Age of the youngest rider , Sondre Holst Enger ( IAM Cycling )
22 - Teams starting the Tour de France
16 - Number of times Sylvain Chavanel ( Direct Energie ) will have started the Tour de France
15 - Number of consecutive Grand Tours for Adam Hansen ( Lotto Soudal )
Preview | Recap | Notebook
Pelicans-Timberwolves Preview
By BRETT HUSTON
Posted Jan 28 2014 11:36PM Despite plenty of individual talent and a point differential that suggests they belong in the league 's upper echelon , the Minnesota Timberwolves ' chronic inability to win a close game through the first half of the season made their record anything but elite . With that finally out of the way - and a successful trip in the books - the Timberwolves are confident a playoff push is coming . After winning three of four on the road , Minnesota looks to climb over .500 for the first time since late November with Wednesday night 's visit from the New Orleans Pelicans . The Timberwolves ( 22-22 ) have the league 's seventh-best point differential at plus-4.6 , but they have the 11th-best record in the Western Conference thanks in large part to a 1-11 record in games decided by four points or fewer . That lone victory came in their most recent close one , a 121-120 win at Golden State on Friday . Minnesota lost 115-104 at Portland the next night , but closed out a rather successful trip with a 95-86 victory at Chicago on Monday . `` We needed these games , '' forward Kevin Love told the team 's official website . `` It 's tough to play Portland in a back-to-back , but going 3-1 in this trip feels good . Hopefully we can build off this . Now we go back and play in front of our home fans . '' The Timberwolves begin a stretch of seven games in 11 days looking to get over .500 for the first time since Nov. 25 , but they may be without their starting center until after the All-Star break . An MRI on Tuesday revealed bursitis in the right ankle of Nikola Pekovic , who left midway through the first quarter Monday . Pekovic will be kept off the court for seven to 10 days before being re-evaluated . Ronny Turiaf picked up the slack Monday , scoring a season-high 14 points with seven rebounds and three blocks in 32 minutes . Pekovic had 22 points , Love 21 and Kevin Martin 20 as Minnesota rolled to a 124-112 home victory over the Pelicans ( 19-25 ) on Jan. 1 , when New Orleans was only missing Jason Smith . Now the Pelicans are without Ryan Anderson and Jrue Holiday , but lately they have n't missed those two all that many thanks to Anthony Davis . After putting up 22 points , a career-high 19 rebounds and seven blocks in a 100-92 win over Orlando on Sunday , Davis finished with 30 points and eight blocks in Tuesday 's 100-89 victory at Cleveland . `` Everybody keeps talking about All-Star , and should he be an All-Star , '' coach Monty Williams said . `` All you have to do is look at tonight . Show me other bigs who are doing it on both ends like he does every single night . '' Davis suffered a left index finger injury in the fourth quarter , but said after the game that he was OK . The Pelicans now try for a third time to win a season-high fourth straight , but that 'll require ending a three-game losing streak at the Target Center - where the series ' last three games have been played . Minnesota rolled to a 115-86 victory there Feb. 2 and won 97-95 on March 17 - both without Love - before leading by as many as 30 four weeks ago . Perhaps a visit from New Orleans will prompt Ricky Rubio to look a bit more for his own offense . Minnesota 's point guard has averaged 13.0 points on 63.6 percent shooting in the last three with the Pelicans , posting 14 points , nine assists , eight boards and three steals earlier this month . With a 35.8 field-goal percentage on the season , Rubio ranks second-to-last among the 185 NBA players who average at least seven field-goal attempts and have played in at least half of their team 's games . The Timberwolves are 12-3 when he scores more than 10 points .
Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press . Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press . Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
Love carries Wolves past Pelicans , 88-77
By JON KRAWCZYNSKI
Posted Jan 29 2014 11:31PM MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) Kevin Love had just finished carrying his Minnesota Timberwolves over .500 for the first time since Nov. 23 , playing the entire second half and over 43 minutes to make it happen . So naturally , he hit the weight room after the game . Without his Bruise Brother Nikola Pekovic by his side for at least another week , Love knows he 's going to be tested like he rarely has before . Love had 30 points and 14 rebounds to help the Timberwolves grind out an 88-77 victory over the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday night . `` I was a little upset with myself with some of the shots I took that I felt like I could 've made , '' said Love was of 11 of 26 and 1 for 6 on 3-pointers . `` The ball did n't feel great tonight . That 's the way it goes sometimes . If I can do that and we can win without Pek , that 's a good sign . '' Kevin Martin added 18 points on 7-of-18 shooting and six boards for the Timberwolves ( 23-22 ) in their first game without Pekovic , who is expected to miss at least a week with bursitis in his right ankle . They still managed to get over .500 after failing in their previous 10 chances to do so . Al-Farouq Aminu had 18 points and 12 rebounds for the Pelicans , who were missing star forward Anthony Davis with a dislocated left index finger . They shot 35 percent and managed a season-low 35 points in the first half to snap a three-game winning streak . Davis was injured in the victory over the Cavaliers on Tuesday night , but coach Monty Williams said he was playing it safe with his franchise player and expected him to return on Saturday against Chicago . `` He can knock down the mid-range shot down so a lot of their bigs were in the paint just helping and we had to go up against a big every time , '' said Pelicans guard Tyreke Evans , who had 11 points on 4-for-15 shooting . `` So it was pretty tough . '' In an ugly game for both teams , the Pelicans managed to hang around and trailed by five heading into the fourth . But Love , who played the entire second half , scored six straight points during an 8-0 burst to open the quarter and help the Wolves win for the fifth time in six games . `` With Pek out , we really have to find a way to relieve the pressure off ( Love ) , move him around and stuff , '' Wolves coach Rick Adelman said . `` We know teams are going to come at him . ... So we have to find ways to figure it out . '' Both teams looked lost without their lynch pins in the paint in the first half . The Pelicans , who also are missing Jrue Holiday and Ryan Anderson , hovered around 25 percent shooting for most of the first quarter and were still at 30 percent late into the third quarter against a Wolves defense that has been among the worst in the league from a field goal percentage basis . Without Pekovic commanding double teams and bulling his way to the basket , the Wolves have had to focus more on the defensive end . That left Love to go to work on the offensive end , and he was more aggressive looking for his shot than he has been with the big fella next to him in the frontcourt . In his first game at home since he was voted in as an All-Star starter for the Western Conference , Love came out firing , taking nine shots and attacking the glass . And when point guard Ricky Rubio went to the bench early in the third quarter with four fouls , Love started distributing more , picking up five assists to help the Wolves push back against the plucky Pelicans . `` I know some of our guys are a bit overwhelmed with trying to play at a high level , but we had our chances , '' New Orleans coach Monty Williams said . `` This is when you have to step up and we just did n't do it tonight . That happens . '' NOTES : Eric Gordon scored 14 on 5 for 17 shooting for New Orleans . ... Before the game started , Love grabbed the mic and thanked the Wolves fans for voting him as a starter in the All-Star game . He posted his NBA-leading 27th game with at least 20 points and 10 rebounds . ... Greg Stiemsma started in place of Davis and finished with three points and 12 rebounds and has grabbed at least 10 boards in two straight games .
Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press . Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press . Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
During the “ Take the Treasure ” Persona 5 live stream event , new footage from the upcoming RPG was shown off .
The new footage shows off daily activities in Persona 5 , including fishing , training and hanging out with friends . Some new information :
The game will have a crafting system to create new items , boosting the player 's stats .
Minigames and activities such as solving crossword puzzles or going to the theater will boost character stats such as knowledge .
It also features new battle footage , showing off the different “ All-Out Attack ” flourishes for the characters and conversation/negotiation with the enemies .
Persona 5 is slated to be released for the PS3 and PS4 in Japan on September 15 , 2016 , and in China on the same date for the PS4 . It will have a February 14 , 2017 North American release date , and the game has been announced for a European release .
A Time of Giants and Monsters Volume 53 Number 2 , March/April 2000 by Adrienne Mayor
In the ancient imagination , heroes of the remote past would have towered over puny , present-day humans . The second-century A.D. Greek geographer Pausanias described the buzz of excitement that surrounded the supposed discovery of the bones of the great Greek champion Ajax , who fought in the Trojan War . According to the Iliad , Ajax 's grave was at Rhoeteum , where the Greek ships had landed to attack Troy . When bones of heroic dimensions suddenly appeared there , people took them to be the remains of Ajax . An eyewitness explained to Pausanias how the sea had washed out the beach , revealing a jumble of big bones . `` Ajax 's kneecaps were exactly the size of a discus for the boy 's pentathlon , '' wrote Pausanias . A boys discus was about five or six inches across . Kneecaps big enough to be worthy of the hero Ajax would most likely belong to a Miocene era ( ca . 8 million years ago ) mastodon or rhinoceros ; the remains of both animals have been found in the region around Rhoeteum .
Ancient accounts of the bones of heroes like Ajax , as well as giants and monsters from the remote past , can be explained by the presence of the fossil remains of mastodons , mammoths , giant giraffes , rhinoceroses , cave bears and other large animals found in the eastern Mediterranean region . Not suprisingly , modern paleontology demonstrates that prehistoric fossils exist in the very places where myths about giant beings first arose . As the Greek author Philostratus ( ca . A.D. 218 ) remarked , it was logical to accept that `` giants once existed , because their awesome remains could be seen all around the world . ''
Adrienne Mayor is a classical folklorist specializing in legends about natural history . This article is based on her forthcoming book , The First Fossil Hunters : Paleontology in Greek and Roman Times ( Princeton University Press ) .
This article is over 3 years old
United Airlines flight made unscheduled landing after pilot became concerned about erratic behaviour of passenger over in-flight snack
Police have said a United Airlines flight from Rome to Chicago was forced to divert to Northern Ireland due to a dispute after a passenger demanded more nuts .
The flight made an unscheduled landing in Belfast on Saturday .
Jeremiah Mathis Thede , 42 , who holds dual Italian and American citizenship , was charged with endangering the safety of an aircraft , disruptive behaviour and common assault .
Police told Coleraine magistrates ' court on Monday that the trouble began soon after takeoff when Thede “ asked to be given nuts or crackers ” . He was given some nuts but later asked for more , and the situation escalated until the pilot became concerned about Thede 's erratic behaviour .
Thede 's lawyer said his client denies wrongdoing .
Many of the 282 passengers spent the night at Belfast airport before flying on to Chicago on Sunday .
The principle of the least effort in languages allows you to say things shorter without unnecessary details . For example , you do n't have to always think of what tense ( past , present or future ) to use in a verb when it 's already clear from context . When you need details you add them .
The language or construct x1 is said to follow the principle of the least effort in x2 ( assertion ) when the speaker is n't required to use it .
The wider understanding of the principle of the least effort covers all ways of communication between live beings . Thus in terms of the speed of communication language is n't optimal if , for example , the listener does n't speak the language of the speaker .
In Zipf 's view , ambiguity fits within the framework of his unifying principle of the least effort , and could be understood by considering the competing desires of the speaker and the listener . Speakers can minimize their effort if all meanings are expressed by one simple , maximally ambiguous word , say , ba . To express a meaning such as `` The accordion box is too small , '' the speaker would simply say ba . To say `` It will rain next Wednesday , '' the speaker would say ba . Such a system is very easy for speakers since they do not need to expend any effort thinking about or searching memory to retrieve the correct linguistic form to produce . Conversely , from the comprehender 's perspective , effort is minimized if each meaning maps to a distinct linguistic form , assuming that handling many distinct word forms is not overly difficult for comprehenders . In that type of system , the listener does not need to expend effort inferring what the speaker intended , since the linguistic signal would leave only one possibility . — Steven T. Piantadosia , Harry Tilyb , Edward Gibson - The communicative function of ambiguity in language
History
This phenomenon is known under different names :
Zipf 's law of the least effort [ 1 ] .
. Strategic ambiguity [ 2 ] [ 3 ] .
. The principle of necessity and sufficiency . First discovered by Esperantists . Interestingly , Esperanto fails to fully pass this test as it has obligatory markers of tense , number .
Facultative precision . Hartmut Traunmüller mentions [ 4 ] Loglan as passing this test . But in fact Loglan forces the speaker to use bare verb to denote imperatives ( just like English `` go '' alone always means `` Go ! `` ) .
If , in a conversation , you want to fulfill the maxims of appropriate quantity , quality , and relation , you have to say no less and no more than what is required . In order for this to be fulfilled , the language must give you the freedom to choose a more or a less specific expression , according to the circumstances . The corresponding principle of language planning is known as the principle of facultative precision . — Hartmut Traunmüller - Conversational Maxims and Principles of Language Planning
Roman Jakobson expressed in 1956 a similar idea : `` Languages differ essentially in what they must convey , not in what they may convey . '' Russian translation : `` Языки отличаются друг от друга не тем , что они могут выразить , а тем , что в них обязательно должно быть выражено . '' ( Роман Якобсон )
Fairly close to the Lojban Central party line actually : you can be as precise and unambiguous as you want to in Lojban , but you 're not forced to in most things . The potential for disambiguation , rather than the enforcing of it , is the nice thing .
— la nitcion , a Lojbanist
Lojban
Lojban gives person a great amount of freedom in how they express themselves , for instance by not forcing them to specify such things as number , gender or tense . For instance , the sentence mi viska do can mean I see you ( singular ) right now , We will see you ( singular ) in the future , I have seen you ( plural ) in the past , It is always true that we can see you ( plural ) , and so forth .
Lojban fixed the problem of Loglan with imperatives which are now explicitly expressed only by using additional words . CLL incorrectly describes selbri with missing first place as observatives , although , in reality they are just vague and can be used not only for observations but for imperatives too .
There is an idea of loosening rules for sumti-raising , apply auto-correction rule of filling sumti places [ 5 ] . These would make Lojban even more flexible in managing the precision of utterances .
Trivia
An interesting comparison study of the grammars of many modern languages can be found in Joseph Greenberg 's paper entitled “ Some Universals Of Grammar With Particular Reference to the Order of Meaningful Elements. ” The results of this paper help to illustrate a number of common trends that occurred in the development of natural languages , and it also shows how the grammars of those languages may constrain the speaker . [ 6 ]
RUS : Язык — это лишь средство выражения мысли и хотя отсутствие гибкости в языке может некоторым образом усложнять ход этих самых мыслей , полностью препятствовать им или в значительной мере `` формировать мировоззрение '' он вряд ли может . Если бы это было так , однажды выучив один язык , выучить и понять другой было бы ужасно сложно .
RUS : Например , в русском языке любой глагол имеет время . Либо прошедшее либо настоящее либо будущее . Но возьмите фразу `` На этой картине художник изобразил , как девушки идут в библиотеку '' . Ну и когда эти девушки шли/идут ? Сегодня ? Вчера ? В момент написания картины или когда этот художник их увидел ? Но вот скажем , в токипоне или в китайском можно не ставить окончания , указывающие на время . Свобода да и только . Вот для этого и нужно изучать такие языки .
Jokes
Due to the fact that Lojban follows the principle of the least effort there is a new aphorism `` In Lojban you can delete all but the last word from the sentence . If you remove the last word you get Zen philosophy '' .
See also
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND -- The FOX 8 I TEAM has learned an 84-year-old driver has been charged with running a red light and killing a man on a bicycle .
It happened Tuesday night at Lake and Clifton in Cleveland .
The first charge has been filed against James Callahan , Jr .
Court records show a 36-year-old man rode a bike into the intersection with a green light .
Police say Callahan drove into the intersection with a red light .
The victim landed on the hood and windshield , and then was dragged .
Jacob Van Sickle , Executive Director of Bike Cleveland , says it 's part of a disturbing and dangerous trend on the road .
Distracted driving has been increasing , and so have bike accidents .
In Cleveland alone 144 people were injured last year and a total of 238 were hurt in Cuyahoga county .
“ It certainly hits close to home , ” said Van Sickle , “ Our work is about insuring the streets are safe so people can get to where they want to go . ”
Bike Cleveland is continuously promoting and encouraging safety , on their website , social media and by posting signs in yards .
However they say they ca n't do it alone . They need motorists ' help to save lives .
“ We really urge motorists , when they get behind wheel to pay attention to what you 're doing , because there are fathers , sons , daughters and mothers out there riding . ”
Davutoğlu stepping down as Turkish PM , AKP to hold snap congress
ANKARA
REUTERS photo
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu has announced his decision to leave the chairmanship of the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) at an extraordinary convention on May 22 , underlining that the real reason behind his departure was not his failure as premier but differences with his colleagues over principles. “ My term [ as prime minister ] was one of success . With this decision , there is no feeling of unsuccessfulness or regret over what I have done . I did my job properly and with honor , ” Davutoğlu said at a press conference after the AKP 's central-decision making body decided to hold an extraordinary convention on May 22. “ The fact that my term lasted far shorter than four years is not a decision of mine but a necessity , ” he said , hinting at recently surfaced in-house tension with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as the main reason for his sudden departure . But Davutoğlu vowed that he would not permit AKP opponents to weaken the government , instead calling on all his colleagues to stand united . “ Our party is on the verge of a new era . This is the time of unity. ” Davutoğlu 's farewell-like statement was full of emotion and a long summary of his 20 months as prime minister , as well as hints about the reason for his resignation despite his self-described success.Davutoğlu was careful in his remarks about the role of Erdoğan in his resignation but blamed some of his party colleagues without naming them. “ I am of the opinion that a change in the party chairmanship would be much better than reshuffling the MYK [ Central Decision-Making Body ] of the AKP . That move would create more tension inside the party , ” he said.Davutoğlu explained that an in-house move that had removed his authority to appoint AKP provincial and district heads was the turning point in his decision to step aside , noting that he had been upset by the way the move was made. “ I would not think to continue as the chairman in the absence of consensus , ” he said , adding he was not planning to run for the party leadership at the convention. “ I put my heart and soul into my job . Our people is the witness , ” he said.It was right for many to question his decision to leave the chairmanship despite the fact that he was a successful prime minister who fulfilled all his pre-election promises on time , Davutoğlu said . “ Especially after six months of the elections in which our party received 49.5 percent of the votes and the support of 24 million voters . Why is the AKP 's leader leaving while all three opposition leaders who lost the elections are still there ? ” he added. “ Well , why have I taken such a decision ? Life teaches many things , but I have my principles that I have never left since my academic days , ” Davutoğlu said.The first is the fact that he never demanded any position from anybody , recalling that he was not the one who demanded to become prime minister or , previously , foreign minister . “ The strongest person in life is the one who can be at peace with himself , ” the prime minister said . “ In life , I have never defended anything I have not believed and I have never taken a step back on issues I have believed in . I have never negotiated for any post or position over the values and principles I have. ” He also said a person 's friends on the road were sometimes more important than the road itself . “ Therefore if friends are important and the objective is important , then we should all examine ourselves . As a result of my own examination and consultations with my friends with political experience , including our president , I have come to the conclusion that instead of changing colleagues , it 's much better to change the party chair for the unity of the AK Party. ” The AKP should hold the convention in full unity and solidarity “ because the fate of the AK Party is the fate of Turkey , ” he said.Davutoğlu said he would continue to serve for the AKP as an ordinary MP and stressed that he would never become involved in any effort to undermine the unity of the party and he would never permit any plots against Erdoğan. “ Whatever will happen , I will continue my relation with our president … until my last breath . The honor of our president is my honor . His family is my family . No one should dare to initiate new plots , ” he said.Erdoğan handed the leadership of the AKP to Davutoğlu on Aug. 28 , 2014 , asking him not to be a “ trustee prime minister. ” “ I followed this during my prime ministry , ” Davutoğlu said .
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE called NATO obsolete , according to a Bloomberg Politics report about an interview the president-elect gave to Germany 's Bild newspaper .
“ It 's obsolete , first because it was designed many , many years ago , ” Trump was quoted as saying about NATO . “ Secondly , countries are n't paying what they should ” and NATO “ did n't deal with terrorism . ”
He also said BMW would face a 35 percent import duty on foreign-built BMWs sold in the U.S. Trump told Bild that the company should halt plans to open a new plant in Mexico and instead create a U.S. factory .
The president-elect also dinged German Chancellor Angela Merkel , saying she hurt Germany by letting “ all these illegals ” into the country .
When asked if he 'd like to see her reelected , he told Bild he could n't say because he does n't know her , according to Bloomberg Politics , although he respects her .
During the campaign , Trump made waves by saying he would look at whether NATO allies have “ fulfilled their obligations to us ” before deciding whether to defend them if they are attacked .
He also repeatedly called NATO obsolete over the course of the campaign , saying it should do more to fight terrorism .
What will it take to produce honest and ethical conduct from our state and federal prosecutors ? The Ninth Circuit has a suggestion . Perhaps a perjury prosecution will do it . In fact , that is exactly what should happen when prosecutors affirmatively lie .
This case , Baca v. Adams , involves a clear violation of the Supreme Court 's decision in Napue , which holds that prosecutors can not put on perjured testimony , much less lie themselves . Unfortunately , as I 've documented elsewhere , it happens far too often , when it should never happen at all .
In this case , the prosecution infected the case with false testimony–including by a prosecutor himself–over benefits given to a “ cooperator ” or a jailhouse “ snitch . ”
The entire program of “ cooperation ” is rife with problems . Prosecutors often put extraordinary pressure on the worst criminals , threatening not only them but their families . After completely terrifying the person who knows he will go to prison no matter what ( because he really is guilty ) , the prosecutor then offers life-saving benefits , often secretly , in exchange for testimony against many less culpable “ targets ” of the government 's investigation .
If a defense attorney gave anything to any witness in exchange for his testimony , it would be bribery , and the defense attorney would be prosecuted .
In Mr. Baca 's case , Deputy District Attorney Robert Spira first prosecuted Mr. Melendez . Melendez went to prison and became a “ snitch. ” Then prosecutors turned to prosecute Mr. Baca .
Prosecutor Spira took the stand at the trial of the next defendant , Mr. Baca , to discuss Mr. Melendez 's plea deal . Prosecutor Spira testified that Mr. Melendez did not get any consideration in exchange for testifying against Baca . The California Court of Appeal found this to be untrue . Deputy District Attorney Paul Vinegrad was the prosecuting attorney in Mr. Baca 's case who put on mr. Melendez and his fellow prosecutor Mr. Spira as witnesses against Mr. Baca .
A magistrate and the California Court of Appeal found that California deputy district attorney Spira lied under oath , testifying against a criminal defendant and in support of a lying “ jailhouse snitch ” who was placed on the witness stand in apparent subornation of perjury . Making matters worse , the California Attorney General fought “ tooth and nail ” to keep the transcript of the relevant hearing from the California Court of Appeal .
The Ninth Circuit is going to do something about it , including naming names–if the California Attorney General does not–and the court strongly suggests that the lying prosecutor himself be prosecuted for perjury . The entire video of the oral argument is available to watch here , and it begins to draw blood about 17 minutes into it . Be sure to watch until the end .
Article III of our Constitution created our independent and equal third branch of government—our federal judiciary . It exists to serve as a check and balance on both the Executive and Legislative branches of government . Months ago , Judge Kozinski called upon judges across the country to put a stop to the illegal and unethical conduct of federal prosecutors . The New York Times , the Los Angeles Times and others reported it , but have gone largely silent . We will not be . We are the home of the brave .
We thank and applaud Ninth Circuit Judges Alex Kozinski , Kim Wardlaw and William Fletcher for personifying the virtues of Article III that our Founders intended .
Oh , say can you see ?
CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to Baca v Adams as Baca v Dural . The Observer regrets the error .
`` This is a very exciting result because it 's the first time that we have been able to find the spectral fingerprints that show the gases present in the atmosphere of a super-Earth , '' UCL PhD student Angelos Tsiaras said in a statement . `` The observations of 55 Cancri e 's atmosphere suggest that the planet has managed to cling on to a significant amount of hydrogen and helium from the nebula from which it originally formed . ''
Unfortunately , 55 Cancri e probably does n't support life . Its atmosphere appears to be comprised almost entirely of hydrogen and helium with no traces of water . Plus , the planet is so close to its star that a year there lasts 18 Earth-hours and the surface of the planet can get as hot as 2,000 degrees C .
We know a lot more today about what happened in the Gaza war of 2008-09 than we did when I chaired the fact-finding mission appointed by the U.N. Human Rights Council that produced what has come to be known as the Goldstone Report . If I had known then what I know now , the Goldstone Report would have been a different document .
The final report by the U.N. committee of independent experts — chaired by former New York judge Mary McGowan Davis — that followed up on the recommendations of the Goldstone Report has found that “ Israel has dedicated significant resources to investigate over 400 allegations of operational misconduct in Gaza ” while “ the de facto authorities ( i.e. , Hamas ) have not conducted any investigations into the launching of rocket and mortar attacks against Israel . ”
Our report found evidence of potential war crimes and “ possibly crimes against humanity ” by both Israel and Hamas . That the crimes allegedly committed by Hamas were intentional goes without saying — its rockets were purposefully and indiscriminately aimed at civilian targets .
The allegations of intentionality by Israel were based on the deaths of and injuries to civilians in situations where our fact-finding mission had no evidence on which to draw any other reasonable conclusion . While the investigations published by the Israeli military and recognized in the U.N. committee 's report have established the validity of some incidents that we investigated in cases involving individual soldiers , they also indicate that civilians were not intentionally targeted as a matter of policy .
For example , the most serious attack the Goldstone Report focused on was the killing of some 29 members of the al-Simouni family in their home . The shelling of the home was apparently the consequence of an Israeli commander 's erroneous interpretation of a drone image , and an Israeli officer is under investigation for having ordered the attack . While the length of this investigation is frustrating , it appears that an appropriate process is underway , and I am confident that if the officer is found to have been negligent , Israel will respond accordingly . The purpose of these investigations , as I have always said , is to ensure accountability for improper actions , not to second-guess , with the benefit of hindsight , commanders making difficult battlefield decisions .
While I welcome Israel 's investigations into allegations , I share the concerns reflected in the McGowan Davis report that few of Israel 's inquiries have been concluded and believe that the proceedings should have been held in a public forum . Although the Israeli evidence that has emerged since publication of our report does n't negate the tragic loss of civilian life , I regret that our fact-finding mission did not have such evidence explaining the circumstances in which we said civilians in Gaza were targeted , because it probably would have influenced our findings about intentionality and war crimes .
Israel 's lack of cooperation with our investigation meant that we were not able to corroborate how many Gazans killed were civilians and how many were combatants . The Israeli military 's numbers have turned out to be similar to those recently furnished by Hamas ( although Hamas may have reason to inflate the number of its combatants ) .
As I indicated from the very beginning , I would have welcomed Israel 's cooperation . The purpose of the Goldstone Report was never to prove a foregone conclusion against Israel . I insisted on changing the original mandate adopted by the Human Rights Council , which was skewed against Israel . I have always been clear that Israel , like any other sovereign nation , has the right and obligation to defend itself and its citizens against attacks from abroad and within . Something that has not been recognized often enough is the fact that our report marked the first time illegal acts of terrorism from Hamas were being investigated and condemned by the United Nations . I had hoped that our inquiry into all aspects of the Gaza conflict would begin a new era of evenhandedness at the U.N. Human Rights Council , whose history of bias against Israel can not be doubted .
Some have charged that the process we followed did not live up to judicial standards . To be clear : Our mission was in no way a judicial or even quasi-judicial proceeding . We did not investigate criminal conduct on the part of any individual in Israel , Gaza or the West Bank . We made our recommendations based on the record before us , which unfortunately did not include any evidence provided by the Israeli government . Indeed , our main recommendation was for each party to investigate , transparently and in good faith , the incidents referred to in our report . McGowan Davis has found that Israel has done this to a significant degree ; Hamas has done nothing .
Some have suggested that it was absurd to expect Hamas , an organization that has a policy to destroy the state of Israel , to investigate what we said were serious war crimes . It was my hope , even if unrealistic , that Hamas would do so , especially if Israel conducted its own investigations . At minimum I hoped that in the face of a clear finding that its members were committing serious war crimes , Hamas would curtail its attacks . Sadly , that has not been the case . Hundreds more rockets and mortar rounds have been directed at civilian targets in southern Israel . That comparatively few Israelis have been killed by the unlawful rocket and mortar attacks from Gaza in no way minimizes the criminality . The U.N. Human Rights Council should condemn these heinous acts in the strongest terms .
In the end , asking Hamas to investigate may have been a mistaken enterprise . So , too , the Human Rights Council should condemn the inexcusable and cold-blooded recent slaughter of a young Israeli couple and three of their small children in their beds .
I continue to believe in the cause of establishing and applying international law to protracted and deadly conflicts . Our report has led to numerous “ lessons learned ” and policy changes , including the adoption of new Israel Defense Forces procedures for protecting civilians in cases of urban warfare and limiting the use of white phosphorus in civilian areas . The Palestinian Authority established an independent inquiry into our allegations of human rights abuses — assassinations , torture and illegal detentions — perpetrated by Fatah in the West Bank , especially against members of Hamas . Most of those allegations were confirmed by this inquiry . Regrettably , there has been no effort by Hamas in Gaza to investigate the allegations of its war crimes and possible crimes against humanity .
Simply put , the laws of armed conflict apply no less to non-state actors such as Hamas than they do to national armies . Ensuring that non-state actors respect these principles , and are investigated when they fail to do so , is one of the most significant challenges facing the law of armed conflict . Only if all parties to armed conflicts are held to these standards will we be able to protect civilians who , through no choice of their own , are caught up in war .
The writer , a retired justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa and former chief prosecutor of the U.N. International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , chaired the U.N. fact-finding mission on the Gaza conflict .
Lobbying deal follows calls for greater transparency over buying campaign influence
THE ELITE organisation representing the bosses of Scottish universities hired professional lobbyists to support their preparations for a Scottish Parliament committee meeting over controversial education reforms .
Universities Scotland , which represents the principals of senior management groups , hired the firm Charlotte Street Partners for three days of `` preparation for a parliamentary appearance '' in return for an undisclosed sum , according to Research Fortnight .
Charlotte Street Partners hit the news in June when the SNP 's chief spin doctor , Kevin Pringle , left his job with the party to join the lobbying firm , which was set up two years ago . Other names at the business include Sir Angus Grossart as chairman , former vice chairman of the Royal Bank of Scotland group ; Scotland on Sunday columnist Andrew Wilson ; and Daily Mail columnist Chris Deerin .
The meeting in question - with the Scottish Parliament 's education committee on 6 October - formed part of the managements group 's recent PR campaign against the proposed Higher Education Governance Bill .
Universities Scotland 's main source of income are the publically funded Scottish universities . The decision to hire professional lobbyists on behalf of university bosses has led to questions from the University College Union trade union and transparency campaigners .
Mary Senior , an official for University College Union Scotland , which is broadly supportive of the governance bill proposals , told CommonSpace : `` People will understandably question why principals felt they needed hired help to answer questions from MSPs on how their universities are run .
`` We feel that their time and resources could have been better spent engaging with their staff and students on the issue , rather than paying people to try and teach them how to spin their side of a story . Ironically , better scrutiny of our universities will hopefully now expose just what principals are spending large sums of public money on . ''
Proposals from the Scottish Government sought to expand democratic decision making in higher education , following previous conflict over departmental cuts and excessive salaries for top university officials .
`` It 's been a useful experiment , and we 'll reflect on whether to repeat it . '' Universities Scotland
While the proposals gained support from staff trade unions and student groups , universities management representatives criticised the plans and claimed that the bill threatens the charitable status of universities .
On the specifics of hiring a lobbying firm to support its campaign , a Universities Scotland statement released online said : `` It 's been a busy time for our small public affairs team , so we 've sought some assistance from communications consultancy Charlotte Street Partners .
`` We 've had three days of their time to help our members with preparation for a parliamentary appearance . We have n't asked Charlotte Street to arrange any meetings on our behalf . It 's been a useful experiment , and we 'll reflect on whether to repeat it .
`` The Scottish Parliament 's standards committee acknowledges that lobbying is a legitimate and valuable activity . It allows parliament to take forward legislation and develop policy informed by the views of those it will affect and so contributes to a healthy democracy . ''
Last week the Scottish Government published a draft Lobbying ( Scotland ) Bill , which seeks to establish a lobbying register for those seeking to influence political decisions making in parliament .
Transparency campaigners criticised the plan for its restrictive approach to what lobbying should be declared and the exclusion of declaring financial cost from the register .
`` Unless lobbyists from Charlotte Street Partners were sat in a parliamentary or ministerial office giving direct support to Universities Scotland officials , this would not be covered by the proposed lobbying register . '' William Dinan , SpinWatch
The firm hired by university bosses , Charlotte Street Partners , does not currently declare its lobbying clients .
However , some examples - including Cluff Natural Resources ( which has faced opposition to its plans for underground coal gasification in the Firth of Forth ) , First Group ( transport corporation ) , a PS45,000 contract with the UK 's Green Investment Bank and the new Scottish train operators Abellio - have all been previously cited as Charlotte Street customers .
Transparency group SpinWatch released a report documenting the Edinburgh lobbying industry - especially around fracking , development projects and corporate influence - and its links to political power brokers in Scotland .
William Dinan , a founding director of SpinWatch and a lecturer at the University of Stirling , expressed concerns to CommonSpace over the lack of transparency in relation to lobbying in Scotland .
Dinan said : `` While the decision of Universities Scotland to pro-actively disclose some elements of their public affairs activity is welcome , it does serve to highlight the limits of the current Lobbying ( Scotland ) Bill . Unless lobbyists from Charlotte Street Partners were sat in a parliamentary or ministerial office giving direct support to Universities Scotland officials , this would not be covered by the proposed lobbying register .
`` At this stage the bill will do little to promote public understanding and scrutiny of all those forms of lobbying that do n't involve face-to-face meetings with ministers and MSPs . The inquiries held by the Scottish Government and parliament over the last few years have clearly established that lobbying entails much more than meeting politicians . The Scottish Government 's decision to exclude special advisors , civil servants , and regulators is very difficult to understand if the intention of the bill is to bring meaningful transparency to how and where influence is exerted . ''
Lobbying scandals have beset politicians at Westminster down the years , with public controversies over 'cash for access ' and lobbying sting operation against former ministers .
Lobbying has been criticised for encouraging the trading of insider favours and increasing the corporate influence of wealthy businesses .
`` It is a matter of public record that we have provided advice to Universities Scotland . We look forward to complying with any measures approved by the Scottish Parliament . '' Malcolm Robertson , Charlotte Street Partners
The issue of financial access to decision making was raised by director of Common Weal and former Universities Scotland lobbyist Robin McAlpine .
`` This case of universities paying for days of coaching from expensive lobbyists shows precisely the problem with the Lobbying Bill , '' McAlpine said .
`` Lobbying is a process of 'rigging the fight ' in favour of whoever has more money . Surely we should have a right to know who is paying who at every stage of the process ? These large sums of money flowing through our democracy in secret are against the public interest and should be fully disclosed . ''
Charlotte Street Partners did not confirm whether it would publish a list of its current clients . However , the firm did provide a statement on its work with Universities Scotland and the proposed Lobbying Bill .
Malcolm Robertson , managing partner at Charlotte Street Partners , told CommonSpace : `` All interested parties having clear communication and making their case as effectively as possible serves the interests of good decision making and good legislation . It is a matter of public record that we have provided advice to Universities Scotland . We look forward to complying with any measures approved by the Scottish Parliament , and are always open and transparent about our commercial interests when engaging people on client related issues . ''
Both the Higher Education Government Bill and Lobbying Bill will face further scrutiny from MSPs in the coming months .
Picture courtesy of Catherine Cronin
Same-sex marriage postal vote a 'waste ' in Indigenous communities , Sistagirls say
Posted
The Tiwi Island Sistagirls say the upcoming same-sex marriage postal vote could be a waste of time in their community because people there are not familiar with the process .
`` I think it 's rubbish really , they 're just wasting their time , '' said Sistagirl Shaun Kerinaiua .
`` Most of our people do n't speak English , it 's our second language and that goes for all Aboriginal people in Australia . ''
The Sistagirls are a group of transgender women from the Tiwi Islands .
An estimated $ 122 million will be spent on a statistical survey of the nation , which will be conducted by the Australian Bureau of Statistics to gauge public interest in changing Australia 's Marriage Act to allow same-sex couples to marry .
`` The Government does n't understand , the Government thinks that Aboriginal people are going to understand , '' said Sistagirl Crystal Johnson .
`` We speak eight , nine , 10 different languages and there are Indigenous people who do n't speak English .
`` The money should be going to bring the information [ about the vote ] to our people in a way that Indigenous people can understand . ''
The Government has given people until August 24 to ensure they are eligible to participate in the optional postal vote through the Australian Electoral Commission .
`` It 's a bit frustrating that there is a website that needs to be used to register — a lot of our people are not literate , we are not up to standard education-wise , I think it 's all just horrible , '' said Shaun Kerinaiua .
It is estimated around $ 66 million will be spent funding the Yes and No campaigns , according to PwC Australia .
On Tiwi , the Sistagirls will be working with limited resources to inspire a yes vote in their community .
`` Crystal , myself and some of the other girls will have a rally , [ we 'll ] put some signs up , hold group discussions and some family gatherings to spread that news and the awareness , '' said Shaun Kerinaiua .
`` We have an interpreter 's services [ in the Northern Territory ] and we have some people who are well spoken and well educated and hopefully they can get out to community members and have translation from English to whatever language they speak . ''
Tiwi Islanders are familiar with the process of polling during federal and local elections , and the Sistagirls believe the vote on same-sex marriage would be more successful if it were held that way .
`` [ People in our community ] have to go and vote if they want a new prime minister , so I think they should keep [ the vote on same-sex marriage ] simple , especially for the remote communities , '' said Shaun Kerinaiua .
Despite the barriers , there is hope among the Sistagirls for a positive outcome .
`` I 'm a black queen and I have a dream , I am an LGBTIQ Aboriginal Torres Strait Islander and I have a dream to be married to a Tiwi man , '' Crystal Johnson said .
Topics : indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , lgbt , marriage , nt
As it stands today , every GPS device available in the sports and fitness world requires a computer in some capacity . Whether that be initial configuration of the device , updating of the unit firmware , or downloading of workouts . Some devices such as the Garmin Edge 510 and 810 now allow uploading of workouts via your phone or tablet . But the vast majority of fitness devices on the market today do n't enable such scenarios .
Thus I figured I 'd walk through the three major tablet platforms and what your options are on each platform . Some platforms have more flexibility than others , as you 'll see . Some solutions are straight forward , and some are downright messy .
The reason I specifically focused on Garmin devices is simple : There 's quite frankly not much support out there for other devices today . Unless the device enumerates as a USB mass storage device , you 're generally out of luck . I could likely count on one hand the other devices that will work with some of these solutions : The O-Synce Navi2Coach ( USB enumerated worked on Surface RT , but not Android ) , and the Timex Run Trainer 2.0 ( USB enumerated worked on Android and Surface RT ) . But that 's it for solutions that work end to end ( inclusive of actually getting the file uploaded to a service via some app ) .
With that , let 's get into it !
Android Downloading :
The Android ‘ story ' is oddly enough the most complete when it comes to getting stuff off your Garmin . I say “ oddly ” because when you look at the rest of the sports and device ecosystem on Android , it 's otherwise fairly convoluted ( see : Bluetooth Smart on Android ) .
I would to upfront note that the Android downloading option is far from perfect . It may work , or may sorta work . The good news is that compared to the iPad option , it only costs a $ 1-2 ( or nothing at all ) to try it out . So you 're not ‘ in the hole ' $ 50 if it does n't work .
Getting data off your Android device ( technically either phone or tablet ) will require you to download the Sportablet app . Now I should point out that Android compatibility with the different download scenarios below is a bit of a complex story . There 's a chart on the app owners website , but I would n't consider it 100 % complete . Meaning , it 's only what they 've tested . More than likely , the support picture is better than it looks . A lot of this has to do with the lack of standardization on Android , making hardware integration somewhat difficult .
In addition to the Sportablet app , if you 're downloading from a Garmin FR310XT/FR405/FR405CX/FR410/FR910XT/FR610/FR60/FR70/Swim , you 're also going to need a few other applications from ANT+ from the Google Play Store . They are the “ ANT Radio Service ” app , and the “ ANT USB Service ” app . Just search for ANT+ in the Google Play Store and you 'll see them all on a singe page .
In summary , grab the following :
In any event , once you 've got the apps downloaded , you 're ready to roll . Well , almost .
See , my tablet does n't have enough power to allow the Edge unit to draw power upon connecting it , which means you 'll either need a USB “ Y ” cable ( plugged into another USB power source ) , or a USB hub ( also powered ) . In my attempt to reduce cable clutter recently , I threw out what I thought were a bunch of duplicate cables – apparently leaving me no spare ‘ Y ' cables ( curse the .99 cent cable ! ) . But I did have a powered USB hub around , so I just used that instead ( just me , I tried in vain this weekend to find a ‘ Y ' cable in Paris ) . Realistically you could plug it into a computer , but that would sorta defeat the purpose . So I 've got two cables , one plugged from tablet to USB hub , and one from Garmin to USB hub .
Ok , next , I 've got the USB adapter that came with the tablet to connect to USB devices , where the Edge ( via the hub ) is plugged into :
Some Android tablets have a native USB port which means you can potentially plug it straight in ( depending on power drain requirements ) . I lack such a tablet and thus have to use the little dongle thing .
Ok , with the unit plugged in you 'll likely get a pop-up saying it wants to open up the Sportablet app , go ahead and do that :
Once that 's opened you 'll be able to ‘ Get new ' and have it enumerate the activities for you to upload . This is true for all USB-connected download capable Garmin devices , including the Edge 200/500/510/705/800/810 , and Forerunner 10/110/210/305 , as well as the Garmin Fenix . Phew !
It 's possible it may also prompt you as well to authorize access to the Garmin Edge , you 'll want to tap OK here .
After it enumerates the activities you can view some basic information about them . I would n't exactly say the Sports Tablet app is the pinnacle of modern user interface design , but it gets the job done .
The real key here is the ability to then share or post these to various online services like Strava , Training Peaks and even Garmin Connect :
Once that 's done , you 'll see it up on Garmin Connect ( or wherever ) :
As an interesting aside – this method does actually work with the Garmin FR305 – and in fact I broke it out and charged it all up just to test with !
Next is the ANT+ downloading . This is applicable to the Garmin FR310XT/FR405/FR405CX/FR410/FR910XT/FR610/FR60/FR70/Swim .
I 'm going to assume you 've got the ANT+ apps installed per a bit higher up , so with that , you 'll go ahead and swap out the USB cable and instead plug in the ANT+ USB stick . I prefer the smaller sticks , like the new Garmin one , or the Suunto one . The new Garmin one is identical to the below , except it does n't say ANT+ on the end of it . And they 're both more or less both identical to the Suunto one . But if you have a Garmin USB stick you normally plug into your computer , that 'll work too .
Before you do anything else with the tablet , we 'll need to ensure your Garmin is set to Pairing mode enabled . This is within the Settings and then System and then Data Transfer area . Just set it to ‘ Yes ' .
From here , you can just tap the same ‘ Get New ' button in the app and it 'll go off and find the watch , and then prompt you to accept the connection . Clicking ‘ Yes ' is the pathway to success here .
After that it 'll start downloading the activities . It may take a wee bit of time .
Once it 's complete , you 'll find a list of them just like earlier , and you can select one and then upload it to Garmin Connect or any other supported service :
If you have an Android phone , you can follow very similar steps . But you 'll need a slightly different piece of gear . You 'll need the OTG USB Adapter cable , which plugs into your Micro-USB port ( normally used for charging ) :
From there , you 'll plug the ANT+ USB stick into that :
And then you 'll repeat everything else as per above :
Finally , one last option . If you happen to have an Edge 705/800/810 and also happen to just download the workouts to a MicroSD card ( $ 10 ) , then you can simply plop the MicroSD card into your Android tablet ( many have MicroSD card slots ) and shortcut about 95 % of the above USB messiness :
Pop it in , and then tap to get or choose activities straight off the MicroSD card . Quick and efficient .
With that , we 'll move onto the iPad .
iPad/iPhone/iPod Downloading :
The iPad ( and iPhone/iPod ) downloads are purely limited to the devices that would normally transfer via the ANT Agent on your computer . This includes the Garmin FR60/FR70/FR310XT/FR610/FR910XT . Note that unfortunately , getting workouts off of the USB-transfer devices like your Garmin Edge or Forerunner 10/110/210/Fenix is n't possible . The reasons for this primarily sit on the Apple side , which does n't allow you to enumerate up those USB devices .
To get items off your Garmin you 'll need the Wahoo Fitness ANT+ adapter , which is a 30-pin connector for any of the previous generation iPads or iPhones . My understanding from Wahoo is it does work just fine with the Lightening Adapter ( making one gigantic adapter ) . Here 's the adapter with my iPad :
From there you 'll grab the free Wahoo Fitness application . Within that tap on History , and then ‘ Import from Garmin Watch ' :
Like with Android , you 'll need to ensure your Garmin is set to Pairing mode ‘ Enabled ' . This is within the Settings and then System and then Data Transfer area . Just set it to ‘ Yes ' .
The Wahoo app will go off and find the watch , and then prompt you to accept the connection . On the watch itself , select ‘ Yes ' if you 'd like to have your workouts end up on the iPad :
Once that 's done it 'll download the workouts . Unlike the Android downloader , the Wahoo App allows you to pick specific workouts , thus reducing the time to wait ( the Android app grabs all of them , taking forever ) :
Once it 's downloaded you can view the workout as if it had been completed on the iPad itself :
And then you can upload it to any number of services from Garmin Connect to Strava , Daily Mile , Training Peaks and many more :
Note that this all works exactly the same on the iPhone , as well as as the iPod . I often use this method to download workouts while in taxis on the way to the airport from my phone to Training Peaks .
It should also be pointed out that using the Apple Camera Connection Kit does n't allow you to either utilize the USB port , nor to read the workout data from MicroSD cards from the Edge 705/800/810 's . Yup , I tried .
Windows Surface RT Downloading :
Windows Surface RT has pretty much the exact opposite problem of the iPad . It can do USB mass storage devices just fine ( like the Edge series ) , but ca n't do the ANT+ variants ( those using the ANT Agent normally ) . This is because the ANT+ USB stick has no drivers for it for Windows RT within the Windows Update Catalog .
Thus as a result , apps ca n't leverage it . Either traditional means like an ANT Agent , or for apps like Peripedal or TrainerRoad to use for creating other experiences .
Note , that if you have a Surface Pro , then those restrictions do n't apply – as it 's effectively just like a regular laptop/computer and has no problems running any of the download apps from any company on the planet .
So while it does n't support the ANT+ Agent units ( i.e . Garmin FR310XT/FR405/FR405CX/FR410/FR910XT/FR610/FR610/FR70/Swim ) , it does quite easily support the Edge series units and some of the less expensive Forerunner units – and does so in the easiest fashion out of everything above . The Surface units include a USB port , and just like Windows on your regular computer , you simply plug the Edge bike computer ( or Forerunner 10/110/210/Fenix ) into the port and you 're good to go .
A couple seconds later it 'll power up the Edge and enumerate the shares to Windows Explorer . You 'll need to switch over to Desktop mode to see them though . Once that 's done you 'll open Internet Explorer and head off to whatever site you want to upload from – be it Training Peaks , Strava , Garmin Connect , or Joe 's Activity Shack . Pretty much all works as normal :
You 'll just pluck the activity file of the USB mounted drive and you 're good to go .
This method also works just fine with the USB-connected non-Edge units as well . In total , the Garmin Edge 200/500/510/705/800/810 , Garmin FR10/110/210 , and Garmin Fenix .
Ideally we 'd see something like TrainingPeaks or Strava have native Windows 8-style applications that could do this without breaking out to desktop mode . But hey , this works reasonably well all things considered . Now only if we could get that ANT+ USB stick in there driver-wise .
Summary :
Trying to make sense of it all ? Well , here 's the skinny on which models you should be able to get working :
Android : Basically everything , one way or another . Via USB : Garmin Edge 200/500/510/705/800/810 , Garmin FR10/110/210/305 , Garmin Fenix . Via ANT+ : Garmin FR50/FR60/FR70/FR405/FR405CX/FR410/FR310XT/FR610/FR910XT , Garmin Swim
iPad/iPhone/iPod : Garmin FR60/FR70/FR310XT/FR610/FR910XT
Windows Surface RT : Garmin Edge 200/500/510/705/800/810 , Garmin FR10/110/210 , Garmin Fenix ( again , Windows Surface Pro you do everything without anything special )
Obviously , the Garmin Edge 510/810 already have Bluetooth uploading capabilities , so pairing those via any of the ‘ less simple ' methods I 've outlined in this post would be kinda silly .
Also note , the Garmin FR405/FR405CX/FR410 does NOT work on the iPad/iPhone/iPod via the Wahoo Fitness adapter . Again , does NOT work . This is because those devices use a slightly older ANT+ transfer mechanism that Wahoo has not supported in their app .
Within each platform , here 's all the relevant parts needed depending on each solution ( note , you do n't need all of them , just the ones you want ) . Please note , the Garmin branded Garmin Fit adapter will NOT work for uploading workouts .
Android : For ANT+ : OTG USB Dongle & ANT+ USB Stick . For USB : USB “ Y ” cable for some units , tablet-specific USB adapter for some tablets that lack USB port
iPhone 4s/iPad 3rd generation and previous , iPods : Wahoo ANT+ Adapter
iPhone 5/iPad 4th generation : Lightning adapter , then Wahoo ANT+ Adapter
Windows Surface RT : Just a regular mini-USB cable that you probably already have 28 of around house
Here 's all the components and links that support the site :
Finally , I focused on these three examples ( Android/iPad/Surface RT ) , simply because it 's what I have lying around the house . If there are other tablets that folks are looking for solutions on ( or have solutions for ) , by all means feel free to drop them below into the comments – information sharing is always good ! The same goes for other non-Garmin devices .
Ready for a lifetime of hard work , the RedHead® Cordura® Pants feature 10.5 oz . 70 % cotton/30 % nylon Cordura Duck fabric that 's prewashed for softness . Other features include kick panels on legs ; double-layer articulated knees , triple-stitched main seams , cell phone pocket , and two carpenter pockets . Machine wash . Imported .
Cordura® Duck fabric is designed for clothing that requires extremely durable and wearable fabric . Based on an intimate blend of cotton and INVISTA 's T420 nylon 6.6 fiber , Cordura Duck fabric can take the punishment inflicted at work or on the weekend , while also providing long-lasting comfort . Cordura Duck fabric—the toughness you need without sacrificing comfort .
RedHead® Cordura® Jackets for Men sold separately and can be found through item search for item number 38-704-865-03
Prewashed for softness
Kick panels on legs
Double-layer articulated knees
10.5 oz . 70 % cotton/30 % nylon Cordura Duck fabric
Triple-stitched main seams
Cellphone pocket
Two carpenter pockets
An energy future that 's both secure and low-carbon means more than just lots of solar panels and wind turbines : it will take lots of ...
An energy future that 's both secure and low-carbon means more than just lots of solar panels and wind turbines : it will take lots of energy storage as well . Without a reliable , affordable and wide-scale means of storing energy , the intermittent power from sun , wind and tidal sources just wo n't be able to support the infrastructure we have today .
Batteries are the obvious first choice , but the current technology is n't sufficient yet . As Donald Sadoway , a leading researcher in energy storage and a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , told Time magazine , “ We need radical breakthroughs , so we need radical experiments. ” The right breakthroughs , he said , would “ send chills down the spine of the carbon world . ”
Bloom Energy made a big splash in 2010 with the release of its advanced fuel cell , the Bloom Energy Server . Since then , the company has begun offering fuel-cell storage as a service as well as a product , but it remains to be seen whether the so-called Bloom Box will be the game-changer the company claims it to be .
So if batteries and fuel cells are n't yet “ ready for prime time ” at a grid scale , which other energy storage technologies show promise ? It could be compressed air energy storage ( CAES ) and , in particular , a type of CAES under development by a New Hampshire-based firm called SustainX .
SustainX 's technology has earned enough interest from both the National Science Foundation and the US Department of Energy to garner $ 5.4 million in funding . And , just this week , the company secured another $ 14.4 million from GE Energy Financial Services and other investors . It 's also won the support of the global generation and distribution firm AES , which is working with SustainX to help it develop a full-scale demonstration plant that could store enough energy to power up to 1,000 homes .
While CAES has been used for more than 100 years to drive telegraph dispatches or power clocks , its limitations have kept its from being applied at a wider , more useful scale . One of the problems has long been heat : when air is compressed to store energy , it heats up , and dissipated heat that 's not recaptured means wasted energy and a loss of efficiency . SustainX claims its technology keeps the air at near-constant temperatures ( isothermal ) during both compression and expansion , making it more efficient that other systems . And by storing air in standard , off-the-shelf industrial gas cylinders above ground instead of in underground salt domes , as do the world 's two existing CAES operations , SustainX says its approach offers the additional advantages of being both scalable and transportable to wherever energy storage is needed .
It all sounds highly promising , though — as usual — the proof will depend on how well the technology performs at a large and commercial scale . However , considering the problems with conventional chemical-based energy storage in batteries , the financial challenges surrounding hydrogen fuel-cell storage and the physical risks associated with pumped water energy storage , mechanical systems based on air or gravity could show real potential for helping to resolve the grid-scale energy storage conundrum .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` It 's the most requested clown gag ever , ” asserts Greg DeSanto . “ Everyone wants to see a lot of clowns come out of a really small car. ” Considering DeSanto 's position as the executive director of the International Clown Hall of Fame and Research Center in the consistently hilarious burg of Baraboo , ­Wisconsin , this is an assertion that needs to be taken almost somewhat seriously .
“ There 's no trick to the clown-car gag , ” says DeSanto , who matriculated in the hallowed halls of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Clown College and performed with the self-proclaimed “ Greatest Show On Earth. ” “ There are no trap doors in stadium floors , and the cars are real cars . ”
In fact , a clown car is fully functional . “ We remove all of the interior , ” explains DeSanto , “ including the door panels and the headliner , and paint the windows except for a small slot for the driver to see through . The driver sits on a milk crate . We remove any interior barrier to the trunk , and we beef up the springs so that the car does n't seem to be riding on its bump stops . Then it 's a matter of shoving in the clowns . ”
An American Standard Clown ( ASC ) stands five feet eight inches tall and weighs 158 pounds , according to the DOT 's Office of Circuses , Zoos , and Carnivals—and possibly Wikipedia . Wait a second . . . okay , now it 's on Wikipedia . Each clown occupies about three cubic feet , assuming a 15-inch width and five-inch thickness .
The SAE passenger volume of a 2011 Ford Focus sedan is 93.4 cubic feet , and the trunk accommodates 13.8 cubic feet . Of course , that rises with the removal of the seats and the interior panels , so let 's call it 120 cubic feet of Total Clown Space ( TCS ) . Theoretically , about 40 clowns should fit into a Focus .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
However , how many clowns go in is a mix of Clown Politics ( CP ) , Clown Size ( CS ) , Clown Flexibility ( CF ) , General Survivability ( GS ) , and the critical Maximum Clown Hilarity ( MCH ) quotient .
Unfortunately , and contrary to accepted folklore , clowns need to breathe . Discomfort is to be anticipated , but General Sur­vivability demands some consideration of physiological needs . Moreover , the overriding concern of anyone packing clowns into a car must be that the result is Maximum Clown Hilarity . Not only must the clown car dispense clowns , it must also disgorge props such as expandable luggage , beach balls , and two-person giraffe outfits with spring-loaded necks . These props cut into the space available for clowns .
How many clowns ( X ) that can be stuffed into any Clown Car ( CC ) therefore can be expressed in this simple equation :
However , it 's the mixture of various clown types being shoved into the subject car that results in Maximum Clown Hilarity . Using the Relative Hilarity Threshold of a six-year-old boy ( RHT6 ) as a denominator , this can all be expressed in this straightforward equation :
Of course , the equation above does n't account for the use of Wacky Props ( WP ) , Improvised Pratfalls ( IP ) , Goofball Mugging ( GM ) , or Generalized Anarchy ( GA ) . Throw those in , and the equation grows in its usefulness , elegance , and mathematical subtlety .
In layperson 's terms , according to DeSanto , all of that boils down to somewhere between 14 and 21 clowns , with their props , in the typical compact clown car .
“ That 's why we do n't use fiberglass shells or kit cars , ” DeSanto adds . “ They just are n't rugged enough . A clown car may not get much mileage on it , but after two years , it 's used up . ”
It 's well known that Russia lags behind the rest of the world 's drone powers in a range of missions .
Following Russia 's war with Georgia in 2008 , it became clear that Russia required substantial investment for indigenous UAV development—and still does if it wants to catch up .
In 2012 , the Russian government publicized the intent to pour up to USD 13 billion into drone development by 2020 , an intent reiterated by Russia 's Defense Minister in 2014 . But as everyone knows , drone development takes time .
A quick look at the drones currently in service with Russia 's armed forces and it 's easy to see that Russia 's UAVs are constrained , carrying out limited reconnaissance or command and control missions .
By 2013 , when President Vladimir Putin called for the speeding up of Russian drone development , few were left wondering why . This year Putin was apparently answered by Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yury Borisov .
On January 25 , Borisov said that the Russian military was putting the finishing touches on several drones . “ We are finalizing research and development work related to the drones that will solve an array of tactical , operational and strategic tasks , ” Borisov commented .
One of these drones appears to be the Altius-M , a medium-altitude long endurance UAV capable of performing the elusive ground strike mission .
Recent satellite imagery acquired by DigitalGlobe from 24 October 2014 shows an Altius prototype parked in front of an engine test stand at the Kazan Aircraft Production Association airfield .
According to measurements taken in Google Earth the V-tailed Altius has a wingspan of 28 meters and a length of about 11 meters . Due to the low image fidelity , these measurements are only an approximate value .
Despite lacking exact dimensions the long thin tapered wings depicted suggest a high aspect ratio supporting the assertion that the Altius is a medium altitude UAV . More specifically , the long wings should produce good lift but inhibit high speeds and maneuverability—characteristics of more advanced drones .
Some have suggested that the design was influenced by the U.S. Reaper UAV . In comparison however , the Altius exceeds the wingspan of the Reaper whose similarly shaped wings only measure 20 meters . It also falls short , as expected , of the higher altitude U.S . Global Hawk at 39 meters .
However , it is powered by two German-built Red A03 engines which provide up to 500 hp each , similar to the Reaper 's single propeller driven TPE-331 sporting 950 hp . Built by the Raikhlin Engine Development GmbH in Adenau , this propeller driven turbo-intercooled V-12s run on both diesel and jet fuel which make the platform easier to support in the field .
While few additional details of the drone 's characteristics are known , it was reported in the Russian press that flight tests should begin in the 2014-2015 period . Satellite imagery may help support that assessment .
Also known as Project Altair , the design of the drone was first revealed to the public in February 2013 when Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu visited the regional republic of Tartarstan .
There at the Kazan Aircraft Production Association , Shoigu had his picture taken with the drone model which later appeared on Tartarstan 's official website . The handheld was subsequently removed , but not before several other Russian-language sites picked up the story .
While 2013 brought images of the Altius to the public , the development of the drone actually began in 2011 when the Tartarstan-based Sokol and St Petersburg-based Tranzas won the RUB 1 billion contract to build the five-ton class aircraft .
However , it was n't until March 2014 , footage of Russia 's first Altius-M prototype appeared online giving watchers a small taste of what to expect ( header image ) .
Given this timeline , some interesting implications can be drawn . For example , while all of Moscow 's armed forces are interested in drone development — largely as a result of Russia 's new military doctrine — only Russia 's Ground Forces General Staff has established a directorate to handle UAV-specific doctrine and development issues . That directorate was stood up in December 2012 .
That suggests that whatever lessons learned in the field may not have been incorporated in this drone 's design . Like with MIG 's Skat this may be just another technology demonstrator never to support troops in actual service . Never mind the potential discussions about sanctions and the fact that the aircraft is driven by German engines . Or perhaps that Russia 's DARPA has consistently said that domestic optics and electronic systems are of low quality .
In the meantime , Russia 's 20 year gap in UAV development has left it with a sizable technological hurdle—meaning it has some serious work to do to catch up .
House Speaker John Boehner , far right , and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , look to Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers as she speaks on Captiol Hill on Sept. 29 . ( Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press )
The Republican Party 's “ Freedom Caucus , ” which has several less-charitable nicknames on Capitol Hill , is the dog that caught the car .
Now what ?
Having ( sort of ) unseated Speaker John Boehner , these 37 or so uber-conservative House members are now scrambling for “ a real leader . ”
Except that they are n't really because they have no one with the skills , experience or legislative record to offer . The “ brat pack , ” as they are also known , had a leader in Boehner but were too self-obsessed to recognize it or to see much beyond their own immediate gratification and pontifical aspirations .
They came to Washington not to govern but to fight . But what does one make of a little boys ' club with nothing to show for themselves other than a record of disruption and a talent for tantrums ?
“ These are the guys who could n't get a prom date , ” one House member said to me privately . “ They 'd rather rape and pillage than do the hard work . They ca n't get to first base much less hit a home run . ”
This person is plainly not a fan , nor are other Republican congressmen who roll their eyes about caucus members who lecture them about the Constitution and rant about the debt . “ Oh , thanks for telling us , moron , ” says my hilltop muse . “ We did n't know . ”
Now they can brag that they 've deposed the speaker himself , which is n't really true . Boehner probably could have prevailed in getting reelected , but what for ? His leadership style has always been to lead where his members want to go . Unfortunately , this led to the shutdown of 2013 , and he was n't willing to lead them there again — especially not over , of all things , defunding Planned Parenthood . The most pro-life speaker in history knew this was the wrong battle at exactly the wrong time .
The opposition “ won ” not because of superior skills or strategy but because Boehner is far more principled than they . He just plays a longer game and understands what these pretenders are incapable of seeing . Shutting down the government hurts Republicans — and it will hurt the GOP 's chances of winning the White House next year . Meanwhile , the narrative is that Boehner was an ineffective leader , a storyline long advanced by the Freedom Caucus and beloved by President Obama ( hint , hint , boys ) . Only a conservative could love Boehner 's record , which included cutting $ 2.4 trillion from the deficit mostly from the spending side and without tax increases . Boehner has been a leader in free trade and is the only speaker to sue the president over separation of powers . Finally , and ironically , he was a tireless campaigner and fundraiser — even for his persecutors .
Boehner 's successor will almost certainly be Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( Calif. ) , who was one of the self-declared “ young guns ” of the House , a posse that also included House Ways and Means Chairman Paul Ryan and former representative Eric Cantor ( Va. ) . Cantor , the then-majority leader , was defeated in 2014 by economics professor and now-Freedom Caucus member Dave Brat .
The No . 2 position of majority leader is also up for grabs among Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( La . ) , known for having once spoken to a white supremacist group , and Rep. Tom Price ( Ga. ) , who has received powerful endorsements from Ryan and Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( Tex . ) .
Missing from the contest is the lone woman in the GOP leadership , Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( Wash. ) , who considered running but announced Monday night that she would not . Currently the chair of the House Republican Conference , she would have been the first female majority leader in history . ( Democrat Nancy Pelosi was minority leader before becoming speaker in 2007 . )
When Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) was 19 , he won $ 5,000 in the California lottery . Here are three other facts you probably did n't know about the House majority leader . ( Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post )
There is a sense among many women on the hill that the boys won again , as in , we 've got a girl in the No . 4 job , we do n't need her in No . 2 . Although this may be true to some extent , others see an alternative scenario — a long-game strategy in the Boehner tradition . Rodgers is well liked and may have elected to bide her time . She 's a steady presence and a leader to be reckoned with — and she 's not going anywhere .
The Freedom Caucus , alas , is n't either , thanks to gerrymandering that makes their jobs secure except from an even-more-conservative Republican challenger . One hopes for sanity 's sake that voters in the relevant districts will begin to see that though they love a fighter , they need one who has something to offer upon winning , other than whining .
Read more from Kathleen Parker 's archive , follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook .
troika : bent light archway arcades project at interieur 2012
troika : bent light archway arcades project at interieur 2012 L30 m x W2 m x H3.2 m lenses , lights , steel and aluminium image © designboom
designboom met with sebastien noel in kortrijk to discuss London-based art and design studio troika ‘ s vision for ‘ future primitives project ' as part of the biennale interieur 2012 entitled ‘ arcades project ' – a site specific light installation exploring what is intangible and what is physical . set up in a former stable building in the historical town of old buda island in belgium , the artwork is an archway given shape by a series of 14 columns of light that are met by a fresnel lens refracting the rays of light that travel through its focal point . on exiting the lens the rays do not just change direction but bend hyperbolically to form the arches of gothic architecture – an immaterial structure .
sebastien noel de scribes the lighting concept and ins tallation
video © designboom
the experimental project combines the elements of science and philosophy articulated through intersecting the disciplines of sculpture , architecture and art where the implanted illuminated form engages in strong metaphysical dialogue with its surrounding volumes – brick walls , pitched roofs and exposed wooden beams . the work offers a moment to reflect upon the ethereal architecture – exploring the boundaries of what does and does not define a space and , ultimately , an experience .
the artwork is set up in a former stable building in the historical town of old buda island in belgium image © designboom
troika comments on their take on the ‘ future primitives ' project : ‘ our interpretation of the ‘ future primitives ' recognizes and questions our consumption with technological progress by offering room for reflection and moments of contemplation rather than efficiency in performance , and celebrates observation , human involvement and experience in an increasingly rational and rationalized world ‘ .
the experimental project combines the elements of science and philosophy image © designboom
a detail of the artwork illustrating the refraction of light image © designboom
a series of 14 columns of luminosity are met by a fresnel lens refracting the rays of light that travel through its focal point image © designboom
the implanted illuminated form engages in strong metaphysical dialogue with its surrounding volumes image © designboom
the work explores the boundaries of what does and does not define a space image © designboom
detail of the lower part of the column image © designboom
image © designboom
image courtesy of troika
video © designboom
sebastien noel of troika portrait © designboom
a sketch of the concept image courtesy of troika
isaac newton 's sketch of his crucial experiment ( experimentum crucis ) in which light from the sun is refracted through a prism
image courtesy troika
the biennale INTERIEUR 2012 has invited 7 artists , designers and architects to create a project room . curator lowie vermeersch explains the future primitives showcase which features nendo , makkink & bey , ross lovegrove , greg lynn , troika , david bowen and muller van severen .
— INTERIEUR 2012 biennale in the city , city in the biennale 20 – 28 october kortrijk , belgium
the biennale INTERIEUR is now in its 23rd edition and is internationally recognized as an not-to-be-missed overview of trends , tastes and cultural movements . INTERIEUR 2012 will be bigger and better than ever with an extensive programme and an exciting mix of culture and commerce . it will bring a curated selection of 300 international design brands to 90.000 expected visitors over a period of nine days , additional exhibitions are scheduled to be shown in the city-centre , and pop-up bars plus a restaurant will be installed beyond the halls of the fairgrounds .
The real-life “ Battle of the Sexes ” was a major media event in 1973 — a tennis match at the Houston Astrodome between Bobby Riggs , a 55-year-old former champ , and Billie Jean King , who was 29 at the time and at the height of her powers as a player . The New York Times called it “ an atmosphere more suited for a circus than a sports event . ”
Riggs , who according to the Times “ had bolted to national prominence with his blunt putdowns of women 's tennis and the role of today 's female , ” styled himself as a “ male chauvinist pig ” going into the match . King , who was famous for demanding that women tennis players receive equal pay to the men when they brought in equal crowds , served as a representative for feminist ideals and women more generally .
Rating vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark
All that was blatantly part of the marketing , which means to call the match a “ metaphor ” might be a bit generous . Even at the time , the subtext was the text . It was n't just women 's sports that was on the line : It was the assertion that women , more broadly , were as capable as men of playing high-level sports , earning a living , making choices about their lives , and operating well under pressure . King 's victory is not just part of sports history but also American women 's history .
Battle of the Sexes , from directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris ( Little Miss Sunshine ) and screenwriter Simon Beaufoy ( Slumdog Millionaire ) , tries to give the match more heft and complexity than its media spectacle trappings conveyed at the time . At times , it works . But at others , it struggles to find its footing , and sometimes it flat-out falls down .
Battle of the Sexes draws one character much more coherently than the other
Emma Stone turns in a strong performance as King , who is the real focus of the film . Most Battle of the Sexes ' interest is in King 's side of the story . She and women 's tennis promoter Gladys Heldman ( Sarah Silverman ) fight back against the smilingly , blatantly sexist head of the US Lawn Tennis Association , Jack Kramer ( Bill Pullman ) , when he refuses to grant the women 's championship match equal prize money to the men 's match , even though they attract the same number of viewers .
King and Heldman pull together a group of the country 's best women tennis players ( including Rosie Casals , played by Natalie Morales ) to form their own association and go on their own tour , sponsored by Virginia Slims cigarettes .
Though the film 's title invokes that one famous match between King and Riggs , it 's what happens during the Virginia Slims Circuit that is Battle of the Sexes ' main interest . King is married to a supportive husband , Larry ( Austin Stowell ) , but she finds herself drawn to Marilyn ( Andrea Riseborough ) , a hairdresser she meets in Los Angeles . The attraction confuses King — who typically does n't even bring Larry on tour because she needs to train with no distractions — but it 's undeniable . And when Marilyn joins the ladies on tour , their relationship grows , though it 's kept under wraps for the sake of appearances .
Initially King turned down Riggs 's challenge to a public match , and he played Margaret Court ( Jessica McNamee ) instead — and won . But she took him up on it later , more or less ( according to the film ) because he would n't shut his mouth and she was pretty sure she could beat him . While Riggs partied and consorted with cheerleaders and promoted his joking-but-not-joking sexist persona , King trained . And she trained hard .
King 's story is much more strongly drawn in Battle of the Sexes than that of Riggs ( played by Steve Carell ) , which is probably on purpose . By the time he challenged King to the match , Riggs was a has-been , a former champion turned compulsive gambler having trouble getting his recovery to stick . His wife was n't sure she could stay with him , and he carried around a fair amount of wounded pride . The New York Times called him a “ 55-year-old hustler who had bolted to national prominence with his blunt putdowns of women 's tennis and the role of today 's female . ”
That “ hustler ” designation is important : Riggs 's “ male chauvinist pig ” persona got men ( and certain kinds of women ) excited because he was saying things they thought but were afraid to say out loud at the risk of being seen as loutish or vulgar . Riggs gave them permission to call themselves male chauvinist pigs and be proud of it . He was an outsize media personality with a big ego and a mouth to match it . ( Swap a few key details , and it sounds pretty familiar in 2017 — and it 's totally unsurprising to remember that Donald Trump tried to recreate the Battle of the Sexes in 2000 , this time between John McEnroe and the Williams sisters . )
This would seem like an ideal role for Carell , who 's made a career of playing loudmouthed doofuses ( Michael Scott , John du Pont ) who are still , deep down , worthy of at least pity , if not affection . The movie is n't quite as good at knowing what to do with Carell 's talents , though , rendering his character somewhat incoherent .
Riggs is n't the villain of Battle of the Sexes . ( That distinction belongs to Jack Kramer , whose too-slight role in the film is disappointingly one-note . ) In giving Riggs 's backstory , the movie seems to want viewers to sympathize with him : Here 's a guy who does n't really believe most of what he 's said in public , and who 's struggling to keep himself from obscurity .
Of course , if you 're willing to exploit a distasteful attitude in public , then you at least tacitly agree with it , which is a big hurdle when it comes to engendering any sort of sympathy for Riggs . And unfortunately , Battle of the Sexes ' Riggs is too thinly written to let us really get there — which obfuscates his character in the end .
Battle of the Sexes ca n't overcome the limitations of its own source material
Battle of the Sexes , for all its failings , is still enjoyable to watch . Stone in particular is terrific , and Faris and Dayton make the smart choice to shoot the film with the kind of texture and camerawork that evokes movies from 1973 .
But as a sports movie , it 's unsatisfying — though that 's not exactly its fault . Sports movies almost always hang on the big game or match as some kind of metaphor for a real social battle . The games and matches often stand in for cultural struggles around race , class , gender , and national identity — but that struggle is the subtext , and the movie brings it to the fore . ( Think of The Wrestler , or Remember the Titans , or Cinderella Man , or Rocky . )
The real-life Battle of the Sexes had no subtext . The subtext was the text from the start . You might even call it a supertext , thanks to the name and Riggs 's antics . ( The screenplay also has a predilection for forcing characters to explain and re-explain all of their actions and motivations , which makes the whole thing extra ponderous . ) So bringing that story to the screen had extra challenges that this screenplay ca n't quite hurdle ; it never seems to know what the “ real ” story is . It 's about gender equality and equal pay . It 's also about LGBTQ rights , and it 's a love story . It 's also about how the spectacle of sports can chew people up and spit them out as useless while they still have decades to live . It 's about courage and about a changing America and , at the same time , about how little has changed .
Most of all , though , it 's about Billie Jean King — and maybe the movie 's smartest tactic would have been to simply stick to her , without trying too hard to fill out Riggs 's character and underplaying its hand . Even in 1973 , she was the much more compelling character . Maybe someday she 'll get a movie that truly gives her what she 's due .
Battle of the Sexes premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival and opened in theaters in the US on September 21 .
The U.S. Department of Energy thinks it can solve two of the largest obstacles standing in the way of the electric car .
Many experts have asserted that the limited range of modern electric vehicles and the amount of time it takes to charge the batteries are the primary reasons why they still make up a miniscule portion of the automobile market — less than 1 percent , according to HybridCars.com . But with a pair of research projects , the DOE is betting that it can more than double the energy density of lithium-metal batteries and dramatically increase the speed of charging .
The energy density project — which Pacific Northwest National Laboratory will lead in conjunction with eight other research institutions — is called Battery500 . That 's because the project is aiming to pack 500 watt-hours of energy per kilogram into lithium batteries , compared with today 's average 170-200 watt-hours per kilogram . That means cars would essentially be able to travel 2.5 to 2.9 times farther without increasing the weight of their batteries .
The news comes in the context of a few companies standing poised to release fully electric cars in the next two years with the kind of range experts think the mass market can get behind . A 2013 survey from the California Center for Sustainable Energy found that 57 percent of electric car drivers wanted a range of at least 150 miles on a single charge ; Tesla 's upcoming Model 3 promises 215 miles , and the Chevrolet Bolt will offer 200 .
Doubling that range would mean either car could drive about as far as the gas-powered Toyota Camry , one of the best-selling cars in the U.S .
The Battery500 project will receive $ 10 million from the DOE every year for five years to conduct its research .
The fast-charging program , also funded through the DOE , is in an earlier stage . The White House announced July 21 that the department will seek to conduct a study by the end of the year on whether 350-kilowatt fast chargers are feasible . Such a charger , according to the announcement , would be able to charge a battery with 200 miles of range in 10 minutes — not much longer than a stop at a gas station .
That 's a big deal for the usefulness of electric vehicles too . According to a February study from the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute , battery-electric vehicles can keep up with gasoline-powered and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles for short trips but not long ones . Any trip of 250 miles or more in a battery-electric car might involve something like an hour of charging with a direct current level-two fast charger , while a gas-powered or fuel cell car would n't have to stop at all during that time frame .
During a 1,000-mile trip — about the distance from Chicago to New Orleans , or New York to Orlando , Fla. — a battery-electric car might need five-and-a-half hours of charging .
“ The implementation of DC fast charging has the potential to impact many technology areas and tackle key technological barriers associated with high-rate charging [ 50 kW and above ] , and fast charging increases the utility of [ electric vehicles ] , aides in their adoption . ''
AnswerID : 447755
Follow Up By : Muntoo 0 FollowupID : 720072 Yeah have the same happen with deep sea mullet all the time . Mongrels carry some weight and speed too . Good eating and even better bait .
Follow Up By : Member - Jeff P ( SA ) 0 FollowupID : 720073 Great Video unfortunately these fish are introduced vermin that are destroying American waterways and native stocks see Silver Carp
Had a similar thing happen up a creek off the East Alligator River , although not on that scale . The tide was going out rapidly and the crocs were getting higher than us ....... eerrr , up the banks I mean , and as we motored out , Ox eyed Herring were jumping everywhere . One hit me in the back , frightened HELL out of me thought it was a croc . I Nearly jumped out of the boat.Are the Territory.Noel K .
Central Mass Longboard Festival is back for round five ! The event will be taking place in the lovely little town of Harvard , MA , Mike Girard , we are more-than-stoked to make it back for this year 's event ! To get the full scoop on the weekend-long festival , head over to is back for round five ! The event will be taking place in the lovely little town of Harvard , MA , located 25-miles west-northwest of Boston . After attending last year 's festival per the request of our friend ( and event organizer ) , we are more-than-stoked to make it back for this year 's event ! To get the full scoop on the weekend-long festival , head over to the event page on Facebook , or to the official event website itself . The words below have found their way to us courtesy of Mr. Girard :
To help encourage the broad growth of all skate disciplines , we are adding a mini ramp jam into the mix on Day 1 of 3 . Alongside the DH race and slide jam , we hope this will bring even more regional skaters from more riding styles out of the woodwork , while encouraging downhillers to expand their vision and practice of skateboarding . – Mike Girard .
We are revising downhill format to heats of 6 , 3 advance to increase the speed and excitement
DH will cost $ 65 , Slide Jam $ 40 , Mini Ramp $ 10 .
After-party will feature 3 live acts & shuttles to/from hotels
After paying $ 10 , riders can use the mini all day Friday and Saturday . This fee includes entry into the jam and best trick contest on Friday , but does not require competing . If you 're unfamiliar with the event itself and would like to get a better feel for the festivities , check out our full recap of last year 's Central Mass and/or watch the video below :
Share +1 Share 0
Alphabet aims to bring the Internet within the reach of some 100 million people in Indonesia through its Project Loon balloons flying 20 kilometers above the earth .
The company said Thursday that the country 's top three mobile network operators—Indosat , Telkomsel , and XL Axiata—have agreed to test the balloon-powered LTE Internet connections over Indonesia next year .
Project Loon , started in June 2013 , aims to use a network of balloons floating on the edge of space to connect people in rural and remote areas . The project partners with local telecommunications companies to share cellular spectrum , and the balloons relay wireless traffic from mobile phones and other devices to the Internet using high-speed links , according to the website of the project . By moving with the wind , the balloons can be arranged to form one large communications network that helps telecommunications services providers extend their networks .
The use of balloons to fill coverage gaps where traditional broadband connectivity can not reach is particularly relevant in Indonesia which is an archipelago of over 17,000 islands with jungles and mountains .
Project Loon can help overcome the difficulties of spreading equipment across the islands , providing connectivity to even the most remote islands , Mike Cassidy , vice president of Project Loon , wrote in a blog post . The tests represent an important step toward bringing all of Indonesia online , he added .
Only one out of three people in the Southeast Asian country are currently connected to the Internet , and over the next few years , Google hopes Loon can partner with local providers to put high-speed LTE Internet connections within reach of more than 100 million currently unconnected people , Cassidy wrote .
Project Loon is being run by an independent lab called X within Alphabet , Google 's parent company , after a reorganization this month . The lab incubates new initiatives like Wing , a drone delivery project .
The balloon system has been trialed with Telstra in Australia , Telefonica in Latin America and with Vodafone in New Zealand .
Bringing underserved populations on to the Internet has emerged as a goal for technology companies , particularly as these people could turn out to be potentially large markets for Internet services .
On Wednesday , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in Delhi that his company , which has about 130 million users in India , aims to connect the other 1 billion people in the country who do n't have access to the Internet yet , to bring to them the opportunities of education , health information and other benefits that the Internet can bring .
Facebook 's Free Basics service that offers free access to a few services through a local telecommunications operator has been criticized for creating a `` walled garden '' to promote a few services including Facebook . Zuckerberg said the `` zero-rating '' or toll-free provision of services was not opposed to net neutrality , which has been recognized in the U.S. and Europe . The Free Basics platform has also been thrown open to developers if they meet certain basic conditions , he added .
To boost Internet availability in remote locations , Facebook is exploring the use of satellite to beam Internet services and recently bought satellite bandwidth to deliver free services to Africa .
Findings Show Promise in Battle Against Tinnitus
Nerve Stimulation Shown to Reverse Common Type of Hearing Impairment
Targeted nerve stimulation could yield a long-term reversal of tinnitus , a sometimes debilitating hearing impairment affecting at least 10 percent of senior citizens and up to 40 percent of military veterans , according to an article posted in today 's online edition of Nature .
Researchers Dr. Michael Kilgard and Dr. Navzer Engineer from The University of Texas at Dallas and University-affiliated biotechnology firm MicroTransponder report that sounds paired with stimulation of the vagus nerve eliminated tinnitus in rats . A clinical trial in humans is due to begin in the next few months .
Described as a ringing in the ears , tinnitus causes mild irritation for some people but is disabling and painful for many others . The U.S. Veterans Administration spends about $ 1 billion a year on disability payments for tinnitus , said Kilgard , associate professor in the School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences at UT Dallas and co-author of the journal article .
“ Brain changes in response to nerve damage or cochlear trauma cause irregular neural activity believed to be responsible for many types of chronic pain and tinnitus. ” Dr. Michael Kilgard
“ Brain changes in response to nerve damage or cochlear trauma cause irregular neural activity believed to be responsible for many types of chronic pain and tinnitus , ” he said . “ But when we paired tones with brief pulses of vagus nerve stimulation ( VNS ) , we eliminated the physiological and behavioral symptoms of tinnitus in noise-exposed rats . ”
The researchers are , in essence , retraining the brain to ignore the nerve signals that simulate ringing . They monitored the laboratory rats for several weeks after therapy , and the improvements persisted .
“ This minimally invasive method of generating neural plasticity allows us to precisely manipulate brain circuits , which can not be achieved with drugs , ” said Engineer , vice president of preclinical affairs at MicroTransponder and lead author on the study . “ Pairing sounds with VNS provides that precision by rewiring damaged circuits and reversing the abnormal activity that generates the phantom sound . ”
“ It 's exciting that the National Institutes for Health has been so supportive of our efforts to move this work along faster , in hopes of providing effective treatments to tinnitus patients. ” Dr. Navzer Engineer
The research team is developing parameters for a clinical trial in humans . Vagus nerve stimulation is currently used in humans for treatment of epilepsy and depression . “ The translation from basic science to the clinic has been quite rapid , ” Engineer said . “ It 's exciting that the National Institutes for Health has been so supportive of our efforts to move this work along faster , in hopes of providing effective treatments to tinnitus patients . ”
Early in 2010 , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) granted Kilgard and MicroTransponder $ 1.7 million to further investigate whether nerve stimulation offers a long-term cure for tinnitus .
The first patient could be treated in Europe early this year , Engineer said . The initial set of human participants will have the electrodes attached to the left vagus nerve in their necks as part of a short outpatient procedure . They will return to the clinic every weekday for a few weeks of treatment . At each session , they will experience VNS paired with sounds .
MicroTransponder , a neuroscience-based medical device company , was founded by UT Dallas Ph.D. candidate Will Rosellini and sponsored by the school 's Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship . MicroTransponder is developing a less invasive wireless medical device to stimulate the vagus nerve . The UT Dallas/MicroTransponder team also is studying how best to optimize the paired therapy for tinnitus patients .
Past research has shown that the severity of chronic pain and tinnitus is tied to the degree of plasticity in the brain 's cortex . A previous study showed that repeatedly pairing sensory stimuli with electrical stimulation of a brain structure called nucleus basalis generates powerful and long-lasting changes in cortical organization . Since the vagus nerve is easier to access for clinical use , and is known to trigger the release of molecules in the brain that promote neural changes , follow-up studies were performed on the vagus nerve .
For the VNS study , the research team used a “ gap detection model ” to document tinnitus in rats that were exposed to loud noise for one hour while under anesthesia . Each of the noise-exposed rats used in this study exhibited a significant impairment in the ability to detect a quiet gap in a tone near their tinnitus frequency , but exhibited no impairment when the gap was placed in a higher or lower tone .
“ Previous research showed that a frequency-specific impairment in gap detection is a likely sign that noise-exposed rats experience a mid-frequency tinnitus ‘ ringing ' that fills the silent gaps , ” Kilgard said . “ Though it is n't possible to evaluate the subjective experience of rats , this gap impairment has been taken as an indicator of tinnitus . ”
When the rats were exposed to VNS paired with sounds , the gap impairment was eliminated – indicating that the tinnitus was gone .
Today 's therapies for tinnitus have limited success and frequently must be modified over time because they become ineffective . “ The VNS treatment would be an improvement over current therapies involving medications or counseling because it offers a possible permanent end to the condition and does n't appear to cause any significant side effects , ” Kilgard said .
Additional sponsors of the work include the James S. McDonnell Foundation , the Norman Hackerman Advanced Research Program and the Texas Emerging Technology Fund .
The paper 's other authors were UT Dallas neuroscientists Drs . Jonathan Riley , Jonathan Seale , Will Vrana , Jai Shetake , Sindhu Sudanagunta and Michael Borland . The article will be published in the Jan. 27 print edition of Nature .
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In this first ever press conference , Garry Monk joked : `` I wo n't be going to Paris next week because we wo n't lose on Saturday . ''
If you do n't understand the context of that gag , then where have you been ?
The point is , under Monk , Swansea are back and they will do it the Swansea way .
Flick through the gallery for our 10 reasons why they will win the South Wales derby
Because history 's on their side
You may have heard this one before , but no side has completed the derby double .
A century of rivalry has taught us that no-one holds the bragging rights for too long so surely fate favours the Swans .
Because they still have matchwinners
For all the talk of loss of form , a quick glance down the Swansea teamsheet shows the fact there 's still game changers in the side that can turn it on – and these players have n't become average ones overnight .
If Cardiff thinks recent problems mean victory is a shoo-in , more fool them .
Because Michu could be back ( Maybe ) .
Has n't been the same this season because of nagging injuries that has eventually led to this latest two-month layoff , but what he did to Valencia this term should worry Cardiff if he 's anywhere near close to a return .
With a place in the World Cup for grabs , Michu is on a mission .
Because Swansea loves proving people wrong .
They 've done it so many times so do n't be surprised if they pull it off once more with the world seemingly against them .
From Sam Hammam saying they had a cat in hell 's chance of making it to the Premier League , to passing their way to success when they were tipped for second-season syndrome , no-one enjoys making people eat their words more than the lot at the Liberty Stadium .
Because no-one 's made it a treble .
Cardiff has back-to-back wins in this fixture ( albeit over a gap of a few years as the Swans lived it up in the Premier League ) but not even the greatest South Wales sides have managed to make it three wins on the bounce in league and English cup competitions .
This time it 's Swansea 's turn ... history says that 's official !
Because Bony is a beast
The immovable Ivorian did n't even start the last game as he struggled to settle into the Premier League but those tree-trunk thighs are up and running now . Steven Caulker and co. know they 're in for a battle to try and handle the 16-goal striker .
Because Ashley Williams will get angry if they do n't .
Swans skipper Williams is n't one to tolerate things going wrong and there 's been a few players on the wrong end of ear bashings from a captain who wo n't stand for complacency .
If the thought of beating your arch-rivals was n't motivation enough , avoiding a hairdryer from the Wales defender will be .
Because Cardiff is n't sure who they are anymore .
No , that 's not a reference to the red rebrand but because of new boss Solskjaer 's attempts to move away from the energetic but cautious approach of Mackay into a more possession-orientated team .
The danger could be that Cardiff end up mastering neither – and trying to take on the pass-masters at their own game could play into Swansea hands .
Because there are too many new boys in the Bluebirds .
While Swansea fans were left disappointed not to add too many names to their options in January , Cardiff went the other way and while victory over Norwich saw Kenwyne Jones and Wilfried Zaha fire , to get the complete performance needed to win the derby may be asking too much too soon of a new-look Cardiff side . And plus , Fabio 's four-minute red the last time he played Swansea does n't bode well .
Because they have to .
All the speculation and scare stories is one thing , but the need for Premier League points is huge . For Swansea fans , the thought of Cardiff doing the derby double and dragging them right down to the bottom places does n't bear thinking about .
Daylight saving time ( +1 hour ) is used in states in the south and south-east - South Australia , New South Wales , Victoria , Tasmania , and the ACT . It is not currently used in Western Australia , the Northern Territory or Queensland .
Australia uses three main time zones : Australian Western Standard Time ( AWST ; UTC+08:00 ) , Australian Central Standard Time ( ACST ; UTC+09:30 ) , and Australian Eastern Standard Time ( AEST ; UTC+10:00 ) . [ 1 ] Time is regulated by the individual state governments , [ 2 ] some of which observe daylight saving time ( DST ) . Australia 's external territories observe different time zones .
When abbreviating `` Australian Central Time '' and `` Australian Eastern Time '' , in domestic contexts the leading `` Australian '' may be omitted ; however , the prefix `` A '' is often used to avoid ambiguity with the time zone abbreviations `` CST '' and `` EST '' referring to the Central and Eastern Time Zones in North America . [ citation needed ]
Since 1899 , the only major changes in Australian time zones have been the setting of clocks to one-half hour earlier than Eastern time ( GMT plus 10:30 ) on the territory of Lord Howe Island , and Norfolk Island changing from UTC+11:30 to UTC+11:00 on 4 October 2015 . [ 4 ]
When the Northern Territory was separated from South Australia and placed under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government , that Territory kept Central Standard Time . Likewise , when the ACT was broken off from New South Wales , it retained Eastern Standard Time .
On 1 May 1899 at 12:00AM local time , South Australia advanced Central Standard Time by thirty minutes ( see above ) after lobbying by businesses who wanted to be closer to Melbourne time and cricketers and footballers who wanted more daylight to practice in the evenings [ 3 ] disregarding the common international practice of setting one-hour intervals between adjacent time zones . [ why ? ] Attempts to correct these oddities in 1986 and 1994 were rejected . [ citation needed ]
The colonies enacted time zone legislation , which took effect in February 1895 . The clocks were set ahead of GMT by 8 hours in Western Australia ; by 9 hours in South Australia ( and the Northern Territory , which it governed ) ; and by 10 hours in Queensland , New South Wales , Victoria , and Tasmania . The three time zones became known as Western Standard Time , Central Standard Time , and Eastern Standard Time . Broken Hill in the far west of New South Wales also adopted Central Standard Time due to it being connected by rail to Adelaide but not Sydney at the time . [ 3 ]
The standardisation of time in Australia began in 1892 , when surveyors from the six colonies in Australia met in Melbourne for the Intercolonial Conference of Surveyors . The delegates accepted the recommendation of the 1884 International Meridian Conference to adopt Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) as the basis for standard time .
Though the governments of the states and territories have the power to legislate variations in time , the standard time within each of these is set related to Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) as determined by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures and set by section 8AA of the National Measurement Act of 1960 [ 5 ] of the Commonwealth .
Australia has kept a version of the UTC atomic time scale since the 1990s , but Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) remained the formal basis for the standard times of all of the states until 2005 . In November 2004 , the state and territory attorneys-general endorsed a proposal from the Australian National Measurement Institute to adopt UTC as the standard of all Australian standard times , thereby eliminating the effects of slight variations in the rate of rotation of the Earth that are inherent in mean solar time . All states have adopted the UTC standard , starting on 1 September 2005 .
In Victoria , South Australia , Tasmania and the ACT , the starting and ending dates of daylight saving times are officially determined by proclamations , declarations , or regulation made by the State Governor or by the responsible minister . Such instruments may be valid for only the current year , and so this section generally only refers to the legislation . In New South Wales and Western Australia , the starting and ending dates , if any , are to be set by legislation .
Western Standard Time ( WST ) – UTC+08:00
Western Australia – Standard Time Act 2005 [ 6 ]
Central Standard Time ( ACST ) – UTC+09:30
South Australia – Standard Time Act 2009 [ 7 ] and the Daylight Saving Act 1971 [ 8 ]
2009 and the 1971 Northern Territory – Standard Time Act 2005 [ 9 ]
Eastern Standard Time ( AEST ) – UTC+10:00
Time offsets during standard time
Time offsets during daylight-saving time ( from Southern Hemisphere spring until autumn )
Daylight saving time ( DST ) Edit
vox-pop from the ABC in Tasmania when DST was introduced in the 1970s
The choice of whether to use DST is a matter for the governments of the individual states and territories . However , during World War I and World War II all states and territories used daylight saving time ( DST ) . In 1968 Tasmania became the first state in peacetime to use DST , followed in 1971 by New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland , South Australia , and the Australian Capital Territory . Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not adopt it . Queensland abandoned DST in 1972 . Queensland and Western Australia have occasionally used DST during the past 40 years during trial periods .
The main DST zones are the following :
( Australian ) Central Daylight Saving Time ( CDST or ACDT ) – UTC+10:30 , in South Australia
( CDST or ACDT ) – UTC+10:30 , in South Australia ( Australian ) Eastern Daylight Saving Time ( EDST or AEDT ) – UTC+11:00 , in New South Wales , the ACT , Victoria , and Tasmania
During the usual periods of DST , the three standard time zones in Australia become five zones . This includes the areas that do not observe DST : Western Australia ( UTC plus 8:00 ) , the Northern Territory ( UTC plus 9:30 ) , and Queensland ( UTC plus 10:00 ) .
The change to and from DST takes place at 2:00 am local standard time the appropriate Sunday . Until 2008 , DST usually began on the last Sunday in October , and ended on the last Sunday in March . However , Tasmania , given its latitude further south , began DST earlier , on the first Sunday in October , and ended it later , on the first Sunday of April .
On 12 April 2007 , New South Wales , Victoria , Tasmania , and the ACT agreed to common beginning and ending dates for DST from 2008 . DST in these states and South Australia began on the first Sunday in October and ended on the first Sunday in April . Western Australia was then the only state to use DST from the last Sunday in October to the last Sunday in March , but it abolished DST in 2009 . [ 16 ]
Anomalies Edit
Road sign near Broken Hill
Yancowinna County in New South Wales
The town of Broken Hill ( specified as Yancowinna County ) , is in far western New South Wales . Unlike the rest of New South Wales , Broken Hill ( and the surrounding region ) observes Australian Central Standard Time ( UTC+09:30 ) , a time zone it shares with South Australia and the Northern Territory . As mentioned above , when standard time was adopted , Broken Hill was linked by rail to Adelaide , not Sydney .
Lord Howe Island , part of the state of New South Wales but 600 kilometres ( 370 mi ) east of the Australian mainland in the Pacific Ocean , uses UTC+10:30 during the winter months ( 30 minutes ahead of the eastern states ) , but advances to UTC+11:00 in summer ( the same time as the rest of New South Wales ) .
A compromise between Western and Central time ( UTC+08:45 , without DST ) , unofficially known as Central Western Standard Time , is used in one area in the southeastern corner of Western Australia and one roadhouse in South Australia . Towns east of Caiguna on the Eyre Highway ( including Eucla , [ 18 ] Madura , Mundrabilla and Border Village , just over the border into South Australia ) , follow `` CWST '' instead of Western Australian time . The total population of that area is estimated at 200 people . [ 19 ] This area did not change when South Australia introduced DST . During the Western Australian trial of DST from 2006 to 2009 , this area also sets its clocks ahead one hour during summer . This time zone is not officially recognised , but is marked by official road signs .
The Indian Pacific train has its own time zone – a so-called `` train time '' when travelling between Kalgoorlie , Western Australia and Port Augusta , South Australia – which was at UTC plus 9:00 hours during November 2005 when DST was observed in the eastern and southern states . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
External territories Edit
Australia 's external territories follow different time zones .
Special events Edit
In 2000 , all of the eastern jurisdictions that normally observe DST – New South Wales , Victoria , the ACT , and Tasmania – began DST early because of the Summer Olympic Games and the Summer Paralympic Games held in Sydney . These jurisdictions moved to DST on 27 August 2000 . South Australians did not change their clocks until the usual date , which was 29 October 2000 .
In 2006 , all of the states that followed DST ( the above states and South Australia ) delayed their return to Standard Times by one week , because of the 2006 Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne in March . DST ended on 2 April 2006 .
National times Edit
There are situations in which a nationwide time is in effect . In the case of business activities , a national time can be used . For example , a prospectus for the issue of stock in a company would usually set the closing time for offers at some location ( e.g . Sydney ) as the time when offers must be received , regardless of the source of the offer . Similarly , tenders for their sale of stock usually set out the time at a given location by which they must be received to be considered . Another example is the Australian Stock Exchange which operates on Eastern Standard Time .
On the other hand , Federal legislation yields to state-regulated standard times in many diverse situations . For example , it yields in setting the normal working times of Federal employees , the recognition of public holidays , etc . The Federal government also relies on local times for Federal elections , so that the polls in Western Australia close two or three hours after those in the eastern states . Also , documents to be filed in a Federal Court may be filed based on the local time . The effect of this is that if there had been a failure to file a legal document on time in an eastern State , that document can sometimes still be filed ( within two hours ) in Western Australia .
The Uniontown police officer who was shot while responding to a domestic violence call Sunday evening is a veteran police officer in Stark County .
Sgt . David White was shot four times while responding to a call for help . The suspect was killed when police returned fire .
Sgt . White is now at Summa Akron City Hospital in stable condition . His fellow officers are shocked by what happened .
`` They 're all stunned , '' said Uniontown Police Chief Harold Britt . `` You would never think that would happen , especially to Dave . He 's very experienced . It 's an emotional drain on the officers and the family . ''
The police chief stressed what happened on Lela Avenue after 10 p.m. illustrates that domestic violence calls are among the most dangerous for police officers .
In this case , a woman called 911 to report a domestic disturbance involving her brother .
Sgt . White , who is in charge of the midnight shift and has been with the department since 2002 , responded with the only other officer working .
Stark Co sheriff : There is history of guns being removed from home where shooting happened . Suspect Ryan Probst has history of assault . pic.twitter.com/02VQQzEchh — Meg Shaw ( @ MegDShaw ) July 10 , 2017
But investigators tell News 5 that 28-year-old Ryan Probst started shooting , hitting the sergeant four times .
It 's not clear if both Sgt . White and his partner fired their guns but gunfire was returned and Probst was shot and killed .
A 2014 police report shows Uniontown police were called to Probst 's home for a domestic violence call involving his wife and baby . The child was not injured in that case . Authorities also said Probst had a history of assault , aggravated menacing , and police said they have confiscated weapons from him in the past .
According to the Stark County Sheriff 's Office , other people who were inside the home left before the shootout .
Sgt . White is married with four children .
The shooting was captured on both police body camera video and cruiser dash camera video but it has not yet been released .
It 's not clear how long Sgt . White will be in the hospital but his chief said he 's looking at a long road to recovery .
Unlocking the Potential of Ethereum and the Blockchain
Blockmason Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 15 , 2017
Last week , BlockMason released its first protocol for the Ethereum ecosystem : Foundation . I wo n't get too technical ( you can read our Whitepaper for that ) , but Mama Mason and I thought it would be good if we all ate some pie down by the fireplace and had a casual chat about how Foundation works , why we believe in it , and our vision for its future .
Right now , Ethereum is complicated . Despite relatively few usable applications , the network boasts an ever proliferating number of options for interacting with programs , executing transactions , and storing ether .
Increasingly , people are entering the Ethereum universe hoping for quick financial gain — capitalizing on volatile markets and easy currency exchange — but they 're often stumped at the first question : which crypto wallet should you use ? The slickly designed Jaxx Ice Cube , which boasts a hardware component , or Mist , which features direct integration of Dapps , or Coinbase , which boasts a built-in cryptocurrency exchange . The answer , of course , depends on your purpose — are you looking to trade crypto , store it , or use it to interact with the ecosystem ? Each wallet , address , and browser has its own strengths and weaknesses , meaning the real answer is that you probably want several different choices for storing or moving your ether .
This proliferation of options , besides being a barrier to entering the community , also decreases user flexibility when multiple wallets and and browsers are not compatible or effectively integrated . If a particular application relies on your Ethereum address to identify you , it locks you in to using that address in the future . Let 's say you 're signed in to an app through Metamask on your computer , and you want to access the same application with a different account you own on your phone through Status . Right now , that type of simple switch between addresses you already own is impossible , greatly reducing the efficacy of individual actors within the ecosystem .
The problem , as we see it , is one of unification . Would n't it be simple to consolidate these different addresses and wallets under one master ID , and let it do the work ?
Well , yes , and no . Of course , we 're not the only ones to recognize this problem . A number of solutions have come out that combine various wallets , identities , and passwords , but their scope is limited . Firstly , people must rely on individual applications and wallets to integrate themselves into whatever new identity tracking system is introduced . If you keep your money in a wallet that is unsupported , or a specific application does n't allow you to integrate multiple wallets , you 're screwed . Furthermore , these solutions conflate storing money with completing transactions . They may solve some technical aspects of moving between applications and multiple wallets , but they fail to imagine an Ethereum network more advanced than our current universe , and their usefulness will plummet as the ecosystem continues to evolve . As we know ( and discussed in our previous post ) what 's really exciting about Ethereum is everything that 's not money .
Those awesome not money applications , however , ca n't progress in the current system . While you might have a handle on its operation ( * slow clap * ) the high barrier to adoption raises significant problems for any project or application that relies on widespread public adoption , i.e . basically anything cool that can positively impact society . Right now , people are bandying about truly world-changing ideas like global social security and blockchain voting , but it 's no good unless literally billions of people hop on the network ( a technical hurdle we 'll save for later ) .
The issue of unification and integration has also held the community back from developing dapps that track and develop identities over time . We believe this is an essential part of the future of Ethereum , because it will allow the blockchain to expand beyond the world of pure commerce . Large companies and institutions will begin moving processes to the blockchain that can currently just exist IRL , something possible only after the adoption of a verified identity protocol that allows all actors involved to communicate without threat of deception .
One useful project is Ethereum Name Service ( ENS ) , which allows users to create an online address associated with a name of their choice . This solves the problem of remembering difficult addresses , but it does n't actually create an associated identity from which people can use multiple addresses . Without full integration of multiple wallets , ENS does n't offer a bridge to interaction with any real world services ( btw , foundation will be backwards compatible with ENS names ) . Another company , uPort , has opened up interesting conversations about long-term identity tracking and credentialing , but has similar failings when it comes to building platform that prepares Ethereum to integrate with the world beyond the blockchain .
All this together clarifies our need : a solution that allows users to employ their current wallets and identities , but also links them , allowing people to build their online reputation while simultaneously developing a secure platform from which to interact with institutions and processes in the “ real world . ”
Our Vision for Foundation
Foundation does more than just solve these problems . It is a platform not only for integrating multiple wallets and addresses , but also for building a unified online identity , from which it will one day be possible to to carry out all of your sensitive and secure personal transactions . By allowing users to link their identity with valid , verified real world credentials , Foundation will bridge the gap to the world outside the blockchain , and become a port from which to launch our techno ships into the real world .
This can be a difficult concept to wrap your head around . Why would someone need ( or even want ) a verified ID on the blockchain ? Is n't the whole point security and anonymity — after all , it was drug transactions that first put Bitcoin on the map !
It is certainly true that there exist many people and companies interested in taking advantage of Ethereum 's decentralized nature to circumvent laws and enable illegal activity ( see the open sex bazaar , ICOing now ! )
If you 're a libertarian technophile , this is great news :
Most of the rest of the world , though , is probably wondering : how does this affect me ?
Rest assured , it will matter to you eventually , and probably sooner than you might think . Remember , building this sort of long-term , verified identity into the blockchain enables a lot of different really cool projects . Many people specifically focus on credit-building and reputation tracking — enabling non-trusted parties to complete transactions with each other without the need of institutions like banks or the government . But this also has other implications for much more interesting projects , be they silly and fun ( verified dating apps that reduce deception on the part of users ) or important vital and life saving ( i.e . blockchain stored and verified medical records , which we 'll cover next week ) .
A widespread , successful adoption of Foundation , or a similar protocol , opens up the possibility of dramatic changes to virtually all of our major institutions . With a secure , verified online identity , it would be possible to vote from home and without taking time off work , dramatically increasing participation in the democratic process . Immigration and green card applications , notoriously difficult processes that deal with highly sensitive personal information ( that often gets lost ) could be tracked through every step , allowing everyone involved to instantly know how the case is progressing . There are further implications for everything from copyright protection to scientific collaboration to civil rights , all of which rest on having a trusted , verified presence within the blockchain .
We believe that presence is Foundation .
Here 's an error that 's all too easy to stumble on if you are just hacking your way into an API using Django REST Framework
Could not resolve URL for hyperlinked relationship using view name “ model-detail ” . You may have failed to include the related model in your API , or incorrectly configured the ` lookup_field ` attribute on this field
Recreating the error
I 'll assume you have , at least , a basic Django site up and running . Perhaps you are a little impatient ( like me ) and you skim the Django REST Framework 's homepage . You add the following in to settings.py :
REST_FRAMEWORK = { # Use hyperlinked styles by default . # Only used if the ` serializer_class ` attribute is not set on a view . 'DEFAULT_MODEL_SERIALIZER_CLASS ' : 'rest_framework.serializers.HyperlinkedModelSerializer ' , # Use Django 's standard ` django.contrib.auth ` permissions , # or allow read-only access for unauthenticated users . 'DEFAULT_PERMISSION_CLASSES ' : [ 'rest_framework.permissions.DjangoModelPermissionsOrAnonReadOnly ' ] }
And then , somehow , you skip the rest of the tutorial and you end up with something like this :
class Pet ( models.Model ) : name = models.CharField ( max_length=250 ) date_of_birth = models.DateTimeField ( ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self.name # # views.py : from .models import Pet from rest_framework.generics import ( ListCreateAPIView ) class PetAPIListCreateView ( ListCreateAPIView ) : model = Pet # # urls.py : from django.conf.urls import patterns , include , url from .views import PetAPIListCreateView urlpatterns = patterns ( `` , url ( r'^api/ $ ' , PetAPIListCreateView.as_view ( ) ) , )
Make sure you run your migration or sync your db .
Now you should be able to browse your api with the following url :
http : //localhost:8000/pets/api
Things are looking good , job done ? Not so fast……spend a moment inserting a record into the Pet table – create a fixture , write some raw sql , whatever floats your boat . Refresh your api endpoint and you 'll get a glorious error :
“ Could not resolve URL for hyperlinked relationship using view name “ pet-detail ” . You may have failed to include the related model in your API , or incorrectly configured the ` lookup_field ` attribute on this field . ”
How do you dig yourself out of this one ?
Two methods – the first ( possibly simplest ) is to cut the following out of settings.py ( commented out so you do n't skim my post and add it in again ) :
# REST_FRAMEWORK = { # # Use hyperlinked styles by default . # # Only used if the ` serializer_class ` attribute is not set on a view . # 'DEFAULT_MODEL_SERIALIZER_CLASS ' : # 'rest_framework.serializers.HyperlinkedModelSerializer ' , # # # Use Django 's standard ` django.contrib.auth ` permissions , # # or allow read-only access for unauthenticated users . # 'DEFAULT_PERMISSION_CLASSES ' : [ # 'rest_framework.permissions.DjangoModelPermissionsOrAnonReadOnly ' # ] # }
In actual fact , removing just the following two lines will fix it for you :
# 'DEFAULT_MODEL_SERIALIZER_CLASS ' : # 'rest_framework.serializers.HyperlinkedModelSerializer ' ,
The second is to create a serializers.py class like so :
from rest_framework import serializers from .models import Pet class PetSerializer ( serializers.ModelSerializer ) : class Meta : model=Pet fields = ( 'id ' , 'name ' , 'date_of_birth ' )
and update your views.py as follows :
from .models import Pet from .serializers import PetSerializer from rest_framework.generics import ( ListCreateAPIView ) class PetAPIListCreateView ( ListCreateAPIView ) : queryset = Pet.objects.all ( ) serializer_class = PetSerializer
and you will be back in the land of the living .
Why does this happen ?
Well , the key lies in the Default Model Serializer Class – when it is set to HyperlinkedModelSerializer , the rest framework needs a serializer to work with .
Kvetch
The error message here is really , really unhelpful for a not familiar with the Django Rest Framework .
Could not resolve URL for hyperlinked relationship using view name “ pet-detail ”
made me start questioning my sanity – I had neither a detail suffix view defined , nor any sort of relationship with another model – both things I thought would be obvious causes of the error .
The added annoyance of the bug on rearing its head when data is populated also irked me somewhat because as part of my bug exploration , I created a new stripped down project ( as above ) to test the damn thing out . I did n't include any fixtures in my test project , so initially , it looked like it worked and spent a hunk of time back in my original application looking for bugs in “ my ” code rather than default settings of the REST framework itself .
Ultimately the lesson is : RTFM ? Well yes and no . I do think that projects should have an “ at a glance ” page , and I erroneously thought the Django REST Framework 's homepage would be it – you know “ whack this in your app and you 'll have a basic json response going ” type of thing . Of course this is a case where I should have read just a little bit more to save myself a headache .
Aah well , live and learn .
Image copyright AFP Image caption `` End of an era '' : Rodrigo Rato , once hailed as an economic genius , is taken from his office by police for interrogation in April 2015
An initiative launched by a handful of political activists in 2012 is on the verge of striking the biggest blow yet in a fight over allegations of political corruption in Spain .
On Monday , dozens of former members of the board at Spanish bank Bankia goes on trial in Madrid on charges of misappropriation and fraud .
Among them , the activists ' prize catch : former minister and IMF chief Rodrigo Rato , who denies any wrongdoing .
How did we get here ?
It all began at a meeting in Barcelona over four years ago , held to mark the first anniversary of the 15 May 2011 `` indignado '' ( `` indignant '' ) protests against corruption and cronyism .
`` Why do n't we have Rato sent to prison in five years ' time ? '' asked one attendee .
`` So we drew up a rational plan with a reasonable production timeframe towards that goal , '' says Sergio Salgado drily . He is a leading member of the campaign group 15MpaRato , which is directly responsible for Mr Rato going on trial .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Protesters demand justice for `` all the guilty thieves '' in 2014
`` We have nothing personal against him , '' explains Mr Salgado .
`` He is the symbol of the revolving doors culture . He has been a minister , then managing director at the IMF and a banker . And he was a very well-known figure , '' says Simona Levi , another leading figure in 15MpaRato .
Who is Rodrigo Rato ?
Now 67 , Mr Rato was economy minister in the conservative Popular Party ( PP ) governments of Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar from 1996 to 2004 . Mr Rato was often credited with being the `` mastermind '' of Spain 's economic boom , before it turned to bust when a real-estate bubble burst in 2008 .
When the PP lost power in 2004 , Mr Rato became IMF chief , a post he suddenly left in 2007 for `` personal reasons '' . In 2010 he was named chairman of Bankia , a bank formed by the fusion of Caja Madrid with other public savings banks , all struggling to deal with the blowback from years of easy lending to construction projects .
On his watch , Bankia became the bank that symbolised Spain 's financial crisis .
As Spain 's fourth biggest bank , it listed on the stock market in July 2011
Bankia said initially it had made an operating profit in 2011 of €305m ( £265m ; $ 340m )
But then a May 2012 audit demonstrated that it had actually lost €3bn
Mr Rato was forced to resign as Bankia chairman and the bank was nationalised at a cost of €22bn in public money
The shares bought by over 200,000 small investors became worthless overnight
What did the activists do ?
The small team at 15MpaRato started compiling evidence of what they saw as fraudulent information given to people with accounts at Bankia who had been given the chance to buy `` preferential '' shares before the flotation .
They encouraged small investor `` victims '' to come forward , sue Bankia , and help them build a credible narrative with which to persuade public prosecutors to take action .
Bankia eventually agreed to give back €1.5bn to the approximately 200,000 who had bought preferential shares when Spain 's courts accepted a Bank of Spain report that established there had been deception .
Mr Rato 's role in this alleged fraud is still being investigated with no date set for that trial yet .
Rodrigo Rato and the case of the 'black credit cards '
What no-one expected was the case of the `` black credit cards '' - and that is why the former Spanish economy minister goes on trial on Monday .
The evidence arrived in 2013 , when Simona Levi opened a whistle-blowing email .
In the email was a complete list of people accused of using secret credit cards issued to board members and advisers at Caja Madrid and later Bankia , as well as claims about what they had spent their money on .
Image copyright AFP Image caption The 'black credit card ' scandal `` offended people 's innate sense of justice '' , says Mr Salgado
`` At first you read these huge amounts of information that come through that account and you do n't take it too seriously . But then we began to think 'wow , this is a real treasure ' , '' Ms Levi recalls .
The list was a who 's who of Spanish political life , including representatives of political parties from the left and right , unions , a secretary to Spain 's royal family and the bank 's top management , including Mr Rato . And the 15MpaRato activists shared it with Spanish media .
The total sum spent between 1999 and 2012 amounted to €15.5m - money supposedly meant to cover the costs of attending board meetings , but often allegedly used for personal items or simply taken out of cash machines .
`` The amount was not the thing . It offended people 's innate sense of justice . We all go to cash machines ; you might have some money in there , sometimes not enough . But these people always had what they wanted , '' says Mr Salgado .
What is Mr Rato 's prospects ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The 'black credit card ' case has enraged former shareholders in Bankia
Mr Rato faces a possible jail sentence of up to 10 years if found guilty of running and expanding the secret credit card system , and may be put on trial in at least three other cases .
Prison would complete the downfall of a man once considered a probable prime minister of Spain but who in 2014 felt forced to give up his PP membership card .
In 2015 it emerged that he was being investigated for tax fraud after taking advantage of a fiscal amnesty three years earlier , repatriating money he had been keeping abroad . This investigation caused him to be briefly arrested in April 2015 .
He denies any wrongdoing .
Rodrigo Rato 's fall from grace
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When he was arrested in 2015 , El Mundo newspaper wrote of `` a point of no return , in which we leave behind an era ''
2004 : Mr Rato leaves Spain 's economy ministry to head IMF
2007 : He returns to Spain after three years in Washington , citing unexplained personal reasons . An internal IMF report in 2011 criticised the organisation under Rato 's leadership , saying it `` failed to anticipate the crisis , its speed and magnitude ''
2010-12 : During his 18-month stint at Bankia , Spain sees the unravelling of the biggest banking disaster in its history , prompting an EU bailout of Spain 's financial sector
July 2012 : Mr Rato is called to court to explain Bankia management , following complaints from 15MpaRato and political party UPyD
2013 : His name crops up in the `` black credit card '' affair
2014 : Mr Rato resigns from Popular Party
2015 : Arrested for seven hours during police search of home and office .
2016 : Panama Papers leak reveals Mr Rato as a client of Mossack Fonseca , which helped him to wind up two offshore companies worth €3.6m
Cpl . Rick Schmeltzer said the towing company also targeted vehicles the year before during Gay Days activities . During weekends with events other than Gay Days the company completed a “ minuscule amount of tows , ” he said .
Schmeltzer also said the towing company had “ spotters ” to look for people who left the center so their vehicles so they could be towed .
“ With many of these people , their cars were towed within 5 , 10 15 minutes [ of parking ] , ” he said . “ This was total predator towing . There 's really no other word for it . ”
The tow truck would hide around the corner and when a spotter saw someone walk across the street to the hotel , the spotters would call the truck and the vehicle would be towed , the complaint says .
Those whose cars were tpwed would have to take a cab ride to the towing company and were charged $ 165 cash to get their car , including a $ 40 “ gate fee , ” which is n't permitted under Florida law , the complaint says .
International Drive is a transient area , said Schmeltzer , and many patrons park in one place and walk to a different location .
According to the complaint , ASAP had a contract with Westwood , but that it expired in May . The contract was not renewed until mid-June , after the Gay Days event . In an email between Combs and the owner , Combs asked to back date the contract so the Gay Days event would be included and avoid “ any technicalities , ” the complaint says .
“ This is further evidence that Jason Combs knew he had no contract in place and was not authorized to tow vehicles from Westwood Town Center , ” the complaint said .
Top Customer Reviews
Customer reviews are independent and do not represent the views of Zavvi .
Skyfall Daniel Craig continues the excellent work he 's put in as Bond since his Casino Royal premier . Here he 's a damaged Bond dealing with the aftermath of the previous films . The script makes numerous nods and references to the other Bond films for fans of the franchise to pick up on . Ben Whishaw makes an excellent Q and Fiennes ' character provides an interesting ambiguity whilst Bardem plays another particularly creepy villain . In some ways , however , Skyfall is Dench 's film with her flawed M fighting bureaucrats and a shakey past . Skyfall seems longer than the other Craig Bond films and involves some intriguing thoughfulness and emotion amidst the special effects and stunt laden mayhem . Good fun and worth it . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
Who is 007 All my life i ' v been seeing 007 and i still love these films and wating on the next one , and Skyfall does not disappoint me and on blu-ray with good sorrund sound it is like to be there . This movie is good action and a good movie too , so are you a James Bond fan , you MUST buy this to your collection , you get action , humour , sadness , excitement , thrill . All i can say , is do n't miss it . ; - ) Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
skyfall This is up there with the best Bond movies , if you 're a bond fan then you should enjoy this with lots of action and a pretty good story line . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
skyfall bluray great film . best of the series.Daniel Craig just gets better . Whole family enjoyed this Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
Great bond movie . I 've never really been a fan of James Bond movies and in particular Daniel Craig as James Bond . However , this movie is great and one of the best in the series . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
007 Heaven Bond is back in his best adventure in some time . All boxes are ticked - Exciting set pieces Amazing locations Bond girls Menacing villain It also has a great story ( something missing from previous bonds over the past 20 years , aside from Casino Royal ) Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
great movie not much to be said about Skyfall - great movie and also good to have the digital copy included ... also got it at a great price . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
Skyfall Skyfall is an excellent action film in the true Bond tradition , if only they had n't killed off 'M ' . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
great film at a great price I saw Skyfall in the cinema and loved it . So when I saw the Blu-ray version and DVD for this price it was a 'no brainer ' . The product arrived in just 2 days as well ... excellent . Was this helpful ? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ) Report this review
By Paul Glass *
Following the surprise announcement by John Key that he is stepping down as Prime Minister , the National Party will appoint a new leader [ Bill English ] to fight the 2017 election . After enjoying many years of stable government under the able leadership of Helen Clark and then John Key , the political scene in New Zealand is likely to become more uncertain .
While there are few short term investment implications , the new leader will need to set out clear long term policies on growth , immigration and infrastructure .
One of the big issues that needs to be debated is what type of economic growth we want in New Zealand .
New Zealand is in a unique position globally in that we have a small population , a naturally stunning country and the opportunity to shape it how we 'd like .
Much of the rest of the world faces very significant challenges including extreme poverty , high youth unemployment , pollution , terrorism , religious conflict , flat real wages ( middle income earners in the US and UK have had flat real wages for three decades now ) , increasing inequality and limited or no access to things that we take for granted like clean water , beaches , parks and low cost but good quality health and education services .
While we definitely have some of these issues developing in New Zealand we 're still at an early stage compared with many other nations .
Many of the world 's challenges have been caused by the explosive , almost virus like , growth of the human population . Just over 200 years ago , which is the blink of an eye in evolutionary terms , there were fewer than 1 billion people on the earth . Today there are 7.4 billion and the United Nations estimates there will be over 11 billion by the year 2100 .
Anyone travelling the world today can testify to the sheer volume of humanity which is changing the way we live and its effect on our planet . The increasing mass of humanity , combined with the falling cost of travel , is changing cultures at a basic level . It is also overwhelming many tourist attractions with access now being controlled or restricted .
From a New Zealand perspective , a low population is one of the factors that make us special and an attractive place to live and raise a family . However , New Zealand currently has one of the highest rates of immigration growth in the Western world and about three times that of the United States relative to the size of our population . Just to put this into context , in New Zealand our net immigration rate is running at 70,000p.a . against a population of 4.6m ( 1.5 % ) , whereas in the UK it is 330,000p.a . against a population of 64m ( 0.5 % ) . And yet in the United Kingdom the immigration rate was such an issue that it was a major factor behind the Brexit vote .
There is no doubt that this rapid rate is putting huge pressure on our infrastructure , particularly in Auckland , which is struggling to keep up with demands for more housing , transport , education , parks and healthcare .
We have no real strategy in place for dealing with this rate of growth or spreading it to where it is needed in the regions .
The new Auckland Unitary Plan is a glaring example of our lack of long term planning – many more houses will be built but without any real policies for the infrastructure needed to support them . It is a blueprint for a poorly designed city that will ultimately resemble Los Angles . In the not too distant future Auckland will be one large subdivision from Orewa in the North to the Bombay Hills in the South connected only by the parking lot we call State Highway One . Once farm land is torn up for housing , its natural beauty and productivity are lost to us forever .
So why are we wedded to this breakneck rate of immigration growth ?
Politicians are addicted to it because it lifts the most commonly used measure of headline GDP growth . However , this headline figure does n't adjust for population growth and so simply gets boosted by immigration flows .
What we should really be interested in is how are we doing on a per capita ( per head of population ) basis and there the numbers are n't anywhere as flash at the headline figures . For example in the year ended 31 March 2016 headline real GDP growth was a very impressive 3.1 % , while at a per capita level it was a meagre 0.5 % . If you think of GDP growth as a cake , then the basic measure just tells us what size the overall cake is . The per capita measure tells us how much cake we each get .
One of the arguments used in favour of strong immigration is the skills shortages we have in some sectors . We think this is a relatively weak argument . Let 's look at sectors like tourism and IT where we currently have issues around skill shortages . These sectors had the same issues over a decade ago and rather than letting the market send the right signals to Universities , training institutes and companies that we need to train more people with skills ( by pushing wages in those sectors up materially ) we have simply brought in more low cost labour . This helps company profitability in the short term but does little to help real wages grow , which is important for our economy in the long term . We also have around 130,000 unemployed people , which seems like an incredible economic and human waste when we are importing , often low wage , migrants to fill shortages .
One idea that has been floated , is that New Zealand should target a desired rate of population , deduct our natural growth rate and make up the shortfall with targeted immigration . That way we can plan for the necessary infrastructure and housing required rather than trying to play catch up .
Targeted immigration can be good for an economy . It can bring in new ideas , cultures and increased entrepreneurship . However as a nation we need to have a clear plan as to what rate of immigration we want and ultimately what we want our economy to look like . Do we want to be a higher wage economy with strong clean and green credentials , much like a Switzerland of the South Pacific or do we have some other aspiration ?
The problem with having no plan is that you 're not sure where you 're trying to go and wo n't recognise it when you get there . Just growing our population so we look like the rest of the world seems like a really dumb plan .
In a troubled and unstable world New Zealand has something increasingly special to offer and New Zealand citizenship should command a premium .
* Paul Glass is the Executive Chairman and Principal of Devon Funds Management . This article is used with permission .
“ All bets are off , the whole thing 's up in the air. ” So said Ukip leader Nigel Farage last November after his party won its second by-election in successive months .
In the warm glow of the two triumphs , which elected Ukip 's first two MPs to the Westminster parliament , party officials talked about claiming 20 seats , potentially leaving them as king-makers in the expected coalition negotiations .
With David Cameron having promised an ‘ in/out ' referendum if he remained as prime minister , Ukip votes could guarantee a referendum .
Moreover , a string of by-elections in which Ukip finished a close second in seats once so safe that the Labour vote was weighed rather than counted , suggested that Ukip was tapping into discontented Labour , as well as Conservative voters .
Six months on and the optimism has faded .
Britons go to the polls on Thursday ( 7 May ) and Nigel Farage 's party has quietly conceded that it only has a chance of success in about half a dozen seats .
If Cameron is able to make good on his referendum pledge it will be because he persuaded the usually pro-European Liberal Democrats , and probably others , to trade it for ministerial jobs .
The three seats it is likely to win include Clacton and Rochester , the two constituencies it claimed by-election victories last autumn , while Farage 's target seat of South Thanet has become a 50-50 battle with the Conservatives . All three constituencies are coastal towns in the South-East - Ukip 's traditional heartlands .
So why the failure to launch ?
Even in an election campaign where the prime minister is promising to hold an ‘ in/out ' referendum if his party is elected , EU membership has not been one of the major issues in the campaign . Despite the average Briton 's reputation for casual euroscepticsm , it never is .
What threatened to make this election different - and which Ukip was banking on - was that immigration , from eastern Europe in particular , would convince voters of the iniquity of EU membership .
While immigration has been among the most frequently raised subject on the doorstep , both Labour and the Conservatives unveiled plans to restrict EU migration and migrants ' access to welfare benefits in a bid to head off Ukip .
The 2015 campaign has been strange on many fronts . Not least in the sense that , with the exception of Scotland , the opinion poll numbers have barely moved .
Neither has Farage been on good campaigning form . His main contribution to the set-piece televised debates was to suggest that most patients diagnosed with HIV in Britain each year were foreigners taking advantage of the UK 's free health service , hardly a way to appeal to undecided voters .
Meanwhile , the emergence of the Scottish National party , and its leader Nicola Sturgeon as the new media darling in UK politics , has sidelined Farage , on whose success Ukip is heavily reliant . The SNP is almost certain to provide the big story of Thursday night , sweeping 50 , or possibly more , of the Scottish constituencies .
Ukip was always going to find it hard to get a foothold in Westminster . The party 's membership has increased from 30,000 to over 41,000 in eighteen months but its presence in local government remains limited .
When it comes to national elections , with 650 local races , the ‘ ground war ' of local campaigning is at least as important as the battle for the airwaves , and Ukip 's is simply not at the same level of effectiveness as its rivals .
In comparison , although the Liberal Democrats may be floundering in national opinion polls - most surveys put them on less than 10 percent - excellent local organisation , despite being depleted by four years of dismal results in municipal elections , will probably enable them to hold onto 30 of the seats they claimed in 2010 .
Ukip also look set to be unlucky with parliamentary arithmetic . Their leverage is dependent on a Conservative showing strong enough to be within striking distance of a majority , not the 270-285 seats most polls forecast .
Farage has promised to resign the Ukip leadership “ within ten minutes ” if he fails to be elected on Thursday night . This threat not come as a huge surprise . Farage has periodically bemoaned the strains on his health and personal finances of being Ukip leader .
Amid their success in by-elections and last year 's European elections , it is easy to forget that Ukip has never come close to winning a seat in a general election . By the standard of previous elections , three seats and 13 percent of the vote would still be a breakthrough , albeit one that falls short of expectations .
In an election where the result is so uncertain , it is also still possible that a handful of Ukip MPs could end up wielding decisive power in the next , fragmented , Parliament .
But on a night where all party leaders bar the SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon have reasons to fear for their job security , it would still be a turnaround , not to mention a demonstration of the fickleness nature of politics , if Farage was to be the first significant casualty .
The BJP scored a massive win in Rajouri bypoll in west Delhi on Thursday defeating its nearest rival Congress by over 14,000 votes .
The bypoll , which is being seen as a precursor to the MCD polls scheduled for April 23 , came as a blow for AAP which could only get around 10,000 votes securing a distant third position . BJP 's winning candidate Majinder Singh Sirsa said the results showed that people had rejected AAP . “ This is the end of AAP-led government in Delhi , ” Sirsa said .
Rajouri bypoll ; Celebrations begin outside counting station as BJP 's Sirsa looks invincible with around 8000 votes lead @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic.twitter.com/uZoMnRDDt3 — Abhinav Rajput ( @ Abhinavrt ) April 13 , 2017
AAP , however , denied that the result could have an impact on the MCD polls . “ AAP loss in Rajouri bypoll wo n't impact MCD elections . Performance of our govt will ensure AAP 's victory in civic polls , ” Manish Sisodia said on Thursday . He added that the party had lost the bypoll as people were unhappy with Jarnail Singh 's decision to go to Punjab and contest election .
The seat was held by AAP 's Jarnail Singh , who resigned to fight elections in Punjab . The party had swept Delhi with 67 out of 70 seats in the assembly elections in 2012 and is attempting to wrest all three municipal councils in the Capital from the BJP .
As per the final tally , BJP got 40,602 votes . Congress , which came in second secured 25,950 while AAP could get only 10,243 votes .
As the 13-phase counting opened early on Thursday , BJP consistently maintained lead . The nearly 3,000 vote lead widened after 10 rounds landing the party a 14,000 vote margin .
With victory looking certain after the fourteenth round , BJP supporters outside the counting venue started chanting ‘ Modi-Yogi ' and broke into celebration . Delhi BJP vice-president Rajiv Babbar said that the results should be a lesson for Arvind Kejriwal .
First Published : Apr 13 , 2017 11:55 IST
I 've been watching Kickstarter again lately , as my old “ investments ” have started delivering and people who interest me are unveiling new projects for their fans to peruse and fund . Kickstarter has always been a topic of never-ending fascination to me for a variety of reasons but , right now , I find it most interesting because it seems to offer high-quality data about what it takes to make a living as an artist…which , turns out , is n't a lot .
That 's right . While looking at celebrity creatives who sell millions of whatever they make can seem intimidating and unobtainable , Kickstarter is proving that an obtainable few hundred people can provide an artist with a living wage .
A little background : In 2008 , Wired 's Kevin Kelly wrote about the 1,000 True Fans concept , saying that if you could garner 1,000 fans who were willing to spend a day 's wages ( averaged at USD $ 100 for simplicity 's sake ) , you could gross USD $ 100,000/year . The post made the rounds and , before long , nay-saying creatives mounted a case against the 1,000 True Fans theory . It would be another year before Kickstarter launched…I wonder what the reaction would have been like had the platform been around then .
Regardless of critique , Kelly 's theory was grounded on a solid economic theory which companies like Yahoo , Amazon , and Google were taking advantage of at the time–the long tail , a term from statistics popularly used to describe a market distribution where demand is not concentrated in a few dominant products . In practice , a long-tail market means a retailer 's path to maximum profit is selling a little of a lot of products . Kelly rightly recognized that many one person businesses would fall under long-tail economics…this is certainly true of art , which is very individual . Even smash-hit artists with platinum ( million-selling ) albums have only done business with 0.72 % of the working U.S. population , or 0.32 % of the total U.S. population . That even titans of the creative industry have such a limited ( in context ) impact should actually give the smaller artists hope , since it means there is plenty of unfulfilled demand in the long tail of art .
Fast-forward to 2013 , a time where Kickstarter has grown into a vibrant marketplace renowned for funding ideas big and small , and for being the de-facto first stop for small , independent creatives seeking to fund their projects . This possibly makes Kickstarter into one of the biggest long-tail laboratories on the web today ! And the good news is that things are looking good for the little guy .
I feel like a lot of noise has been made about some of the big numbers people have been racking up on Kickstarter , but I have not seen much noise made about how many people those numbers came from , which can be surprisingly ( and pleasingly ) low . The first time I noticed this was on Daniel B . Young 's skateboard Kickstarter in March 2012 , which raised a solid USD $ 43,217 . By this time , numbers like these were not unusual on Kickstarter…what caught my attention was how many people it took to get that much money : 291 .
I 'm going to let that sink in for a second : Two hundred and ninety one people raised forty-three thousand , two-hundred and seventeen American dollars .
To put that into perspective , consider that the median personal income in the United States was USD $ 30,221 in 2011 . Less than three hundred people were able to raise enough money to give one person almost a year-and-a-half 's worth of income at the median rate .
I want to be clear , I understand it 's not that simple . Daniel was fundraising for a laser engraver , which is n't cheap , so he would n't be able to live off the money from the Kickstarter . Also , Daniel received an average of USD $ 148.51 per person , a price consistent with the premium skateboards he makes , but a number most Kickstarters would n't be able to hit . But , nonetheless , it 's impressive that raising this much money from so few people was possible at all .
But , as Kickstarter matures , I keep seeing similar numbers and ratios . The latest Kickstarter where I 've noticed the power of small groups is the Cloud Factory 's Kickstarter , which goes to fund a new long-form webcomic from the oh-so-talented Alexandra “ Lexxy ” Douglass . Within two hours of launching her Kickstarter , Lexxy had already hit her goal of USD $ 7,500 , which she planned on using to pay rewards , and give herself some financial breathing room to devote more of her time to Cloud Factory . By the time I saw her Kickstarter campaign a few hours later , that number had ballooned to about USD $ 20,437–about $ 5,000 shy of the median yearly income for single women in 2011 . As of this writing , Lexxy has raised USD $ 38,981 ( about $ 3,000 more than the male median yearly income in the U.S. in 2011 ) from 724 backers…and she will undoubtedly get more .
What struck me is that only 355 people had donated at that point , at an average rate of USD $ 57.57 . Even now , at 724 , the average donation rate is at USD $ 53.84 . These numbers are very special to me precisely because they are not very special at all ! People spend $ 50-60 on things all the time , from videogames to fancy dinners to clothes . Also , 355 people is not an insurmountable amount of people . If you consider that the average Facebook user has about 190 friends , it means the average indie artist is already halfway to knowing enough people to make a living on their own , without even considering the artist 's extended friends-of-friends word-of-mouth network…though , if my experience serves for anything , I 'd venture to guess the average artist that is about ready to Kickstart a project has many more followers than that .
And that 's just the potential to make ends meet as a creative , let alone do well for yourself . Aaron Diaz ' “ The Tomorrow Girl ” Kickstarter pulled in over half a million dollars from 7,565 backers , at an average rate of USD $ 70.72 per backer…probably enough to let him do pretty much whatever he wants ( creatively speaking ) for the next five years which , I would presume , probably includes making more money . 7,500 backers may seem intimidating , it 's most definitely achievable through the democratized mass-media platforms ( Twitter , Tumblr , Facebook , et al ) available to creatives on the internet , and $ 70 per backer is on the high end , but not really unusual in day-to-day life for the average American . In other words , yes , you can make a living–a killing , even–as an independent artist and , no , it does not take millions of sales or fans or followers to do it . The data from real Kickstarters says so .
I hope this post opens the eyes of creative people everywhere to the opportunities available to them in the long tail . America and the world are still recovering from the effects of a hit-driven culture , which thinks only multi-million-selling mega-hits are worth the time of day . This mode of thinking comes from the broadcast/agency era , which built its business around hits , and being niche was not considered a desirable trait . I believe this still discourages artists , who simply could n't ( and may still not ) see the in-between area that Kickstarter is only now starting to reveal . Today , the internet , social media , and Kickstarter make niche okay…maybe even preferable . Sure , you may not make millions upon millions of dollars , but you 'll enjoy a devoted fan-base you can actually interact with , and being able to make a couple years ' living in a month 's time from a few hundred people is probably life-altering enough for most people . So , I hope you 'll go forth and create , knowing that all it takes is a few hundred fans and one successful Kickstarter campaign to follow your passion full-time .
I 'm happy to discuss these ideas more in the comments , or on Twitter , Google+ , and any social media outlet you prefer in the “ Contact Me ” section .
Donald Kachamba , born in Blantyre , in 1953 , is considered one of the outstanding musician-composers of the middle generation in south-eastern Africa . Born in a musical family he has contributed enormously to the development of the kwela ( flute-jive ) tradition . Kwela a verb meaning `` to climb up '' , `` to rise '' , `` mount '' in several southern African Bantu languages became a code-word for a jazzrelated form of music which emerged in southern Africa during the 1950s . Kwela was inspired by contemporary American jazz forms of the Swing period in Jazz history . It soon assimilated , however , african musical forms of various southern African regions , such as sinjonjo , vula matambo , saba saba , resulting in a novel and original blend of musical traits .
Special techniques were developed on musical instruments , for example an unusual oblique embouchure for playing the metal recorder-type flute which marks the kwela-sound . This flute , although industrially manufactured at the time by firms such as the Hohner Company , Trossingen ( Germany ) , was adapted by kwela musicians to perform the current southern African dance music . Specific construction , tension and playing techniques also characterize the one-string bass which displays remote historical connections with the african ground-bow , although it was inspired by the bass in the 1950s skiffle groups . Guitar playing techniques also deviate considerably from standard `` classical '' guitar playing , even in the number of strings . A five-string tuning is used in Donald Kachamba 's group , in which the lowest string alludes to the fundamentals of a musical bow . Instead of the flute , an E-flat clarinet is used in many of Donald Kachamba 's compositions .
Donald Kachamba was the last representative of the kwela tradition in southern Africa today . Since 1972 , he has been on extensive , sometimes world-wide tours almost every year , covering 33 countries in Africa , Europe and the Americas . In May 1988 he was touring Finland on invitation by the Institute for Workers ‘ Music , Helsinki , in May 1989 he performed at the Ethnographic Museum of the University of Zürich . In 1991 the band toured Belgium and Germany . From this tour resulted the CD `` Concert Kwela -- Donald Kachamba et son ensemble '' LDX 274972 CM 212 , Le Chant du Monde 1994 . In 1994 Donald Kachamba was invited to the colloquiwn `` Music and Anthropology '' in Lisbon 28 September to 3 October to present one of his films . Thereafter he gave lecture performances in Berlin , Frankfurt and Salzburg . The most recent European tour was in January 1995 to Holland , Belgium and France ( on invitation by Radio France , Paris ) .
Donald Kachamba died on Friday the 12th January 2001 .
Catholic World News
Canadian bishops : no change in policy on Communion for divorced/remarried
September 15 , 2016
The Catholic bishops of Alberta and the Northwest Territories in Canada have issued new guidelines for priests regarding the pastoral care of divorced and remarried Catholics , saying that those who wish to receive Communion should resolve to live as brothers and sisters .
Acknowledging confusion among Catholics about the possibility of a change in Church teaching , the Canadian bishops ' statement reads :
It may happen that , through media , friends , or family , couples have been led to understand that there has been a change in practice by the Church , such that now the reception of Holy Communion at Mass by persons who are divorced and civilly remarried is possible if they simply have a conversation with a priest . This view is erroneous .
In such cases , the bishops teach , pastors should accompany the couples in `` a journey of healing and reconciliation , '' which would lead them to consult marriage tribunals . Citing the teaching of St. John Paul II in Familiaris Consortio , the bishops write that if a couple involved in an illicit second marriage is unwilling to spearate because of the children of that union , `` they will need to refrain from sexual intimacy and live in chastity 'as brother and sister . ' ''
For all current news , visit our News home page .
Satoshi Fund : Investments in Blockchain Projects During 2016 Yields Over 500 % Returns
This is a paid press release , which contains forward looking statements , and should be treated as advertising or promotional material . Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service . Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content , accuracy or quality within the press release . Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services . Bitcoin.com is not responsible , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content , goods or services mentioned in the press release .
Bitcoin Press Release : Satoshi Fund 's report on Blockchain investments indicates an impressive growth , yielding returns of over 500 % in 2016 .
February 23 , 2017 – The first blockchain traded fund , Satoshi Fund presents a strong argument on why one should invest in blockchain assets . The blockchain asset management platform has analyzed the investments made in blockchain projects to conclude that they were profitable by at least 500 % . These returns are from smart medium-term blockchain investments ( including crowdinvesting projects ) alone and do n't include daily trading speculations .
The year 2016 has turned out excellent for the blockchain industry . The sector has received massive investments from a range of different sources including venture capital funds , banking institutions , and lots of crowd investment campaigns ( ICOs and token sales ) . The investment mechanism and risk appetite are not the same for individual investors taking part in ICOs and institutional investors like VC firms and banks . With so many investment opportunities out there , it is essential for individual investors to differentiate between good and bad investment decisions .
In order to prevent the investors from making bad decisions , Satoshi Fund has created Satoshi Pie – a transparent , auditable , and tradable blockchain-based fund that invests in blockchains . Satoshi Pie is a handy tool for those who are new to the blockchain world . It helps them distinguish the scams that promise otherworldly returns from the real future unicorns .
Investment process in Satoshi Pie is managed entirely on the blockchain , which also includes the maintenance of up-to-date records . The system implemented by Satoshi Pie makes it easier for the participants to verify the proof of investments at any point in time . Currently , Satoshi Pie manages over 1400 BTCs or up to $ 1.3 million in funds , most of which is stored in 2 of 3 multi-signature wallets .
Satoshi Pie has a diverse portfolio which extends beyond Bitcoin . It is currently handling over 23 different cryptocurrencies of which few like MaidSafe , Monero , Factom , Golem , Steem , and Byteball yielded 100 % return on investments in 2016 . Monero held the distinction of being the most profitable token in Satoshi Pie 's portfolio , generating a 229 % profit in USD . Similarly , in spite of various challenges , Ethereum managed to offer an 11 % return in the previous year . During the same timeframe , Satoshi Steem turned out to be the most unprofitable investment .
Satoshi Pie allows investors to participate in multiple blockchain projects by using a single token . Satoshi Pie 's investment token – SPIES can be bought on the OpenLedger platform . The Bitshares powered SPIES is backed by Satoshi Pie 's fund portfolio .
Satoshi Pie 's Investment Strategy
Satoshi Pie offers a detailed explanation of its investment strategy in the whitepaper . The platform 's strategy revolves around five principles .
An exponential growth of information technology following Moore 's Law . Ultimate efficiency of decentralized consensus and blockchain technologies for economic interactions . An exponential growth of Bitcoin and blockchain economy following Network Effects and Metcalfe 's Law . Inevitable gradual reduction in Bitcoin 's share in blockchain economy due to similarities in the evolution process of existing economic systems . Uneven growth of autonomous systems as per the Diffusion of Innovations theory extended with Gartner 's Hype Cycle Model .
Satoshi Pie 's investments are focused towards the public , fully auditable blockchains following preliminary fund management evaluation . The platform 's interests lie in infrastructure solutions for the “ economy of the future ” like ; decentralized computation , data storage and communications , decentralized exchanges , investment solutions , prediction markets , pegged asset protocols , cross chain gross settlement systems , identity protocols , DAO , smart contract frameworks , reputation systems and social networks .
About Satoshi Pie
Established in early 2016 , Satoshi Pie is a side project of cyber.Fund – a blockchain investment tracking and rating system . Cyber.Fund is also behind the Golos , a Russian decentralized content platform . Golos was launched in late 2016 following a successful crowd sale that attracted about 600 BTCs ( nearly $ 500,000 at the time of crowdsale ) from the Post-Soviet states .
Learn more about Satoshi Fund at – https : //satoshi.fund/
More info about cyber.Fund is available at – https : //cyber.fund
Access Satoshi Pie whitepaper at – https : //goo.gl/iLyhqO
How to invest in Satoshi Pie guide – https : //steemit.com/blockchains/ @ hipster/how-to-invest-in-satoshipie
Discover Satoshi Pie portfolio – https : //cyber.fund/ @ satoshi_pie
Media Contact
Contact Name : Konstantin Lomashuk
Contact Email : press @ satoshi.fund
Location : Russia
Urgent action needed to save Ali Feruz
As if waiting for summer , when most people are thinking of resting from their daily drudgery of work , this week has seen a wave of attacks on trade unions across the region .
News has today come from Belarus of a major attack on the Independent Union of the Radio-electronics Industry and Confederation of Independent Trade Unions of the Republic . Police broke into their office , conducted a search and removed all the computers and memory devices , while taking Gennadii Fedynich – President of the IURI and Alexander Yaroshyuk – Head of the CITUB , along with others in for questioning .
Allegedly the Trade Unions have failed to pay taxes , but all activists understand that this is because the trade unions placed themselves at the head to the huge protests earlier this year against the “ Tax on Parasites ( unemployed ) ” ( see http : //socialistworld.net/index.php/international/europe/70-russia/7921-russia-belarus-a-week-end-of-mass-protests ) .
Kazakhstan
In authoritarian Kazakhstan , the latest round of attacks on trade unions has come to a head . In a year in which over 400 trade union organisations have been shut down by the regime , this week the court in Shimkent , South Kazakhstan sentenced Larisa Kharkova – Head of the Confederation of Independent Trade Unions of Kazakhstan – to a four year suspended sentence , a confiscation of personal property ( including her flat ) , a five year ban on trade union activities and , most humiliatingly , 100 hours of public work a year . Her crime – according to the prosecutor - the misuse of powers , but in reality this was pay-back because of her public support for the hunger strike by over 700 oil-workers in Mangystau in January .
Larisa Kharkova has demonstrated remarkable courage in standing up to the regime . As it is , the Deputy President of the CITUK – Nurbek Kushakbaev - was in April sentenced to 2.5 years in prison and in May , the head of the oil-workers ' protest – Amina Yeleusinova - was sentenced to two years . Protests should be made via Kazakhstan embassies .
Russia
The most brutal attack occurred last night ( 2 August ) in Moscow . Ali Feruz – whose real name is Khudoverdi Nurmatov – was sentenced by a night time court to be deported to Uzbekistan . Although he has ten days to appeal , he has to spend this time in a new prison for foreigners in Moscow – rapidly gaining notoriety as the Russian Guantanamo .
Although born in Uzbekistan , Ali grew up in Russia , his parents and siblings are all Russian citizens . He went to study in Uzbekistan and while there reported on the authoritarian nature of the then Karimov regime . He was arrested , badly tortured and pressured into becoming an agent for the country 's security services , which he refused . He fled back to Russia , then for a period had to devote himself to rehabilitation after his torture . He applied for asylum but was turned down .
Since he has returned to Russia Ali has worked as a journalist on the opposition paper “ Novaya Gazeta ” . In that role , apart from being openly gay , he has fought against any attacks on human and democratic rights , has helped to expose how conscript soldiers are bullied and how the army covers up the deaths of contract soldiers . His main journalistic work has been to expose how badly migrant workers are treated and how national groups are discriminated against . He has worked closely with members of Socialist Alternative in establishing the Independent Trade Union of Journalists , which also played a major role in exposing the brutal attacks on the LGBT community in Chechnya .
As he was walking down the street outside the office of “ Novaya Gazeta ” in Central Moscow yesterday he was stopped by police for a document check – clearly pre-planned – detained and taken to a specially convened court sitting in the evening . He was charged with being in Russia illegally .
Members of Socialist Alternative ( CWI Russia ) , despite threats and intimidation , immediately established a “ one-person picket ” outside the court . This is the only form of protest still legal without official permission in Russia . Even then the police tried to stop it as they claimed a placard that was handed from one person to another showed it was an organised group !
Only state approved journalists were allowed into the court itself . When the decision to deport Ali back to Uzbekistan was announced at one-o'clock in the morning , he was so desperate he tried to cut his veins with a pen . Fortunately , his lawyer stopped him .
Hundreds and thousands arrested
The significance of this case is demonstrated by two facts . Firstly , Ali 's hearing coincided with that for a group of armed bandits taking place on the other side of Moscow . They staged an escape which ended up in a gun battle and four dead . The police had only sent four police vans to that trial but eight to Ali 's . But more importantly , over two thousand people have been arrested in Moscow and St Petersburg for political activities this year , at least three hundred have spent two weeks in police cells . But there has been no organised protest , mainly because none of those arrested have had organised support – this has allowed the regime to think they can get away with their authoritarian methods .
But in Ali , there is a person who has been a conscious opponent of the regime , an active and respected journalist who has worked closely with members of Socialist Alternative to establish the Independent Journalists trade union and who , despite threats and torture , has not compromised with the regime .
Friends and Socialist Alternative activists were still outside the court at one o'clock last night and today , 3rd August , dozens , if not hundreds , are expected to turn up at further protests .
Socialist Alternative ( Russia ) calls on all left activists , trade unionists , journalists and LGBT activists to support Ali :
• Send immediate protests demanding Ali 's release to the Russian embassies in your country and where possible organise pickets ;
• Contact Media and other Trade Unions asking them to take up the issue through embassies and their own international bodies ;
• Send press releases to the media in your own country highlighting Ali 's case and stressing the role of the Independent Journalists union , Novaya Gazeta and Ali himself in exposing the brutal treatment of LGBT in Chechnya and other attacks on human rights in Russia and Uzbekistan ;
• Send messages of support to Ali at This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
The Independent Trade Union of Journalists , Russian Amnesty International and Novaya Gazeta are all supporting Ali .
Please sign the online-petition ( which can also be used as a basis for protest letters ) which is in Russian , English , German and Spanish at address https : //www.change.org/p/the-head-of-the-of-the-migration-department-of-mia-of-russia-kirillova-olga-evgenievna-stop-the-deportation-of-journalist-ali-feruz-save-him-from-imprisonment-and-torture
Please send information about any actions to This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
Island nations criticise European counterparts
The CSCTNOETA ( Council of Small Countries That No One Ever Talks About ) has sharply criticised European leaders for their ‘ constant moaning about money ' , claiming smaller nations have far greater issues including threats from global warming .
After discussions at a recent meeting , Sir Anerood Jugnauth , the President of Mauritius reminded attendees that more needed to be done to get the attention of richer , more polluting countries .
We 've got to get the word out ! These bloody morons in Europe should stop whining about credit . “ Help , help , the IMF wo n't lend us more money ” … They think they 've got problems ? ! We 're bloody sinking here !
Mauritius has been slowly losing friends in the area after declaring that ‘ the next bloody Madagascan boat that passes here and floods another beach gets blown out of the bloody water . I do n't care if it 's the bloody QE2 . '
World leaders have been trying to figure out how to reduce greenhouse emissions following on from plans George Bush set in motion in 2002 . In a famous speech before world leaders he said he wanted to see ‘ a new iceberg grown every year ' and that ‘ if we melt all the icebergs now , there wo n't be no icebergs left in the future ' .
In the meantime , the Mauritian government are considering all options in the face of rising sea levels . Several nations have offered land for the Mauritians to relocate to .
We had Iran say they 'd be happy for us to move there . What , are they bloody crazy or something ? ! No chance . We might be in trouble but we 're not that bloody desperate .
To highlight the problems the country faces they are trying a few new tactics . Mauritian Cabinet meetings now take place underwater and the government has invested $ 2m in a new advertising campaign — “ Visit Mauritius , whilst you still can ” .
Most in the scientific community estimate that Mauritius will be completely submerged by next Thursday .
Image source : http : //www.flickr.com/photos/photosofsrilanka/2330150711
I 'm having the same issue . Here is what I did to no help . Moved everything off my hard drive to flash drive to clear up space ( I only have 4gig ) . Still did n't load said something about `` Must be xbox hardrive '' . Called EA . They said reformat hardrive , still did n't work . Went to gamestop and exchanged for a new copy . Still did n't work . Called microsoft , they informed me that it is an issue with EA , in that the total game needs 5 gigs after all of the updates , and wo n't allow you to download onto 4 gig hard drive . ALSO , your 4gig is not a hard drive really but a flash drive just like something you put in your USB . So you are left with playing the game without HD which sucks . OR get a new xbox , or an external xbox hard drive . I do n't know if EA is trying to fix the problem but it seems like we are n't the only two that it wo n't work for .
Shane · 7 years ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Newsroom
Our Stories
Large amounts of folic acid shown to promote growth of breast cancer in rats
Toronto , January 21 , 2014
By Leslie Shepherd
Dr. Young-In Kim Dr. Young-In Kim
Folic acid supplements at levels consumed by breast cancer patients and survivors in North America promoted the growth of existing breast cancer in rats , new research found .
The role of folate , a B vitamin , and its synthetic form , folic acid , in the development and progression of breast cancer is highly controversial . Although some studies have found it may offer protection against breast cancer , recent studies have suggested that taking high amounts of folic acid may increase the risk of developing breast cancer .
Dr. Young-In Kim , a physician and researcher at St. Michael 's Hospital , said his lab has shown for the first time that folic acid supplements in doses 2.5 to five times the daily requirement “ significantly promotes ” the growth of existing pre-cancerous or cancerous cells in the mammary glands of rats .
His research was published today in the online journal PLOS One .
“ This is a critically important issue because breast cancer patients and survivors in North America are exposed to high levels of folic acid through folic acid fortification in food and widespread use of vitamin supplements after a cancer diagnosis , ” Dr. Kim said . “ Cancer patients and survivors in North America have a high prevalence of multivitamin and supplement use , with breast cancer patients and survivors having the highest prevalence . ”
The amount of folic acid consumed in North America has increased dramatically in the past 15 years . Women are routinely advised to take folic acid supplements before becoming pregnant and while pregnant to prevent neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida . Since 1998 , the Canadian and U.S. governments have required food manufacturers to add folic acid to white flour , enriched pasta and cornmeal products as a way of ensuring women receive enough of the B vitamin . In addition , up to 30 to 40 per cent of North Americans take folic acid supplements for possible but as yet unproven health benefits .
Dr. Kim is also a professor of medicine at the University of Toronto .
This research was funded in part by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research .
About St. Michael 's Hospital
St. Michael 's Hospital provides compassionate care to all who enter its doors . The hospital also provides outstanding medical education to future health care professionals in 27 academic disciplines . Critical care and trauma , heart disease , neurosurgery , diabetes , cancer care , care of the homeless and global health are among the Hospital 's recognized areas of expertise . Through the Keenan Research Centre and the Li Ka Shing International Healthcare Education Centre , which make up the Li Ka Shing Knowledge Institute , research and education at St. Michael 's Hospital are recognized and make an impact around the world . Founded in 1892 , the hospital is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto .
Media contacts
For more information or to interview Dr. Kim , contact :
Leslie Shepherd
Manager , Media Strategy
416-864-6094
shepherdl @ smh.ca
Applicants who want to become a nurse in Ontario no longer have to worry about passing the provincial licensing exam in three tries .
The NCLEX-RN exam - which is required to become a Registered Nurse in Ontario , will no longer have a limit as to how many times it can be written .
Nursing students in Ontario had concerns about the exam , administered by an American organization , because not all of the content was Canadian-based .
Failure rates were much higher with the U.S.-based exam than was found with a previous Canadian test .
The Ontario College of Nurses said passing the exam is one of a set of requirements to become licensed in the province .
In an e-mail to CBC News , the college said it would still limit other exams to three attempts , as those exams have questions that are administered to all applicants . Therefore , the concern is that a prospective nurse could memorize the exam .
Nova Scotia already made similar changes for its nursing students in June .
The changes in Ontario will take effect January 9 , 2017 .
Following back-to-back losses , Anthony Pettis knew he had to make some changes ahead of his next fight or risk falling even further back from reclaiming the UFC lightweight title .
Petti has been part of the Roufus Sport team in Milwaukee for his entire career , working under head coach Duke Roufus . But after falling to Rafael dos Anjos and Eddie Alvarez , he knew there was a piece to the puzzle that was missing .
Even Pettis could n't have predicted what happened next when he went on a tour to visit the troops overseas and ended up spending time with former opponent and rival Donald `` Cowboy '' Cerrone .
Instead of letting their rivalry simmer , Pettis and Cerrone actually became friends during the tour and that 's when he was invited to travel to New Mexico for some training .
`` I went on a USO tour with `` Cowboy '' Cerrone , eight days around the world , so of course we had to talk and he 's a cool dude , '' Pettis told FOX Sports on Thursday . `` We put our drama aside , we fought before and he said he was moving to 170 and he offered to do some sparring with me . So I went there to spar with him and work with Israel Martinez initially . I was n't going to Greg Jackson , I was just going to go to the ranch and spar with `` Cowboy '' . Israel had me go down to Greg Jackson 's , I met the coaching staff , I met the team and I just loved it . ''
`` It was an environment I feel I can get better and grow . Milwaukee , I feel I can definitely get better there , but growing mentally and all that , it 's a slower process because I know everybody and I 've done that gym routine for the last 10 years of my life . Changing it up and doing something new . ''
Greg Jackson and Mike Winkeljohn have built one of the most famous teams in the world and fighters have sought out their instruction and leadership for more than a decade .
With a list of competitors that includes Jon Jones , Carlos Condit , Holly Holm and many others , the Jackson-Winkeljohn camp has plenty of accolades to prove their system works .
Once Pettis got a taste of that environment , he was hooked .
In fact , things went so well for this last training camp preparing for Edson Barboza at UFC 197 that Pettis has decided to make Jackson-Winkeljohn part of his permanent team from here on out .
`` Yes , for sure . Not permanent but I 'll be going back and forth , '' Pettis said . `` I 'll be a couple of weeks in Milwaukee , a couple of weeks in New Mexico . My daughter 's in Milwaukee , my mom 's in Milwaukee , I own several businesses in Milwaukee , so I definitely have to come back but knowing I can get away for a couple of weeks and it 's like a real vacation . A vacation to just focus on training . ''
One thing that still needs to be hashed out is Pettis ' relationship with his long time coach and friend back in Milwaukee , who has been the stalwart of all his past training camps through good times and bad .
Roufus has been with Pettis since his first fight and from the sound of things he was n't all that enthusiastic about the former lightweight champion spending so much time with another team , but ultimately they will hash things out .
`` I do n't know . We have n't had that conversation yet . I did n't really ask permission , '' Pettis said . `` Duke 's always given me freedom to do what I want to do . He 's never been that guy like 'you 've got to stay here or you 're not on my team ' . No , we 're family . I told him I needed to clear my head and get some new looks . He did n't agree with it , he 's like we 're not getting paid to spar , let 's not spar all these guys . You 're getting paid to fight so let 's get ready for your fight .
`` I just felt like it was a good decision . I trained for three days and it was the best decision I 've made . Nothing away from Duke . Duke 's an amazing coach and will always be my coach but having bodies like that and training partners like that and the mindset of Greg Jackson and Israel Martinez and there 's four jiu-jitsu coaches , four wrestling coaches , it 's just so much information that I can get . ''
As far as his fight this weekend , Pettis says Roufus will still be in his corner but he plans to talk to Jackson once he arrives in Las Vegas about possibly joining him for the fight against Barboza . Jackson will already be in town to help coach Jon Jones in the main event at UFC 197 .
With the addition of Jackson , Winkeljohn and the team in Albuquerque , Pettis believes he finally has the recipe to capture the lightweight title again .
`` The key is that pressure . I felt uncomfortable sparring and that 's how I feel in the Octagon , '' Pettis explained . `` Most fights are n't comfortable where you 're like 'oh this is easy ' . It 's an uncomfortable feeling where this guy has good moments , I have good moments but that 's how it was when I sparred . It was good . ''
In Lincoln 's last public speech , delivered on a balcony at The White House , on April 11 , 1865 , and just after news of Robert E. Lee 's surrender to Ulysses S. Grant , he expressed the challenge the broken nation faced : “ Reconstruction ... is pressed much more closely upon our attention ... It is fraught with great difficulty . Unlike the case of a war between independent nations , there is no authorized organ for us to treat with ... We simply must begin with , and mould from , disorganized and discordant elements . ”
The president 's careful words show his sense of the daunting tasks that lay ahead . “ So new and unprecedented is the whole case , ” Lincoln said , “ that no exclusive , and inflexible plan can safely be prescribed ... [ but ] important principles ... must be inflexible. ” How could Reconstruction policy take the form of flexible plans and inflexible principles ? Whose plan , and what principles would prevail ? Could American politics ever strike such a balance ?
All approaches to Reconstruction had to provide answers to at least three huge questions : One , who would rule in the defeated South ( ex-Confederates , white Unionists , black former slaves , Yankees who moved south ) ? Two , would Congress or the president rule in Washington ? Three , what were the dimensions and definitions of black freedom and equality—under law and in human hearts ? And on a broad scale , another question encompassed all the others : Would Reconstruction be a preservation of the old , or a remaking of the new ? A restoration of the former Confederates to the Union as rapidly as possible , or a second revolution with a constitutional refounding and a remaking of Southern society ?
The architects of Reconstruction policies , from the middle of the war down to 1876 , included three presidents—Lincoln , Andrew Johnson , and Grant—as well as major Republican politicians such as John Bingham , John Trumbull , William Pitt Fessenden , Thaddeus Stevens , Charles Sumner , and many others . After replacing the murdered Lincoln , Johnson became until 1868 , the embodiment of a rapid , lenient vision of Reconstruction , rooted in states ' rights doctrine , white supremacy , and a decidedly non-revolutionary approach to the remaking of the federal Union . The slogan most often associated with Johnson 's vision of Reconstruction , which most white Southerners came to embrace , was “ the Union as it was , the Constitution as it is , ” which meant a swift reentry to full statehood in the United States , renunciation of secession resolutions , and acceptance of the end of slavery—but no advancement in the civil and political rights of the freedmen .
The “ radical ” Republicans , however , saw Reconstruction as a necessary process of rooting out the causes of the Southern “ rebellion ” in the first place , and as an opportunity to forge a new social , legal , and political order . Above all , they were determined to create a truly new nation , and one rooted in at least the beginnings of racial equality in civic and political life .
Travel back in time to January of this year , and in space to the distant planet of Baltimore , Maryland . Come the third week of that month you 'll find yourself smack in the middle of the annual MLS SuperDraft .
This year 's version of the event was marked by the wheeling and dealing of one particular team : The Chicago Fire . They had a new head coach , entered with the need for as many parts to build a ( nearly entirely ) new roster , and were armed with new GM Nelson Rodriguez 's encyclopedic knowledge of the MLS rulebook . They were poised to make it work , and to restore one of the best MLS franchises from the league 's earliest days back to their former glory .
Chicago absolutely did the right thing with each of their deals . Rodriguez 's maneuvering left them with a boatload of both General Allocation Money ( GAM ) and Targeted Allocation Money ( TAM ) , as well as the fourth and 12th picks in the first round . With those picks they chose left back Brandon Vincent and center back Jonathan Campbell , and those two guys should/will be the core of the Fire defense for the next decade . They used part of the TAM to sign Dutch forward Michael de Leeuw , and when Vincent assisted de Leeuw on the only goal in Wednesday 's 1-0 win over Sporting KC , it was a benchmark hit by the whole squad -- but most importantly by the guys who 'd put the blueprint together .
Their plan has worked at least a little bit , and de Leeuw 's tap-in drove the point home to an unmissable extent .
I understand that Fire fans are beat down by a half-decade of losing , and do n't blame them for it . Yet I see reason for some hope in Bridgeview because Rodriguez and Veljko Paunovic drafted incredibly well this winter , because they 're still sitting on a boatload of cash , because they have an unused DP slot , and because in Cam Lindley have one of the country 's best & most creative midfielders germinating in their academy . Chicago has the pieces to build incrementally through the rest of 2016 , and then rapidly once the transfer window opens next January . There will be more days like Saturday 's 3-1 loss to FC Dallas ahead over the next three-and-a-half months , but the whole project has started to rumble forward ever so slightly , and if the exact path is n't clear , at least the direction is .
And with all that said : Fire fans may have ended the weekend thinking about the guy they passed on with their No . 1 pick back in January , rather than the raft of starters they added via their willingness to deal with it . Jack Harrison has been that good .
Let 's head to Montreal ...
Subway Train
`` As a winger , you wo n't always have the best game , '' Frank Lampard said after Sunday 's 3-1 win at Montreal . `` Sometimes the ball does n't get to you enough or you ca n't get involved as much as you want , but when it does come you need to be a bit special and he 's been a revelation for us in turning the corner and winning these last five out of six games because he 's given us a real outlet of speed and ability on the ball . ''
Lampard 's been great since getting healthy , and Tommy McNamara is third in the league with his eight assists . David Villa is my pick for league MVP , and Andrea Pirlo is still mostly the good version of Andrea Pirlo on both sides of the ball .
It 's Harrison who 's most changed the team , however , because of his ability to get out on the break and turn those fleeting moments when he gets on the ball into devastating , game-ending displays of ruthlessness . He put Ambroise Oyongo in the blender this weekend , and the Cameroon international 's not getting out :
Again : Oyongo is a full Cameroon international in the prime of his career at age 25 , and Harrison just ruined him .
Obviously it 's hard to ignore the 19-year-old Englishman 's quick feet and great balance , as well as his soft first touch . More telling , though , is that second touch -- he takes it directly forward and puts Oyongo back on his heels as soon as possible , dictating where the encounter would take place .
Young players ( and some veterans , as Dom Oduro showed repeatedly ) often have to slow the game down for a moment or three before making their decisions . Harrison does n't do that because he knows that those first moments are where you can turn a 3 % advantage into a 30 % advantage , and bending odds like that is how you win the game in the long run .
Beyond that individual bit , there is this : NYCFC are holding the ball much deeper in the past two months since he arrived . Back at the start of the season they were guilty of trying to drive the ball into the final third and keep it there for the duration of every possession . Now with Lampard and Harrison available , they 're more likely to try to get out into the open field and kill teams on the counter or in transition . They 're rocketized , by way of England , and with Pirlo pulling the strings that 's a deadly plan .
So , to bring it back to the intro about the Fire : It 's understandable if , for this week anyway , Chicago fans dwell upon what might have been . Harrison helped turn City into the top team in the Eastern Conference seemingly all at once , and that kind of savior is what Section 8 have been hoping for for a long time .
That guy has n't arrived yet . As of now , they 'll have to be happy with a good plan and some progress .
Jet Boy
Kekuta Manneh limped off just before halftime of Vancouver 's 2-2 draw vs. Colorado a week ago , leaving the Whitecaps without their most dynamic 1-v-1 attacker and -- this year at least -- their best goal-scorer . It was easy to look at everything Manneh does with the ball and make a concrete list of what the 'Caps would be without .
Then they played 180 minutes this week and took four points , thanks to a 2-0 win over RSL on Wednesday followed by an ultimately disappointing 2-2 draw vs. Orlando City on Saturday night ( both games were at BC Place ) . All-in-all not a bad week considering their ongoing defensive issues and questions about putting the ball into the net .
See , however , if you can spot where Manneh had been lined up based upon the Opta chalkboard data from the two games .
First is RSL , with yellow arrows indicating a key pass ( a pass that leads to a shot ) and blue an assist :
Second is the draw vs. Orlando City :
We 'll also throw in the second half of last weekend 's draw vs. the Rapids :
You see it , right ? In case you do n't : In 225 minutes since Manneh went down injured , Vancouver have yet to create a scoring chance originating from the left side of the field . They 've compensated a bit by overloading the right , but even so they managed to take only five of nine home points on offer -- the kind of haul that probably extinguishes their hopes for home field advantage come November , and may even be enough to doom them to life below the red line ( right now they 're a point above Sporting and have a game in hand ) .
Injuries are part of the game and there are exactly zero teams in MLS that can just lose their best attacker and continue on as if it 's no big deal . Vancouver 's one-sidedness is then at least a little bit predictable .
It 's also something that teams will be happy to scout and take advantage of in the weeks to come .
Personality Crisis
The Red Bulls ' week got off to a good start with Wednesday 's 2-0 home win over Orlando City SC , which was followed by a dominant first half en route to a 2-0 lead at the break in Philadelphia on Sunday . Then the Union came out and were the Union in the second half , and for the second time this year they rallied for a deficit and got a result against RBNY -- this one a 2-2 draw .
The previous instance was in the US Open Cup meeting between the two teams a few weeks back that Philly won despite getting stomped for 45 minutes . New York took a 1-0 lead into the half that time , then fell apart behind the relentlessness of Chris Pontius and some prescient passing from deep in the Union midfield :
When Philly came from behind to beat New York in the USOC , this was the halftime adjustment - pic.twitter.com/GWPg2WZoMc — Kevin Kinkead ( @ Kevin_Kinkead ) July 17 , 2016
Castillo has two goals and two assists in his last four starts , and has finally cut through a sort of haze that had muted his game through the first week of summer .
That haze has been banished , and -- occasional 5-0 loss by the reserves aside -- Dallas are steadily rising .
Left : Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan listens to statements at the COP21 , United Nations Climate Change Conference , in Le Bourget , outside Paris , Monday , Nov. 30 , 2015 . ( Francois Mori/Associated Press ) . Right : Gollum in “ The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey ” ( Warner Bros . )
Turkish doctor Bilgin Çiftçi lost his job . He 's been put on trial . And whether he goes to prison hinges on one thing :
Is Gollum a good guy ?
According to the Turkish news agency DHA , Çiftçi was expelled from the Public Health Institution of Turkey in October after sharing a meme comparing Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to the creepy creature from “ The Lord of the Rings . ”
Bu fotoğrafları paylaştığı için memuriyetten atılan Dr. Bilgin Çiftçi yalnız değildir ! İlle bir işlem yapmak istiyorsanı… Posted by Ateist Forum on Thursday , October 15 , 2015
Insulting the head of state is a crime punishable with jail time in Turkey , and Çiftçi was promptly put on trial after the meme was spotted in his Facebook feed .
But when he appeared in court , Çiftçi insisted that he had n't insulted anyone at all . For all his slimy skin and questionable syntactic habits , many say Gollum is not a villain . He may even be a hero . After all , it was he who freed Middle Earth from the tyranny of the ring by biting it off of Frodo 's finger and ( albeit inadvertently ) plunging with it into the lava roiling inside Mount Doom ( spoiler ! ) .
When Çiftçi 's lawyer Hicran Danışman challenged the chief judge for his reading of the complicated character , the judge admitted he 'd only seen parts of the movies , according to the Istanbul newspaper Today 's Zaman .
With that , the judge called for an expert panel to determine whether Çiftçi 's defense is valid . The group will comprise two academics , two behavioral scientists or psychologists and an expert on cinema and television productions , according to Today 's Zaman . It has two and a half months to review to the evidence before the court reconvenes in February .
Speaking to DHA Tuesday , Danışman said the trial has turned into “ a case of saving the pride of Gollum . ”
But the outcome of the expert examination will have less of an impact on Gollum — who , in addition to being already dead , is just a figment of J. R. R. Tolkien 's imagination — than on Çiftçi , who faces up to two years in prison if convicted , Today 's Zaman reported .
The Turkish penal code states that anybody who insults the president of the republic can face a prison term of up to four years — more if the statement is made publicly or by a journalist . And Erdoğan 's time in office has coincided with an increase in the number of investigations for insults .
Between Erdoğan 's election to the presidency in August 2014 and March of this year , 236 people were investigated for “ insulting the head of state , ” the BBC reported ; 105 of them were formally indicted .
The president and his government “ do n't have a sense of humor , ” cartoonist Selcuk Erdem , whose magazine has been prosecuted for insulting Erdoğan , told the BBC . “ They do n't want — or like — freedom of speech or criticism . ”
For his part , Erdoğan has also referred to the writing of a New York Times journalist as “ shameless , immoral , treason. ” Is that better or worse than being compared to Gollum ?
In the last few weeks , three huge North American gaming conventions have come and gone : GDC ( March 2-6 in San Francisco ) , PAX East ( March 6-8 in Boston ) and SXSW Gaming ( March 13-15 in Austin , Texas ) .
Prismata—our upcoming designer strategy game—was represented at all three conferences , so I felt like a good post-mortem post was in order .
However , after seeing so many other wonderful post-mortem articles go up ( like Jotun 's and Juicy Beast 's ) , and having done one ourselves last year for our trip to FanExpo , I felt like doing something a little different . So instead , I 'm going to highlight five small things that made a huge difference in the overall value we got out of our exhibitions , either by saving us cash , preserving our sanity , or by increasing the awesomeness of our booth .
Call them “ life hacks for indie game exhibitors ” .
Exhibitor hack # 1 : These foldable stools
Holy shit . This stool right here… two words : F $ % & ING AMAZING . Once you experience it in the flesh , you 'll never understand how you could have survived without it before . Let 's take a look at its features :
Virtually indestructible
Folds up into a completely flat 1-inch thick slab-shape that easily fits in a suitcase
Holds up to 350 lbs
Costs only $ 15.99 at Canadian Tire ( that 's about $ 12.50 in US dollars )
Has no arms or back , making it very easy for people to sit on in cramped spaces
Our booth at PAX East was pretty small—only 10 feet by 10 feet—and we wanted to have a ton of playable stations available so that we could teach Prismata to as many people as possible . We ended up having 3 pairs of machines set up to play against one another , plus an additional machine constantly running our AI vs AI demo , for a total of seven computers running in a single 10×10 booth . Most other booths were only running between one and four machines , but these stools made it possible to use our space a lot more efficiently .
The default chairs available at PAX ( Herman Miller Limericks , depicted above ) are convenient for the convention center because they 're lightweight and extremely stackable , but they 're also quite wide and need to be spaced fairly far apart so that players can get in and out of their seats . Fitting 3 of these in front of a 6 foot table leaves no room for people to sit down without leap-frogging over the chair backs . On the other hand , the foldable stools completely alleviate this problem because they 're small and have no backs . Folks can just walk to them and sit down .
They 're also an insane bargain . The cost to rent a pair of Limerick chairs at PAX was about 80 bucks for the three days . The stools cost less than a third of that , and you get to KEEP THEM ( which is easy , since you can just throw them in your luggage ! )
10/10 would stool again .
Exhibitor hack # 2 : Bulk-order online printing
Prismata is fundamentally a multiplayer game , and one of our greatest strengths is our awesome online community . A constant goal of ours is to build on that community , and events like PAX are great sources of new players , because the attendees tend to be among the most hardcore and influential gamers out there . Not everyone who walks by the booth gets a chance to sit down and try the game , so we printed postcards containing codes for Prismata alpha access , and handed them out to anyone who was interested .
Last year at FanExpo , we printed 1000 cards similar to these . We paid over $ 100 for them at a local print shop , and only printed them at a 2.5×3.75 size ( only slightly larger than a business card ) . We found that 1000 was n't nearly enough cards for a multi-day expo , and we wanted them to be much larger and nicer this time . However , the local shop we used before was a relatively tiny operation focusing mainly on small-scale academic poster and note printing , so they were n't able to offer us much of a volume discount . The major brands ( Staples and FedEx Office ) did n't offer good deals either , so we looked online .
After some searching , we found that jakprints.com offered a really awesome price for a bulk order of postcards on good quality card stock . You can order full-colour , double-sided postcards for a very reasonable price . The sizes go up to 4.25 x 6 before you start seeing any serious increases in price .
Here 's their pricing chart :
See the prices circled in red ? Study them for a moment . There is a clear knee in the price/quantity curve , right at 5000 cards . For us , that was perfect ! The cards were less than 4 cents each , and jakprints shipped them straight to Boston for us to give away at PAX ( some of our friends in town took care of the cards until we arrived ) . We ended up giving away almost 80 % of them at PAX ( we could have given them all way if we really tried ! ) , and the rest at SXSW .
If you 're really pinching pennies , you can save a few bucks by getting cheaper flyers printed on paper instead . But you 're going to want the card stock ( see hack # 5 for why ) .
Exhibitor hack # 3 : Binder clips
Binder clips , to the indie game convention exhibitor , are like rolls of duct tape to a handyman : an incredibly useful and versatile secret weapon that you 'll find yourself using over and over for unexpected reasons . In a sea of lousy office supplies that break , fail , and ruin things , binder clips are ( for lack of a better descriptor ) , a F # ^ $ ING GODSEND .
Here are just a few of the things we ended up using the binder clips for :
Attaching posters to the curtains behind our booth ( adhesives are a big no-no , as they can cost you big money in fines if they damage the draperies or leave a residue behind . )
Mounting art above the computer monitors on our tables ( we did this during our setup at SXSW , and by the end of the day , other folks were asking to borrow our binder clips so they could do it too ! )
Tidying cables by securing them to table legs or drapery .
Fixing keyboards with broken keyboard feet .
Holding together the FAT STACKS of business cards we acquired from all the press and industry folks we met with .
Exhibitor hack # 4 : A ridiculous demo with maxed brightness and colour temperature
First impressions are important . There are a hundred other games competing for the eyeballs of the crowd on the exhibition floor . You 're going to want to have a big screen displaying something that people ca n't help but stare at . For us , this meant a loop of our Prismata AI demo , in which the bot plays an endless series of games against itself . It looks a bit like the individual screens in the video below ( except with a ton more flashy visual effects ) :
In our demo , we got our game client to run an endless loop of single AI vs AI matches at full screen with the game speed set to the absolute maximum . In addition to this , we employed the following tricks to make the demo even more attention-grabbing :
We turned on all the in-game visual effects and maxed out the particle effects .
We used a fast computer , so the demo ran at a buttery smooth 60 fps , even with the visual effects completely maxed .
We maxed the brightness and contrast of the monitor so that it would be as attention-grabbing as possible .
We elevated the screen above the surface of the table , so it would be more visible to passers-by .
We also increased the screen 's colour temperature as much as we could , which is an old trick commonly employed in TV showrooms .
It worked brilliantly ; a lot of people would show up and simply stare at the screen , which provided a perfect opportunity for us to explain the game to them , hand out flyers , or bring them in for a demo . This brings me to…
Exhibitor hack # 5 : Flyering like a boss
I could write a whole article on this one topic . If you do a bit of googling , you 'll actually find a variety of existing articles written on how to hand a flyer to somebody . Do n't read any of them . They 're crap . Approaching a passing stranger at PAX is completely different than handing out flyers on the street or at a mall , and our method employs SCIENCE .
Here 's my technique , which I used to hand out 5000 flyers . It takes a bit of practice , but once mastered , you can hand a flyer to somebody 10 feet away with an astonishing success rate . There are 4 key steps :
Create movement with the flyer in the subject 's peripheral vision . Create sound as the flyer moves , ensuring that it dominates the noise floor of the venue . Physically engage with the subject using body language that demands a response . Once your subject takes the flyer , follow up to add value .
Step 1 : Creating movement with the flyer
If you master this , you 'll feel like you can control the necks of passers-by , telepathically forcing each person to look toward your hands . I 'm not kidding . It 's a pretty easy psychological trick , but the key is to exploit the movement-detection functionality of your subject 's peripheral vision . The rod cells located around the edges of the human retina are highly sensitive to movement , and movement in the peripheral areas often creates a head-turning response . The following diagram makes it easy to understand :
In practice , I simply held the flyers in a stack in my left hand , with a single card tucked between the index finger and thumb of my right hand . If a subject was passing down the aisle next to our booth , I would wait until he or she had almost passed by the point where I was standing , and then I would rapidly extend my right arm , moving the flyer out toward my right .
Step 2 : Creating sound
When I first started flyering , I had a hard time understanding why some folks ' heads would instantly turn when I presented the flyer , while others failed to even notice my presence . I soon realized that movement was only half of the equation , and sound was vitally important ( which is a huge reason why you do n't want to cheap out and get paper flyers : they do n't make enough noise ! )
When sliding one of the post cards off of the top of the stack to present it to a subject , there are two main components to the sound produced : a “ SWISH ” as one postcard rubs across another , and a “ POP ” as it slides off the stack and the tension of one card against another is released . The “ POP ” turned out to be nearly imperceptible above the din of the PAX convention hall , but the “ SWISH ” was what really turned heads . I actually practiced quite a bit with the stack of postcards until I could reliably make a loud scratchy noise every single time that I presented one to a passer-by . It dramatically increased the likelihood that the subject would turn his or her to look toward the source of the movement .
Step 3 : Engaging the subject
Once the subject looks toward your hand , you 've pretty much got them . All you need to do is be a little forceful in your body language to encourage them to grab the card from you . Look at the subject , smile , make eye contact , and reach toward the empty space that they 're walking into ( not enough to block their way , but enough to make it a little awkward to say no ) . They 'll take it from you almost every time .
Exception : old people . Anybody who looks over 50 is a jerk and will never take your flyers . Do n't even bother trying .
Step 4 : Following up
Your job is n't done once the subject takes the flyer . Presumably , it contains some kind of call to action—a website to visit , a QR code to scan , or a secret code to enter . You want to maximize the probability that the subject follows through . I positioned myself conveniently so that as soon as a subject grabbed the flyer , I could hijack their attention toward the demo of our game , and explain that it contained a code for a free alpha key . This is important ! You want your subject to treat their flyer not as a piece of spam to be tossed away , but as a valuable coupon that can later be redeemed for something .
A final word…
For us , Prismata is n't a sprint ; it 's a marathon . We 're a one-product company . Our business model , like those of games like League of Legends and Path of Exile , demands that we cultivate and nurture a strong online community for years to come as we develop and expand the game . As we proceed through our pre-release alpha , events like PAX are important for enlarging our network and exposing our product to influential gamers , who may later become our fans . With a limited budget , it 's critical to be as efficient as possible during these events , and small edges really add up . Those foldable stools , cheap flyers , and binder clips likely made hundreds of real dollars of difference in the effectiveness of our booth .
Of course , the big things also matter . We developed a killer playable demo , built a flashy new website , and put in a ton of work to promote Prismata to the press in the weeks leading up to the event . There 's a truckload of literature on those topics on sites like pixelprospector , and I encourage you to check them out , as well as read about some of the trials and tribulations of other indie exhibitors .
If you do choose to show off your game at a convention like PAX , I wish you the best of luck !
Before leaving the White House for the last time on Jan. 20 , former President Barack Obama wrote more than the traditional letter to his successor .
In the midst of the 2017 presidential transition , President Obama took time Thursday morning to write a letter to the people of the United States . In it , he described the people whom he met throughout his two terms in office . All of whom , he said , showed him grace , community , strength , and more .
“ I 've seen , the American people , in all your decency , determination , good humor and kindness , ” he wrote . “ …You made me a better President , and you made me a better man…And in your daily acts of citizenship , I 've seen our future unfolding . ”
Along with noting his admiration for peoples ' ethic and dedication , he encouraged citizens to continue actively participating in the U.S. 's future . With that , he also promised they will not stand alone . He plans to remain alongside U.S. citizens , as , he said , all Americans should ‘ throw themselves into that work . '
“ All of us , regardless of party , should throw ourselves into that work—the joyous work of citizenship . Not just when there 's an election , not just when our narrow interest is at stake , but over the full span of a lifetime , ” he explained . “ I 'll be right there with you every step of the way . ”
Despite him no longer being in office , President Obama made his post-presidential intentions clear . Through his letter and farewell speech , he stated his activism for a better country did not end with Trump 's inauguration .
Prior to providing a way for people to stay connected with the Obama Foundation , he offered a final sentiment :
“ America is not the project of any one person . The single most powerful word in our democracy is the word ‘ We . ' ‘ We the People . ' ‘ We shall overcome . ' Yes , we can . ”
The worst possible budget for a project is zero . If you have no funds or no time , you have no power to build anything worthwhile . That 's not a surprise to anyone – no one likes working under absurd constraints .
The second worst possible budget is unlimited .
Reasonable constraints provide guidance . They help you narrow your focus and and work on the things that really matter . A well-considered constraint can be a road map for your project : Even if you know where you 're going , the map can help you measure the distance and figure out if you 'll have enough gas in the tank for that side trip you were thinking about .
The design process always creates more ideas than can be built in the available time frame . That 's not a bad thing – an excess of ideas will provide rich fodder for future work . But you must take care not to get lost in myriad possibilities . The risk is this : Even if the project has the funds to build a feature you do n't need , that is time you can never get back . Two weeks spent building something you do n't need means two weeks stolen from a more critical feature , or alternately a release delayed two weeks .
The strategy I have been employing to help keep focus is to make a simple “ mission statement ” ( for lack of a better term ) for the next release . The intent is to distill your goal down to the simplest possible terms with a statement following the form : “ some person or persona will be able to do something by date. ” Here 's an example : “ Individuals will be able to order books via our website by March 15th. ” By distilling the intent down to its absolute simplest definition , we 've obtained a statement short enough that everyone can keep it in mind throughout the next phase of development .
This statement is a context – not a commitment . A dozen words is clearly not enough to specify a product – but as you work through your list of ideas a mission statement can help solidify the line between what 's in this release and what 's out until future releases . It 's a very simple tool to help keep everyone on the same page and provide a context for the trade-offs every project needs to make at some point .
“ But my project is more complex than that , ” you may cry . That might be true , but I 'm skeptical . If you ca n't cut a release statement to under , say , 50 words , that 's a red flag warning you that you might be building more than you need .
A one sentence release statement may seem like too simple a tool to be useful . If you think so , then please humor me and figure out what yours is . It should n't take more than 5 seconds and if you 're right you 've lost nothing – and it may just tell you that half your team got different marching orders than the other half .
What is your project 's mission right now ?
Nicotine patches branded a waste of time as study finds they do n't help smokers quit long-term
Former smokers just as likely to relapse if they used nicotine replacement therapies to help them quit
Unsuccessful ? Nicotine replacement therapy was found to have no impact on quitting success in the latest study
Nicotine patches are no better than willpower at helping smokers to quit , research shows .
Earlier clinical trials had suggested nicotine replacement therapy could double a smoker 's chances of giving up the habit .
But a new study of 800 patients found patches made no difference to long-term quitting rates .
Researchers said the earlier trials had failed to replicate ‘ real-life ' situations . They said success and relapse rates were similar whatever method smokers adopted .
The NHS spends an estimated £84million a year on stop smoking programmes . A week 's supply of patches , which can be obtained on prescription , cost £10 to £14 .
The latest study – by the Harvard School of Public Health and the University of Massachusetts , Boston – investigated patients who gave up smoking between 2001 and 2006 .
It concluded : ‘ The main finding is that persons who quit relapsed at equivalent rates , whether or not they used nicotine replacement therapy to help them in their quit attempts , in clear distinction to the results of randomised clinical trials . '
The results were the same for heavy and lighter smokers and whether counselling was or was not given .
Harvard 's Hillel Alpert said : ‘ This study shows that using NRT is no more effective in helping people stop smoking cigarettes in the long term than trying to quit on one 's own . '
The cost of quitting : People can spend up to £14 a week on patches
In an online report in the journal Tobacco Control , fellow author Lois Biener said the funding for NRT might be better spent on other interventions . In replacement therapy , patches , gum , nasal sprays or inhalers are used to supply nicotine to the bloodstream .
NHS figures show that quit rates – giving up for at least four weeks – are slightly better for patients using willpower than patches .
However , a Department of Health spokesman said : ‘ Other studies have shown that NRT is safe and effective , and can double a person 's chances of successfully quitting . '
Further American research released yesterday suggests that nicotine patches can help improve memory loss among older people .
Non-smokers with failing brainpower who used patches for six months had a 46 per cent improvement in their memory skills , according to a report in the journal Neurology about the study at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville .
The deadline to protect players from next month 's Draft by placing them on the 40-man roster is Friday . Eligible players for the Rule 5 include anyone not on the 40-man roster who signed as an 18-year-old in 2012 or 19 or older in '13 .
TORONTO -- Most of the attention this week has focused on free agency , but behind the scenes , the Blue Jays also are preparing to finalize plans for their 40-man roster in advance of the upcoming Rule 5 Draft .
TORONTO -- Most of the attention this week has focused on free agency , but behind the scenes , the Blue Jays also are preparing to finalize plans for their 40-man roster in advance of the upcoming Rule 5 Draft .
The deadline to protect players from next month 's Draft by placing them on the 40-man roster is Friday . Eligible players for the Rule 5 include anyone not on the 40-man roster who signed as an 18-year-old in 2012 or 19 or older in '13 .
According to MLBPipeline , there are eight players on the list of Toronto 's Top 30 prospects who are eligible to be drafted . The group is headlined by No . 1 prospect Richard Urena and No . 3 prospect Anthony Alford , but it also extends to promising arms such as Angel Perdomo and Francisco Rios .
Video : Top Prospects : Angel Perdomo , LHP , Blue Jays
The Blue Jays currently have 34 players on their 40-man roster , and that does not include designated hitter Kendrys Morales , whose three-year deal has yet to become official . Toronto also needs a pair of corner outfielders , a first baseman and at least a couple of arms in the bullpen , so there is n't quite as much open roster space as one might think .
But additional space on the 40-man roster could be found if Toronto really needed it . Outfielders Darrell Ceciliani , Andy Burns , Chris Colabello , Josh Thole , Mike Bolsinger and Bo Schultz are among those currently on the 40 , but they could potentially be considered to be on the bubble .
There will be two rounds in the MLB phase of the Rule 5 during next month 's annual Winter Meetings . Eligible players can be selected for a $ 50,000 fee , but if they do not remain on the 25-man roster for the entire season , they would have to be offered back to the original team for $ 25,000 . Just because a player is eligible does not mean he will be selected , because teams will have to believe that player is worthy of a big league roster spot .
Video : Anthony Alford crushes a solo homer
Urena and Alford are virtual locks to find spots on Toronto 's 40-man roster . They 're not ready for the big leagues quite yet , but they 're close enough that other teams likely would jump at the opportunity to steal them away . Perdomo and Rios have yet to pitch above Class A and a jump to the big leagues seems unlikely , but the Blue Jays will still have to weigh the risks . Other eligible players on the Top 30 list include lefty Ryan Borucki ( Class A Lansing ) and outfielders D.J . Davis ( Class A Advanced Dunedin ) , Dwight Smith ( Double-A New Hampshire ) and Roemon Fields ( New Hampshire ) .
Outside of the Top 30 , there are some other intriguing candidates . Right-hander Wil Browning posted a 1.94 ERA in Double-A before joining the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons late in the season . Twenty-two-year-old Adonys Cardona did n't make it as a starter , but he moved to the bullpen last season in Dunedin and could move quickly through the system . Catcher/first baseman Juan Kelly hit .274 with an .804 OPS in 131 games for Lansing . Utility man Jon Berti can play just about anywhere , and he had a .722 OPS for New Hampshire .
Success stories in the Rule 5 are rare , but they certainly are possible , and the Blue Jays know that firsthand . Toronto grabbed right-hander Joe Biagini during last year 's Draft , and he not only defied the odds by cracking the Opening Day roster , but he also became a key member of the bullpen .
The downside to adding a player to the 40-man roster is that it takes up valuable space and also starts the clock on service time . Players on the 40 who do not make the big league team out of Spring Training have to be optioned to the Minors . Players get three option years , and one is used when that player remains in the Minors for at least 20 days .
Gregor Chisholm has covered the Blue Jays for MLB.com since 2011 . Follow him on Twitter @ gregorMLB and Facebook , and listen to his podcast .
Crude is starting the week by charging lower , as supportive rhetoric from OPEC over the weekend has done little to allay fears of ongoing strong supply this year – especially if OPEC does indeed end production cuts mid-year , and should U.S. production continue to show signs of life . Hark , here are five things to consider in oil markets today .
1 ) President Trump 's energy plan has been published on the White House website , saying the new President ‘ is committed to achieving energy independence from the OPEC cartel ‘ . This seems an unlikely event , given the U.S. imported well over 3 million barrels per day from the cartel last year , amid joint ventures on the U.S. Gulf Coast with various countries .
Looking at Arab Gulf flows to the U.S. – also including Oman – imports averaged over 1.8mn bpd last year . Saudi sent nearly 1.1mn bpd , while Iraqi volumes climbed over 430,000 bpd . Even UAE delivered cargoes in half of all months last year . U.S. crude imports are unlikely to be materially dropping any time soon .
2 ) Last week we discussed how Saudi Arabia used less crude for power generation last year , as natural gas-fired generation ramped up to offset its direct crude burn . Saudi Aramco is further looking to boost natural gas production at its Hawiyah and Haradh plants , which are part of Ghawar , the world 's largest oil field , as part of its plan to double gas production to 23 Bcm over the next decade .
As the chart below illustrates , natural gas has replaced about a third of the crude used in the power generation sector . Some are suggesting that it has been this changing dynamic which has encouraged Saudi Arabia to agree to an oil production cut ; given the drop in oil needed for power generation , it may well have had to cut production anyway this year .
3 ) I know that we should n't focus on the U.S. rig count too much , but Friday 's print from Baker Hughes seems too impressive to ignore . Oil rigs rose by 29 , the biggest jump in nearly four years , lifting them to 551 .
Permian Basin , which saw two giant acquisitions in recent weeks , saw oil rigs climb by 13 . The rig count in the basin is now up to 281 , more than double its low in May of last year at 134 . Nonetheless , it is still half of what it was at its peak in late 2014 at 568 rigs . Permian Basin now accounts for a half of all rigs put to work in the U.S. ; given improving efficiencies , it should come as no surprise that production from the leading basin is on the rise once more .
4 ) Equatorial Guinea is in talks to join OPEC . The rationale for the decision is not yet clear ; the West African nation is seeing more growth from its LNG industry than it is from crude . It is already participating in the OPEC / NOPEC production cuts , agreeing to cut output by 12,000 bpd .
The country is producing around 200,000 bpd , the majority of which is exported . Our ClipperData show delivered exports were ~160,000 bpd last year . The leading destinations for the exports are Asia and Europe . The U.S. used to be a key recipient , but has dropped off in recent years as domestic production has increased . Phillips 66′ Bayway refinery was the last refinery to receive crude from Equatorial Guinea : 650,690 bbls of medium sweet Aseng was discharged there on the last day of October .
5 ) Finally , speculative positions in WTI crude have reached their highest level in two-and-a-half years , as money managers such as hedge funds are buying into the fact that OPEC and NOPEC are implementing a strong degree of compliance , and that it will serve to help balance the crude market ( ergo , support prices ) .
It should be noted , however , that extremes in bullish or bearish positioning have a tendency to align with turning points in the market . For example , the last time that net-long positions were this high , oil was peaking out for the year in June 2014 around $ 108/bbl . And the lowest net-long position at the beginning of last year coincided with the multi-year low for crude in the ( not so roaring ) $ 20s . Food for thought .
Today , we 're very excited to announce the launch of Endless Thread , a brand-new podcast bringing some of Reddit 's most compelling stories to life with well-crafted audio narratives from the podcast pros at NPR 's Boston news station , WBUR .
Set to debut on January 12 , 2018 , Endless Thread will feature weekly episodes covering a wide range of stories that long-time redditors and Reddit novices alike will enjoy . The show is hosted by former Marketplace Tech host and the creator of the Codebreaker podcast Ben Brock Johnson and produced by Amory Sivertson of Modern Love : The Podcast fame .
“ Reddit is one of the most formidable communities online , and its lifeblood is people from all over the world sharing and organizing around every imaginable topic , making it an incredibly valuable resource for anyone trying to understand our world , ” Ben explains in WBUR 's press release earlier today .
“ As a journalist , I 've been fascinated by Reddit for years , but I 've also become an avid redditor . I 'm always surprised at what a mystery Reddit is to people who do n't use it . I 'm looking forward to solving that mystery for the uninitiated , and helping redditors share their incredible , real life stories with the world . ”
Endless Thread will be in good company at WBUR , the NPR station responsible for hit radio shows like Car Talk and acclaimed podcasts like Modern Love , the audio companion to the New York Times column by the same name . Listeners can expect a similar style of highly produced audio treatment with a unique , Reddit-y twist that takes you on a journey just as fascinating and unexpected as some of the best threads on our site .
You can stream or download the premiere episode from your podcast app of choice starting on January 12 . In the meantime , Ben and Amory have kicked off a new Reddit user profile devoted to the show , u/Endless_Thread , and they 're doing an AMA in r/podcasts today at 2:00 PM EST .
You can learn more about the show and sign up to be notified when the first episode is out by checking out wbur.org/endlessthread .
A young boy dressed in military fatigue stands looking at a portrait of the head of Hezbollah , Hassan Nasrallah , during a parade in the southern city of Nabatiyeh , Nov. 9 , 2014 .
Reports from Lebanon say that Hezbollah 's internal security forces have uncovered a high-ranking agent working for Israel 's espionage and intelligence agency .
According to the reports , the agent was in charge of Hezbollah 's external operations , heading its “ 910 ” unit . This unit plans and executes operations directed at Israeli targets around the world . The reports , which quote security officials from the militant Islamist group , claim that the agent , identified only as M.S. , posed as a businessman , which allowed him to travel freely around the globe .
According to the information that was publicized , M.S . was recruited by the Mossad on one of his trips to a country in Western Asia . He worked for the Mossad for years , helping to foil numerous Hezbollah operations that were planned in retaliation for the assassination of Hezbollah 's military operations commander , Imad Mughniyeh , who was gunned down in Damascus in 2008 .
According to the Lebanese reports , M.S . gave his handlers in the Mossad the names of Hezbollah operatives in various countries , as well as disclosing plans for attacks by Hezbollah . The latest disclosure led to the arrest of an operative in Peru , in whose house explosives were found .
The Lebanese website El Nashra reported that this operative was instrumental in providing the information which led to Mughniyeh 's assassination , as well as to the killing of another senior Hezbollah commander , Hassan al-Laqis , in late 2013 . Hezbollah sources said that the arrest of M.S . dealt a serious blow to Israel 's intelligence-gathering capabilities in its ongoing battle with the Islamist group over seeking out and destroying information sources – a battle being waged by both sides .
Europeans hole the important putts at important times
With America dominating the morning sessions on Friday and Saturday , Paul McGinley 's charges knew they had to keep pressure on their opponents before the USA side got away from them . On a number of occasions over the weekend , many of the European players would sink a putt to halve a hole or even nick a hole back , just to keep in touch before coming to the fore in the afternoon . Even Sergio Garcia , whose troubles with the putter have been well-publicised , dropped some impressive putts to keep in his matches . One putt in particular that stands out for team Europe was that of Ian Poulter during the Friday fourballs . Garcia and Rory McIlroy trailing dormie two to Rickie Fowler and Jimmy Walker , only for the world number one to sink a 45-footer to take the match up the 18th which they also won for a crucial half . Moments like that gave the Europeans all the momentum at key times over the weekend .
Never say die attitude broke American resistance
It was only on occasion over the weekend that a European match looked dead and buried for the hosts . Ian Poulter and Stephen Gallacher 's dismantling at the hands of Patrick Reed and Jordan Speith was a rare blot on an otherwise unblemished weekend for the Europeans . In so many matches over the weekend , Europeans came back from deficits to record halves of even full points for their side 's cause . Poulter and McIlroy 's well-earned half on Saturday morning , Martin Kaymer and Justin Rose battling to get a half in the Saturday foursomes and Graeme McDowell fighting back from three down to win on Sunday were just three moments that gave the Europeans the momentum and instilled the same self-belief that saw Europe fight back in Chicago to win at Medinah two years ago .
The Europeans are simply better at the alternate shot format
Having lost both sets of ‘ fourballs ' where both players play the whole round and take the best score between them for each hole , the Europeans needed to show their worth in the alternate shot ‘ foursomes ' format which sees the players take turns teeing off and then alternate shots to play a single round of golf between them . The Europeans quite simply dominated the foursomes , winning a record seven points from a possible eight available . Both sessions were big momentum shifters for the hosts as they entered the first one trailing after Friday 's fourballs only to end the day leading 5-3 and then saw their lead cut to a point before ending the second day with a four-point lead to take into Sunday 's singles . The close-knit feeling you get from the Europeans can probably be attributed to why they are so successful in a format that leaves you relying heavily on your partner .
Ego-less team stronger than group of individuals over the three days
There is no denying that the Americans are a great set of players , but as a team , Europe win hands down . You get the feeling from the Americans that they are having to buy into the ‘ Team USA ' ethos and that the passion of team golf is merely a poorly constructed publicity stunt . For the Europeans , it is like they are a group of mates playing at their local club , and they value team success far above the individual acheivements . There were no egos to be found in the European camp , despite having the best player in the world alongside some of the most familiar faces in sport having to pull together for the greater good of the side . Nothing echoes this point more strongly than Phil Mickelson 's scathing criticism of his captain Tom Watson just hours after their side lost at Gleneagles . The experience left-hander then flew home alone in his personally chartered jet to show .
The left has been in disarray since 1991 – it never fully recovered from the collapse of the Soviet Union , despite widespread opposition to Stalinism and ­authoritarianism . In the past two decades , we have witnessed a major spasm of global capitalism that has triggered a long deflationary period across the United States and Europe . Just as the Great Depression did in the 1930s , this has created a breeding ground for xenophobia , racism and scapegoating .
The rise of centrism is also partly to blame . For a period in the late 1990s , it seemed that this had become the new doctrine of the left . In Britain , New Labour under Tony Blair was never part of the left . Margaret Thatcher was delighted by the manner in which his governments copied her policies and adopted her neoliberal mantra , though she did ask the question : if you want to vote for a Conservative , why not vote for a real one instead ?
Parties such as New Labour , the Socialists in France and the Social Democrats in Germany might have called themselves the radical centre , but that was just labelling . What was happening under the surface was that the progressive parties of the left were being lured into financialisation . In the 1960s and 1970s the centre left was aware of its duty to act as a mediator between industrial capital and labour . Harold Wilson 's Labour Party , Willy Brandt 's Social Democrats in Germany and others understood that their duty was to strike a grand bargain whereby industrial capital ceded to workers ' demands for higher wages and better conditions , while they agreed to help fund the welfare state .
From the mid-1980s onwards , the left-wing leadership abandoned this duty . Industrial capital was in decline and it was much easier to look towards the super-profits of the City of London and the global banks . A Faustian pact was made with the financial sector – European governments turned a blind eye to what the bankers were doing and offered them further deregulation in exchange for a few crumbs from their table to fund welfare . This is what Tony Blair and Gordon Brown did in Britain , Gerhard Schröder did in Germany and the Socialists did in France . Then the financial crisis struck . At that point , social democrats throughout Europe lacked the moral strength and analytical power to tell bankers that although they would salvage the banks , their reign was over .
The best hope for the left is to come together to defeat the worst enemy of European democracy : “ Euro-tina ” , the reactionary dogma that “ there is no alternative ” to the continent 's current policies . Hence the EU 's true democratisation is the only alternative . This is what my collaborators and I hope to achieve with our new Democracy in Europe Movement 2025 ( DiEM25 ) . We are compiling a new economic agenda for Europe , which will answer the question I am asked on the streets everywhere I go , from Sweden to the UK : what can we do better within the EU ? If the answer is “ nothing ” , the Brexiteers have a point – we might as well blow the whole thing up and start afresh . The alternative to the “ Year Zero ” approach is to recalibrate European institutions in the context of a practical and comprehensive agenda comprised of policies that will stabilise Europe 's social economy .
The EU institutions are anti-Europeanist and contemptuous of democracy . People might wonder : if that is the case , why am I arguing to stay in , but against the Union ? In response , I ask those who support the left-wing argument in favour of Brexit : since when has the British state been a friend of the working class ? Never . And yet their argument is : do not dismantle it . The nation state was created to promote a fictitious notion of a national interest to co-opt labour and those on the fringes of society – the “ lumpenproletariat ” , as we once called them . The left understands that it is not our job to destroy institutions . Instead , we struggle to take them over and use them for good . I cut my political teeth protesting against the Greek state but I do not believe that it should be dismantled and the same argument applies to the EU .
Good people who are motivated to change society often fall out with each other . I am reminded of a scene in Monty Python 's Life of Brian – when the Judaean People 's Front confronts the People 's Front of Judaea and the Popular Front of Judaea . DiEM25 's task is to try to convince our fellow left-wingers that the solution is a pan-European unity movement . A concrete example of the power that this can have is the election of Barcelona 's new mayor , Ada Colau . A DiEM25 supporter , she won the race against the odds ,
having started her career running a protest movement that championed the rights of citizens threatened with eviction because they were unable to pay their mortgages .
The Syriza government , in which I served as finance minister from January to July 2015 , failed to achieve change because we ended up disunited and the prime minister capitulated to the EU at the moment when he had a mandate from the Greek people to do the opposite . My hope was that if Syriza had carried on with the struggle , we would have been a catalyst for movements across Europe ( such as the one that has fuelled the rise of Jeremy Corbyn ) to join us .
The capitulation of Alexis Tsipras was a hefty blow to the concept of radical inter­nationalism , but I still believe that internationalism offers the solution to the problems facing Europe in this deflationary era . The number of good-quality jobs has decreased , investment is depressed and optimism about the future is being destroyed . It is the left 's duty to do all we can to end this . If we can explain to the masses what the sources of their discontent are , we have a chance to breathe new life into the left . There are no guarantees – just a chance .
This is the latest article in our “ New Times ” special series
By using a water bottle with a finger loop lid ,
you can start to feel how a disc should act upon release .
In testimony before the state House Committee on Public Health , Welfare and Labor , obstetrician/gynecologist Dr. Janet Cathey sought to explain to legislators why a bill ostensibly drawn up to prevent fetal pain would , besides requiring women to carry babies sure to die at birth to term , subject the fetus and infant to more pain . She described what happens when , in one example , the amniotic fluid that nourishes and protects a fetus leaks out : The uterus begins to constrict , so that the arms and legs of the fetus become contracted , and the lungs , deprived of fluid , fail to develop properly . If the fetus does not die in utero and is carried to term , it will suffocate after birth .
Yet the `` Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act , '' by Rep. Andy Mayberry ( R-Hensley ) , which would prohibit abortion after 20 weeks with no exceptions for fetal anomalies , rape , incest or mental health and which is based on iffy science rejected by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists that the embryo at 20 weeks feels pain , was passed by the House on Monday with 75 yeas , 20 nays and 5 not voting . Why ?
Conway Republican Sen. Jason Rapert 's bill that would prevent abortion after six weeks , when a probe inserted into a woman 's vagina can detect a heartbeat , and prosecute doctors who performed abortions after the heart-beat cut-off with a Class D felony , passed the Senate 28-6 .
( The House health committee on Tuesday voted to table Rapert 's heartbeat bill on a motion by chairman Rep. John Burris . Later on Tuesday , Rapert said he would amend the bill to require a test only when an abdominal ultrasound could be used , which is typically 10 to 12 weeks . )
Given that Rapert 's and Mayberry 's bills are unconstitutional , since the U.S. Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade decision has said that the ability of the fetus to live outside the mother — generally considered to be 23 or 24 weeks — is the standard under which an abortion may be prevented , and that they will cost the state many tax dollars for the court fight the state ACLU promises , why ?
The full House passed on Monday a bill by Rep. Butch Wilkins ( D-Bono ) that would prohibit policies offered under a health insurance exchange from covering non-elective abortions . ( No insurance policies cover elective abortion . ) The federal health care law that allowed the insurance exchanges already prohibits federal dollars from being spent on abortion , thanks to an amendment by Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson . Women who are part of the exchange would be able to buy insurance that would cover abortion , but the portion of the cost that would apply to a medically-necessary abortion would be figured independently to insure only the buyer 's money , and not federal dollars , is being spent . Should Wilkins ' bill become law , women who are insured through the exchange wo n't be able , with their own money , to insure themselves against potentially enormous hospital bills that could result from procedures necessary to preserve their lives . Is that what legislators intended ?
Another bill , by Sen. Justin Harris ( R-West Fork ) , would define a fetus as a child under the state 's Child Maltreatment Act and require all health care professionals who suspect a pregnant mother has been abusing alcohol or drugs to turn her in to the child abuse hotline . If they did n't , they could be charged with a felony . It has been passed over a couple of times by the House health committee , so maybe the bill , which could keep a pregnant woman with substance abuse problems from seeking prenatal care or confiding in her physician , will die a quiet death .
Why is the war on women 's rights — which nationally figured into the defeat of a couple of Republican congressional candidates — being waged so successfully in Arkansas ?
Testimony before House and Senate committees suggests several possible reasons why Arkansas 's legislators are embracing bad law .
1 . They want to codify in state law their interpretation of God 's law . Lawmakers and those who have testified for their bills often invoke God 's name and what they believe to be His will . Julie Mayberry , testifying for her husband 's bill , said it was God 's plan that her child be born with spina bifida . Mayberry , after the hearing , told a reporter that if a woman chose to have an abortion despite counseling and being told that she was `` going against God 's word , '' she was immoral .
The logical extension of this line of thought is that if all abortion is made illegal , and women die as a result of back alley abortions — once the number one killer of women of child-bearing age — that the Arkansas legislature seems to have forgotten , that , too , is God 's will .
In arguing his bill before the House , Mayberry said to legislators `` who consider yourself Christian '' to remember the Book of Deuteronomy , 30:19 , in which Moses exhorts rebelling Israelites to follow God 's law and so `` choose life . ''
2 . Misogyny . All of the anti-abortion bills deny the right of a woman to control her own body , and so are by definition anti-woman . They are also insulting , indifferent and dangerous .
`` These bills reflect utter disregard for women 's life , health and well-being , '' ACLU of Arkansas director Rita Sklar said . `` That is why it is such an emotional issue — because they attack the legitimacy of women as people , as equal human beings . ''
Rapert 's bill would require all women seeking an early-term abortion to have a probe inserted into the vagina , the only way to detect a fetal heartbeat at six weeks . The probe is n't the main problem . The main problem is the fact that the bill would prohibit a woman who has missed only one menstrual period ( if at all ) and may not even suspect that she could be pregnant from obtaining a legal abortion . But the invasive vaginal probe — an unnecessary procedure in legal abortion — is undeniably symbolic of what the legislature is doing to women 's rights .
Mayberry 's bill not only makes no exception for rape or incest it breaks new unconstitutional ground by specifically excluding emotional and psychological health or a diagnosis that a woman will commit suicide if the pregnancy were to continue .
Rep. Greg Leding ( D-Fayetteville ) asked Mayberry why he did not include exceptions for rape or incest : `` Can you envision a child of 12 or 13 who has been raped and afraid to come forward until after 20 weeks ... '' `` I do n't care to envision that , '' Mayberry said .
There were a couple of instances of legislators being rude to women witnesses . Sen. Missy Irvin ( R-Mountain View ) asked a nurse practitioner , Lori Williams , who was testifying against Rapert 's bill if , when a woman miscarried , whether doctors tested for fetal anomalies . Dissatisfied with Williams ' answer ( no ) to what seemed like a strange question , Irvin , a doctor 's wife , was dismissive , suggesting the witness was n't qualified to answer . In a hearing on Wilkins ' proposed insurance restriction , Victoria Leigh , a lawyer who plans to join the exchange and who was testifying against the bill as a consumer , could not understand a poorly worded question put to her by Mayberry and asked , `` I do n't understand . Am I missing something ? '' `` I think you 're probably missing quite a bit , but that 's OK , '' Mayberry responded , prompting Democratic Rep. Frederick Love to object and ask that legislators treat the witnesses with respect .
Julie Mayberry entreated the House committee to pass her husband 's bill with this pronouncement : `` A no vote on this bill says to me you value one person 's life over another . '' A yes vote would do the same .
3 . They believe women are neither smart nor moral enough to make their own health care decisions . Despite Cathey 's testimony that Mayberry 's bill would require women to endure the anguish of carrying to term fetuses with fatal defects , ob/gyn Dr. Richard Wyatt of the evangelical Cornerstone Clinic testified that it was good for `` ladies '' to do so . He told the committee that one of his patients whose fetus had such severe spina bifida that it had no brain wanted to have an abortion , but that he talked her out of it : `` With a little gentle counseling and guidance she elected to maintain her pregnancy . '' The baby lived `` 11 hours and 13 minutes and she cherished every minute , '' he said . Asked by Love if he would always counsel such women to deliver , Wyatt said , `` It 's best for she and certainly best for her baby . ''
In a phone call Tuesday , Wyatt said a fetus whose amniotic sac has burst and is being contracted by the uterine muscle — as Cathey described — does n't feel pain . He said he was answering for Mayberry .
Mayberry , who characterized his bill as addressing a `` moral dilemma , '' was also patronizing . Women who choose to have an abortion after 20 weeks `` would benefit from a lot of counseling , from someone sitting down and putting their arms around them and saying ' I love you and I love that child ' and hoping that person would make the right decision . '' He said there were `` instances where she might not be educated as to what life is and when it begins . ''
Mayberry would educate women with information provided by Dr. Emedio Novembre , an osteopath anesthesiologist who is a member of the Christian Medical and Dental Association , that the fetus has receptors needed to feel pain at 20 weeks . Novembre cites the research of Dr . Sunny Anand , formerly affiliated with the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences . Novembre did not mention that Anand , now a professor of pediatrics , anesthesiology , anatomy and neurobiology at the University of Tennessee Health Science Center , has said that , in some circumstances , he is pro-choice .
4 . Politics . In 2011 , with Democrats in the majority , 10 of 11 anti-abortion bills were defeated . Seven of them died in the House health committee . The committee 's chair , Rep. Linda Tyler , ran for the Senate last year and lost to Rapert .
Now , with Republicans in the majority , legislators who have taken a pro-choice stand in the past are caving in to the new Republican majority . The reasons they give to abortion rights supporters for throwing women under the bus is that they need to save up their chits for bigger issues , like Medicaid expansion . Others say they are pro-choice , but if they want to be re-elected to vote right on other progressive legislation , they 've got to vote against their inclinations .
The insurance exchange bill filed by Wilkins could ruin women financially , Sklar said , because they 'll have to pay out-of-pocket hospital and doctor charges that will run into the tens of thousands of dollars .
`` The sad thing about the exchange bill is that it will affect the most expensive abortions , performed on very sick women , women with babies with lethal fetal anomalies or the victims of rape or incest who 've been afraid to come forward — children mostly . '' The numbers will be small , but they exist .
Wilkins introduced the insurance bill in the 2011 legislative session as well ( it failed then ) , but he has been seen as someone who can be relied on to support exclusions for rape and incest . It was hoped he could persuade Mayberry to accept such exclusions as an amendment to his fetal pain bill , but in questioning by Wilkins , Mayberry was adamant that he would not accept such an amendment .
A few legislators have dared to speak against the bills . Democratic Sen. Linda Chesterfield spoke out in a Senate hearing on Rapert 's bill , saying `` I do n't want to go back to when women used kerosene and clothes hangers because they did n't have a choice , '' and Sen. Stephanie Flowers , in an exchange paralleling Leding 's with Mayberry , asked Rapert if he could imagine how women would feel if they were required to have a vaginal probe . `` No '' was Rapert 's answer . In an interview , the Times ' Max Brantley remarked on the invasiveness of the procedure . Rapert told him sex was invasive .
Leding gave an impassioned plea on the House floor Monday , saying , `` It is easier to sit in this room and push a button far removed from the hospital '' to decide a woman 's fate than to stand between her and her doctor .
`` This is not about elective procedures . So I will vote no today , not out of political ideology or lack of compassion or faith . I regard all life as precious but understand that life is complicated . ... I for one believe that agonizing decision should be left to the mother and father with their doctor and their God . ''
Sen. Rapert said Tuesday ( Feb. 5 ) that he would amend his bill to require only an external ultrasound for the bill . That would effectively push the date at which a woman could not get an abortion to 10 weeks gestation , which is still 15 weeks short of viability and thus still unconstitutional .
WASHINGTON – US forces have hit Islamic State group targets along Syria 's border with Turkey using a “ newly deployed ” mobile rocket system , American officials said Saturday .
A US Army High Mobility Artillery Rocket System ( HIMARS ) carried out a successful strike on Friday on a tactical unit and building belonging to the IS group , Major Josh Jacques , a spokesman for US Central Command , told AFP .
US President Barack Obama 's anti-Islamic State envoy Brett McGurk said on Twitter US forces hit the jihadist targets with the “ newly deployed ” system .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The detachment , which allows the United States to strike a target “ with a high degree of accuracy and a significantly greater range , ” was deployed to Turkey in support of the US-led anti-IS mission , Jacques said .
“ HIMARS is unique in reducing the potential collateral damage as it impacts a target at a high angle , has a relatively small blast radius for the effect achieved , and functions in all weather conditions , ” he said .
The US embassy in Ankara posted on Twitter that it was the “ latest step in US-Turkey cooperation in the fight against ISIL ( IS ) . ”
HIMARS has been used over several years in previous operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ The weapon system is incorporated into our normal deliberate ‎targeting cycle and has been for quite some time , ” Jacques said .
“ Precision strikes conducted by HIMARS are similar to the ( US-led anti-IS ) coalition 's precision airstrikes ; HIMARS is a complementary asset and involves US troops operating artillery from the soil of a NATO ally , ” he said .
Caroline Lucas : Budget is 'cruel and counterproductive '
8 July 2015
Caroline Lucas MP has labelled today 's emergency budget as ‘ cruel and counterproductive ' after the Chancellor announced deep cuts in welfare spending and failed to propose serious action on climate change .
Lucas said :
“ This cruel and counterproductive budget is dire news for people in Britain and a serious blow to the Government 's already stained record on climate change .
“ The welfare cuts announced today will plunge thousands of people in poverty , and cause families to be evicted from their homes . I 'm deeply concerned that my own constituents are set to face needless hardship as this Government continues its economically illiterate and utterly unjust mission to hack away at our welfare state and public services .
“ This Government 's ideological obsession with welfare cuts is gutting our social security system . It 's now vital that the Labour Party quickly rises from its post-election slumber and fulfils its job as the official opposition – giving in to the Tories on an issue like the benefits cap cut would be an utter betrayal of the many people in Britain who are struggling to get by . ”
Lucas labelled the budget as a ‘ serious blow ' for the fight against climate change .
`` There is an enourmous climate shaped hole in this budget . ”
“ Ministers know that climate change presents a huge threat to our economy and national security - not just to public health and our environment . Yet George Osborne has refused to change direction and , in axing the climate-change levy exemption for renewable electricity and committing to further funding for road building , he 's putting progress on climate change in jeopardy . We 've seen yet another example of reckless short-term policy making that prioritises the profits of polluters over the public interest in a safe and habitable climate . ''
Lucas has also cautiously welcomed the Chancellor 's promise to increase wages .
Inheritance tax needs ‘ radical overhaul '
Lucas is calling for a ‘ radical overhaul ' of inheritance tax policy so that levels of taxation depend on the wealth of the recipient , not the donor .
She said :
“ The plan to raise the inheritance tax threshold will , according to Treasury 's own analysis , benefit high income and wealthy households .
“ Only five constituencies in the entire country have average house prices above £1m – all of them in London . The rise in the threshold will benefit just the wealthiest , at a time when we 're seeing swingeing cuts to our welfare state .
“ Given that at present inheritance tax is one of the easiest taxes to both avoid and evade , and the very rich often find ways of paying very little –it 's clear we need to radically rethink the whole policy .
“ The level of the tax should depend on the wealth of the recipient , not the donor , so that , for example , all bequests to individual recipients who have less than around £200,000 should be tax free . This would encourage people to spread their wealth more widely . ”
Back to main news page
Unsent /un-sent/ 1 . To have failed so badly on a route you had previously climbed that you negate your redpoint . 2 . A humor column .
Chris Sharma is not a real rock climber . Too handsome .
There are a lot of gumbos * these days that call themselves rock climbers , but only climb in the gym . That 's bullshit . They 're not real rock climbers , and we all know it . Or are they ? They do ascend rock-like surfaces using only their strength and cunning to overcome gravity . But it 's not rock . It 's plastic . On the other hand , some of the world 's best competition climbers rarely touch real rock , and there 's no question that the ones that top the podium are climbers , right ? So let 's settle this once and for all . What 's actually rock climbing ?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Is gym climbing rock climbing ?
No . Obviously not . By the literal definition , gym climbers are not rock climbers . They 're plastic climbers . Real rocks are made out of rock , stone , and sometimes minerals . Rocks are never made of plastic . Anything that happens on plastic is a different sport entirely .
What about when I go to the crag with my friends and spend the afternoon toproping ?
You 're climbing on rocks , so it 's rock climbing , right ? Wrong ! If you 're not leading , you 're not rock climbing . All you 're doing is goofing off on a cliff . Think of it this way , if you can walk to the top , it 's not a real rock climb ( I 'm looking at you El Cap ) .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
I get it . Anything less than sport climbing is n't rock climbing .
Um , sport climbing ? That 's more of an oxymoron than gym climbing . True rock climbing does n't follow a dotted metal line up a cliff . It requires route finding . It does n't provide you with bomber bolts every five feet . You need to be bold and take responsibility for your own safety . Sport climbing is more like bungee jumping where you try not to fall . If you think that does n't make sense , you 're right .
You 're saying Chris Sharma and Sasha DiGiulian are n't rock climbers then .
Exactly . And furthermore , both of those people are too attractive and have too much money to be real rock climbers . They 're just athletic models that pose on the sides of cliffs . Real rock climbers are dirty . And homeless .
So you 're one of those elitists that thinks trad climbers are the only true climbers .
Wow . You think trad climbers are real climbers ? You know those cowards use ropes for protection , right ? Anyone can climb anything with the benefit of a rope . It 's basically aid climbing , which is also not climbing . Those Caldwell and Jorgeson clowns were only able to climb the Dawn Wall because they used ropes and spent over two weeks up there . I could climb the Dawn Wall with a rope . I 'd just hang for a day in between each move and do it over the course of two years . But that 's obviously not rock climbing . Not to mention that climbing El Cap is a waste of time anyway because you can just walk to the top ( see above ) .
I see . You 're saying that free soloing is the only pure form of climbing . I think that 's stupid , but at least I can understand the argument .
You do n't understand anything . Real climbing requires strength and gymnastic talent , as well as technical mastery . Free soloing is too easy . There 's nothing hanging from your harness weighing you down . You do n't need to build anchors . Free soloists are basically chimpanzees . Sure , they can get on top of a rock , but there 's nothing going on inside their heads . Real rock climbers understand engineering and physics . They know what fall factors and kilonewtons are . They spend a lot of money on shiny metal things that they hang on their harnesses . Then they take those shiny things and shove them in the rock . Free soloists are not climbers , and especially not Alex Honnold , because like Sharma , he 's way too handsome .
OK. What ? You just said that trad climbing is n't climbing because ropes are for cowards . Then you basically said free soloing is n't climbing because it 's not trad climbing .
Correct .
So the only true form of climbing is free soloing while placing gear and building anchors but not using either for protection ? You 're just sticking them in the rock for the hell of it , and if you fall , you die ?
Yes . Free solo trad requires all the boldness and technical prowess of true climbing .
What about bouldering ?
Bouldering is great .
* Spell check changed this and I 'm leaving it , and saying it from now on .
A utility lobbyist called on regulators to do less work monitoring greenhouse gas emissions . An oil and gas lobbyist praised the Trump administration 's retreat from safeguards and urged federal rulemakers to limit regulations on carbon emissions and smog . A lobbyist for wood-product manufacturers complained about the “ ever-tightening ” public health standards for ozone pollution and asked regulators to change the permitting process .
Those were just some of the requests made by industry advocates during a conference call Monday , when the Environmental Protection Agency held the first of several sessions to ask the public which rules should be eliminated under President Donald Trump 's executive order instructing agencies to slash regulations . The three-hour call , held by the Office of Air and Radiation , focused on clean air and ozone pollution rules .
In March , EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt announced plans to hold the public hearings , but environmental advocates say the agency scheduled the events with little notice , in some cases just days in advance .
“ New meetings appear on a website that the EPA has set up to coordinate the process , so unless you check it every day , it is easy to miss when a new hearing is announced , ” Andrew Wetzler , deputy chief program officer at the Natural Resources Defense Council , wrote in a blog post ahead of Monday 's call . “ All of this is made worse by the fact that EPA staff are offering only limited slots for in-person comments . In fact , some of the meetings are n't public at all . ”
Ron Sach-Pool via Getty Images President Donald Trump , left , is greeted by Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt , right , prior to signing an Energy Independence Executive Order on March 28 , 2017 . The order reverses the Obama-era climate change policies .
The EPA 's Office of Water , Wetzler noted , is offering an in-person meeting with local water agencies , but only offering a “ virtual listening session ” over the phone to the public .
“ And the deadline for the public to comment on rolling back all these crucial safeguards ? ” he added . “ It ends in a mere three weeks . ”
The EPA has already taken drastic steps to gut a host of rules , claiming they hold back businesses and stymie job growth . In March , the agency scrapped a rule requiring oil and gas drillers to report methane emissions , a greenhouse gas up to 86 times more heat-trapping than carbon dioxide . A week later , the White House shredded an Obama-era EPA assessment of fuel efficiency standards , a move celebrated by automakers that claimed complying with the regulation cost too much . By the end of the month , Trump signed an executive order instructing the EPA to rewrite the Clean Power Plan , the Obama administration 's embattled rule to reduce emissions from electrical utilities .
“ Regulations ought to make things regular , ” Pruitt said in his first speech as EPA chief in February . “ Regulations exist to give certainty to those they regulate . Those we regulate ought to know what 's expected of them so they can place and allocate resources to comply . ”
Based on Monday 's call , the regulated heard him loud and clear . Lobbyists and business proponents vastly outnumbered ordinary citizens on Monday 's teleconference . Environmental advocates , however , made a considerable turnout to urge the agency not to press ahead with its rollbacks .
A handful of ordinary citizens also spoke during the call , with each given a strictly enforced three-minute limit . One man , who said he lives in Austin , Texas , said that when he testified on behalf of the Clean Power Plan during Barack Obama 's presidency , people filled two conference rooms at the EPA 's Atlanta office for a full day .
I 'm horrified , absolutely horrified , at the degenerate level of contribution we 've seen from representatives from industry . A man who spoke during Monday 's public comment call
“ Out of that process came a very robust and very responsible regulation and now we 're being asked to roll it back , ” he said . “ These are people 's lives . These are my children 's lives . This is the future of the planet . We can not move backward on that . We need to have a strong , robust process , at least as robust as what we had in the past . ”
Another man slammed the agency for limiting the opportunities for public comment to a mere phone call on a weekday morning .
“ This process today has been extremely enlightening in how the new administration is completely curtailing and cutting out public comment by reducing this to a three-hour conference call on Monday , that no working person would be able to attend reasonably without being an activist in the space or a representative of a major corporate interest , ” the man said , adding that his background is in economics . “ This is not really fair and should be outright illegal . ”
“ I 'm horrified , absolutely horrified , at the degenerate level of contribution we 've seen from representatives from industry who have seemingly no concern for the massive , sweeping deleterious effects that are about to be suffered nationwide , should this repeal happen the way it is about to happen , ” he added .
( JTA ) — Responding to a rising number of interfaith families , Conservative synagogues will be voting on a measure from their umbrella body that would allow congregations to admit non-Jews as members .
Currently , the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism 's Standards for Congregational Practice restrict synagogue membership to Jews . But the new language , which congregations will vote on in March , would allow individual congregations to decide whether to grant membership to non-Jews .
“ USCJ supports every affiliated kehillah in developing its own criteria for membership , ” the proposed language reads , using a Hebrew word for “ congregation . ”
The proposed resolution grew out of a commission set up last March to explore ways to engage intermarried couples .
The official description of the new by-law says , “ We celebrate the diversity among and within our kehillot and encourage the engagement of all those who seek a spiritual and communal home in an authentic and dynamic Jewish setting . We call on all of our kehillot to open their doors wide to all who want to enter . ”
Rabbi Steven Wernick , United Synagogue 's CEO , told JTA on Friday that the current standards do n't make sense in a world where many intermarried couples are active participants in Conservative congregations . The new by-law , he said , is meant to separate between the communal matter of synagogue membership and the Jewish legal question of who is a Jew .
This does not change the Conservative definition of who counts as Jewish , he said . That matter remains the purview of the movement 's Jewish legal authorities , including the Rabbinical Assembly 's Committee on Jewish Law and Standards . Currently , the Conservative movement considers only someone who was born of a Jewish mother or who has converted to be Jewish .
“ The language of ‘ only Jews can be members of a synagogue ' makes it seem like a non-Jew who is connected is not a member of that community , ” Wernick said . “ What we 're trying to do with this is distinguished between community and covenant . ”
The proposed by-law is the latest way in which the Conservative movement , which strives to remain loyal to Jewish law while embracing change , is grappling with rising rates of intermarriage among American Jews . The more liberal Reform movement welcomes intermarried couples in its congregations , while the Orthodox movement , citing Jewish law , does not .
The Conservative movement prohibits its rabbis from marrying or attending the nuptials of interfaith couples , though some of its synagogues celebrate intermarriages before they occur and welcome the couples afterward . In recent years , several Conservative rabbis have protested the intermarriage prohibition .
“ I understand and I 'm very sensitive and respectful to the anxiety about the domino effect , ” Wernick said . “ We 're living in a moment when paradigms are shifting , so the anxiety is very real , and the questions that come out of these paradigm shifts are also very real . Our job is to frame the questions and help our network navigate through this moment in history . ”
Wernick said that many non-Jews are already de facto members of Conservative synagogues because their families have paid dues for family memberships . He dismissed the idea that this change would open the door to non-Jewish presidents of congregations , as it would n't make sense for a non-Jew to want to lead a synagogue . But there are no plans , as of now , to pass a by-law formally restricting synagogue leadership positions to Jews .
“ It 's a false premise that non-Jews are lining up to take significant roles within our synagogue and that the leaders of synagogues are eager to have non-Jews take on leadership roles , ” he said .
The change has been endorsed by the major Conservative institutions in the United States , including the Rabbinical Assembly , the Jewish Theological Seminary and the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies .
“ Our communities can and must grow stronger , and diversity within and among them will help to make them so , ” wrote JTS Chancellor Arnie Eisen in a December endorsement letter . “ Our fulfillment of the age-old covenant binding Jews to one another , to the world and to God , must be faithful to what sets us apart — and bold in bringing our tradition to bear in altered circumstances . ”
Lorenzo Semple Jr. , who created the “ Batman ” television series that epitomized 1960s camp and went on to write a string of hit films that included “ The Parallax View , ” “ Three Days of the Condor , ” “ King Kong ” and “ Never Say Never Again , ” has died . He was 91 .
Semple 's daughter , Maria Semple , told TheWrap he died Friday morning . She has written for shows including “ Saturday Night Live ” and “ Arrested Development. ” She also authored the bestselling novel “ Where 'd You Go , Bernadette . ”
See photos : Hollywood 's Notable Deaths of 2014
Her father kept his sense of humor until the end , telling the Writers Guild Foundation in an interview posted last year that he became a writer because he did n't want a job . He said he saw how well his uncle , playwright Philip Barry ( “ The Philadelphia Story ” ) , was able to live from writing .
“ I had no interest in saying anything , ever , ” he said . “ I still do n't . … I did not want a job . I 've never had a job . And I would n't consider taking a job . ”
See photos : Hollywood 's Notable Deaths of 2013
“ Batman , ” which debuted in 1966 , cleverly balanced heroics with comedy , bringing to life the fun of comic books with outlandish costumes , dizzying music , and “ Bang ! Pow ! ” fight sequences .
Adults could appreciate the camp . Kids could take the show at face value . Semple 's Gotham was a brightly colored world full of cackling Jokers and Riddlers , three different purring Catwomen , holy exclamations , and constant cliffhangers . Viewers were commanded to tune in again to see if the dynamic duo of Batman and Robin would survive — same Bat-time , same Bat-channel .
“ I think ‘ Batman ' in general was the best thing I ever wrote… extremely witty , genuinely witty on two levels . Very sophisticated for those who got it . And kids liked it too for the stupid fights and all that stuff , ” he told the foundation .
Also read : ‘ Homeland ' Actor James Rebhorn Writes Touching Obituary — to Himself
He won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Screenplay for the 1968 cult hit “ Pretty Poison. ” His run of 1970s hits included “ Papillon , ” the remake of “ King Kong , ” “ The Parallax View , ” and “ Three Days of the Condor. ” He was fired from “ Condor ” over creative differences but said he did n't mind , and that the movie came out well .
He returned to camp for “ Flash Gordon , ” a funky , flashy update on the film serial set to the gloriously bombastic music of Queen .
Later he wrote Sean Connery ‘ s comeback as James Bond , 1983 's “ Never Say Never Again , ” though legal issues prevented the film from using some of Bond 's most famous trademarks .
Despite his success , he called filmmaking “ an abominable business , ” and advised writers not to go into it . He said he grew weary of constant meetings , and that screenwriting is “ a craft , rather than an art . ”
“ If Fox called me up tomorrow and said , ‘ Any script you write , we will greenlight , I would say no thank you , ” he told the foundation .
He said the cliche that writers live in fear of the blank page was wrong — and that the blank page was the best part of the process .
“ It will go down steadily from the blank page , to be sure , ” he said .
Also read : Harold Ramis , Comedy Great Behind ‘ Caddyshack , ' ‘ Ghostbusters ' and ‘ Groundhog Day , ' Dead at 69
Katie Buckland , executive director of the Writers Guild Foundation , said it was extremely lucky to sit down with Semple and preserve his story .
“ His films have been so integral to American pop culture , ” Buckland said . “ More than that , though , they 're watchable and rewatchable on such a visceral , intimate level . Sit down with ‘ Three Days of the Condor ' and see what it does to your blood pressure and adrenaline . Turn on ‘ Flash Gordon ' and see how long it takes you to start smiling . ”
She went on to say that “ Semple 's work is everything great scripts , and great movies , should be : Gripping stories that glue you to your chair and stay with you long after you 've experienced them . ”
Semple was born in the wealthy New York City suburb of Mt . Kisco . His parents were businesspeople with a love of theater . He attended Yale , and in 1941 drove an ambulance for the French in the Middle East — “ just really for adventure , ” he told the foundation , “ although my father said afterwards it was to get away from my tailor bills. ” Later he was drafted into the U.S. Army and fought in World War II .
After the war he finished his studies at Columbia and sold stories to magazines like the Saturday Evening Post . He also wrote two Broadway plays , 1955 's “ Tonight in Samarkand ” and 1959 's “ The Golden Fleecing. ” His first TV show was the serialized “ The Alcoa Hour , ” which began in 1955 .
When he was offered the chance to write “ Batman , ” he said , he was by no stretch a comic book fan . But the show was an instant hit , and he wrote and re-wrote scripts by mail while living with his family in Spain .
He later served on the Board of Governors of the Motion Picture Academy . From 1984 to 1990 , he taught graduate screenwriting at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts . Among his students were Frank Pugliese , John Collier , Susan Cartsonis , Stan Seidel and John Fusco .
In 2007 , he and longtime friend Marcia Nasatir became YouTube sensations reviewing films as “ The Reel Geezers. ” They were introduced by film critic Pauline Kael .
In 2008 , the Writers Guild named him a Living Legend .
Besides his daughter Maria , he is survived by his wife Joyce , children Johanna Herwitz and Lorenzo Semple III , and six grandchildren .
Watch the Writers Guild Foundation interview :
The isolation of remote islands has , until recently , afforded protection from most human activities . However , society 's increasing desire for plastic products has resulted in plastic becoming ubiquitous in the marine environment , where it persists for decades . We provide a comprehensive analysis of the quantity and source of beach-washed plastic debris on one of the world 's remotest islands . The density of debris was the highest recorded anywhere in the world , suggesting that remote islands close to oceanic plastic accumulation zones act as important sinks for some of the waste accumulated in these areas . As global plastic production continues to increase exponentially , it will further impact the exceptional natural beauty and biodiversity for which remote islands have been recognized .
Abstract
In just over half a century plastic products have revolutionized human society and have infiltrated terrestrial and marine environments in every corner of the globe . The hazard plastic debris poses to biodiversity is well established , but mitigation and planning are often hampered by a lack of quantitative data on accumulation patterns . Here we document the amount of debris and rate of accumulation on Henderson Island , a remote , uninhabited island in the South Pacific . The density of debris was the highest reported anywhere in the world , up to 671.6 items/m2 ( mean ± SD : 239.4 ± 347.3 items/m2 ) on the surface of the beaches . Approximately 68 % of debris ( up to 4,496.9 pieces/m2 ) on the beach was buried < 10 cm in the sediment . An estimated 37.7 million debris items weighing a total of 17.6 tons are currently present on Henderson , with up to 26.8 new items/m accumulating daily . Rarely visited by humans , Henderson Island and other remote islands may be sinks for some of the world 's increasing volume of waste .
I played around with the first public alpha release of Warhammer 40,000 : Inquisitor – Martyr that developer Neocore Games put out in February , and it was interesting , but also very bare-bones . Today the studio announced the release of the alpha 2.0 update , which balances classes and gameplay , adds new items and features , and upgrades the game 's visual quality . Naturally , all of that calls for a new trailer , and so here you go .
The list of changes in the new version is as follows :
Better performance
The introduction of the Tier system with the first Tier end content
Enhanced and more useful GUI panels
Rebalanced missions and monsters
Rebalanced skills for both current classes
Class-specific perks and passive skills for the Assassin Inquisitor
Revised render pipeline , improved lightning , more props , improved graphics quality
More level scripts on missions
New Investigation modules
Usable mixed weapon sets
New two-handed weapons for the Assassin Inquisitor
Inquisitor – Martyr 's `` base gameplay '' is now nearly finished and the bulk of its future effort will go toward adding new content and features , and optimizing its performance , Neocore said . `` Ever since the first day of the Founding we received numerous feedback about the alpha build of Warhammer 40,000 : Inquisitor - Martyr . Since then , the game has expanded significantly , more and more features were added or altered according to your experiences with them . ''
The Warhammer 40,000 : Inquisitor – Martyr alpha is available for purchases in packs ranging from $ 40 to $ 1000 ( yes , seriously ) , but Neocore warned—as it did ahead of the release of the initial alpha—that it 's not for everyone . `` Before purchasing the game during The Founding period , please note that Warhammer 40,000 : Inquisitor – Martyr is currently an alpha build with many of its features currently under development , some of which will only be available in the final release , '' the store page says . `` Read the FAQ carefully before fully committing to acquiring the game . ''
Warhammer 40,000 : Inquisitor – Martyr is currently slated to come out later this year .
2016 Ember Community Survey
2015 was an incredible year to be a web developer , and great year to be building an Ember app .
Ember 2.0 landed in August , and with it came the first major shift in application architecture since Ember left its SproutCore roots . The Ember-CLI team made massive improvements to the speed and quality of our build tooling several times over , all while continuing to be the foundation for a growing addon community now topping 2000 projects . Ember-Data stabilized its public API for the first time in the project 's history , and continues to contend for the title of most complete client-side JavaScript data layer .
Other projects , under the official umbrella and outside it , continue to innovate and mature .
With 2015 in the rear-view mirror , we should take a moment to check our assumptions about who is in the Ember community and how they work with the framework . To that end , we 're pleased to announce the official 2016 Ember Community Survey !
Survey Landing Page
Completing the survey should take about fifteen minutes . We will be accepting submissions until March 21st .
Please help us spread the word by sharing the above link on your social network feeds , at meetups and around your office and other communities .
With your answers ( all anonymous ) , we will create some visuals and write up our insights to share at EmberConf 2016 ( March 29th-30th ) . If you have any immediate questions , feel free to email Ryan ( @ RyanLaBouve ) and Matthew ( @ mixonic ) via survey @ 201-created.com .
We look forward to your participation !
Lack of quality , especially in regards to flow and other gameplay-related mechanics . There are plenty of misleading patterns , sharp angles , messy structures , and incorrect beat placement found throughout the difficulty . Incorrect timing signature , 03:23:440 - should be set to 3/4 , not to 4/4 . Incorrectly snapped objects . 04:50:486 ( 2,3,4,1,2,3,4,5,6 ) - is not in 1/3 , rather it is 1/2
00:55:569 ( 1,2,3,4 ) - Really poor flow , coupled with a lack of basis in the music calls for a very sharp play that is very unnatural . The angles that are presented here are too harsh when taking the surrounding patterns into consideration . 00:57:319 ( 5,1 ) - Wildly inconsistent spacing . There are plenty of instances where spacing manipulation is abused to either fit the pattern or ignore musical cues . Please go through the difficulty and iron out any areas where the beat placement can be improved . 00:59:569 ( 1,2,4,5 ) - These overlapping patterns make things hard to read due to the rotating nature of the play . This can be very misleading , as 00:59:944 ( 4,5 ) - can be obscured when they appear , further worsened by the fact the player has to move outwards to 00:59:819 ( 3 ) - . 01:06:069 ( 4,5,1,2 ) - Due to the flow and the way the pattern is set up , it is easy for the player to get lost here . The sharp change in direction does n't help either . Try to make each note more noticeable by unstacking or supply flow so the play is more natural . 01:10:569 ( 1,1 ) - This pause is incredibly awkward due to the extreme momentum the previous pattern gave off . Needs to be spaced out further , not to mention the streams kill the momentum even more . 01:25:819 ( 1,2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3 ) - Awkward stream pattern . This can be executed better by decreasing the spacing between the jumps , especially between 01:26:194 ( 3,1 ) - 01:28:819 ( 1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4 ) - While this is a pretty pattern , it kills virtually all the momentum from the previous streams , thus making 01:29:819 ( 1,2,1 ) - extremely difficult to maneuver 02:00:069 ( 1,2,3,4,5,1,2,1,2,3,4 ) - Heavy spacing inconsistencies . Things like this can be found throughout the difficulty 04:31:526 ( 1,2,3,4 ) - Strange anti-jump that appears out of nowhere , killing the momentum from the previous play making the next pattern more awkward 04:38:006 ( 2,3,4,5,1,2,1 ) - Strange spacing increase for pretty much the same rhythms as before 04:56:006 ( 1,2,3,4,1 ) - Sudden spacing decrease for the same rhythm as 04:52:166 ( 1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,5,1 ) - 05:00:326 ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) - The upward and downward motions here creates a sort of movement that is very awkward when taken into account the movement upwards , the movement to the side and downwards , followed by the movement back upwards
Howdy ! On behalf on the QAT , I must disqualify this beatmap for the following reasons : The QAT has found this map to not be suitable for the ranked status at this time . This is largely due to the heavy amounts of inconsistent gameplay mechanics the mapper has utilized . While the song is erratic in nature , this does not excuse the various issues this difficulty presents . Below are examples of specific problems that are found throughout the map , please use them to help fix the problems and to avoid any future disqualifications . [ Blind Faith ] In conclusion , the QAT is not satisfied with the quality of this beatmap . Please take into account all that has been said here , apply it to improve the set as a whole . What has been pointed out are , and not every single instance of areas that require changing . The BNG will handle the requalification of this beatmap . Good luck ! If you would like to contest this disqualification , please click here # # # CM
Apple TV has entered its final form .
The company announced an all-inclusive ‘ TV ' app during a special event on Thursday . There were clues — like Tim Cook 's wink toward TV during a shareholder 's call on Tuesday — that something big was coming , and now we know what it is . The app will run on all iOS devices , like iPads and iPhones , as well as tvOS devices , like Apple TV 's classic set-top box , bringing every aspect of TV consumption , including live broadcasts , under one user-friendly umbrella .
“ We want Apple TV to be the one place to access all of your television , a unified TV experience that 's one place to access all of your tv shows , and movies ; one place to discover great new content to watch , ” CEO Tim Cook said during the event . “ So today , we 're announcing a new app , and we simply call it , TV . ”
Similar to the Apple Newstand app , TV will bring all of the ways you watch television into one system . After authenticating your various subscriptions , like HBO Go or your cable package , TV will keep everything signed in and ready , completely integrated with Siri and in a seamless format .
`` We simply call it ... TV . ''
“ It will completely change how you watch TV with your Apple TV , as well as your iPhone and iPad , ” Cook said . “ Now with the TV app , there 's really no reason to watch TV anywhere else . ”
If you already have an Apple TV box , the TV app will run right on the existing infrastructure , but eliminate the need for any other hardware in your home . You 'll still need subscriptions to the services you want to use , but the sleek rectangle will be the only thing you need in your TV cabinet . For the first time , this includes live broadcasts as well — linking up a cable TV subscription will allow you to directly stream sports through Apple TV .
Football and everything .
Essentially , this is Apple 's final step in a year-long plan to consolidate and dominate every aspect of TV consumption . It 's also a cut above its competitors , like Amazon , Hulu , and Roku , which only offer limited viewing options , and ca n't consolidate some of the outside streaming services ( like live TV ) into their programming . It 's clear Apple is n't going away anytime soon .
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
Cook hinted at Apple 's plans to revolutionize TV consumption during the company 's shareholder earning 's call on Tuesday , so there 's a definite possibility that Apple TV might not be the company 's last bomb to drop .
“ I would confirm that television has intense interest with me and with many other people here , ” Cook said . “ In terms of owning content and creating content , we have started with focusing on some original content . As you point out , we 've got a few things going there that we 've talked about , and I think it 's a great opportunity for us , both from a creation point of view and an ownership point of view . It is an area that we 're focused on . ”
In other words , the app is the first step , but Cook could be saying that Apple TV will eventually start creating original content , bringing the service up to par with Netflix , Amazon , and Hulu .
Cook said the app will be released through a free software update to iOS and tvOS devices by the end of this year .
This story is developing .
10 . Rangers - Carebear
“ We wo n't do anything for , but rather with the people of Nunavik ''
By SARAH ROGERS
Luc Ferland , the Parti Québécois MNA for Ungava , says he 's in it for the long haul .
Nunavik 's representative in Quebec 's national assembly since 2007 is looking for another mandate April 7 , when Quebeckers return to the polls to elect a new provincial government .
And Ferland says he 's confident that his party 's approach to the North will earn him his seat for a fourth time .
The previous Liberal government 's Plan Nord , launched in 2011 , “ had a lot to do with exploration and mining projects in the region , ” Ferland said . “ There was n't much more than that — construction of roads to access those projects .
“ When we created Le Nord Pour Tous , it was more than just a name change , it was a change in approach to engage the communities , ” he said .
And when Ferland spoke to the leaders of Aboriginal communities in the riding — both Inuit and Cree — he said he understood that most communities felt they lacked access to tools like training and other tools to prepare them to receive the economic benefits of resource development on their territory .
That 's why the PQ government created a secretariat of northern development , including a seat for Nunavik , so Inuit could have a voice on what happens on their territory .
“ And that 's what we 'll continue to do , ” Ferland told Nunatsiaq News . “ We wo n't do anything for , but rather with the people of Nunavik . ”
Plan Nunavik , a home-grown blueprint for development in the region , which will be expanded on with recent Parnasimautik consultations , will remain a reference guide for a PQ government as it maps it future .
But Ferland admits he has n't had time to accomplish much during his last mandate : the PQ government was in power for less than 19 months before Premier Pauline Marois called the April 7 election .
On Sept. 4 , 2012 , Ferland won 4,854 votes of the 10,882 casts , or 44 per cent of the vote . He joined 53 other PQ MNAs who formed Quebec 's PQ minority government .
Since then , Ferland said his government pushed hard to have the federal government fulfill it housing obligations to the region , calling on Ottawa to pay for a catch-up program to build enough housing in Nunavik to end its housing crisis .
Ferland said the PQ government has also made a real effort to cut back on the high cost of living in the region by more than doubling Nunavik 's subsidies for the next three years .
But some of the PQ 's moves have raised issues considered controversial by many Quebeckers , including its proposed “ Charter of values , ” which calls for religious neutrality among public employees .
Ferland is clear that the bill “ does not touch First Nations or Inuit ” in Quebec .
“ This is project ot integrate newcomers to Quebec , ” he said . “ Aboriginal peoples were the first to arrive here . ”
When asked about the PQ government 's plans for sovereignty should it win a majority government April 7 , Ferland said the current election campaign is not to determine whether or not the government will hold a third referendum .
“ The question of sovereignty took a lot of place in the beginning of the campaign , ” he said . “ But it 's not on the table right now . ”
Ferland acknowledged that sovereignty is not popular with many Aboriginal communities .
“ But if we win a majority… that would require a Quebec-wide discussion about how [ a referendum ] would happen , ” he said . “ And we would consult with all Quebeckers , including Inuit . ”
In Ungava , Ferland is running against the Liberal 's Jean Boucher and the Coalition Avenir Québec 's Michael Cameron .
Looking back , it seems so obvious . We should have seen The Emoji Movie 's utter awfulness coming . But as with so many other things in 2017 , hindsight is not so much 20/20 as a giant regret generator .
All the signs were there . First there was the announcement at CinemaCon in 2016 : Sony was going to release a movie set in the world of smartphone apps and emojis , which the studio viewed as not just something the youths would like ( because they are obsessed with their phones , doncha know ) but also as a great opportunity to rake in the product placement — excuse me , partner — bucks from apps that would appear in the film .
Rating vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark vox-mark
Then there was what seems to have been a short-lived attempt to name the film Emojimovie : Express Yourself , because , as Sony Pictures Animation president Kristine Belson put it in a press release , “ The power of emojis is that they allow you to express yourself in a fast and very fun way , and that is what our movie is about : self expression. ” ( This title was mercifully abandoned somewhere along the way for the simpler , less eyestabby The Emoji Movie . )
After that , there was a bit of a lull , punctuated only by occasional reminders of the movie 's impending arrival via movie posters , trailers , and the announcement in January that the great Sir Patrick Stewart would be voicing the Poo emoji . That announcement boded well for the film , and briefly I thought it might turn out okay after all , or at least pretty self-aware .
Maybe like last summer 's Sausage Party , it would mix some interesting social critique into its animated entertainment — goodness knows that a movie about the changing ways we communicate with our phones had plenty of opportunities to serve up a little bit of good alongside mostly fluffy entertainment .
But then on Monday , the official Emoji Movie Twitter account tweeted a new ad that one can only assume that someone at Sony thought would be quirky and hip :
Using The Handmaid 's Tale — a serious work of fiction and a recent , highly regarded Hulu TV show about a dystopian society in which women are ritually raped — as a lighthearted marketing peg was a pretty good indication that The Emoji Movie was n't going to be self-aware and clever and thoughtful .
Most likely , it was going to be a garbage fire . And now that I 've seen it , I can confirm that suspicion : The Emoji Movie is a waste of time , resources , and a bunch of comedians ' voices , plus a premise that actually had the potential to do some small good in the world . It 's less of a movie and more of an insult .
The Emoji Movie is heavy on product placement , light on story
Still , as a critic , you walk into every movie — even the ones you 're pretty sure are going to stink up the joint — with a sense of hope and willingness to be amazed . And The Emoji Movie , friends , is certainly amazing .
It 's amazing that we can put a man on the moon but movies like this still somehow get made . It 's amazing that with all that partner money , Sony could n't pay for a better script , with better lines of humorous dialogue to be delivered by the emojis than , “ Throw some sauce on that dance burrito ! ”
It 's amazing — or maybe it is n't — that in addition to its poorly conceived Handmaid 's Tale stunt , the filmmakers saw fit to have a character sing , “ Nobody knows the touch screens I 've seen / Nobody knows the screenshots , ” while sitting atop a pile of trash , to the tune of “ Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Seen , ” a spiritual written by slaves to bolster their spirits while toiling in the pre-Emancipation American South .
It 's amazing to witness the baldly commercial attempt to shove as many recognizable apps as possible into The Emoji Movie 's sad excuse for a plot : Crackle ( owned by Sony ) , WeChat ( hugely popular in China , where this movie is aiming to make a killing ) , Facebook , YouTube , Instagram , Twitter , and Dropbox all make appearances , with Dropbox in particular representing a kind of heaven that some of the emojis are trying to reach . And there are two whole sequences that add nothing whatsoever to the story but suggest that King and Ubisoft — the makers of the apps Candy Crush and Just Dance , respectively — paid handsomely for their inclusion in the film .
But ... about that story . The emojis all live in Textopolis , located within a ( brandless ) smartphone owned by a high school freshman named Alex . In Textopolis , everyone has one function and one function only ; the smiles smile , the crying faces cry , the Christmas trees stand still and look Christmassy , the princesses talk about being pretty , and the sushi just ... sits around getting warm , I guess ( as does the eggplant , in case you were curious ) .
Each day , the emoji report to work and wait in their designated box on a big grid to be tapped by Alex for his communication needs . And they love it . They are part of what the movie unironically declares is “ the most important invention in the history of communication. ” ( A brief scene in which a high school teacher is lecturing on hieroglyphics seems to contradict this , but who 's counting . )
But one emoji in particular is having a tough time with being confined to both a literal and a figurative box : Gene ( voiced by T.J. Miller ) , a “ meh ” emoji and the son of Mel and Mary Meh . Gene ca n't stick to just one expression . He wants to smile and frown and sometimes have heart eyes . He wants to express himself ! But he 's so worried he 'll mess up that on his first day at work , he freaks out when Alex selects him and ends up appearing as a weird , distorted face .
Aha ! He 's been found out as a “ malfunction , ” and the emoji head honcho , Smiler ( Maya Rudolph ) — who runs things because she was the very first emoji — starts the proceedings to delete Gene entirely , with a massive sinister grin pasted across her face the whole time . ( That 's Smiler up there in the ill-conceived “ Emoji 's Tale ” ad , by the way . The metaphor does not work . )
Trying to figure out what to do , Gene teams up with Hi-5 ( James Corden ) , who has recently been downgraded from the VIP “ favorites ” section of Alex 's keyboard and is pretty sore about it . Hi-5 is certain there 's a way to save Gene and maybe sneakily upgrade his own status in the phone 's universe : They must find a mysterious hacker they call Jailbreak ( Anna Faris ) .
But that requires leaving Textopolis and venturing out into the wide world of apps on Alex 's phone . And it 's dangerous out there .
The Emoji Movie wants to be a Pixar movie . It lacks the elements that make Pixar movies work .
The visualization of Alex 's phone 's world is the film 's high point , by a long shot . ( If you were expecting its high point to be Sir Patrick Stewart as Poo , you will be disappointed ; he has maybe six lines in the whole movie , all quips . ) It vaguely recalls the parts of Inside Out in which the emotions ( and Bing Bong ) are traversing Riley 's subconscious mind , a landscape filled with set pieces that have to be visually interesting because there 's nothing concrete to draw on .
But Inside Out knew that the purpose of set pieces is to advance the plot . In The Emoji Movie , the purpose of set pieces is to have a place to make use of app developers ' partnership money — and it shows in the shoddy storytelling . If you cropped out those set piece scenes , you 'd have pretty much the same film .
And they 're not even funny . Two big scenes into Gene , Jailbreak , and Hi-5 's journey , a little girl sitting behind me said , “ Mommy , I want to go home now . ”
The Emoji Movie 's director and co-writer , Tony Leondis , seems to admire Pixar 's films greatly ; in addition to the Inside Out resonances , he 's said in interviews that he took inspiration from Toy Story . “ That 's really what I was thinking , ‘ What is the new toy out there that has n't been explored ? ' ” he told ScreenRant . “ And I looked down on my phone and someone had sent me an emoji , and I was like , ‘ Emojis are the new toys — they 're the toys of the 21st century . ' ”
Eh , slow down there , Tony . What made Toy Story — which has plenty of product placement of its own — so wonderful was that it was , in essence , a story about the toys ' owners , which includes both the film 's Andy and us out in the audience . It was about growing older and finding your way , and about imagination . Buzz Lightyear is a great counterpoint to Woody in the film because he is new and clueless , and the drama in the original film and its two wonderful sequels comes from seeing how the micro-drama of the toys is actually just a reflection of Andy 's journey as he grows older .
Seeing The Emoji Movie is a vote for less imagination , more advertising aimed at kids
The Emoji Movie keeps the “ fun stuff kids play with ” part of Toy Story and ditches all of its humanity . There 's no drama here . It 's hard to care what happens to Gene Meh ( even making him a “ meh ” seems like a weirdly easy gim me for critics ) , though a more disciplined screenplay could have trotted out the tired but still accurate children 's movie sentiment about always being true to yourself .
It also could have taken Jailbreak 's storyline and fleshed it out , rather than giving her about three eye-rolling , performatively feminist lines that seem spliced in to ward off anyone who brings up the sexist history of emojis . ( And commentary on that history is sloppily integrated in the film ; Jailbreak repeatedly corrects Hi-5 about his outdated stereotypes regarding her variety of emoji , only to reinforce the very same stereotype in the film 's climactic scene . )
Or it could have noticed that its target audience — kids who have access to phones at earlier and earlier ages — might benefit from a movie that makes them think a little about whether they should always be staring at little screens .
Instead , it 's a pointless romp with lousy dialogue that fails to even be fun , though it does begin to approach so-bad-it's-good territory . There was plenty of laughter at my screening , but of the laughing-at , not laughing-with variety . The Emoji Movie 's grand contribution to our world , alas , will be a new dance called the “ Emoji-Pop , '' or possible the `` Emoji-Bop , '' in which you do whatever you want with your legs to loud club music while putting your hands up to your face repeatedly , in a kind of hellish game of peek-a-boo , with a new expression every time you take your hands away .
( The movie also suggests you can delete “ trolls ” in the same manner in which you delete emails , apps , and apparently emojis ; would that it twere so simple . )
And that 's all in addition to the movie 's lousy , constant product placement , which is its worst attribute by far . If you do n't believe me , consider this : Our heroes are being chased by destroyer bots ( it 's a long story ) through the phone 's landscape and then , finally , they reach the much-touted Dropbox icon and run through the wall , where at last they will be safe . The bot follows them but bounces against the wall . Gene asks if the bot will be able to break into the app . “ Do n't worry , it ca n't get in , ” Jailbreak reassures him . “ It 's illegal malware , and this app is secure ! ”
Presented with such a stinking pile of poo , what can you possibly do ? You ca n't review it in all emojis — that 's too easy . You ca n't explore its interesting ideas about children , phones , language , and communication , because it does n't have any . You ca n't even fully describe in words , or emojis , the frustration of seeing money blithely poured into a film that 's one massive , uncritical ad for something nearly everyone in the theater already owns , dressed up as family-friendly entertainment .
All there 's left to say is that giving money to a movie like this is only going to encourage more like it . So please : Do n't do it . Stay home . Watch literally anything else . And maybe put down your phone .
The Emoji Movie opens in theaters on July 28 .
This article has been corrected to accurately reflect the name of the emojis ' hometown . It is Textopolis .
The March 11 disaster has brought with it yet another unwelcome side effect – an uptick in cybercrime .
Since the earthquake , tsunami and nuclear crisis , members of the public have been receiving virus-infected emails supposedly with information about the disaster , but which are actually being used to steal information . Some of the emails merely claim to be from government bodies , while others are sophisticated enough to look like they 've been sent from government email accounts .
It 's not clear where exactly these emails are originating – some have used Chinese and South Korean access points , for example . But regardless , it 's essential that the government properly utilizes a new cybercriminal law to crack down on the problem , while promoting cooperation with the international community .
The new law is overdue . Up until the middle of July , Japan had no legislation for punishing those who create or keep computer viruses without good reason , which prevented Tokyo from actually joining the Convention of Cybercrime – the first international treaty on the issue – despite it having signed up in 2001 .
The new also law covers emails containing obscene photographs , a move which is another requirement of Convention membership , and Tokyo is now making preparations for joining the international framework .
Under the new law , the maximum penalty for creating and distributing viruses is three years imprisonment or a fine of up to 500,000 yen . The maximum penalty for sending emails containing pornographic images is two years imprisonment or a fine of up to 2,500,000 yen .
Yet it 's not clear exactly how the law will be applied . For example , as it is currently written , the legislation allows the authorities to simply seize data from internet service providers . ‘ This law leaves considerable discretion with the police . There 's no system of checks to prevent investigations from extending beyond the immediate charge , ' says Yamashita Yukio , chief secretary of the Japan Federation of Bar Association 's Committee on International Criminal Law Legislation .
The reality is that the number of cybercrimes has been skyrocketing in Japan . According to the National Police Agency ( NPA ) , the number of such crimes increased from 3,161 in 2005 to 6,999 in 2010 . And , since the earthquake and nuclear crisis , cybercrimes against both the private and public sectors have been proliferating . Trend Micro , for example , hasnoted that many companies have been receiving infected emails with subject headings including references to the earthquake , tsunami , nuclear reactor , energy saving , and the safety of families . Meanwhile , there have also been reports of cyber gangs targeting disaster victims by sending out infected emails supposedly about the risk of radiation exposure and information on evacuation areas .
But it 's not just members of the public who have been targeted – the NPA has reportedly received 24 malicious emails aimed at stealing classified information since May . The announcement marks the first time that the NPA has actually admitted being targeted , but it was quick to add that as none of the messages were actually opened , no sensitive information was leaked .
According to reports , all the subject headings of infected emails sent to the NPA were related to government plans , such as ‘ Information Sharing : English information on the earthquake and tsunami . ' Some apparently also faked classification codes used by the Cabinet Office for its email messages .
An NPA analysis revealed that a half of the emails used access points in China , while two used South Korea . The others apparently could n't be traced . The police believe that most of the emails have been sent by Chinese ( 90 percent of malicious emails sent last year originated in China ) although some may also have been sent from Japan and South Korea . Most of the senders impersonated Foreign Ministry and Coast Guard officials . One of them even used the real email address of a MOFA official .
Japanese are understandably distracted by the ongoing recovery from the March disaster . Yet although the physical impact has inevitably received most attention in the media , the impact of cyber-attacks can be devastating for the public and officials alike . If adequate countermeasures are n't introduced , cyber criminals will continue to try to exploit disasters . At the same time , the government must address questions over the way the new law will be applied , and be willing to collaborate with international authorities to make full use of the Convention on Cybercrime .
Mihoko Matsubara is a resident SPF research fellow at Pacific Forum CSIS
Image caption It is alleged the gold was processed into ingots
A major Swiss gold refiner is being investigated on suspicion of money laundering linked to the processing of gold allegedly looted from DR Congo .
Swiss federal prosecutors confirmed criminal proceedings against Argor-Heraeus SA , over claims it knew gold it handled in 2004 and 2005 had been taken from DR Congo during an armed conflict .
The case has been brought by the Swiss non-governmental organisation TRIAL .
Argor-Heraeus has strongly refuted all allegations in a statement .
The Swiss gold refiner said the allegation had `` arrived like a bolt out of the blue '' and there had been `` no request or contact whatsoever from TRIAL beforehand '' .
It said `` Argor-Heraeus has been cleared of all above mentioned allegations '' , referring to an investigation at the time by the UN , SECO and FINMA .
The firm said it would `` collaborate in complete transparency with the authorities '' to prove its innocence .
'Growing pressure '
The Swiss federal prosecutor 's office said on Monday that after reviewing the criminal complaint submitted by TRIAL , it had decided to initiate proceedings against Argor-Heraeus `` for suspected money laundering in connection with a war crime and complicity in war crimes '' .
`` Given the secrecy of the investigation and function , we are not able to provide more information for now , '' it said .
TRIAL alleges that gold looted from DR Congo in 2004 and 2005 was smuggled to Uganda and then refined in Switzerland by Argor-Heraeus .
According to TRIAL , the refinery knew or should have assumed that the gold resulted from pillage , a war crime .
DR Congo was in the midst of an armed conflict at the time , driven partly for control of natural resources .
An estimated six million people are believed to have died in DR Congo since 1997 .
TRIAL says the sale of the gold `` contributed to financing the operations of an unlawful armed group in a brutal conflict '' .
A report at the time by a UN Group of Experts recommended sanctions against Argor , saying the company must have known the gold was obtained illegally .
Sanctions were imposed only on Ugandan businesses involved in the trade .
TRIAL alleges that Argor escaped sanctions because of pressure applied at the UN by Swiss diplomats .
However , Argor says that `` subsequent detailed in-depth verifications executed by SECO and UNO resulted in the removal of the name of Argor-Heraeus from the report and confirmed that the company was in no way directly or indirectly involved in the alleged claim '' .
Most of the world 's gold is refined in Switzerland and the country is also a major trading hub for gold and other commodities .
The BBC 's Imogen Foulkes in Geneva says there is growing pressure for traders and refiners to be more transparent .
Argor is owned partly by German company Heraeus , Commerzbank , and the Austrian Mint .
Combining Models for the First Time The Kepler Mission , which has been uncovering literally thousands of new planets since it started gazing out into the cosmos in 2009 , discovered the exoplanet Kepler 62f in 2013 . Kepler 62f is a rather remarkable planet . It is 1200 light-years away . We know that it orbits a star that is smaller and cooler than the Sun , and is the outermost of the five planets in the system . And it 's just 40 % larger than the Earth ( most planets that we 've found to date are enormous gas giants ) . Moreover , the data from the Kepler telescope suggests that 62f is a rocky planet that might have oceans . Now , simulations conducted by a team of scientists has revealed several scenarios that posit that 62f is likely to be habitable , adding it to the ever-growing list of candidates for extraterrestrial life ( as well as the list for potential Earth 2.0s ) .
That Planetary Sweet Spot By combining different modeling systems , astronomers are able to infer whether a planet has the potential to sustain life . This is known as the Community Climate System Model ( CCSM ) , which in itself is comprised of four separate models that simultaneously simulate the Earth 's habitable atmosphere , the Laboratoire de Me´te´orologie Dynamique Generic model , and the computer model Hnbody . Based on the luminosity of the host star , astronomers can determine the planetary sweet spot , referred to as the Goldilocks zone , where the temperature is neither too hot nor too cold and liquid water can exist , which is necessary for life as we know it . Other factors for habitability then come into play , such as the size of the planet and its carbon dioxide concentration , atmospheric density , and orbital characteristics . And it seems that 62f fits the bill . “ We found there are multiple atmospheric compositions that allow it to be warm enough to have surface liquid water , ” said Aomawa Shields , a University of California President 's Postdoctoral Program Fellow who leads the team . “ This makes it a strong candidate for a habitable planet . ”
While the Kepler telescope does not have the ability to distinguish the habitability of a planet , the multiple model scheme can help make intelligent guesses . “ This will help us understand how likely certain planets are to be habitable over a wide range of factors , for which we do n't yet have data from telescopes . And it will allow us to generate a prioritized list of targets to follow up on more closely with the next generation of telescopes that can look for the atmospheric fingerprints of life on another world , ” Shields says .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
A new bill just submitted by Zoe Lofgren ( D-CA ) would make search warrants mandatory before a police agency would be able to read someone 's e-mail . Currently , police agencies have unhindered access to private e-mail accounts .
Under the current `` Electronic Communications and Privacy Act '' ( ECPA ) passed in 1986 , police agencies , which include all federal and local police , can read your e-mail without a search warrant . Back in the day the act was passed so that the FBI would n't have to get a warrant for every wiretap on a telephone line . Now that the Internet has come about , e-mails , voIP , chat and so forth have been blanketed under that same act .
Now a bipartisan group of lawmakers wants to change the law and make it illegal to read someone 's email without first getting a search warrant issued . The new bill , which is an amendment to update title 18 of the U.S. code , would also negate the opinion of the Obama administration that obtaining electronic information is legal under the Constitution .
Representatives , Suzan DelBene ( D-WA ) , Ted Poe ( R-TX ) and Zoe Lofgren ( D-CA ) are supporting the new legislation . Not only would the bill protect users ' E-mails but it would also protect users ' location privacy as well .
In a recent press release Representative Zoe Lofgren ( D ) of California wrote that the `` Fourth Amendment protections do n't stop at the Internet , ” she further added that by establishing a search warrant , as mandatory by law before any police agency could access electronic data , it would also help with keeping users ' data private and secure .
Lofgren also feels that the new bill would give ISPs better reason to tell their customers that their data is secured and “ foster greater trust with their users and international trading partners . ''
There are a few things that the bill does not protect , and it would never overrule the `` Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ” which allows for warrantless access to communications overseas . It would not protect location privacy either in regards to overseas communications . It also states that police would have the authority to deal with `` conspiratorial activities characteristic of organized crime . ''
Representative Ted Poe ( R ) of Texas stated that the world in which we live is far different and far more technologically advanced than the world in 1986 . In a public statement he wrote that Washington had an obligation to modernize the ECPA to catch up with the times . Poe further added , “ Technology may change , but the Constitution does not '' , in reference to the 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
The Russian government bugged a strategy meeting of LGBT activists last month and are using the audio to influence perceptions about gays ahead of the Sochi Games , Buzzfeed reports :
This surveillance was revealed on November 12 , when a state television channel broadcast audio from the meeting as part of a program presented as an exposé of the “ threat to Russia ” posed by the “ homosexualists who attempt to infiltrate our country . ”
The inclusion of a few minutes of this audio sent a chill through human rights activists in Russia and abroad…
…By highlighting Western human rights groups ' interest in Russia , the program also appeared to be laying the groundwork for potentially accusing LGBT rights activists of being “ foreign agents , ” which could be grounds for huge fines if activists are found to be taking money from foreign sources without reporting it to the authorities . The “ foreign agent ” law , passed last year , has been widely criticized for stifling Russia 's already embattled civil society .
According to participants of the meeting , which was convened by the Open Society Foundation ( a group founded by George Soros ) and included members of international LGBT human rights groups and smaller Russian activist groups , the meeting was intended to strategize on how to assist the Russian groups against increased oppression ahead of the Sochi games .
* * * * * * * * * *
Translator : TranslationChicken
* * * * * * * * * *
Editor : TranslationChicken
( Thank you Aaron , Roanz , Kizarat , HX , Rodolfo , Ahbahl , Vimal , Zazorok , Nair , Thomas for helping me with proofreading on the Live Draft ! < 3 )
* * * * * * * * * *
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE : ZERO , THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH
JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE : HTTP : //NCODE.SYOSETU.COM/N2267BE/224/
Previous Part 1/3 : https : //translationchicken.com/2017/12/19/rezero-arc-4-chapter-58-grandma-part-1-3/
※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※
Subaru arrived at the stable just after the break of dawn .
Pushing open the creaking gate as quietly as he could , he searched for his partner inside , and found the jet-black figure blending into the darkness in the back of the stable , awaiting her master 's call .
[ Subaru : Sorry for cooping you up in here , Patrasche ]
Hearing Subaru 's voice , Patrasche reached out her head and nudged him with her nose . Her gesture was at once filled with affection and carrying a tinge of complaint at being left aside for so long , prompting a ticklish feeling inside Subaru 's heart .
[ Subaru : I know you just woke up , but I need your help . Can you take me back to the Mansion ? ]
Holding her face up to Subaru 's palms , Patrasche snorted , as if to say “ What ‘ am I going to do with you , Subaru-kun…… ” .
Sighing with relief that at least his dragon was on board with his plan , Subaru untied Patrasche 's reins from the stable and prepared to bring her outside .
Without other encumbrances weighing her down , the usual half a day 's ride might be completed in even less .
If they set out in the morning like this , they should reach the Mansion just before dusk .
[ Subaru : Just a messy plan assuming I 'll start over anyway…… ]
This time , Subaru was determined to return to the Mansion , and , unlike the loops before this , he was n't going to bring the villagers . Frankly , it was because he was convinced that he would be doing it all again , and had resolved to eliminate all unnecessary variables aside from the goal of gathering information .
The loss of the friendship he had struck up with Lewes would be regrettable , but ,
[ Subaru : My relationship with Garfiel is already as horrible as can be , and I 'm just about to make it even worse… ]
Having transferred the command authority to himself―― Subaru could just imagine Garfiel seething with bloodshot eyes , looking for whoever took it .
It probably would n't take long before he finds him . After all , Subaru did n't order Lewes to keep it a secret , and Lewes herself would tell the truth if she was asked .
All this was within Subaru 's considerations .
[ Subaru : ――Still , ca n't help but worry about leaving Emilia with just a note ]
If this world was only a sacrifice to be erased as soon as it was rewound , then logically , his concerns for Emilia in this world should n't even exist .
No matter how much she suffers , grieves , or otherwise rejoices , all of it will be lost along with the world itself . But , even though his mind understood this ,
[ Subaru : It 's still no excuse at all… ]
Even knowing that this was a soon-to-be-abandoned world , Subaru still did n't want to make Emilia cry .
Finding out that he had left without a word would likely bring her more pain than she could bear . Losing the only support she could lean on , she probably would n't know what to do with herself . While a part of him was glad that Emilia relied on him like this , it still hurt all the same .
In order to make sure that does n't happen , or at least hoping that it would n't last too long if it did , Subaru left her a note .
That said , there was nothing special written inside , only an assortment of run-of-the mill words of consolation . Since he could n't tell her the truth , it was all he could do to try to keep her from worrying .
[ Subaru : It 's better than nothing…… wait , what if Emilia does n't actually need me that much ? ]
Ever since Puck went missing , Emilia had been relying on Subaru more than ever before .
So that thought was only wishful thinking , and he knew it could n't be as simple as that .
In any case , Subaru must leave the Sanctuary and leave Emilia behind . In order to rewrite the unsalvageable present with a future that could yet be saved , he would have to harden his heart and make the necessary sacrifices .
[ Subaru : Before anyone notices , let's…… oh ? ]
While leading Patrasche out of the stables , Subaru picked up the saddle he had stored away in the carriage . Giving it a light pat , he threw it over Patrasche , when he caught something in the corner of his vision . It was ,
[ Subaru : Petelgeuse ' Gospel…… ? ]
A thick book in black binding , hidden away in the corner of the carriage .
Once belonging to Petelgeuse , honestly , Subaru had wanted to get rid of it , but he could n't exactly hand it off to other people . Besides , he figured it might reveal some useful information about the obscure Witch Cult , and so ended up keeping it .
[ Subaru : Come to think of it , that view 's kinda changed after what Roswaal said ]
After fitting on the saddle , Subaru casually picked up the Gospel .
Feeling its dense weight in his palm , the image of the blood-drenched madman surfaced in his mind .
A man with an overzealous devotion to the Gospel , believing that it was his only way to express his loyalty to the Witch .
Inside , like some poor parody , its pages hinted at its owner Petelgeuse ' future actions .
[ Subaru : Roswaal , Beatrice , and Petelgeuse…… why 're they so convinced that only they could read this thing…… ? ]
Grumbling , he casually flipped through its pages .
But suddenly , his fingers froze , as a strange , strangled noise escaped his throat――
[ Subaru : I can , read it ? ]
――When he realized that he could read the words written on the Gospel 's white pages .
Although the letters were something like a child 's scrawling , they lined up to form words that carried meaning . What was more , those words were in the form of “ Yi ” glyphs that Subaru could understand .
[ Subaru : How could…… unless , it 's recognized me as its owner ? But I did n't do anything to…… ]
At that thought , Subaru suddenly noticed something .
The last time he tried and failed to read this Gospel 's contents was before he came to the Sanctuary . It had been in the Capital , and after returning to Roswaal 's Mansion . Since then , he had n't had a chance to open the Gospel to check , but it could only be related to something that took place in the Sanctuary .
Although , the direct cause might be something that did n't exactly happen in the Sanctuary .
Namely ,
[ Subaru : What the hell did Echidona do to me…… ? ]
Just like the Trials inside the Tomb , there was a good chance that Echidona had tampered with his physical body in some way . He had a feeling that it had something to do with the tea Echidona gave him at her so-called tea party .
Echidona was joking about it being her bodily fluids , but what if it was something else ?
Something that drastically changed Subaru 's body from before .
[ Subaru : Actually , I do n't know if that 's the reason , considering all that 's happened last loop ]
It could have just as easily been caused by the Witch of Envy 's wrath after he revealed Return by Death to Echidona .
Subaru hated the fact that he could n't go there and ask her this very moment .
[ Subaru : ……Then again , it might not have accepted me as its owner after all ]
Being recognized by a Gospel belonging to the Witch Cult does n't exactly put one 's mind at ease , but , after quickly scanning over its contents , Subaru determined that all the messages were meant for Petelgeuse .
Since it was undated , Subaru could n't tell when the events of the first entry took place . But from the Gospel 's page after page of scribbled accounts , a picture of Petelgeuse ' activities began to take shape .
The entries were basically “ where to go ” and “ what to do ” , but contained no description of what would happen as a result . Perhaps Petelgeuse had no interest in the outcomes , and merely improvised the rest by doing whatever he thought benefited the Witch Cult .
Reading on like this , he came to the final entry .
Though there were more pages after it , they were all blank after this point . On the final page , there were still the crimson words “ THE END ” which Subaru had scrawled in blood .
Before that , was the Gospel 's last original entry :
[ Subaru : “ Go to Mathers Domain , put silver-haired Half-Witch to Trial ” ……huh . What 's that supposed to mean ? ]
Without knowing what the “ Trial ” would entail , Subaru could gather no information aside from that Petelgeuse was to attack Emilia .
Nonetheless , Subaru had managed to confirm that Petelgeuse ' atrocities were indeed committed in accordance to the Gospel 's instructions .
[ Subaru : ……Right , my bad . Let 's get going ]
Watching Subaru lean against the carriage , Patrasche gave him a few impatient nudges with her snout . Giving her a wry smile , Subaru placed the Gospel back in its original spot in the carriage .
Consigning what he had just witnessed into memory , his mind began drifting onto other concerns .
Specifically , escaping the Sanctuary and returning to the Mansion .
[ Subaru : Hopefully we can get out without causing a stir in the Sanctuary . So take it nice and quiet , ok ? ]
[ Patrasce : ――――NGHH ! ! ]
As Subaru climbed onto her saddle , Patrasche let out a high-spirited neigh in response to her master 's request .
Getting the feeling that his partner did n't understand his request at all , Subaru calmed the overexcited Patrasche and set the course straight for the edge of the Sanctuary .
He could already begin to see the sun 's true form in the distant , eastern sky , showering its light upon the tops of the forest canopy . If he does n't hurry , the early risers will soon be up , making his flight far more difficult without the cover of night .
Just as Subaru tried to carefully give Patrasche a signal to accelerate , Patrasche broke into a sprint . The Divine Protection of Wind Evasion activated around the ground dragon 's body , shielding Subaru from the turbulence and the wind .
Shooting out of the Sanctuary , they entered the forest . Following paths no wider than animal trails , Patrasche unhesitatingly galloped in the direction of the Mansion . Same as always , though Subaru was holding the reins , Patrasche navigated by her own volition , choosing the paths she believed to be best for her master .
Though it made him feel a tinge of loneliness , there was nothing else to do except to leave it to Patrasche 's discretion . Grasping tightly onto the reins , contracting the muscles of his body , they merged into a single shadow speeding through the forest . If nothing stands in the way , they should come out of the forest within an hour , leaving the bounds of the Sanctuary behind them . But ,
[ Garfiel : JUST…… HOLD'ON A GODDAMN MINUTE , OY ! ! ]
===
Next Part 3/3 : https : //translationchicken.com/2017/12/24/rezero-arc-4-chapter-58-grandma-part-3-3/
===
I had a wonderful birthday , thank you guys ! ! ❤ ❤ ❤
This part was done last night but I wanted to edit it more before I released it . I 'll see if I can get Part 3/3 done tonight :3
And please help me find typos > _ <
===
Chapter 58 Live Draft :
https : //www.patreon.com/posts/re-zero-arc-4-58-15938268
===
Next Part 3/3 : https : //translationchicken.com/2017/12/24/rezero-arc-4-chapter-58-grandma-part-3-3/
When a groom got cold feet and called off his wedding , the bride 's family decided to make the best out of a heart-breaking situation .
Quinn Duane was set to wed Landon Borup , both 27 , in a lavish $ 35,000 ceremony at Sacramento 's luxurious Citizen Hotel yesterday .
But when it was called off with less than a week to go , the Duane family , from El Dorado Hills , California , decided not to cancel the venue and catering .
Instead , they generously invited the city 's homeless to enjoy the extravagant feast .
Scroll down for video
The would-be bride 's family decided to invite Sacramento 's homeless residents to enjoy the feast after the groom got cold feet and called off the wedding with less than a week to go
Quinn Duane 's mother and father at the 'fall dinner ' for the homeless that was originally intended for their daughter 's wedding guests
The would-be bride 's mother Kari Duane , 53 , told KCRA : 'When I found out on Monday that the wedding would not be taking place , it just seemed like , of course , this would be something that we would do to give back . '
Although her devastated daughter chose to stay home , she watched as her new guests arrived and enjoyed the gourmet spread .
' I feel a lot of heartache and heartbreak for her , but I will take away something good from this , ' she added .
The arrivals included families with babies and young children , single people and grandparents .
Rashad Abdullah , who came with his wife Erika Craycraft and five children , said the meal was ' a blessing . '
Quinn Duane and Landon Borup became engaged in April last year after they began dating in August 2011
The would-be bride 's mother Kari Duane said her daughter was too devastated to come , but she added : ' I will take away something good from this '
'When you 're going through a hard time and a struggle , for you to get out to do something different with your family , it was really a blessing , ' he told KCRA .
His wife Erika also thanked the Duane family for their kindness .
'To lose out on something so important to yourself and then give it to someone else is really giving , really kind , ' she said .
The food , originally intended for the wedding 's 120 guests , came from the hotel 's four-star Grange restaurant and included salmon and steak as well as appetizers , salad and gnocchi .
The wedding 's hefty price tag also included a none-refundable honeymoon trip to Belize – which Mrs Duane and her daughter will be jetting off to together on Sunday .
Erika Craycraft , a homeless woman who came with her family , thanked the Duane family for their kindness
Erika Craycraft , pictured at the Citizen Hotel in Sacramento , arrived with her husband and five children
The Duane family decided to not cancel the $ 35,000 wedding at the Citizen Hotel and instead offered the feast , including steak and salmon , to the city 's homeless residents
The feast , intended for 120 people , included salmon ( pictured ) as well as steak , salad , gnocchi and vegetables
The former couple met in July 2011 and began dating shortly afterwards before getting engaged during a family meal to celebrate Easter in April last year .
Borup had asked each member of her family to read out a message to his then-girlfriend before proposing .
At the time , Duane wrote on Facebook : 'My mom started by reading off of a slip of paper and saying 'Quinn , I love how generous you are . '
'This was followed by my sister saying another reason I am loved and so on ... Landon had written down the reasons he loved me and passed them out to my family to read as they went around the table .
My grandad read the last slip saying 'Quinn , I love planning our future together . '
'And Landon got down on one knee and asked me to marry him . Truly an amazing moment ! '
It 's no secret that the debate over gun rights has been a contentious one , and that was clearly on display during Wednesday night 's edition of Fox News Channel 's “ Hannity ” program .
Throughout the segment , the guests -- left-wing attorney Leo Terrell and conservative lawyer Jay Sekulow -- tried to talk over each other to get their points across , but before it was done , Terrell put his hands over his ears and stopped responding .
The discussion began when host Sean Hannity said the White Plains , New York-based Journal News regional newspaper , which created a national controvery by publishing an online map of registered gun owners in its circulation area , had once again brought attention to itself by hiring armed guards to protect its employees , an obvious case of hypocrisy given the publication 's virulently anti-gun editorial stance .
Several minutes into the debate , the fireworks started when Hannity asked Terrell a pointed question :
Those people that have weapons , now if somebody wanted to steal them , they 've also been disclosed , and people without guns are probably sitting ducks if people want to know where to rob . Here 's my question : Do you believe in the right of privacy 'cause liberals often lecture us about the right of privacy ?
The guest responded angrily by asking the host if he 'd forgotten what happened at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Conn. , “ where there was a lunatic who shot up 20 kids ? ”
“ This information will alert the neighborhood of people who are mentally ill , ” he stated . “ And this information was disclosed under the Freedom of Information Act . No Constitutional right was violated . ”
“ So we 'll have people report on their neighbors and saying : ' I think that person is mentally ill ; you 'd better go take his gun , ' ” Hannity responded .
Terrell replied that taking such action “ could have saved 26 lives at Sandy Hook . ”
“ There are certain people , Mister Hannity , that do not need a gun , ” he continued . “ They can register for a gun , they can acquire a gun , but they are mentally disturbed . ”
Sekulow noted that background checks , including assessment of an applicant 's mental health , are required by law in all 50 states .
“ What you 're doing here is putting individual citizens who are legally in possession of arms that are protected by the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution , you 're putting them at risk , ” he stated .
“ You are endangering police officers , who are subject to retaliation since you 've identified where they live , ” the attorney added . “ You do n't want to acknowledge that , even though Connecticut has the toughest gun laws in the country . ”
“ The issue is not about police officers , ” the civil rights attorney responded before turning his attention to Adam Lanza 's mother , who “ was legally allowed to have guns . Her son was mentally disturbed . Why do n't you acknowledge the Freedom of Information Act ? ”
“ Having the toughest gun laws does n't solve the problem , ” Sekulow replied .
At that point , Hannity : asked Terrell : “ You were friends with O.J . Simpson . Did you know that he was going to be liable -- ? ”
“ Here we go with O.J . Simpson , ” Terrell said before placing his hands over his ears and keeping his mouth closed .
When he heard no sound , Hannity asked : “ What ? Hello ? Leo ? ” before laughing at the incident and thanking his guests for appearing on the program .
Of course , this was n't the first time Terrell gave Hannity trouble during a discussion .
In early December , Terrell was a guest for another debate over gun control . The other guest , author and novelist Erik Rush , became so frustrated when he was unable to complete a sentence that he demanded Terrell “ just please shut up ! ”
In addition , Simpson has apparently been a sore spot for Terrell for quite some time . Years ago , when Hannity asked him about the murder chargers that were once waged against the former athlete , Terrell walked off the set .
And during yet another interview , he gave Hannity the silent treatment .
However , Terrell received support from Stephen C. Webster , who stated that the radio host “ figured out on Wednesday night an unusual way to shut down racially inflammatory content on the Fox News Channel : he simply covered his ears on live television . ”
Indian actress and former Miss World Aishwarya Rai Bachchan might sue over the color of her skin on Elle India 's most recent issue , the Times of India reports .
A source told the newspaper that `` Aishwarya 's first reaction was disbelief , '' when she saw the image of herself with lighter skin , adding , Aishwarya `` believed that these things do n't happen anymore . Not in this day and age when women are recognized for their merit , and not for the colour of their skin . She is currently verifying this skin-whitening allegation . If there is any proof of this , she might even take action . ''
Another source said , `` She is clearly the global face of the contemporary Indian woman . The last thing she 'd want is to have a global image coloured by a racial suggestion . ''
In September , American Elle was accused of lightening Gabourey Sidibe 's skin color on the cover of its 25th anniversary issue . Editor-in-chief Robbie Myers dismissed the claims , explaining , `` At a photo shoot , in a studio , that is a fashion shoot , that 's glamorous , the lighting is different . The photography is different than a red carpet shot from a paparazzo . ''
Take a look at Aishwarya 's cover :
Share
By Ellie Ritter , contributor
Interstate I-85 just reopened , but your daily route may be altered again . Starting Monday , June 19 , CSX Transportation will begin rebuilding their railroad crossings at Candler and McDonough streets , according to an update from the City of Decatur .
The construction will occur at the intersections of College Avenue and Candler and McDonough streets in downtown Decatur . According to the update , construction work will continue uninterrupted until its completion , which will take around seven days . Both intersections will be closed until the work is finished .
The primary goal of the project is safety . The city says these road closures will “ significantly improve accessibility and safety for pedestrians and bicyclists. ” Additionally , the city hopes to encourage those who live in neighborhoods south of the CSX rail corridor , such as Winnona Park and the areas surrounding Renfroe Middle School , to walk and bike into downtown Decatur .
Among the project 's improvements are “ gentler slopes ” on the north side of both crossings , making the path more accessible to wheelchairs and strollers , as well as a pedestrian – and biker – friendly route located outside the railroad crossing gates .
Currently , pedestrians and bicyclists have to share the road with vehicles at these crossings . Pedestrians will also find new crosswalks where none currently exist , located on the east side of both intersections and just north of the Candler crossing , connecting to the sidewalk along the old Depot property , according to the update .
Vehicles will also benefit from the project . Both crossings will include new traffic signals on both sides , allowing protected left turns on all legs of the two crossings .
The project expects to reduce vehicular traffic and improve the pedestrian and biker experience . Until its completion , prepare for a couple of detours . An official detour map will be published the week of June 12 , the city says .
Climate change is generally not regarded as a major problem by farmers , according to a recent survey .
Want proof that the climate change debate has become politicized in the United States ? Look no further than a Nov. 2015 survey by the Pew Research Center .
The group asked Americans if they believe global climate change is a “ very serious problem. ” While 68 % of democrats said it was , only 20 % of republicans did . Pew also asked respondents if climate change is harming people now , and 53 % of democrats versus 24 % of republicans agreed .
A month later , Farm Journal Pulse asked farmers the exact same question : “ Do you think climate change is a serious problem ? ” A total of 1,783 answered , with 78 % saying no and 22 % saying yes .
In the Pew Research Center poll , respondents were asked about a variety of possible climate change consequences . In the U.S. , drought tops the list of potential risks .
Drought ( 50 % )
Rising sea levels ( 17 % )
Severe weather , such as floods or intense storms ( 16 % )
Long periods of unusually hot weather ( 11 % )
In the U.S. , women and millennials are most likely to be concerned about climate change . Also , Catholics and the “ religiously unaffiliated ” are significantly more likely than protestants to be concerned about climate change .
Globally , Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa are the areas generally most concerned with the potential effects of climate change , while China , Australia and parts of Europe are generally the least concerned . Countries with high carbon emissions per capita are less likely to say climate change is a serious problem , according to Pew .
Those with autism may be helped by wearing Google Glass
Bob McClay
Google is conducting research to find out if people on the autism spectrum can be helped by wearing Google Glass .
Thirty-year-old Paul Louden is a Google Glass explorer . He suffers from Asperger 's syndrome , and he is exploring ways that the glasses may help people who suffer from diseases within the autism spectrum .
Louden paid $ 1,500 for his pair of Google Glass six months ago .
`` They 're a wearable computer , '' Louden said . `` You wear them on your head , and the screen sits sort of above and to the right , kind of luck the rearview mirror in your car . It 's there and can give you information , but it does n't really get in the way of seeing the road , seeing what 's around you . ''
Sometimes he and others with Asperger syndrome have trouble remembering things . The glasses can be programmed to help him remember to do things like daily chores .
`` With the Google Glass , setting reminders is as easy as saying ‘ OK Glass , remind me that when I get home , to do the dishes ' , '' said Louden . `` Suddenly , now , there 's a reminder out there on the internet , so that when you get home , your Google Glass will make a little noise and tell you that your dishes need doing . ''
Louden added that victims of autism have problems dealing with situations that do n't go exactly as planned , such as a mix-up with a hotel or car rental reservation . He can use the Hangout video chat feature to call for help . Using a small camera on the glasses , they can see what he 's seeing , and help him out .
Louden also said that Google is hoping to expand the program this year , and is trying trying to find ways to lower the price of the Glass to around $ 600 . He thinks that is still too expensive , and that a price of around $ 400 would be more appropriate .
I 'm going to do this power ranking for Second Chances a lot less informed and a lot more opinionated in comparison to my Challenge reviews which are mostly objective . However , I am very excited to watch this show next Wednesday , and am incredibly grateful to see that they changed the name of the show . AYTO : All Star Challenge was a terrible name and flippant copy-paste from the Challenge . The general idea of the AYTO Second Chances show is that it 's a competiton where they will do challenges that are physical , mental , etc , and when a team gets eliminated they can choose to split the money , steal the money from one another , or continue competing . The one trick is that if both people choose to steal the money , then nobody gets money . Alright , here are my rankings :
Adam Kuhn and Shanley McIntee ( Season 1 ) I was not a big fan of Shanley on her first season of AYTO , and also disliked how Adam treated Brittany . On the other hand , I do believe this pair has grown up a lot in the past four years and are probably in the best mind-set to win this game . Adam performed incredibly well on the Challenge , so Second Chances will be a walk in the park ? It seems to be more of a game of intelligence and honesty , and Adam is kind of a little weasel , but overall they should be one of the most mature teams in the game . Devin Walker and Rashida Beach ( Season 3 ) We know that when given the chance to take money from his partner that Devin would rather split it . He is the smartest guy ever cast on AYTO ( not saying much ) , and even though he 's an asshole , people admit he 's actually quite intelligent . Since the game is less based of off complete athleticism , his dad bod might excel in this game . Asaf Goren and Kaylen Zahara ( Season 4 ) In my opinion this is one of the most fun couples to be on this season . Post AYTO , I 've warmed up a bit to Asaf and think he 's a little bit adorable . Kaylen is just as powerful of a personality , and hopefully they have a good showing . Derrick Henry and Cassandra Martinez ( Season 5 ) Derrick deserves a true second chance after the finale of AYTO . He did not get serious about the game until it was too late . Besides that he was an enjoyable presence in the house that made me smile . Cassandra is just adorable and I would kill to date her . Cameron Kolbo an Mikala Thomas ( Season 4 ) Can this pair get a second chance at love ? Seriously , these two made such a cute couple , and I really want them to try again . Having been in an actual relationship that ended , there could be some wounds that are re-opened during this game . Nate Siebenmark and Ellie Puckett ( Season 2 ) Who in the world does not love Ellie ? She is such a sweet girl who captured my heart on AYTO season 2 . However , Nate is a loser with a bad attitude . He was a wimp on AYTO , and he was kept in the game on the Challenge for so long as people wanted him as the lay-up for the final . Then again , having been on the Challenge , he has an edge on almost all the other competitors . Morgan St. Pierre and Tori Deal ( Season 4 ) They tried to date in real life and she banged his roommate Mike C. ( AYTO 3 and RW Bad Blood ) . The duo has an obvious chemistry with each other , but considering how soon they broke up , they will probably crumble under the pressure . Tori is a beautiful girl , and as much as they may not like each other , I do n't see either one trying to steal money from each other . Hayden Weaver and Carolina Duarte ( Season 5 ) He may be dating Gianna , but Hayden and Carolina was a couple that I actually liked . Gianna seemed a bit fake , and was not the best towards Hayden . Carolina might have jumped around a lot , but when she was with a guy , she treated them like her world . Not the healthiest quality , but a one I admire nonetheless . I could imagine Carolina stealing the money from Hayden though . Giovanni Rivera and Francesca Duncan ( Season 4 ) Simply put , Gio is an idiot , and Francesca is a beauty . Mike Cerasani and Alicia Wright ( Season 5 ) My opinion of Mike shifted hard throughout the season . I hated his personality angle to start the season , and overall viewed him as a lower . However , he opened his heart up later in the season , and gained the most respect that I could give someone on a season of AYTO . Alicia is a snake , and Mike should steal the money before she does .
Open up Google Maps on your phone and , depending on where you are , you 'll see some streets , some buildings and a blue dot . That blue dot is you , in `` YOU ARE HERE '' form . When you move , it moves . The dot is helpful when you 're walking around outside , but if you 're indoors -- in an airport , a mall , or even a conference venue , like I am today -- you might as well be in no-man 's land .
Google wants to change that with something called Tango .
The initiative , previously called Project Tango , is Google 's ambitious plan to map the indoor world . Google Maps is already wildly popular , with more than 1 billion users . But where Maps is a cartographer 's dream on steroids , Tango is n't concerned with streets and rivers and national parks . Tango is for everything underneath rooftops : hallways , offices , ballrooms and -- perhaps more importantly for Google 's advertising ambitions -- the stuff inside those rooms , like furniture and products on shelves .
On Thursday , the Chinese device maker Lenovo unveiled the first consumer smartphone infused with Google 's Tango technology . The $ 500 phone , called the Phab 2 Pro , will have a 6.4-inch screen and be available by September . ( The phone itself is hulking , and Jeff Meredith , the head of Lenovo 's mobile business group , said devices with both smaller and bigger screens are coming . )
But back to the maps -- and that blue dot .
When you 're indoors , `` all it tells you is , 'You 're in the airport ! ' Which is not super helpful , '' Johnny Lee , head of Tango , said in an interview Thursday at the Masonic , the San Francisco venue where Google and Lenovo unveiled the Tango phone . It does n't come in handy when you want to tell someone to meet you at Baggage Claim 4 .
`` It 's about making a better blue dot , '' he said .
James Martin/CNET
For Google , the stakes are huge : If Tango takes off , the company has the potential to have the most complete picture of the physical world -- both outdoors and indoors -- that anyone has ever had . It already owns a satellite company called Skybox that can take detailed pictures of Earth from space .
`` Being able to search the physical world , kind of like you 'd search the web , is really interesting , '' said Lee . `` One day , it 's something we could hopefully do . ''
Now playing : Watch this : Project Tango makes augmented tech a reality
With a Tango phone , you 'd be able to peer inside buildings . The technology lets you map out a room , with the phone 's sensors and four cameras capturing all of the parameters and measurements of the room itself and everything inside it .
The idea is that venue owners would use Tango 's technology to map out their building 's interiors and release that data to Google so people with Tango phones could use that information when they 're in the building . Lee wo n't reveal how many venue partners Google already has , but says he hopes there will be a `` few '' live later this year . One partner is the home improvement chain Lowe 's . Lee says Google has also done a pilot test with the San Jose International airport . ( Google has another project for mapping the interiors of buildings using a special laser-scanning backpack called the Cartographer , but Lee says that 's a separate project . )
As with any Google service , there are privacy implications . Lee said you can think of Tango-related data as you 'd think of YouTube videos . When you shoot a video on your phone , you can keep it on the device or you can upload it to YouTube and share it widely . With Tango , when you map a room , it creates a computer file with the exact specifications of that room , and the file stays on the device . Or you can share it , as Google hopes venue owners will do .
Dinosaurs and sofas
Lenovo has a roundabout history with Google . The Chinese company owns Motorola Mobility , which it bought from Google in 2014 . Google originally bought Motorola for $ 12.5 billion in 2012 , before selling it off to the Chinese phone maker two years later for $ 3 billion . Google did n't come away empty-handed though ; it kept a cache of important patents . It also retained Motorola 's experimental hardware division , called Advanced Technology and Projects , or ATAP . That division created Project Tango .
The technology is n't only for traditional maps . Google wants you to use it for everything from shopping to education to gaming . ( Tango is actually a part of Google 's virtual reality division . ) On Thursday , the company showed off a handful of demo apps , including one for creating elaborate , digital dominoes setups , and one from the American Museum of Natural History , which will show you a digital image of a Tyrannosaurus Rex on your phone , at scale if the room you 're in is big enough . The common thread among all these experiences is that Tango has all that information about the size of the room . Because of that , it can show you 3D images on your phone 's screen as if they were there in real life , something in tech-speak called `` augmented reality . ''
Shopping could be one of the most lucrative uses for Tango . One of the biggest boons of the technology is helping to guide consumers around stores , said Richard Maltsbarger , chief development officer at Lowe 's . The retailer has an app that will help you pick out furniture and see if it will fit in your house .
`` We have 200 million square feet of retail , '' Maltsbarger said . `` So we 're looking for the day where we actually know where every item is in that 200 million square feet . '' That 's for both customers and employees , he says .
Lee adds that , in the future , Tango could lead people `` to a store , to an aisle , to a shelf , to a product . ''
Google may already be laying the groundwork for cashing in on Tango . Last month , it announced a new advertising unit called promoted pins , which would let retailers highlight specific product deals at nearby stores when consumers are using Google Maps . At the time , Sridar Ramaswamy , Google 's senior vice president of ads and commerce , said it was too early to talk about linking Tango to Map advertisements . On Thursday , Lee said , `` there 's nothing we can commit to right now '' with Google Maps .
But the possibility is there . And that blue dot might as well be an X on a treasure map .
The ink was barely dry on the PPACA when the first of many lawsuits to block the mandated health insurance provisions of the law was filed in a Florida District Court .
The pleadings , in part , read -
The Constitution nowhere authorizes the United States to mandate , either directly or under threat of penalty , that all citizens and legal residents have qualifying health care coverage . State of Florida , et al . vs. HHS
It turns out , the Founding Fathers would beg to disagree .
In July of 1798 , Congress passed – and President John Adams signed - “ An Act for the Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen. ” The law authorized the creation of a government operated marine hospital service and mandated that privately employed sailors be required to purchase health care insurance .
Keep in mind that the 5th Congress did not really need to struggle over the intentions of the drafters of the Constitutions in creating this Act as many of its members were the drafters of the Constitution .
And when the Bill came to the desk of President John Adams for signature , I think it 's safe to assume that the man in that chair had a pretty good grasp on what the framers had in mind .
Here 's how it happened .
During the early years of our union , the nation 's leaders realized that foreign trade would be essential to the young country 's ability to create a viable economy . To make it work , they relied on the nation 's private merchant ships - and the sailors that made them go - to be the instruments of this trade .
The problem was that a merchant mariner 's job was a difficult and dangerous undertaking in those days . Sailors were constantly hurting themselves , picking up weird tropical diseases , etc .
The troublesome reductions in manpower caused by back strains , twisted ankles and strange diseases often left a ship 's captain without enough sailors to get underway - a problem both bad for business and a strain on the nation 's economy .
But those were the days when members of Congress still used their collective heads to solve problems - not create them .
Realizing that a healthy maritime workforce was essential to the ability of our private merchant ships to engage in foreign trade , Congress and the President resolved to do something about it .
Enter “ An Act for The Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen ” .
I encourage you to read the law as , in those days , legislation was short , to the point and fairly easy to understand .
The law did a number of fascinating things .
First , it created the Marine Hospital Service , a series of hospitals built and operated by the federal government to treat injured and ailing privately employed sailors . This government provided healthcare service was to be paid for by a mandatory tax on the maritime sailors ( a little more than 1 % of a sailor 's wages ) , the same to be withheld from a sailor 's pay and turned over to the government by the ship 's owner . The payment of this tax for health care was not optional . If a sailor wanted to work , he had to pay up .
This is pretty much how it works today in the European nations that conduct socialized medical programs for its citizens - although 1 % of wages does n't quite cut it any longer .
The law was not only the first time the United States created a socialized medical program ( The Marine Hospital Service ) but was also the first to mandate that privately employed citizens be legally required to make payments to pay for health care services . Upon passage of the law , ships were no longer permitted to sail in and out of our ports if the health care tax had not been collected by the shipowners and paid over to the government - thus the creation of the first payroll tax in our nation 's history .
When a sick or injured sailor needed medical assistance , the government would confirm that his payments had been collected and turned over by his employer and would then give the sailor a voucher entitling him to admission to the hospital where he would be treated for whatever ailed him .
While a few of the healthcare facilities accepting the government voucher were privately operated , the majority of the treatment was given out at the federal maritime hospitals that were built and operated by the government in the nation 's largest ports .
As the nation grew and expanded , the system was also expanded to cover sailors working the private vessels sailing the Mississippi and Ohio rivers .
The program eventually became the Public Health Service , a government operated health service that exists to this day under the supervision of the Surgeon General .
So much for the claim that “ The Constitution nowhere authorizes the United States to mandate , either directly or under threat of penalty… . ”
As for Congress ' understanding of the limits of the Constitution at the time the Act was passed , it is worth noting that Thomas Jefferson was the President of the Senate during the 5th Congress while Jonathan Dayton , the youngest man to sign the United States Constitution , was the Speaker of the House .
While I 'm sure a number of readers are scratching their heads in the effort to find the distinction between the circumstances of 1798 and today , I think you 'll find it difficult .
Yes , the law at that time required only merchant sailors to purchase health care coverage . Thus , one could argue that nobody was forcing anyone to become a merchant sailor and , therefore , they were not required to purchase health care coverage unless they chose to pursue a career at sea .
However , this is no different than what we are looking at today .
Each of us has the option to turn down employment that would require us to purchase private health insurance under the health care reform law .
Would that be practical ? Of course not - just as it would have been impractical for a man seeking employment as a merchant sailor in 1798 to turn down a job on a ship because he would be required by law to purchase health care coverage .
What 's more , a constitutional challenge to the legality of mandated health care can not exist based on the number of people who are required to purchase the coverage - it must necessarily be based on whether any American can be so required .
Clearly , the nation 's founders serving in the 5th Congress , and there were many of them , believed that mandated health insurance coverage was permitted within the limits established by our Constitution .
The moral to the story is that the political right-wing has to stop pretending they have the blessings of the Founding Fathers as their excuse to oppose whatever this president has to offer .
History makes it abundantly clear that they do not .
UPDATE : January 21- Given the conversation and controversy this piece has engendered , Greg Sargent over at The Washington Post put the piece to the test . You might be interested in what Greg discovered in his article , `` Newsflash : Founders favored government run health care . ''
Contact Rick at thepolicypage @ gmail.com
ISIS gangs set the Assyrian village of Til Hirmiz on fire after suffering heavy blows in clashes with YPG/YPJ ( People's/Women 's Defense Units ) of Rojava , West Kurdistan .
The gang groups who had to flee the village of Rezazê where they were inflicted heavy blows , set the Assyrian village of Til Hirmiz -14 km northwest of Hasekê- on fire yesterday afternoon .
Til Hirmiz village between Hasekê and Til Temir is located two kilometers to the newly liberated village of Rezazê where over 40 ISIS members were killed during the last three days of heavy fighting . A number of ISIS corpses were also seized by YPG .
The gang groups that set Til Hirmiz village on fire after being forced to flee the strategic Rezazê village-6 km to the mount Evdilezîz . A water tank in Til Hirmiz was also blown up by the gangs with explosives two days ago .
Three of the four former TCU football players charged in February in a months-long drug investigation have received fines and probation in return for guilty pleas , Tarrant County officials said Tuesday .
David Yendry , 21 , Tanner Brock , 21 , and Tyler Horn , were three of 15 students arrested as part of the six-month investigation .
Yendry , who played defensive tackle , pled guilty last Friday to four charges of delivering marijuana weighing more than a quarter ounce but less than five pounds . He was sentenced to three months probation for each count , ordered to pay a $ 300 fine and cover any court fees .
He also pled guilty to a pair of misdemeanor charges of delivering less than a quarter ounce of marijuana and received six months deferred adjudication probation for each .
Tanner Brock , a linebacker who led the team in tackles during the Frogs ' run to the Rose Bowl in 2010 , pled guilty to three charges of delivering marijuana between a quarter ounce and five pounds and received four years deferred adjudication probation on each count . He also must cover court costs and pay a $ 1,200 fine .
Tyler Horn , an offensive tackle , received three years deferred adjudication for pleading guilty to delivering more than a quarter ounce but less than five pounds of marijuana . He also will have to pay a $ 300 fine and court costs .
Deferred adjudication , Tarrant County District Attorney spokeswoman Melody McDonald says , means a conviction will not appear on their record if they adhere to the terms of probation .
McDonald said the cases were “ reviewed by veteran prosecutors who took into consideration the nature of the crime , as well as the defendants ' backgrounds , prior criminal history and whether they were good prospects for rehabilitation . ”
“ It is not uncommon for first time offenders to receive probation for delivery of marijuana , and these cases were handled just like every other case prosecuted by this office , ” McDonald wrote in an email .
Devin Johnston , who played strong safety , is the remaining football player . He 's charged with three counts of delivering marijuana weighing more than a quarter ounce and less than five pounds .
There are several major differences between Graft and Dash , but all of them are focused on the Graft 's mission to be as close as possible to the “ real world ” of retail , hospitality , gas stations , convenience store , or restaurant payments .
Dash 's InstandSend is an optional feature , which is implemented on top of the blockchain network protocol as a 2nd application tier . Therefore , Dash transaction can be processed in two ways : InstantSend authorization or “ regular ” send . If InstantSend fails for any reason , transaction is sent through the regular slow path . Such a scheme is not acceptable in the “ real world ” of payments . In order to “ compete ” with the dominance of credit cards , crypto payments must be always approved instantly . Unlike Dash , Graft real time authorization is a built-in feature : all Graft transactions are approved in real time , within a range between several milliseconds to a few seconds , depending on the merchant settings . Thus , both online and brick-and-mortar merchants and their customers can always rely on Graft real time authorization .
The buyer is required to pay an additional fee in order to process the payment faster using InstantSend . Graft transaction is always approved in real time , and such approval does not require any additional fee . A small symbolic flat fee is paid by the merchant ( similar to the credit card fee in the “ real world ” but significantly lower ) , which enables an an adoption of Graft for micropayments . Like in the world of traditional payments with credit and debit cards , the buyer ( sender ) does not care about the fee rate or complexity of the fee structure , which allows much higher conversion rates and better buying experience .
Dash has another optional feature called PrivateSend which also requires additional configuration efforts and extra fees from the sender ( buyer ) . Unlike Dash , which is based on Bitcoin code , Graft is based on CryptoNote protocol and Monero code , which provides incomparably higher level of privacy , untraceability , and unlinkability of transactions , right “ out of the box ” , without any additional actions or fees required from either buyer or merchant . Thus , each payment on Graft blockchain is “ visible ” only to the buyer and merchant involved in this particular payment , just like in the real world of credit card payments , or in fact even better as there is no central authority in between .
Unlike Dash , which is mainly a cryptocurrency with some optional features , Graft is an open payment platform that allows merchants to accept various methods of payments such as other cryptocurrencies and credit/debit cards . Different merchant payout options in altcoins of local fiat currencies will be also available through Graft point of sale app and Graft service brokers . Graft wallet users can also instantly exchange other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies as part of the payment transaction .
Graft payment processing flows and transaction types are atypical for cryptocurrencies but very usual for the brick-and-mortar and ecommerce merchants ; those flows have been designed to allow an easier adoption by the mainstream merchants and consumers , without the need for any centralized intermediaries ( payment processors ) which defeat the basic principle of cryptocurrencies – decentralization .
Unlike other cryptocurrencies that provide a single wallet app , which is typically used for both sending and receiving payments , Graft separates those functions , just like in the “ real world ” , between buyer 's wallet app and merchant 's point of sale app . So the users with different interests will never be confused by the “ opposite ” features they never use , such as top up in the wallet or payout in the point of sale .
Today , Wisconsin GOP Senators moved to pass an anti-union bill without a single Democrat present . The move took observers by surprise . GOP Senators side-stepped the need for a quorum to pass the controversial legislation , thus rendering powerless Democrats who left the state capital and traveled outside state lines to avoid a vote that would harm the teachers unions . The GOP and Governor Scott Walker effectively altered the State of Wisconsin 's legislative structure toward one-party rule , and in the process moved it toward Fascism .
Fascism .
The definition of Fascism is :
1. : a political philosophy , movement , or regime ( as that of the Fascisti ) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader , severe economic and social regimentation , and forcible suppression of opposition 2. : a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control .
Consider that Wisconsin 's government has become , for all practical purposes , a police state , where Democratic Rep. Nick Milroy was tackled by police just for trying to enter the Wisconsin Capital to retrieve clothes from his office . Also Democrats who refused to vote were subject to illegal threat of arrest last week . These are examples of a use of police power to ultimately repress opposition . There 's nothing democratic about what Governor Walker and the Wisconsin GOP have done , and everything , again , Fascist about it .
Fascism is a nasty term , indeed , but when the actions of the Wisconsin GOP are looked at from a cold , analytical perspective that embraces history , the use of the word to describe what 's happening in Wisconsin becomes inescapable .
Moreover , if one looks at the more detailed Wikipedia definition of Fascism , the comparisons with the actions of the Wisconsin GOP are unmistakeable . In part :
Fascism is a radical , authoritarian nationalist political ideology . Fascists seek to organize a nation according to corporatist perspectives , values , and systems , including the political system and the economy . Fascism was originally founded by Italian national syndicalists in World War I who combined left-wing and right-wing political views , but it gravitated to the right in the early 1920s . Scholars generally consider fascism to be on the far right . Confusion over whether fascism is of the left or right is due to the inability to fit the economic policies into a clear-cut category , because while fascism is considered on the right politically , fascist economic controls were left-wing , though ended up benefiting social groups considered to be supportive of right-wing parties . Fascists believe that a nation is an organic community that requires strong leadership , singular collective identity , and the will and ability to commit violence and wage war in order to keep the nation strong . They claim that culture is created by the collective national society and its state , that cultural ideas are what give individuals identity , and thus they reject individualism . Viewing the nation as an integrated collective community , they see pluralism as a dysfunctional aspect of society , and justify a totalitarian state as a means to represent the nation in its entirety .
Pluralism embraces a diversity of views and “ stands in opposition to one single approach. ” Governor Walker does n't want compromise , and it 's clear he 's not interested in balancing the budget , or plain and simple union-busting , but far beyond that , to something that looks like dictatorial control .
Governor Walker points to how Indiana Republican Governor Mitch Daniels was able to eliminate collective bargaining in his state , but what Scott either does n't know , or leaves out of his rants , is that Daniels was able to do so by executive order , and because a Democratic predecessor was able to do so “ many years before ” as he explained to Fox News in February of this year .
Governor Walker ca n't rule by the stroke of a pen , so he has to resort to arresting , then locking out , the opposition party and having his GOP pass the largely unwanted legislation .
The idea of seeking compromise is out of the window .
So , it seems , could be Governor Walkers term , if the recall effort reaches it 's logical objective .
That is , unless Walker figures out a way to enlist the police to arrest recall election advocates , too . Do n't put it past him .
Stay tuned and follow me on Twitter here .
Update : The monument has been removed
A week before white supremacists gathered in Charlottesville to violently protest the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee , the L.A. Times ran an op-ed pointing out a Confederate momument tucked away inside one of L.A. 's best-loved tourist attractions : Hollywood Forever Cemetery . After petitioning from local activists , Hollywood Forever announced plans Tuesday evening to remove the monument .
`` We are removing the monument at the request of the United Daughters of the Confederacy , Long Beach branch [ who maintain the monument ] , '' Hollywood Forever president and co-owner Tyler Cassity told LAist on Tuesday .
In the wake of the Charlottesville rally , a Change.org petition calling on Cassity to remove the monument garnered over a thousand signatures in a matter of days . `` It is far past time to keep traces of white supremacists where they belong - in history books , '' the petition said .
The petition 's fight to topple the Confederate legacy in California was echoed by Josh Androsky , co-chair of the Democratic Socialists of America Los Angeles agitprop committee , who took to Twitter to broadcast his request that Hollywood Forever remove the statue .
hi ! did you know that @ hwdforever cemetery has a 7ft tall monument to confederate soldiers ? i found out so i called a few days ago . — josh androsky🌹 ( @ ShutUpAndrosky ) August 15 , 2017
i called back today , angrier . i was directed to a manager who tried to dance around the subject , saying it was illegal to desecrate graves . — josh androsky🌹 ( @ ShutUpAndrosky ) August 15 , 2017
so why do n't you call our friends at @ hwdforever . tell them how you feel .
( 323 ) 469-1181
let 's give em a month or take it down ourselves . — josh androsky🌹 ( @ ShutUpAndrosky ) August 15 , 2017
Cassity told LAist that Hollywood Forever contacted the United Daughters of the Confederacy ( UDC ) to inform them that they 'd received `` constant calls '' urging the monument 's removal , and that the monument had been repeatedly vandalized , at which point the UDC opted to remove it . Individual grave markers of the 30-odd Confederate soldiers who are buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery will remain , but the seven-foot plaque commemorating their loyalty to the Civil War-era South will not .
Cassity described the UDC 's request to remove the Confederate monument as `` a relief , '' noting that the removal was influenced by the unrest in Charlottesville . `` We do n't want to be a place of contention or debate , '' said Cassity .
NEW YORK – The Obama administration continues to suppress at least 12 versions of a 451-page draft indictment charging Hillary Clinton with criminal misconduct in the Whitewater case , according to an index in the National Archives obtained in Freedom of Information Act request by the Washington-based watchdog Judicial Watch .
One of the indictments specifically lists “ overt acts ” allegedly committed by the former first lady .
It follows Judicial Watch 's release on Jan. 28 of 246 pages of previously undisclosed internal memos from Ken Starr 's Office of Independent Council investigation in 1998 . The memos showed prosecutors had evidence that Hillary Clinton and her associate Webb Hubbell at the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock , Arkansas , were guilty of criminal fraud in the Whitewater affair .
Get a first-hand account of the Democratic presidential front-runner 's character in “ Hillary The Other Woman. ” Then take action with the Hillary Clinton Investigative Justice Project and let others know , with a bumper sticker calling for “ Hillary for prosecution , not president . ”
Judicial Watch said the newly released documents also show Clinton and Hubbell engaged in a criminal cover-up conspiracy that included destroying material documents and lying under oath to federal authorities . Their efforts , Judicial Watch said , were aimed at preventing the Whitewater affair from denying Bill Clinton the White House in 1992 and from derailing his presidency in its first term .
“ From the public record , we know that the Whitewater case centered around whether Mrs. Clinton , while first lady , lied to federal investigators about her role in the corrupt Arkansas [ savings and loan ] , concealed documents ( including material under federal subpoena ) and took other steps to cover up her involvement , ” Judicial Watch said .
Federal prosecutors ultimately decided not to indict Hillary Clinton , concluding they could not win the complicated , largely circumstantial case against such a high-profile figure .
Judicial Watch has insisted that a thorough examination of Hillary Clinton 's past will find a history of lying to federal investigators while aggressively taking steps to hide , destroy or cover-up evidence that might incriminate her in her role with the Rose Law Firm in Arkansas . The cover-up , Judicial Watch said , has continued through her tenure as first lady , her term as U.S. senator from New York , her service as secretary of state under President Obama and her current presidential run .
Judicial Watch charged in a March 16 statement :
The secret server scandal and the unmistakable odor of financial impropriety at the Clinton Foundation are just the latest in a long train of ethical abuses , from Mrs. Clinton 's marvelously profitable cattle commodity trades , to the Whitewater Development Co. , Madison Guaranty Savings & Loan , Arkansas corruption , the Travel Office Affair , the missing Rose Law Firm billing records , the missing Vincent Foster records , withheld White House records , witness intimidation , the 1996 campaign finance scandal , pimping out the Lincoln Bedroom , illegal money flow from China , criminal convictions of Clinton associates in Arkansas and Washington , a war on duly appointed federal prosecutors , Monica Lewinsky , lies under oath and the abuse of the presidential power of the pardon .
Criminal scheme
An April 20 , 1998 , memo by the “ HRC ( Hillary Rodham Clinton ) Team ” addressed to “ All OIC Attorneys ” outlines the conclusions reached by the federal prosecutors :
Hillary Clinton 's legal work at the Rose Law Firm with Webb Hubbell included a criminal scheme to defraud a local savings and loan bank arranging fraudulent loan purchases in a real estate transaction known as “ Castle Grande . ”
The criminal fraud committed by Clinton and Hubbell was further complicated by a criminal cover-up scheme .
The criminal cover-up perpetrated by Clinton and Hubbell was accomplished by the following acts : ( 1 ) destroying legal files regarding the fraudulent transaction ; ( 2 ) lying under oath to federal investigators , including the FDIC and Congress ; ( 3 ) removing incriminating records from Vince Foster 's office after his death ; and ( 4 ) destroying other records , including Rose Law Firm records that would provide incriminating evidence against Clinton and Hubbell in the Whitewater scandal .
The memo said that during the 1992 campaign for president , media inquires caused Hillary Clinton , Hubbell and Foster to collect additional Rose Law Firm records related to Hillary Clinton 's work for Madison Guarantee Savings and Loan .
Judicial Watch said Clinton 's subsequent concealment of her role in the fraudulent transaction , including the hiding of her Rose Law Firm billing records concerning her legal work for Madison , were the subject of an Office of Independent Council , or OIC , obstruction of justice probe .
Finally , Judicial Watch found that the 1998 memo included substantial evidence Clinton and her former Rose Law Firm partners Hubbell and Foster – both of whom went on to senior positions in the Bill Clinton presidency – as complicit in activities that “ facilitated crimes . ”
Whitewater : The cover-up continues
The memo dated April 20 , 1998 , further confirmed that when Foster died , on or about July 20 , 1993 , Hillary Clinton , most likely with the complicity of White House Counsel Bernard Nussbaum , removed from Foster 's office Whitewater-related documents that Clinton did not want disclosed to the public .
Subsequently , Clinton managed to move the documents to a hiding place adjacent to her White House office , where they were found two years after Foster died .
Judicial Watch has pointed out that a Department of Justice memo from the Office of the Independent Counsel dated April 10 , 1998 , further documented the following :
In post-accident situations , it 's important to move victims as little as possible . A secondary injury could be worse than the first .
With this in mind , Danny Lin , a student at Art Center College of Design , in California , has a new take on the classic stretcher . His Lenify design breaks into three pieces , allowing first responders to slide head , body and leg sections under the patient in turn , minimizing how much they have to adjust .
“ I looked at a lot of video , and I saw some information about bad events that occurred from the regular stretcher , ” he says , “ so I started to think about how I could improve transporting weight . ”
To break down the stretcher , you release handles at the top , and then slide the smallest piece under the head , before closing two middle halves together . Finally , you can put the leg section , the biggest piece , in place . You make the board whole again by pushing back the handles .
“ Scoop ” stretchers do something similar , sliding two head-to-toe sections together . But Lin reckons his idea is superior . “ I think my design is better , because it goes into more pieces and can reduce more movement , ” he says .
Lenify is an entry to the James Dyson Awards , which will be announced in November .
Lin , who is Taiwanese , graduates this fall , and hopes to keep working on the project . He has yet to build a fully-working version , though he does have models for the handles , and a mini version that can carry sandbags , and other weights .
Most potential candidates declared their interest in running for the Labour leadership weeks ago , but there is now a new name in the mix : Jeremy Corbyn .
MP for Islington North since 1983 , Corbyn is a well-known figure on the left of the party , an ardent socialist and serial rebel who has been involved in the CND , the Stop the War Coalition and writes for the Morning Star .
News of Corbyn 's leadership intentions reached Twitter this week , with the New Statesman contributor and Daily Mirror associate editor tweeting the story :
Jeremy Corbyn running for Labour leader from the Left . Widens the debate but suspect he 'll struggle for 35 nominations — Kevin Maguire ( @ Kevin_Maguire ) June 3 , 2015
Corbyn told the Islington Tribune :
This decision to stand is in response to an overwhelming call by Labour members who want to see a broader range of candidates and a thorough debate about the future of the party . I am standing to give Labour party members a voice in this debate .
I have yet to hear back from Corbyn for comment .
As Labour has come increasingly under fire from members and some MPs for failing to field a leftwing candidate , Corbyn would provide an alternative voice in the contest , for which Liz Kendall , Andy Burnham , Yvette Cooper and Mary Creagh have declared . These figures have variously been accused of reheated Blairism or being too associated with Labour 's time in government to provide a fresh answer to the party 's problems .
The difficulty for Corbyn is that he has probably declared too late to pick up the 35 MPs ' signatures required to make the ballot paper . Andy Burnham , the unions ' favourite candidate , has already picked up over 50 names , some of whom may have backed Corbyn were he to have stated his intentions earlier in the race .
Corbyn would have a shot at being nominated were Burnham to lend some of his signatures , as David Miliband did for Diane Abbott in 2010 , to broaden the contest . However , what with the unions and some ordinary Labour members lusting for a leftier candidate , this may be too much of a risk for Burnham 's team to take . Compared to his rivals in the contest , he is the candidate of the left - it is unlikely he would want to dilute his leftwing support .
But the Morning Star 's parliamentary correspondent suggests Corbyn 's backers believe he can make the ballot :
When Oxide 's Ashes of the Singularity benchmark tool was released , NVIDIA issued a statement claiming that it does not consider this particular benchmark to represent what DX12 can achieve on its hardware . However , it seems that a lot has been going on in the background . According to one of Oxide 's developer , NVIDIA was pressuring Oxide to remove certain settings in its benchmark .
As Oxide 's developer claimed , NVIDIA 's PR department put pressure on the team in order to disable certain settings in its Ashes of the Singularity benchmark . Oxide refused to do so , which basically led to NVIDIA 's statement regarding Ashes of the Singularity .
“ There is no war of words between us and Nvidia . Nvidia made some incorrect statements , and at this point they will not dispute our position if you ask their PR . That is , they are not disputing anything in our blog . I believe the initial confusion was because Nvidia PR was putting pressure on us to disable certain settings in the benchmark , when we refused , I think they took it a little too personally . ”
Oxide 's developer also revealed that NVIDIA 's Maxwell does not support natively Async Compute , and that NVIDIA asked Oxide to disable it for its graphics cards .
“ Personally , I think one could just as easily make the claim that we were biased toward Nvidia as the only ‘ vendor ' specific code is for Nvidia where we had to shutdown async compute . By vendor specific , I mean a case where we look at the Vendor ID and make changes to our rendering path . Curiously , their driver reported this feature was functional but attempting to use it was an unmitigated disaster in terms of performance and conformance so we shut it down on their hardware . As far as I know , Maxwell does n't really have Async Compute so I do n't know why their driver was trying to expose that . The only other thing that is different between them is that Nvidia does fall into Tier 2 class binding hardware instead of Tier 3 like AMD which requires a little bit more CPU overhead in D3D12 , but I do n't think it ended up being very significant . This is n't a vendor specific path , as it 's responding to capabilities the driver reports . ”
All in all , it looks like AMD is currently in a position to challenge NVIDIA , especially when it comes to DX12-only games . It will also be interesting to see what will be NVIDIA 's reaction to this whole thing .
Home Daily News Did devotion to work play role in Sidley…
Legal Ethics
Did devotion to work play role in Sidley partner 's faked fares ? Suspension , treatment recommended
Image from Shutterstock .
A Sidley Austin partner who earned $ 3.5 million in his final year at the law firm is facing a possible one-year suspension for faking more than $ 69,000 in cab expenses .
The Hearing Board of the Illinois Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Commission recommended the one-year suspension , along with one year of psychiatric treatment , for Lee Smolen , who is now a partner in the Chicago office of DLA Piper . The Am Law Daily ( sub . req . ) , the Legal Profession Blog and Crain 's Chicago Business have stories ; the Jan. 7 report and recommendation are here .
Sidley 's general counsel , William Conlon , investigated the cab fares after a request by the firm 's executive committee . Conlon said he found the fares unusual because Smolen had told him he drove to work . Conlon found that Smolen parked his car in the parking garage nearly every day that he charged $ 70 to $ 80 for cab fare . Conlon said that , as far as he can recall , Smolen admitted his conduct was wrong , but said he felt entitled to the money because he came in early , stayed late and did a lot of practice development , the hearing report said .
An audit by KPMG identified about $ 69,800 in unacceptable cab expenses submitted by Smolen , and questioned $ 379,000 in additional reimbursed expenses , according to the hearing report . Smolen agreed the firm could withdraw $ 400,000 from his account to cover the expenses and the cost of the KPMG investigation .
Smolen testified he used the cab money to pay for client entertainment when he used cash without having to take time to make out the expense reports . He wanted more time to spend with family , he said , after his mother became seriously ill .
Psychiatrists testifying on Smolen 's behalf said he had generalized anxiety disorder , depressive disorder and obsessive compulsive personality disorder while at Sidley . Both found some link between the psychiatric problems and his conduct ; one said the OCD made Smolen excessively devoted to work .
Smolen slept only three or four hours a night and typically spent 12 to 15 hours a day at work , according to testimony before the hearing board .
The hearing board also noted that Smolen did not charge his false expenses to his clients , he admitted wrongdoing , and he was remorseful .
DLA Piper submitted a statement to the Am Law Daily about the case . “ The ARDC decision does not come as a surprise to us , and we stand by our original statement that , after our own due diligence and a thorough review of the facts , we decided to give great weight to the total body of Lee 's work over his 25-plus years as a lawyer , ” the statement said . “ We believe he has taken the right steps to move forward , and we support him as he continues in this process . ”
DLA previously said it is closely monitoring Smolen 's billable hours and expenses .
Related articles :
ABAJournal.com : “ DLA says it keeps a tight rein on partner who admits faking $ 69K in cab receipts at prior firm ”
ABAJournal.com : “ Ex-Sidley partner says $ 69K cab-fare reimbursement was used for firm-related purposes ”
ABAJournal.com : “ Ethics case launched over $ 69K in cab fare reimbursement for former partner ”
YESTERDAY the White House published a chart that explains how we got from the Clinton administration projection that the government would pay off its entire debt and then build up $ 2.3 trillion in savings by 2011 , to the $ 10.4 trillion in debt we actually wound up with . Of that $ 12.7 trillion shift , the Bush tax cuts account for $ 3 trillion . James Fallows explains : `` As the figures demonstrated , the Bush-era tax cuts , extended last year under Obama , were the biggest single policy source of deficit increase over the past ten years . Therefore you can be for reducing deficits , or you can be for preserving the tax cuts , but you can not rationally be for both . ''
I think there 's something else we need to look at in this chart . It 's the very first item at the top of the chart 's right-hand column : the shift in the debt profile that resulted from no policy change at all , but from `` Economic and technical changes ( eg , lower tax revenues due to recession ) '' . It 's $ 3.6 trillion .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
In other words , that massive surplus pile of government savings , or sovereign wealth , or whatever you want to call it , simply never existed . * The Clinton administration 's calculations in 2000 that the government would pay off its debt and accumulate savings of $ 2.3 trillion over the following ten years were wrong . And they were wrong not because of any stupid error or dramatically incorrect theory about the economic world , but simply because they failed to predict that the American economy would experience a financial crisis in 2008 , followed by the worst recession since the Great Depression and a historically anaemic recovery . ( I assume they failed to predict the 2001 tech-crash recession as well . ) The Clinton administration delivered a couple of years of real verifiable budget surpluses in the late 1990s , and if Clintonian levels of taxation and spending had continued , they likely would have generated annual surpluses that would have shrunk the debt by over $ 2 billion over the decade thereafter . But the forecast that they would have eliminated the debt entirely and replaced it with trillions of dollars in sovereign wealth was a mirage .
This is n't particularly surprising ; we simply do n't know how to make long-term projections about the economy or government revenues that do n't have trillions of dollars worth of error margin on either side . Which is why we need to be careful about budgeting and get our tax rates and our spending more or less in balance over the long term , running surpluses in good years and deficits in bad ones . The Bush tax cuts did the opposite : $ 3 trillion worth of tax cuts were predicated on the premise that we were returning the people `` their '' money . As it turned out , the money was n't there to return . Even without the tax cuts , the wars , or anything else , the government would have entered 2011 with $ 1.3 trillion in debt , not $ 2.3 trillion in savings . Basically , in the grip of careless enthusiasm about the economic future , we borrowed $ 3 trillion from bond markets and handed it out to citizens in rough proportion to how rich they already were . In the middle of a recovery . This is not a useful thing for the government to do .
* I 've changed the wording in this paragraph to avoid any potential reader confusion between annual budget surpluses , which Clinton-style budgets would have generated , versus an overall buildup of sovereign wealth rather than debt , which they would n't have . ( Incidentally , the fact that we do n't even have a readily available word for a buildup of sovereign wealth in the vocabulary we normally use to talk about the American government seems kind of worth noting . ) Additionally , I realise that if we had n't had the Bush tax cuts , the entire economic story of the past decade could be different ; perhaps we would n't have had the financial crisis . Or maybe we would have anyway . I do n't know , and I think that takes things too far . What I 'm trying to say in this post is that when you get a budget forecast that says , hey , over the next ten years we 're going to pay off our entire debt and then some , you should n't go rushing out to spend the money on massive decade-long multi-trillion-dollar tax cuts . Ten-year economic forecasts are not very accurate . Not to mention the fact that your decade-long tax cut will be very hard to repeal at the end of the decade .
Copyleft Without Coercion · Saturday June 25 , 2011 by Crosbie Fitch
said 2797 days ago : Thanks again for such a wonderful stream of crystal-clear thoughts . Would have never thought of the implications of coercion on the GPL . I think this is the first time I read about the ncGPL , and there may be a good reason : I 've googled a little about it and could n't find any other reference to ncGPL besides this very same article . Not sure what the plans are , but… are you planning about formalizing this proposed ncGPL into a proper license to be used by developers ? It seems to me that it could be a great way to massively spread the way of thinking promoted by Cultural Liberty and help others to think in terms of copyleft . I wonder what Richard Stallman would think of ncGPL , as it seems to take the fight for free sofware and liberties one step further .
Crosbie Fitch said 2797 days ago : Thanks Julián , The ncGPL is just a hypothetical variation of the GPL . Possibly it might influence GPLv4 , or failing that GPLv5 , but because this article is heresy to copyleft dogma ( that ‘ open source ' is only open because of a license obligation to publish source ) , I doubt this article is going to interest anyone except those who 've already recognised that power to compel others to publish source code is not exactly natural . I published this article primarily to prepare an argument on the matter with Mike Linksvayer . We 'd exchanged words on Identica and it was agreed more explanation was required on my part . See : identi.ca/conversation/72676222
said 2796 days ago : One of the things that particularly bothers me about licensing , libertarian or otherwise , is that it seems designed to be continued forever . In the first few centuries of copyright , at least the terms were finite and so works would eventually be freed . What concerns me now is that we may be heading into future of perpetual licenses , with nothing ever again going into the public domain . As a non-programmer , my concern with closed source code is that can turn my work into ransomeware . If I purchase software to edit video , say , and edit all my home movies in it using the proprietary format , my work is now locked inside that proprietary format . Which means : I ca n't take my partially edited file and work with it in different editing software ,
if the company goes out of business , or
simply decides to stop supporting if it 's all very well to say that no one should be compelled to publish sourcecode , but I disagree . Once the software is sold and out there , it must be open and accessible for consumer protection . In the pre-digital world , I could cut my film on a Moviola or a Steenbeck , but was not locked into a relationship with a single manufacturer . Closed source puts consumers , artists and the culture at the mercy of manufacturers .
Crosbie Fitch said 2794 days ago : Hi Laurel , If you have a problem with the term of licenses , you have a problem with the term of copyright . And as only licenses can restore the liberties that copyright suspends , if you hope for liberty you 'd better hope that such licenses last as long as the copyright ( in some cases they do n't ) . As for obscure file-formats , these are a further epiphenomenon of copyright . If you can sell copies , then not only do n't you need to sell the source , but you do n't need to sell documentation of the file-format . Whereas , without copyright you have to sell the source ( if you want to get paid for writing it ) , and if the source is published , the file-format is far easier to understand and document – moreover , the person paid for writing the source , is likely to get paid far more if they document the file-format . Without copyright you might feel you still need the power to break people 's doors down , severely fine them or imprison them if they publish a binary without source , but such power is unnatural and unethical . This article attempts to explain why such power is not needed , indeed why such power could even be removed from the GPL without affecting people 's incentive to publish source code with their GPL derivatives . I suggest that , without copyright , the civilised approach and ethical incentive is to offer software engineers money in exchange for the publication of their work . Do not make it a crime for them to publish a free binary demo of their work in advance of being paid for their work . Similarly , do n't fine musicians for releasing a free MP3 demo file in advance of selling the score and FLAC versions of each component track of their digital master . Demand only your liberty back , do n't deny an artist the privacy that enables them to sell their unpublished work . If you do n't like closed source then you do n't like copyright . Do n't make the error of inferring that an ephiphenomenon of copyright warrants a new unnatural , power to compel disclosure . Just abolish copyright . Do n't replace one instrument of injustice with another .
said 2793 days ago : Actually , Crosbie , I 'm not keen on either closed source or copyright . But there is a world of difference difference between : ( 1 ) a software engineer publishing “ a free binary demo ” ( or a musician publishing “ a free binary demo ” of their work ) prior to selling a copy of their work , and , ( 2 ) a software engineer selling me a copy of their work with the source code locked up ( or an RIAA corporation selling me anything locked behind DRM ) . A publisher of anything generates income by selling copies . No copyright law anywhere in the world does anything to restrain any publisher from giving away free copies , in whole or in part . Nor would they . After all , that has long been one of the primary means a publisher has of promoting their wares . Copyright uses the force of law to compel restrictions on people 's freedom to enjoy cultural works , just as closed source uses obscurity to compel restrictions on people 's freedom to enjoy software works . [ The same software publishers who lock up their source code tend to avail themselves of copyright law and/or software patents to add the force of law to their assault on their customers ' liberty . ] I am in complete agreement with your statement that “ It has to be recognised that people have a right to privacy and if there 's anything they do n't want to make public , they do n't have to make it public. ” Frankly , I would never advocate compelling software engineers to publish . Like novelists , software engineers are always free to write their code and hold it close , never publishing it at all . But , of course , like novelists , once software engineers elect to publish their software , they have themselves ventured outside of the private domain . When I purchase a copy of a book that is “ protected ” by copyright , I at least have access to its entire contents . The effect of closed source software is akin to selling a copy of a novel , and then , after the customer has paid the agreed price for it , charging the customer a second time for the key to the final chapter . Effectively making closed source code ethically worse than copyright . Most consumers are not aware we are being sold a pig in a poke . Disingenuous sales practices fool customers into believing we are purchasing software when in fact , thanks to the most outrageous legal legerdemain , we are merely licensing it . Even further , most users would never dream that it is not within our rights to use such software as we see fit , and are unaware they are legally restricted to using such software only according to the dictates of the publisher ( who may , or may not , be the software engineer ) . Consumer protection laws must at minimum compel a warning to inform consumers what they are getting . Software may be nearly universally adopted but neither software nor licensing is by any means universally understood by users . In the absence of such warnings , customers are essentially being defrauded . Society must be protected , particularly when the pace of innovation unfairly disadvantages human beings . Still , society allows unfettered infringement of personal liberty only at its own peril , which is why I am disinclined to the idea of legal compulsion beyond consumer warnings . Education and freely available information will take up the slack . Even without such warnings and education , human beings are adaptable , which is why , as more people are becoming aware of the way closed source software infringes on their liberty , more and more are abandoning that Sisyphean treadmill . If you give me something , like a “ free demo , ” it is conceivable that there might be strings attached . If you sell me something , even a copy , any imposition of restrictions , by either legal or physical means infringes on my liberty .
said 2792 days ago : Crosbie , I am not sure you are taking into account the TIVO 's of the world . There are certainly current developers of derivatives of GPL software that do not publish their sources and other who take other steps to prevent you from running changed sources even if you have them . It is of course one thing to have certain freedoms restored in a generally non-free game and another to have a free game restored .
Crosbie Fitch said 2792 days ago : Good point Drew . However , where the GPL fails , the ncGPL can not do better . Expensive devices ( Tivos or games consoles as opposed to binary files ) with which binaries are included should still be treated as expensive device plus free software demo ( per the ncGPL the binary can still be freely copied ) . The source is unpublished because the developer has n't yet been paid for it . Offer them an equitable amount of money for the source and per the ncGPL you are at liberty to share it . If I sell you a black box that does something useful , then without copyright or patent , that box can not constrain your liberty . Sure , reverse engineering is hard , especially without the source code and designs , but you remain free to do it . That I could make that task easier by giving you further information still does n't actually impinge upon your freedom . Alternatively , if I 'd bound you with manacles and omitted to provide you with the 4-digit code to the combination lock , then I 've bound you , but that 's because the manacles constrain your freedom , not because I 've omitted to give you the code . Not providing information to someone does not by itself impinge upon their liberty . I 've pointed out this error in the ‘ four freedoms ' before . See The Seduction of Social Sanctity
Jose_X said 2782 days ago : Hey Crosbie , you drew me here from an article by Nina Paley where she wonders why some free software developers tend to make exceptions for opinion writings in what licenses they use and in rights they give ( as if to preserve the integrity of opinions when they believe in allowing source code modifications ) . www.techdirt.com/art… What I tried to explain in a comment there , as relates to this article , was that trade secrets in software are not easy to decipher and can lead to significant “ harm ” . There are security implications , and it is a path to significant lock in . A major reason to hide source is to facilitate a monopoly . It 's not that competitors want to know roughly how your software works in order to compete , is that potentially without exact duplication ( bug for bug ) , they are at a significant disadvantage in terms of interfacing in important areas , including by understanding precisely the wide range of created user documents or data . A small misunderstanding ( think of “ Place paragraph in blue , 12 inches down ” vs. “ Place half of paragraph in red , 56 feet down ” ) , can lead to horrendous results , even if the competing software is otherwise 10X better . We have network effects to deal with at a level that do n't exist for ordinary consumer goods . You can even create extremely complex protocols or security back doors where the details are changed in real-time over the Internet ( eg , where the details are n't known until run time when the missing key bits are downloaded , encrypted and time spread ) . The evidence can then be removed . It took a long time to decipher the Rosetta Stone . How much easier would it have been if we simply had a manual to the language ? The issue with software is not identical to this , but , there are costs , like with any other reverse engineering , and one where the changes may occur very frequently ( and compilers can take a tiny change in source code , in logic , and produce a very different iteration of the compilation because the mappings are many to many not one-to-one ) . Imagine the Rosetta language changing every hour as we are trying to “ crack ” the code ( of the moment ) . [ some more… ] As I mentioned on that thread , I think without copyright , we would come closer to cracking the codes or at least to better determine that the code is changing a lot . The real solution is to have people avoid the monopolies ; however , software 's effect is not something we see , and lock in and network effects take hold and create unfair marketplaces . Calling something unfair is a judgement call , but just as brand and past good experiences lead people to avoid many restaurants and go to particular ones , the problem with software is that it has network effects ( “ everyone ” goes to the same ones ) and also it really is easier to change food restaurants because you do n't have to invest a lot in learning the new foods or in interfacing with existing foods you 've eaten in the past . My decision on copyright : I would like no copyright ( as you do ) but not if it would only apply to software . My view is that society would gain so much overall from no copyright ( or a weak version ) that it would make up for risks in software . Note , that the GPLv2 is “ flawed ” in at least 4 important ways . Patents are not resolved . We have “ tivoization ” ( v3 issues ) . We have online hosting companies ( AGPL issues ) . The copyleft creates inflexibility . These problems make it easier to agree that no copyright across the board ( culture including ) would be the best .
The official blog for stage musical adaptation of QuinRose 's Alice in the Country of Hearts ( Heart no Kuni no Alice - Wonderful Wonder World ) game unveiled the main cast in costume on Friday . The musical will run from February 4 to February 11 in Tokyo .
The cast includes :
Kiyo Matsumoto ( Amnesia the musical ) as Alice Liddell
Yū Yoshioka ( Prince of Tennis the Musical , Sengoku Basara the stage play ) as Blood Dupre
Ryoko Isogai ( Amnesia the musical , Samurai 7 the stage play ) as Elliot March
Mikako Ishii ( Sailor Moon the musical ) as Vivaldi
Takeshi Hayashino ( Prince of Tennis the musical , Macross the musical ) as Mary Gowland
Riku Ozeki as Peter White
Kento Masui ( Yowamushi Pedal stage play ) as Tweedle Dee
Keito Sakurai as Tweedle Dum
Masato Saki as Ace
Seiya Konishi as Boris Airay
Yoshihito Narimatsu as Julius Monrey
Shungo Takasaki ( Gurren Lagann , Hamatora stage plays ) as Nightmare
QuinRose 's Alice fantasy romance adventure game franchise reimagines Lewis Carroll 's classic fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland with bishōnen . It has inspired the Alice in the Country of Hearts : Wonderful Wonder World anime and a large collection of spinoff manga . The original game launched in English for iOS and Android this past summer .
Tokyopop published the first Alice in the Country of Hearts manga adaptation in North America , and Yen Press picked up the license and finished the series in 2011 . Yen Press also released the two-volume Alice in the Country of Hearts : My Fanatic Rabbit series . Seven Seas has published still more of the manga spinoffs and a light novel inspired by the Alice franchise .
[ Via Nijimen ]
The subtext in Secretary of State Kerry 's agonizing over whether to label ISIS 's systematic , premeditated rape and slaughter of Christians , Yazidis and Shi'ites in Syria is what it means for the million-and-a-half skeletons in Turkey 's closet . There is little objective doubt that during World War I , Turkey murdered around 1.5 million Armenians , but Turkey can not abide the least suggestion that it engaged in genocide , and the US has thus far deferred to Turkish sensibilities .
The US 's failure to recognize the Armenian Genocide and Turkey 's culpability , and to induce Turkey to learn from that dark period in its history undermines the US 's ability to identify and condemn genocide elsewhere . This is the undercurrent in Secretary of State Kerry 's bizarre inability to call a spade a spade in Northern Syria .
In brief , the 2015 omnibus spending bill included a requirement that the State Department make a determination of whether ISIS was engaged in genocide . Anticipating and perhaps hoping to guide the results of that State Department review , on Monday the House of Representatives passed an unanimous resolution declaring that ISIS 's actions are genocide . That resolution has no legal effect .
Wednesday , the State Department said it would not meet this week 's deadline , but at some point Kerry changed his mind and finally admitted Thursday what we all know . Yes , ISIS has perpetrated genocide in Syria .
For more background read Miriam Elman on the House 's resolution calling ISIS 's atrocities genocide , and Kerry ‘ s reluctant agreement on behalf of the State Department .
Echoes Of The Armenian Genocide
For Kerry and the State Department , the difficulty is that labeling ISIS 's behavior genocide opens the door to Armenians calling once again for recognizing their own suffering .
The connection is imperfect , of course , but no less obvious . For one , the victimized Armenian population was concentrated just across Syria 's Northern border in modern Eastern Turkey . Both Turkey and Syria were , at the time , part of the Ottoman Empire , and it is believed many Armenians died amid forced marches into Syria itself .
There are other parallels , if a bit strained . A hundred years ago , Muslim Turks slaughtered Armenian Christians , today ISIS slaughters Christians , Yazidis and Shi'ites . A hundred years ago , Turkey acted amidst the chaos and distraction of first World War ; today ISIS 's crimes come amid the broader chaos of the Syrian civil war and Iraq 's re-descent into chaos . Turkey , too , is using the cover of anti-ISIS operations to act out another ethnic hatred , this time against the Kurds .
And of course the scale of the Armenian Genocide dwarfs ISIS 's crimes by nearly two orders of magnitude .
Deferring To Turkish Opposition
So why has n't the US acknowledged the Armenian genocide ? Because Turkey refuses to , and really does n't want us to , either .
According to Defense One , that has n't stopped other branches of government less influenced by foreign feeling from taking a more principled stand :
Each year , on Apr . 24 , Armenians all over the world honor the dead , along with the governments of more than 20 nations , including Canada , Sweden , Italy , France , Argentina , and Russia , to name a few . The United States of America—home to the second-largest Armenian community outside of Armenia—does not . On Mar . 18 , 2015 , four US congressmen—representatives Robert Dold of Illinois , Adam Schiff of California , David Valadao of California , and Frank Pallone of New Jersey—introduced a bipartisan resolution to formally recognize the Armenian genocide at the federal level . According to a press release , the Armenian Truth and Justice Resolution “ calls upon the administration to work toward equitable , constructive and durable Armenian-Turkish relations based upon the Republic of Turkey 's full acknowledgement of the facts and ongoing consequences of the Armenian Genocide. ” That last part is important . If you 're wondering what 's kept the US government from recognizing the Armenian genocide all these years , the answer is simple : the Republic of Turkey . The successor state to the Ottoman Empire has adamantly denied the Armenian genocide for decades—preferring to characterize the violence as part of the broader chaos that broke out in the wake of World War I . Historians generally agree that Turkey 's Armenians were targeted for supposedly cooperating with the Russians during the war . Others , however , point out that interethnic animosity between Turks and Armenians stretches back hundreds of years . In 2014 , members of the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations adopted a resolution to “ remember and observe the the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on Apr . 24. ” Turkey 's government objected strongly , claiming the verbiage ( referring to the conflict as a “ genocide , ” to be precise ) “ distorts history and law. ” “ We condemn those who led this prejudiced initiative , ” the Turkish foreign ministry wrote in a statement . . . . despite what appears to be blatant doublespeak on the part of Turkish lawmakers , the US government remains steadfastly silent on the issue . At the same time , it 's not exactly difficult to determine why . Given the fraught nature of US operations in the Middle East today , it 's likely the nominal recognition of the Armenian genocide is n't a top priority for the White House or state department—Turkey being a key regional ally .
Turkey 's response to US legislative movement tells the story – the Turks are not prepared to face their past . That simple fact , and Turkey 's geopolitical strategic importance has skewed the American response for generations .
During the Cold War , Turkey was NATO 's Eastern-most member and gave access to the Black Sea and Central Asia . Since the end of the Cold War , Turkey has provided access to Iraq ( twice ) and other Middle-East hotspots . Presidents and Secretaries of State have deemed Turkey 's cooperation too vital to risk recognizing remote crimes .
That risk remains . US/Turkey , NATO/Turkey and EU/Turkey relations are all already strained after 15 years of an increasing Islamist bent and declining freedoms in Turkey , and a migrant crisis that threatens to rip apart the EU itself . Acknowledging the Armenian Genocide would exacerbate these tensions .
Time To Confront The Past
Yet confronting ISIS 's genocide while ignoring Turkey 's rings false , and Armenian Americans are already making the linkage explicit . When the House unanimously passed a resolution declaring ISIS 's campaign genocide on Monday , the House 's only Representative of Armenian dissent , Rep. Anna Eshoo ( D-CA ) , released a statement to CNS News :
“ The U.S. House of Representatives sent a message around the world by declaring the atrocities being committed against ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria is an act of genocide . “ This is a seminal moment for the House to have taken up the resolution and passed it unanimously ” . . . “ The passage of this resolution is deeply meaningful to me as the only Member of Congress of Assyrian and Armenian descent . This genocide is a repeat of what my family endured . My grandparents were being persecuted and hunted down in the Middle East because they were Christians . “ I pray for the day that there will be peace in the region so that these ancient faith communities will be safe in their ancestral homeland . The stability and the cultural identity of the Middle East depend on this [ . ] ”
Eshoo is right . ISIS 's crimes are part of a pattern of horrors in the Middle-East , where ethnic cleansing remains the norm in times of war . From Saddam Hussein 's chemical attacks on Iraqi-Kurdish civilians , to the Shi'ite/Sunni sectarian terrorism of the mid-2000s , widespread anti-Christian violence , and the total ethnic cleansing of Jews across the Arab world over the last half-century , ethnic , racial and religious violence is endemic .
The Armenian Genocide is part of that pattern , too , and the US should be speaking out against all of it , honestly and without blinders .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , under mounting criticism of his government 's handling of security threats , promised to encircle the country in an uninterrupted strip of barriers .
The multiyear project will cost billions of shekels and “ surround the entire State of Israel with security fences to protect ourselves in the current and projected Middle East , ” Netanyahu said Tuesday while touring a fence being built on the border with Jordan .
In the surroundings in which we live , we have to defend ourselves against beasts of prey .
“ In the surroundings in which we live , we have to defend ourselves against beasts of prey , ” he said .
The prime minister articulated his vision of sealing off Israel from enemies following four months of stabbing , shooting and hit-and-run attacks by Palestinians , and reports of Gaza militants building infiltration tunnels into Israel . More than two dozen Israelis and about 170 Palestinians , most of them attackers , have died in the violence , centered inside Israel and the West Bank .
Opposition leader Isaac Herzog accused Netanyahu of compromising the country 's security and prospects for peacemaking by not completing the security barrier that 's been under construction along and inside the West Bank for more than a decade .
Separation from the Palestinians would choke off the current round of attacks on Israelis and allow for the resumption of peace moves by easing the animus between the sides , Herzog , leader of the centrist Zionist Union bloc , told reporters in Jerusalem on Wednesday .
“ Once you have security and once you calm down the situation , you can move again to a process that 's pragmatic and real and tangible , ” he said .
“ Reality calls right now to understand that peace is not around the corner . What needs to be done is to separate from the Palestinians as much as possible . ”
Israel began building the West Bank enclosure after a wave of suicide bombings , citing security needs . Palestinian leaders consider it a land grab because it dips into the West Bank in parts . It 's also been a point of contention with the Palestinians because it cuts some of them off from farmlands and facilities on the other side of the route .
Barriers , some incomplete , have also been built on the borders with the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip , Egypt , Jordan , Syria and Lebanon . But Netanyahu is under pressure to show he 's taking action against growing security threats , including tunnels Gaza Strip militants are digging to infiltrate Israel .
Palestinian militants used such passages from Gaza to send armed fighters across the border in Israel 's 2014 war with Gaza . Rebuffing claims of government inaction , chief of staff Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot said eliminating the tunnel threat was a top priority . Military personnel are using specialized engineering equipment and close to 100 vehicles to detect them , he said at a conference on Tuesday . They 're also developing tunnel detection technology along with the U.S .
At least 10 Gazans have been killed in recent weeks by collapsing tunnels , most recently on Tuesday . At one funeral , Hamas deputy chief Ismail Haniyeh vowed to continue building the group 's network of underground passages and fighting Israel “ until the liberation of the holy places in Jerusalem . ”
Wiping out the underground corridors was one of the military 's chief aims during the 2014 conflict . Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon told Israel Radio last week that every report of underground noises by frontier residents was checked , and nothing has been located underneath Israeli homes .
To all my fellow Partners in Conscientious Crime : I have been swamped lately trying to get Santa ready for Christmas .
All my elves have been working overtime . Cracking the whip takes a lot out of me and I often need to take a “ time out ” to gather my diabolical thoughts and smoke a healthy marijuana cigarette .
Occupy Christmas has asked us not to get too caught up in the spirit of shopping for plastic shit from foreign lands that make the elite even richer . It will probably get thrown out anyway . They encourage us ( and so does ex-con Martha Stewart ) to make your gifts this year or buy from a local mom-and-pop shop .
So this year I propose you give your friends and family something they really want for the holidays … WEED !
But do n't just hand it to them in the time honored baggie . Dress it up a bit .
Spinakopita Puff Pastry
Ingredients
1/2-cup butter
12 grams Shake Flour ( see recipe below )
1 cup finely diced onion
6 cups fresh spinach and or broccoli
1/2 cup chopped parsley
1/2 tsp salt
Dash of pepper
3 tbsp fresh chopped dill
1.5 cup of feta cheese
5 eggs
8 sheets of phyllo pastry
1/2 cup melted butter
Directions
1 . Pre-heat oven 350°F .
2 . Melt 1/2-cup butter in saucepan and put in small dish for brushing phyllo pastry .
3 . Begin sautéing butter and * shake flour in saucepan . After a few minutes add your diced onions . Then after another 5 minutes add your broccoli .
4 . While those are sautéing generously grease your baking pan with melted butter .
5 . Brush melted butter on phyllo pastry one sheet at a time layering the pan with about 5 sheets .
6 . Remove sauté from stove and pour into baking pan with phyllo pasty layers .
7 . Crumble feta cheese evenly over filling .
8 . Toss on top chopped parsley , dill , salt and pepper .
9 . Whip eggs slightly and them pour them evenly over filling .
10 . Fold excess phyllo pastry over filling to create a top .
11 . Add another layer or two of phyllo pastry bushed with melted butter on top . Cut excess off around sides and fold the rest into the pan .
12 . Place in pre-heated oven for 40 minutes .
13 . Remove from oven and flip immediately onto serving tray .
14 . Garnish and serve .
Shake Flour
Directions
1 . ) Dry marijuana leaves .
2 . ) Ground into powder and sift .
For extra conversion resulting in higher potency place desire amount of shake flour into a crock-pot with secure lid and dry cook on low heat for 1 hour .
See more episodes of “ Baking a Fool of Myself ” on Cannabis Culture or visit the Baking a Fool of Myself website .
Once upon a time , extremist anti-LGBT activist Theodore Shoebat had high hopes for a Donald Trump presidency , but that was before the GOP nominee held up an “ LGBTs for Trump ” rainbow flag at a rally in Colorado last night .
In a video posted last night , Shoebat fumed that Trump has been utterly corrupted by gay billionaire Peter Thiel and is now “ bowing down to the sodomite agenda , ” calling for both of them to be put to death .
“ In an ideal society , anyone who supports homosexuality would be put to death , ” Shoebat said . “ Bastards like Peter Thiel over here would be hung or burned at the stake , and rightfully so . And guys like Donald Trump—I 'm sorry , holding up that faggot flag , it 's unforgivable to me , it 's unforgivable—and in an ideal society , people like Mr. Trump would also be put to death as well , and rightfully so . ”
by
Obama 's years in office have produced abysmal ethical failures . How does he compare to some of the most famous villains of the American zeitgeist ?
* Avon Barksdale : he only kills children inadvertently
* Anton Chigurh : murders lots of people , but never children
* Walter White : has only murdered a few children
* Marlo Stanfield : at least he 's honest about murdering children
* Freddy Krueger : he only kills children who fall asleep
* Al Swearengen : violent but never sanctimonious
* Dwight Schrute : sycophantic and conniving , but too incompetent to wiretap the office
* Sue Sylvester ( gym teacher in Glee ) : her evil is performed in the service of ultimate good
* Jar Jar Binks : an annoying spectacle of high-tech minstrelsy whose voting record in the Galactic Senate is more defensible than Obama 's voting record in the U.S. Senate
* Dexter Morgan : has a much more stringent code than Obama
* Pinhead : a literal name , he is more coherent than metaphorical counterparts Joe Biden and Samantha Power
* Tony Soprano : also heads a criminal enterprise , but detests government surveillance
* Nurse Ratched : loses her vocal chords , which leads to reduced lying and conniving
* Jason Voorhies : let 's be honest ; most of his victims were asking for it
* Annie Wilkes ( Misery ) : has one redeeming quality , her genuine love of reading
* Hannibal Lecter : he eats politicians ; sounds like a decent chap to me
* Montgomery “ Monty ” Burns : evil personified , but not evil enough to have hired Larry Summers
* John Kreese ( Cobra Kai sensei ) : tries to throttle Mr. Miyagi ; even if he had succeeded he would have harmed less Asians than Obama
* Dr. No : atomic-powered radio beams are no match for drones and the Iron Dome
* Keyser Soze : actually , just as unethical as Obama , but way less irritating
* The Wicked Witch of the West : merely terrifies children , never bombs them
* Dr . Evil : ethically , a wash with Obama , but ultimately comes out ahead because his lackey , Mini-Me , is more tolerable than Matthew Yglesias , and Rachel Maddow
* Patrick Bateman : there 's a chance his violence is imaginary ; Obama 's is undoubtedly real
* Livia Soprano : unlike Obama , she hates the healthcare industry
* Mrs. Carmody ( The Mist ) : her cult is smaller and less indoctrinated than Obama 's
* Skeletor : like Obama , seeks total control of the universe , but keeps his tactics aboveboard
* O-Dog : redeemed himself and became the dashing poet Love Jones
* Tony Montana : a ruthless gangster whose refusal to bomb children precipitates his downfall
* Biff Tannen : treats McFly much better than Obama treats Manning and Snowden
* Darth Vader : he destroys an entire planet , but never pretends he wants to save it
* Gustavo “ Gus ” Fring : like Obama , excellent at public relations , but displays no evidence of fealty to Israel
* Mr. Rooney ( Ferris Bueller 's principal ) : finally acknowledges the downside of habitual snooping and meddling
* Michael Corleone : more disappointed in Obama than he was in Fredo
* Bill O'Reilly : just kidding ! He 's even worse than Obama
Steven Salaita 's latest book is Israel 's Dead Soul . Follow him on Twitter @ stevesalaita
Oops ! Something went wrong while submitting the form .
We 'll use this info to contact you to set up an account .
eevo enables the creation of interactive and virtual reality experiences using 360 videos , spatial audio , and our online drag and drop editor .
Create powerful experiences See all products
The Composer An online toolset for creating user-controlled experiences . Use this drag and drop editor to easily add hotspots to your 360/VR content , creating branching stories and interactive audio experiences .
Spatial Audio The Composer lets you easily create immersive and interactive audio experiences . Upload any audio file and make it interactive , spatialize any audio file in a scene , or upload an ambisonic mix .
Get analytics and
scale with custom apps See all products
Analytics / CMS eevo gives you control of your work and team . Analyze user journeys and measure the success of your content . Use a CMS to assign user roles and manage your 360/VR content from build to publish .
James E. Hansen , head of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies , declared Aug. 3 that a new study by him and colleagues Makiko Sato and Reto Ruedy proves global warming is causing the extreme weather dominating the news in recent years . The study was published today online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) . Hansen asserts in an op-ed for The Washington Post , that “ for the extreme hot weather of the recent past , there is virtually no explanation other than climate change . ”
Hansen is famous for his 1988 congressional testimony declaring that human-caused global warming had begun . That testimony , along with Hansen 's projections that greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) would cause further temperature increases , helped propel climate change into public consciousness and policy debate . Hansen now says his projections about increasing temperatures “ have been proved true ” but that , in fact , he “ failed to fully explore how quickly that average rise would drive an increase in extreme weather . ”
It 's been common up to now for climate scientists to state that rising temperatures “ load the dice ” or change the odds so that extreme weather is more likely . For example , a July study from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency ( NOAA ) found that “ Cold Decembers are half as likely to occur now versus fifty years ago , whereas warm Novembers are now 62 times more likely . ”
But the new study goes further than that . The researchers charted the world 's changing temperatures over the past 30 years and found that “ the extremes of unusually cool and , even more , the extremes of unusually hot are being altered so they are becoming both more common and more severe , ” Hansen writes . Extreme-heat events , Hansen says , “ used to be exceedingly rare. ” But the study identifies a new category of events that it calls “ summertime extremely hot outliers. ” The researchers write that “ This hot extreme , which covered much less than 1 percent of Earth 's surface during the base period [ 1951-1980 ] , now typically covers about 10 percent of the land area . ”
Climate scientists are usually hesitant to connect any one weather event with climate change . But the new study gets more direct , stating that :
It follows that we can state , with a high degree of confidence , that extreme anomalies such as those in Texas and Oklahoma in 2011 and Moscow in 2010 were a consequence of global warming because their likelihood in the absence of global warming was exceedingly small .
In his essay Hansen says that new analysis shows that such events “ will become even more frequent and more severe. ” Hansen , who is not just a scientist but also an environmental activist , believes the climate change problem can be fought by imposing “ a gradually rising fee on carbon collected from fossil-fuel companies , with 100 percent of the money rebated to all legal residents on a per capita basis. ” Such a measure would “ stimulate innovations and create a robust clean-energy economy . ”
+ Perception of Climate Change Study
Via The Washington Post
Chart credit : NASA
Photo credit : tarsandsaction , CC BY 2.0
Seth Rogen had some questions , and Woz had some answers . The actor and the engineer , Steve ( Woz ) Wozniak , got acquainted during the making of the new film “ Steve Jobs , ” in which Rogen plays Woz , who founded Apple Computer with Jobs . They recently met again for an advance look at “ Silicon City , ” an exhibition , at the New-York Historical Society , about innovations in technology .
Rogen , who arrived late and a bit glassy-eyed , examined a conference table covered with gizmos and homed in on the Picturephone Model 2 , from 1969 , a “ Jetsons ” -style precursor to Facetime . “ How did it work ? ” he asked .
Woz , eager to explain the mechanics of everything , stroked his salt-and-pepper beard and admitted , “ This size screen , over the phones of that day—I do not know the answer myself . ”
Rogen uttered his distinctive cartoon-dog chuckle . He bent over “ Theseus Mouse , ” a rudimentary fifty rodent with a tail , and said , “ And is this the first mouse ? Ha-ha , got you ! ”
“ Actually , it is , ” Woz replied . His explanation of how the magnetized mouse could run a maze led him , eventually , to the emergence of artificial intelligence . After nodding along for a while , Rogen said , “ They wo n't just kill us all , right ? ”
“ No , ” Woz reassured him . “ If computers get smarter than humans , they 're going to realize , ‘ Nature 's important , and humans are a part of nature , and we should work on solving the problems of the world . ' Some of them will even be movie directors— ”
“ Uh-oh . ”
Woz noted that the difficulty in emulating human consciousness lay in replicating memory : “ It seems to be everywhere in the brain , like a hologram . ”
“ Could there be inherited memories ? ” Rogen wondered . “ My dog , whenever she eats , she wipes her face off like there 's blood on it . And she 's lived on a couch her whole life. ” The men regarded each other curiously .
In the film , written by Aaron Sorkin and directed by Danny Boyle , we see Jobs , the master showman , preparing to introduce three new computers , across a span of fourteen years , and sparring each time with his workplace family . Rogen 's Woz repeatedly tries to get Jobs to publicly acknowledge the team behind the Apple II , the company 's only profit center . No dice . At last , Woz , who built the first Apple II himself , calls Jobs an asshole and declares , “ I am tired of being Ringo when I know I was John ! ”
Woz said , “ I was so glad with the way Seth portrayed me . If I 'd had the nerve to say those things in real life , to say the truth—which is that Steve could n't execute , and all his products , from Apple III to the Lisa to the Macintosh , failed—that 's how I would have wanted to say them . Politely and respectfully . ”
“ Well , it was fun to seem smart , ” Rogen said . “ The movie is very confrontational , because drama is all about conflict . But you 're maybe the least confrontational person I 've ever met . You 're easygoing , you 're happy— ”
“ I could tell you a story I may never have told in public , ” Woz said .
“ O.K . ! ”
“ I left Apple—though I was still officially Employee 1—to make a universal remote control . We hired the design company Steve used , Frog Design— ”
“ You did tell me this ! ”
“ —for our remote-control casing . Steve came by on his bicycle and saw they were doing work for me . He threw the parts against the wall and said , ‘ Put them in a box and ship them to me . I own everything you do . ' ”
“ And did you confront him after that ? ”
Woz shook his head . “ Because we were always friends , you know , even when he thought we weren't. ” Wistfully , he added , “ In the movie , Steve Jobs says to me , ‘ I play the orchestra . And you 're a good musician , you sit right there , you 're the best in your row . ' I would have preferred me to have said , ‘ But I 'm the best in my row and every row . ' ” Then , brightening , he said that Jobs deserved enormous credit , later , for introducing the iPod and understanding the importance of the Cloud .
“ I do n't keep my photos on the Cloud , ” Rogen said . “ I have hacking issues ” —a reference to the Sony Entertainment hack apparently provoked by Rogen 's film “ The Interview . ”
Woz frowned and said , “ I use Siri more than anything else in my life . ”
“ Really ? ” Rogen asked . “ For what ? ”
Woz shot his sleeve and addressed his Apple Watch in a presentational manner : “ Hey , Siri— ‘ What is the tallest mountain in New York ? ' ” Long pause . “ It says , ‘ Use your phone to search . ' O.K. , let me see if Siri knows some really weird words . ‘ Hey Siri— ‘ What is eiπ ? ' ” He frowned . “ It thought I said ‘ iPod . ' But I 'm sticking with it ! ”
“ Because you think it 'll get better ? ” Rogen said , indicating the march of progress behind them .
“ Because it 's family. ” ♦
PASSENGERS on flight MH17 may have been conscious for `` more than a minute '' after a Russian-made missile hit the jet , an official report has found .
GETTY INVESTIGATION : The Boeing 777 plane was brought down in July 2014
Ten Brits died in the disaster over rebel-controlled eastern Ukraine last year . The report , published by the Dutch Safety Board ( DSB ) , concluded the plane was shot down by a Russian-made Buk missile . The report said : `` It can not be ruled out that some occupants remained conscious for some time during the one to one–and–a–half minutes for which the crash lasted . '' Relatives had been told by the DSB in The Hague earlier that loved-ones would have died very soon after the missile hit the Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur flight . The report comes as the European Union 's aviation regulator issued a safety bulletin warning airlines to consider redirecting routes away from long-range Russian missiles in the Caspian Sea . A barrage of missiles has been fired in recent weeks towards Syria nearly 1,000 miles away .
GETTY DENIAL : Russia has always claimed it was not responsible for downing the passenger plane
First copies of # MH17 aviation report - hoping to share content soon # Ukraine pic.twitter.com/ixKwqpwpGK — anna holligan ( @ annaholligan ) October 13 , 2015
Barry Sweeney , whose son Liam died in the crash , had said it was a relief that passengers probably did not suffer before the report was made available to the media . He told the BBC : `` We ca n't be 100 % certain but we think that this was the case . We have to think they did n't suffer '' . But it was later confirmed that passengers may have been alive for 90 seconds after the missile hit . A criminal report will be released next year which is likely to indicate who was to blame for the disaster which killed 298 people . Vladimir Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told how Russia was upset its side of the story was not being heard . Mr Peskov said : `` There are facts delivered by the Russia side that for unclear reasons are being apparently ignored . `` [ Russia has ] repeatedly expressed its disappoinment over the lack of proper level of cooperation and engagement of the Russian experts into the investigation . ''
Part of the nose and business class sections have been rebuilt around a steel frame . A grim sight . # MH17 pic.twitter.com/DJ9EeHqDeH — Imelda Flattery ( @ Imeldaflattery ) October 13 , 2015
REUTERS PROBE : A Malaysian air crash investigator inspects the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Fligh ...
REUTERS GRIEF : Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko ( R ) and Dutch ambassador to Ukraine Kees Klompen ...
Obituary – Dame Di Ellis , 1938 – 2017
Dame Di Ellis , Honorary President and former Chairman of British Rowing passed away on Thursday , 18 May after a short illness
It is with great sadness that British Rowing reports the death of Dame Di Ellis who passed away peacefully on Thursday morning ( 18 May ) following a short illness .
Dame Di was an instrumental figure and stalwart of British rowing for over 60 years . During her life , she was an inspiration and champion to so many , both within rowing and across the wider British sporting landscape . Her enduring love of rowing , her grace and fortitude will never be matched ; she will be dearly missed by all .
A private funeral for family only will be held . Details regarding the memorial service , which will be held at St Mary 's , Henley , will be shared in due course . The family asks that any messages of condolence are sent through British Rowing – 6 Lower Mall , London , W6 9DJ .
Dame Di Ellis , 1938 – 2017 , 79 years old
Dame Di Ellis had a special gift ; no matter who you were , how old you were , or how long you had been involved in rowing , Dame Di made everyone feel like they were part of something special . It was this gift that made her such a beloved figure within rowing for more than 60 years .
Dame Di had a rather unorthodox start in rowing , having first been introduced to the sport by ‘ messing about in whalers and cutters ' as a Sea Ranger . Keen to follow in her sister 's footsteps , who was rowing with Harrods at the time , she joined St George 's Ladies RC rowing out of the Civil Service boathouse in 1960 . From this point onwards , Dame Di flourished in rowing and started on a path that was to change the course of British rowing .
Competitively , Dame Di rowed for Great Britain , coxed for England , won national championships gold and won the Women 's Eights Head of the River Race seven times both as a rower and a cox . She was a club member of St George 's RC , a qualified umpire , secretary of events and Chairman of a number of committees and commissions . Dame Di was Chairman of British Rowing ( formerly the Amateur Rowing Association ) for 24 years and was a FISA ( World Rowing ) delegate , representing Great Britain 's position on the international stage .
She was the first woman Steward of Henley Royal Regatta and a founder member of Henley Women 's Regatta . During her time within sports administration , she won numerous awards from the International Olympic Committee and FISA , amongst others , and was recognised for her services to rowing by the Queen , being made a Dame of the Order of the British Empire in 2013 .
Dame Di touched every part of the sport from grass roots participation to elite rowing . Throughout her time in the sport she opened , named and unveiled just about everything rowing related , in every region from North to South and East to West . She was ever-present on the towpath and was a constant presence at national and international events , always listening , cheering and , on occasion , consoling rowers , with dignity , pride and a great sense of perspective and humour . Dame Di was a huge advocate of volunteers and would always make time to personally thank all those who had given up so much time for the sport they loved .
One of Dame Di 's greatest legacies within rowing was her tireless work to grow and develop women 's rowing . When she first took up rowing , St George 's Ladies RC became one of the first clubs to be affiliated to the Women 's Amateur Rowing Association . From this moment onwards , Dame Di 's passion , enthusiasm and commitment in support of women 's rowing never wavered . So many women who have taken up rowing , or have been involved in the sport in some way , were inspired and championed by Dame Di . It would not be an understatement to say that without Dame Di 's involvement , women 's rowing in the UK , and arguably globally , would not be where it is today .
Outside of rowing , Dame Di was hugely respected within British sports administration , serving on a multitude of boards including the British Olympic Association ( BOA ) , Sport & Recreation Alliance , British Confederation of Sport , Skills Active , Sporting Equals and Sports Resolutions . Dame Di paved the way for so many others as a leading light in the field of sports diplomacy . In all her years of service to rowing she continued to set new standards .
Dame Di was an outstanding character , much loved by so many . She will be sorely missed by everyone . She leaves behind her husband John , daughter Claire and two grandsons .
On Dame Di Ellis
Annamarie Phelps CBE , speaking following the sad news of Dame Di 's passing , said : “ Di was an incredible lady : genuine , wise , reflective and truly inspirational . Hers was truly a life to celebrate . She was a mentor and confidante to so many , always quietly shaping opinion and thinking ahead . Di will be missed across the breadth of British sport but particularly across British Rowing to which she was entirely devoted . ”
Sir Hugh Robertson , Chairman of the BOA , said : “ This is a sad day for the entire Olympic Movement in this country . Anyone who worked with Di would know that she was not only passionate about sport and its role in society , but driven to see greater opportunities carved out for all , especially for women in sport .
“ Her family can be proud of her wonderful contribution to sport in this country and can reflect on the fact that Di enriched the lives of so many around her . She will be dearly missed , not least by her friends and colleagues on the National Olympic Committee . ”
Dame Katherine Grainger , remembers Dame Di : “ Di was one of a kind . I 've never known anyone with such experience and wisdom , who could steady British rowing with a calming hand and also advise numerous other sports because of the high respect she was held in , whilst at the same time having such a light touch and ease of manner with everyone from novice athletes to members of the Olympic team . She always had a ready smile and story to share and time to give . There is a Di Ellis shaped hole in all of our lives now , but we are all the better for having known her . ”
Jean Christophe Rolland , FISA President and Denis Oswald , Honorary FISA President said on hearing of the news of Dame Di 's passing : “ An exceptional and prominent figure in the world of rowing has passed away . While faithfully and successfully fulfilling her mission for British Rowing , Di also worked tirelessly for the sport of rowing on a global scale , demonstrating her passion and inspiring generations . She was highly appreciated and respected internationally by so many . ''
Rowing achievements
1960 – Started rowing at St George 's Ladies Rowing Club
1966/67/68/69/71/72/73 Winner of the Women 's Eights Head of the River , seven times ( three as a rower , four as a cox )
1966 – Stroked Great Britain 's Women 's Eight at the European Championships
1972 – Coxed the England women 's four to gold in the Home Countries match
1972 – Won gold at the first national championships at Holme Pierrepont
1978 – Qualified as an umpire
1988 – GB Team Manager
1989-2013 – Chairman of Amateur Rowing Association ( name change to British Rowing in 2009 )
1997 – Elected as the first woman Steward of Henley Royal Regatta
2010 – President of the Organising Committee for the 2013 World Rowing Cup
2014 – Honorary President of British Rowing
Sports administration
British Olympic Association – Life Vice President
Sport & Recreation Alliance – Vice President
British Olympic Foundation – Trustee
Torch Trophy Trust – Trustee
Sporting Equals – Trustee
British Olympic Medical Trust – Trustee
British Confederation of Sport – Board Member
Skills Active – Board Member
Sports Resolutions – Board Member
Awards
Sunday Times Sportswoman of the Year , Administrator of the Year
Sports Journalists ' JL Manning Award
International Olympic Committee , Services to Women 's Sport
FISA , World Rowing 's Award for Distinguished Services to International Rowing
Commander of the British Empire ( CBE ) , Services to rowing
Dame of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE )
Freeman of the City of London
Photography credit : John Shore
I have come across quite many 365 projects and some are really impressive . There is one more in my favourite list now . Arielle Nadel is a teenage photographer , and she is trying to use her camera to tell stories of her little Danboard . Instead of just putting Danboard in front of a background and call it a shot , Arielle manages to present Danboard as a real person who has real emotion . Follow us and see if Arielle has more stories to tell about herself and the little guy !
Q1 . Thank you first for taking up the interview . Could you first introduce yourself a bit to our readers ?
My name is Arielle Nadel and I 'm a teenage photographer . Currently I am working on my 365 project which is all about Danboard .
Q2 . How did you come up with the idea of making the 365 Days of Danboard ?
I was inspired by other toy 365 series on Flickr and when I ordered my Danbo , I knew I wanted to do a project on it .
Q3 . How do you manage to make your every picture of Danbo different and creative ? Do you have a idea in your head of what to do next or just let it be and make use of whatever you come across ?
For my Danbo pictures , I try to make Danbo look alive . I try to avoid just putting Danbo with an object and call it a picture . I always want to bring emotion and character to my pictures . Occasionally I have an idea in my mind , but mostly I just make use of what I have .
Q4 . What do you think is the hardest part in the whole process ? And the most interesting part ?
The hardest part is getting Danbo in the right position and make my photos look like I caught Danbo in action . The most interesting part is working with one expression . I love the challenge of having this simple blank face and I know it can be transformed into something more .
Q5 . What camera do you use ? Great composition and nice use of light we can see in your shots . Do you have any tips for our readers on photography skills ?
I use a Canon Rebel XSi . Always be happy with your photograph . Never base it on the viewer and be proud that you took that photo .
Q6 . Do you have any other future project plan want to share with our reader ?
I 'm thinking of doing another 365 series of self portraits a month or two after my Danbo series . I 'm not in front of the camera a lot and I want to do something new for myself . For now it 's just an idea and I know my thought on it will change in the future .
Our countdown of the year 's best TV has reached No 3 : the Duffer brothers ' meticulous mix of 80s pop culture , sci-fi , horror , nerds and telekinesis . And by the way , what is a Demogorgon ?
The key ingredients barely need repeating . The Duffer brothers took the best of 80s pop culture – elements of John Carpenter , Steph ( v ) ens King and Spielberg – shoved them in with Dungeons & Dragons , New Order and Winona Ryder , and ended up with an algorithm-busting , genre-melding , word-of-mouth smash . From the deep-dive discussion of the plot to the soundtrack , the title graphics , the endless memes and a new star in the shape of Millie Bobby Brown , Stranger Things provided a genuine 2016 TV moment .
Set in the fictional Indiana town of Hawkins , Stranger Things is the story of the mysterious disappearance of Will Byers , one-quarter of a gang of Dungeons & Dragons-playing nerds . It quickly spread its narrative out over eight episodes into string-theory-twisting sci-fi horror via real-life CIA conspiracy thriller with a side of high-school romance .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Freaks and geeks … ( from left ) Caleb McLaughlin , Finn Wolfhard , Millie Bobby Brown and Gaten Matarazzo in Stranger Things . Photograph : Netflix
‘ Jesus would beat Simba in a fight ' – the Stranger Things kids tackle the big issues Read more
What 's interesting about the Duffers ' vision is that their nostalgia for the 80s is secondhand . They were born in 1984 , so their depiction of the era is told through a language learned from VHS tapes and old records . It 's 90s kids giving us their version of an 80s where 11-year-olds were free to ride their BMXs around pitch-dark towns ; where parents would n't notice if their children sneaked an escapee from a government black-ops experiment in to live in the basement . If you grew up watching ET or It from behind the sofa , it 's a world that 's a long way from today 's helicopter-parented Gen Zs . But it 's not like you had to be steeped in the intricacies of Dungeons & Dragons to lap up its love of its period . ( What actually is a Demogorgon ? )
Stranger Things triumphed on two key fronts . Its plot whipped viewers through the series , delivering a narrative cycle as satisfying as the first season of Twin Peaks . ( Though , one wonders if a second series will also struggle to deliver in the same way that Lynch 's did . ) But it was the performances that really made it hard not to binge episode after episode in a spooky Netflix haze .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Take note … Winona Ryder , Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer in Stranger Things . Photograph : Curtis Baker/Netflix
Leading the way were the four ( then three ) nerdy boys – particularly the wonderful Gaten Matarazzo – who managed to combine doctoral-level physics with basic compassion in the hunt for their friend . Then a Freaks and Geeks-like dynamic of younger and older high-school kids was added with the dark , non-love triangle between Natalia Dyer 's Nancy , Joe Deery 's Steve and Charlie Heaton 's Jonathan . And that was a nod to the kind of 80s movies starred in by Ryder – whose bereft , mad-not-mad Joyce , Will 's mother , confirmed the TV rebirth hinted at by her turn in David Simon 's Show Me a Hero in 2015 .
But the breakout star ended up being English actor Millie Bobby Brown as the shaven-headed psychokinetically-powered Eleven . An escapee from a government facility 's MKUltra-style experiments , her abilities powered the entire story . Brown 's intense performance ( undercut slightly if you happened to land on the videos of her singing Amy Winehouse songs on YouTube ) made her the face of the show . At just 12 , she has the makings of a superstar .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The makings of a superstar … Millie Bobby Brown in Stranger Things . Photograph : PF1/Wenn
After a terrifying first episode , Stranger Things became gradually less scary as it unfolded and explained ( or sort of explained ) its secrets . But it still contained a moment that had this viewer considering going to bed with the lights on – and not the fairy lights in the living room . Let 's just say that many of us will never listen to Should I Stay Or Should I Go ? in an empty house again .
At the end , we learned of Will 's fate . ( Though it 's not exactly clear what happened to Barb . ) We also got a final scene suggesting that we 've not seen the last of the creatures from the Upside Down . Given the year 2017 is shaping up to be , the idea of slipping into a pitch-black parallel reality filled with demons might not be the strangest thing in the world .
Image caption The flaws affect devices containing Qualcomm chips
Serious security flaws that could give attackers complete access to a phone 's data have been found in software used on tens of millions of Android devices .
The bugs were uncovered by Checkpoint researchers looking at software running on chipsets made by US firm Qualcomm .
Qualcomm processors are found in about 900 million Android phones , the company said .
However , there is no evidence of the vulnerabilities currently being used in attacks by cyberthieves .
`` I 'm pretty sure you will see these vulnerabilities being used in the next three to four months , '' said Michael Shaulov , head of mobility product management at Checkpoint .
`` It 's always a race as to who finds the bug first , whether it 's the good guys or the bad . ''
Affected devices included :
BlackBerry Priv and Dtek50
Blackphone 1 and Blackphone 2
Google Nexus 5X , Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P
HTC One , HTC M9 and HTC 10
LG G4 , LG G5 , and LG V10
New Moto X by Motorola
OnePlus One , OnePlus 2 and OnePlus 3
US versions of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung S7 Edge
Sony Xperia Z Ultra
Mr Shaulov said six months of work to reverse engineer Qualcomm 's code revealed the problems .
The flaws were found in software that handles graphics and in code that controls communication between different processes running inside a phone .
Exploiting the bugs would allow an attacker to gradually be able to take more control over a device and gain access to its data .
Image copyright AP Image caption The flaws could be used to make booby-trapped apps that steadily gain access to a phone 's data
Checkpoint handed information about the bugs and proof of concept code to Qualcomm earlier this year .
In response , Qualcomm is believed to have created patches for the bugs and started to use the fixed versions in its factories .
It has also distributed the patches to phone makers and operators . However , it is not clear how many of those companies have issued updates to customers ' phones .
Checkpoint has created a free app called QuadRooter Scanner that can be used to check if a phone is vulnerable to any of the bugs , by looking to see if the patches for them have been downloaded and installed .
In addition , Mr Shaulov said Android owners should only download apps from the official Google Play Store to avoid falling victim to malicious programs .
`` People should call whoever sold them their phone , their operator or the manufacturer , and beg them for the patches , '' said Mr Shaulov .
In a statement , Qualcomm said : `` We were notified by the researcher about these vulnerabilities between February and April of this year , and made patches available for all four vulnerabilities to customers , partners , and the open source community between April and July .
`` We continue to work proactively both internally and with security researchers to identify and address potential security vulnerabilities . ''
This article was updated on 10 August 2016 to add a response from Qualcomm .
Iranian rower Sonia Gomari has bid farewell to professional sport , capping a career spanning over a decade which saw her clinching medals at the the 2014 Asian Games in South Korea and the 2017 Asian Rowing Championship in Malaysia .
The 26-year-old Iranian sportswoman publicized the decision on Saturday .
“ I had been thinking of retirement for a while , and took this decision after having had consultation with several people . This was n't an easy decision… , ” she commented .
On October 2 , 2014 , Gomari competed in the Canoe Obstacle Slalom Single Women bronze medal final on day thirteen of the 2014 Asian Games at Hanam Misari Canoe/Kayak Center in Incheon , South Korea .
She was also a member of the Iranian women 's canoe polo team during the 2017 Asian Rowing Championship . The Iranian squad came second in the competition .
He 's only there for one purpose and one purpose only , and that is to run a shadow government that is gon na totally upset the new agenda .
Republican Congressman Mike Kelly was talking to a crowd in his district of Northwestern Pennsylvania earlier this month when he dropped a serious accusation against Barack Obama . He noted the former president had decided to stay in Washington , and not for the reasons Obama has given .
`` He 's only there for one purpose and one purpose only , '' Kelly said , `` and that is to run a shadow government that is gon na totally upset the new agenda . ''
Is that really what Obama stayed in Washington , D.C. to do ?
Obama announced late in 2016 he 'd be sticking around in Washington for at least two years so his daughter Sasha could finish high school . He has office space paid for by the General Services Administration , a perk granted to all former presidents . According to the Chicago Sun Times , Obama is the first president since Woodrow Wilson to stay at a primary residence in Washington , D.C. after his tenure ended .
Obama will be assisting former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in a Congressional redistricting effort , work Holder has described as a `` going into the states '' strategy . Holder also said Obama would be fundraising and interacting with state legislators .
No reports or intelligence has been released linking these post-presidency activities of Obama to a shadow government . And Kelly did not provide any evidence . A shadow government is commonly defined as a conflicting , secondary government led by members of the private sector that wields similar influence to the actual government .
Kelly later withdrew his comments after they made national news . His spokesperson Tom Qualtere said , `` Because of the extraordinary interest in Rep. Kelly 's remarks , it is worth clarifying that Rep. Kelly does not believe that President Obama is personally operating a shadow government . '' In another statement , Qualtere said , `` he was sharing the frustration of everyone in the room over how they believe certain Obama administration holdovers within the federal bureaucracy are attempting to upset President Trump 's agenda . ''
Kelly 's comments and his ensuing walkback landed in The Washington Post , The Huffington Post , The Hill and MSNBC . Aaron Blake , for the Post , wrote `` while the conspiracy theory is strange enough , the explanations offered by Kelly 's office are something to behold . ''
A spokesperson for Obama did not respond to a request for comment .
Our Ruling
Congressman Mike Kelly accused President Barack Obama of operating a shadow government , saying he was only staying in Washington , D.C. for that `` one purpose and one purpose only . '' Yet there is no evidence Obama is running a shadow government , and Obama has provided another purpose for why he 's staying in Washington : so his daughter Sasha can finish high school . Kelly 's spokesperson later walked back the Congressman 's statement , saying `` Rep. Kelly does not believe that President Obama is personally operating a shadow government . ''
We rule the claim Pants On Fire .
AR Possibilities
For most of us , augmented reality remains a far off vision—something to be hoped for , something to await . And beyond being a novel addition to one 's tech arsenal , augmented reality has n't really showcased much of its potential for practical use . By and large , most applications remain in the realm of entertainment and gaming .
However , each day brings the tech closer and closer to mass market , and as Meta ( a known maker of augmented reality glasses ) recently demonstrated , there 's a lot of potential use that AR technology can provide for the workplace .
Already , engineers employed in the company have been using AR glasses to replace physical monitors in their office . As one engineer notes , he was easily able to replace not one , but four desktop monitors because of the Meta AR glasses .
“ I code for the glasses through the glasses , ” the engineer said as he showed how he was able to work on a 3D design , while simultaneously running Spotify and checking his email through several virtual screens through the Meta glasses . “ The keyboard is the only thing I need , except for the glasses . ”
Some time ago I stopped reading and watching the news . No newspapers , no news programs and no internet snippets of world drama . I stopped because I did n't feel it had any positive effect on my life and I suspected it might even have a harmful effect . Sometimes when watching or reading the news I felt myself anticipating for another big event in the world , something to shake the very core of my being . Other times I checked my smart-phone every hour to get my news-fix . Was I truly in need to know what comes through the filters of the media or was I just a news-junky ?
I was expecting the latter . When I looked into the mechanism of addiction I found stunning clues as to what was happening . Our brain is wired to notice new things and ignore what we already know . We are n't evolved to constantly admire the same things over and over but to seek novelty in what has remained unexplored . And this novelty seeking , is quite addicting . When you are reading a new news article , or this article now , your brain releases a neurotransmitter called dopamine . Dopamine does n't produce the feel good people normally associate with it , but it causes the craving for the feel good . This craving can even continue when the pleasurable effects of a stimulus are non-existent .
Yes , you are reading this right . Even though there is nothing in it for you anymore – you keep doing it anyway .
It is no wonder that almost every addiction we know of is in some way linked to the dopamine system . An internet addiction is very similar , dopamine wise , to food , sex or a drugs addiction . The effect of reading small sensationalist stories that bear little relevance to our daily lives and do n't require any critical thinking is threefold .
# 1 . Desensitization
Over time you will crave more and intense stimulation and tend to neglect other things to get your fix . A war abroad is more talked about than the direct problems you face in your own community .
# 2 . Sensitization
The phenomenon that , in certain contexts , you become hyper-sensitive because you associate surroundings with a dopamine release . You are much more likely to crave for a moment to check your e-mail if you spot a phone – over time you are more likely to check your phone than to engage in conversation .
# 3 . Hypofrontality
Both desensitization and sensitization causes atrophy of the frontal cortex , whereby the activity of the frontal lobes of the brain decreases – in turn making it harder to control your cravings . Going to the bathroom solely to check your Facebook .
* * *
News is a series of apparently absurd stories that all end up looking the same , endless parades of poverty-stricken countries , sequences of events that , having appeared with no explanation , will disappear with no solution – Zaire today , Bosnia yesterday , the Congo tomorrow . -Pierre Bordieu
While these effects on the brain are quite serious , I did n't start to avoid the news because I felt I was addicted . It was something much more fundamental than that .
I felt the news stories distorting my very reality . News should be information that people need to manage their affairs in their community . You need information to know what the opportunities are and what the problems are . Yet , news does the opposite of that . Most news stories are fundamentally opposed to what we actually experience on a day-to-day basis . Our perspective on the world is being skewed unconsciously and we make bad interpretations because of it . News only shows the exception to the rule , never the rule itself .
We never hear how many people love their spouses , yet we get bombarded with how many are murdered or raped .
We only hear about war , never about peace .
Almost all of us never experienced a terrorist attack , yet we find it normal to give up all my privacy at the airport and on the internet in the name of preventing one .
We overrate terrorism and airplane crashes , we underrate noise pollution and chronic stress .
And because the media never shows their self-reflexive activity , it never writes about itself , we overrate their importance and underrate their negative effect on the collective consciousness of our world .
Almost all news is irrelevant . It is mere entertainment under the motto “ if you do n't benefit from it , you are the product being sold ” . What I mean by this is that there is a hidden motivation behind by our normal conception of the news . It is not just there to inform you , it is also there to conform you . It is loaded with government propaganda and corporation 's marketing . They profit more from sensationalism , sex , crime and sport than they do from truth .
The test to see whether or not a particular story is worth reading is to ask yourself the following question ; “ what relevance does this information bear to my day-to-day functioning ? ” You 'd be amazed by how often you need to answer “ absolutely none ” . And if it does n't help , it hinders . Most of the time it is nothing but a distraction under the guise of usefulness .
Take the modern century phenomenon of fame . While it is very important to have social structures in place that keep a collective memory of a person 's reputation alive , we want a trustworthy and ethical mayor and we want to hold a corrupt government accountable , we do n't need to know about every single fart of Justin Bieber . It has no personal relevance for us , whatsoever . They are empty calories for our mind .
Everybody is the other , and no one is himself . -Heidegger
Another reason why reading the news dumbs you down are that it does all the thinking for you . You do n't come to your own conclusion – it is already structured by media companies who want to produce the news as cheap as possible . Who want to push an agenda that is other than the t Thinking is hard , it takes time and effort . News on the other hand gives us an easy answer , and before we know it , we copy it and take it as our own .
* * *
Whenever the White House proposes an increase in military spending , press discussion is limited to how much more spending is needed… are we doing enough or need we do still more ? No media exposure is given to those who hotly contest the already gargantuan arms budget in its totality . -Michael Parenti
The primary function of the press is to check on government and to expose any abuse of power . If nobody reported on it they would be able to get away with anything . But now media functions like any other corporation – selling their information channels to the highest bidder . They are owned by a handful of people and mainly exist to keep the same power structures in place . Good journalism is rare and with the recent crackdown on journalists who report on governmental misconduct it will soon be an extinct species .
News station or jamming station ? Let me know what you think in the comments below .
Everyone was trying to get a few more words in during last night 's Republican debate , and that included the Democrats , who were chiming in on Twitter — apparently to some success . Twitter says that Bernie Sanders ended up with the most retweeted tweet of the night , out of all presidential candidates . It 's no surprise given that Sanders continues to draw huge crowds by tapping into the issues that Democrats care about . The same goes here , where he literally just lists things Democrats are concerned with :
It 's over . Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt . That 's why the Rs are so out of touch . — Bernie Sanders ( @ BernieSanders ) August 7 , 2015
Sanders is , of course , right . The Republican debate focused on issues like immigration , who will be worse for women 's rights , and whether God had given them instructions on how to run America . His tweet clearly resonated with an audience that feels the Republicans do n't care about the right issues . At around 22,000 retweets and 24,000 faves , this is by no means a blockbuster tweet , but it thoroughly bested Hillary Clinton ( who topped out around 5,000 ) and Jeb Bush ( who was n't even trying ) . Sanders ' success may speak to the demographics of Twitter as much as to the resonance of his message , but the platform certainly helped him get a word in .
That said , it was n't even remotely as big of a word as anyone on stage . CNN Money reports that last night 's broadcast was the most watched primary debate ever , with 24 million viewers .
TOKYO ( AFP ) - A cosmic mystery is uniting monks and scientists in Japan after a cherry tree grown from a seed that orbited the Earth for eight months bloomed years earlier than expected - and with very surprising flowers .
The four-year-old sapling - grown from a cherry stone that spent time aboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) - burst into blossom on April 1 , possibly a full six years ahead of Mother Nature 's normal schedule .
It 's early blooming baffled Buddhist brothers at the ancient temple in central Japan where the tree is growing .
`` We are amazed to see how fast it has grown , '' Masahiro Kajita , chief priest at the Ganjoji temple in Gifu , told AFP by telephone .
`` A stone from the original tree had never sprouted before . We are very happy because it will succeed the old tree , which is said to be 1,250 years old . ''
The wonder pip was among 265 harvested from the celebrated `` Chujo-hime-seigan-zakura '' tree , selected as part of a project to gather seeds from different kinds of cherry trees at 14 locations across Japan .
The stones were sent to the ISS in November 2008 and came back to Earth in July the following year with Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata , after circling the globe 4,100 times .
Some were sent for laboratory tests , but most were ferried back to their places of origin , and a selection were planted at nurseries near the Ganjoji temple .
By April this year , the `` space cherry tree '' had grown to around four metres tall , and suddenly produced nine flowers - each with just five petals , compared with about 30 on flowers of the parent tree .
It normally takes about 10 years for a cherry tree of the similar variety to bear its first buds .
The Ganjoji temple sapling is not the only early-flowering space cherry tree .
Of the 14 locations in which the pits were replanted , blossoms have been spotted at four places .
Two years ago , a young tree bore 11 flowers in Hokuto , a mountain region 115 kilometres west of Tokyo , around two years after it was planted .
It was of a variety that normally only comes into flower at the age of eight .
The seeds were sent to the ISS as part of `` an educational and cultural project to let children gather the stones and learn how they grow into trees and live on after returning from space , '' said Miho Tomioka , a spokeswoman for the project 's organiser , Japan Manned Space Systems ( JAMSS ) .
`` We had expected the ( Ganjoji ) tree to blossom about 10 years after planting , when the children come of age , '' she added .
Kaori Tomita-Yokotani , a researcher at the University of Tsukuba who took part in the project , told AFP she was stumped by the extra-terrestrial mystery .
`` We still can not rule out the possibility that it has been somewhat influenced by its exposure to the space environment , '' she said .
Tomita-Yokotani , a plant physiologist , said it was difficult to explain why the temple tree has grown so fast because there was no control group to compare its growth with that of other trees .
She said cross-pollination with another species could not be ruled out , but a lack of data was hampering an explanation .
`` Of course , there is the possibility that exposure to stronger cosmic rays accelerated the process of sprouting and overall growth , '' she said .
`` From a scientific point of view , we can only say we do n't know why . ''
Mr Wakata is back aboard the ISS , where he is in command of the station .
The astronaut took part in a video link-up on Thursday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and US Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy , chatting about his daily life hundreds of kilometres above the Earth .
The Road Safety Minister Liza Harvey has told the media that the majority of fatal bike accidents are due to cyclist error .
The Minister was speaking at a press conference when she said cyclists were often to blame for crashes .
`` The vast majority of cycling accidents where there 's been a very serious injury appear to be the cyclist 's error in contravening signals and contravening stop signs and those sorts of things , '' she said .
Her office later clarified that the Minister was referring to fatal bike accidents in 2014 .
John McGlue spoke to the CEO of Bicycling WA Jeremy Murray , to find out his response to the Minister 's comments .
`` That 's obviously a concern . We would want to be doing more to improve road safety and organisations like Bicycling Western Australia really do need to be doing more to encourage better behaviour amongst bike riders , '' Mr Murray said .
`` Hopefully the government can support us in that and at the same time we also need to be doing more education for drivers so that they actually understand what the rights of bike riders are when they 're on the road . ''
Cycling groups and the Greens want new laws to force motorists to maintain a one-metre gap when passing cyclists .
The West Australian government will consider changing road rules to improve the safety of cyclists but is refusing to support the mandatory one-metre rule .
Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz will visit Turkey on Tuesday with the Syrian conflict at the top of his agenda , according to Al Arabiya .
The planned two-day visit comes as violence rages in Syria between Syrian government forces and rebels . The Crown Prince Salman is set to meet with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and a number of other Turkish officials . They are looking to discuss the two-year Syrian conflict and Iran 's nuclear program .
“ The visit is very important as it will discuss the Syrian crisis , which is threatening the region , ” Saudi political analyst , Abdullah al-Shammari , told Al Arabiya .
Saudi political analyst Abdullah al-Shammari ( Al Arabiya )
Shammari , who described Saudi-Turkish relations as “ strategic , ” said the Syrian conflict , which has killed at least 80,000 people , has “ unveiled the true face of Iran . ”
Regional conflicts have helped strengthen ties between Saudi Arabia and Turkey , given the fact that Iran is a common threat for both the Gulf region and Istanbul , added the analyst .
Both countries called for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to cede power and it is expected that this trip will see both Istanbul and Riyadh renew their calls for the embattled Syrian leader to stand down .
The Saudi-Turkey meeting precedes the planned U.S.-Russia-led Geneva conference next month , which aims to bring both the Syrian government and war-torn country 's opposition to the dialogue table .
The Saudi Crown Prince will be accompanied by a number of officials , including Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal , Information Minister Abdul Aziz Khoja and the Economy and Planning Minister Muhammad al-Jasser .
The Saudi and Turkish officials will also discuss Israel 's settlement expansion , Al Arabiya reported .
Last Update : Tuesday , 21 May 2013 KSA 23:09 - GMT 20:09
The Republic of Singapore Navy ( RSN ) 's Formidable-class frigate , RSS Intrepid , is making a port call in Qingdao , China from 23 to 26 April 2017 .
In the afternoon yesterday , RSS Intrepid hosted Chinese public on board the frigate in celebration of the PLA ( N ) 's 68th anniversary .
During the port call , Colonel David Foo , Commanding Officer 171 Squadron , called on PLA ( N ) 's Rear-Admiral Bai Yaoping , Deputy Chief of Staff , North Sea Fleet , and will call on Rear-Admiral Wang Yu , Commandant of Naval Submarine Academy on 24 April .
The port call will also see an exchange of ship visits between the personnel of the two navies . RSS Intrepid will host a reception and a visit for personnel from the PLA ( N ) . The crew of RSS Intrepid will also visit the Chinese Type 054A frigate Yancheng . In addition , both ships will conduct a passage exercise comprising maritime security drills and practise the Code of Unplanned Encounters at Sea .
Such regular professional interactions and strong people-to-people ties are testament to the warm and friendly bilateral defence relationship between Singapore and China , which has made steady progress since the Four-Point Consensus agreed between Minister for Defence Dr Ng Eng Hen and Chinese Minister of National Defense General Chang Wanquan in November 2014 , the government 's press release stated .
Senior-Lieutenant Colonel Tan Bian said at the 68th anniversary celebrations , “ I hope that … our navies can contribute this spirit of building friendships and cooperation into the years ahead , to work towards forging an inclusive and stable security framework for the region . ”
“ The RSN is also looking forward to PLA ( N ) 's participation in the International Maritime Review as part of RSN 's Golden Jubilee celebrations in May 2017 , ” he added .
RSS Intrepid is presently on a four-week Midshipman Sea Training Deployment ( MSTD ) from 15 April to 13 May 2017 . RSS Intrepid will make a further port call at Laem Chabang , Thailand from 5 to 8 May 2017 before returning back to Singapore .
The port calls , conducted as part of the MSTD training , allow the midshipmen to interact with personnel of other navies and aid in enhancing mutual understanding and friendship between the RSN and its foreign counterparts , the press release said .
League Two side Chesterfields have signed former Arsenal , Fulham and West Ham winger Luis Boa Morte on a deal until the end of January .
Boa Morte , 35 , has played for Portugal 28 times and could make his debut for the Spireites in Saturday 's home game against Dagenham and Redbridge .
Chesterfield chief executive Chris Turner told BBC Radio Sheffield : `` It all happened very quickly .
Boa Morte 's career in England Teams Matches Goals Arsenal ( 1997-99 ) 14 ( + 26 sub ) 4 Southampton ( 99-01 ) 7 ( + 10 sub ) 1 Fulham ( 00-01 ) ( loan ) 27 ( + 19 sub ) 21 Fulham ( 01-07 ) 179 ( 25 subs ) 33 West Ham ( 07-11 ) 75 ( + 34 sub ) 2
`` It 's an absolutely exceptional signing for the club . ''
He added : `` Mark Crossley ( goalkeeping coach ) played with him at Fulham and bumped into him at a reserve game and asked if he was playing for anyone .
`` He 's fit and he 's ready to go . He might not be able to play a whole game but he is certainly ready to make an impact . ''
The Portuguese winger has made more than 300 starts in English football since joining Arsenal from Sporting Lisbon in June 1997 and was part of the Gunners ' squad that won the Premier League title in 1998 .
He joined Southampton in 1999 and then moved on to Fulham before signing for West Ham for £5m in January 2007 .
Boa Morte spent four and a half years at Upton Park until he left just before the start of last season .
He then had spells playing in Greece and then South Africa and he had been training with Fulham before joining Chesterfield , who are 13th in League Two .
Spireites caretaker manager Tommy Wright added : `` To have a player of Luis 's quality coming to Chesterfield is a fantastic coup for us .
`` It 's great that a player of his ability wants to play football .
`` The financial aspect of the deal was no worry - he just wanted to come and play . ''
A documentary on the once-promising American rock bands The Brian Jonestown Massacre and The Dandy Warhols , and the friendship/rivalry between their respective founders , Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor .
The Muppet Elmo is one of the most beloved characters among children across the globe . Meet the unlikely man behind the puppet - the heart and soul of Elmo - Kevin Clash .
Spellbound follows eight teenagers on their quest to win the 1999 National Spelling Bee .
When two friends tape-recorded the fights of their violently noisy neighbors , they accidentally created one of the world 's first 'viral ' pop-culture sensations .
After a vicious attack leaves him brain-damaged and broke , Mark Hogancamp seeks recovery in `` Marwencol '' , a 1/6th scale World War II-era town he creates in his backyard .
Documentary about rock pioneer Roky Erickson , detailing his rise as a psychedelic hero , his lengthy institutionalization , his descent into poverty and filth , and his brother 's struggle with their religious mother to improve Roky 's care .
A cinematic portrait of the homeless population who live permanently in the underground tunnels of New York City .
Jack Rebney is the most famous man you 've never heard of - after cursing his way through a Winnebago sales video , Rebney 's outrageously funny outtakes became an underground sensation and ... See full summary »
Two individuals , Jeff and Kelly , claim to be in love with the 80 's pop singer Tiffany .
The Parking Lot Movie is a documentary about a singular parking lot in Charlottesville , Virginia . The film follows a select group of parking lot attendants and their strange rite of passage ... See full summary »
Storyline
`` Confessions of a Superhero '' chronicles the lives of four mortal men and women who work as characters on the sidewalks of Hollywood Boulevard . This feature length documentary explores the fascination , obsession , and allure of fame through the eyes of these very unique people struggling to make it in Tinseltown . Written by Anonymous
Taglines : CONFESSIONS OF A SUPERHERO explores the fascination , obsession and allure of fame through the eyes of some very unique people struggling to make it in Tinseltown .
Motion Picture Rating ( MPAA ) Rated R for some language
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
It is the tenth anniversary of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and petty politics continue as usual . Here 's what 's happening , 9/11-related and otherwise , on the national security front .
First , the non-anniversary-related intel :
The Pentagon 's spokesman , who spent the past four years talking up the wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Libya , takes a new job : Now he 's BP 's PR man .
NATO declares “ Mission Accomplished ” in Libya , kinda sorta .
Congress ' Commission on Wartime Contracting releases its final report , from which we assemble a greatest-hits list of top ten all-time worst war contractor boondoggles . If you can stomach roads that cost $ 2 billion a mile , oranges flying first-class , and crateloads of KBR , read on .
A universal logo for human rights sounds great…too bad it 's being plugged by a PR firm that repped the Libyan and Syrian regimes .
There 's much that 's related to 9/11 , though , that 's also worth knowing :
My friend and colleague Adam Serwer , who joined us at MoJo last week , points out that you may soon be able to board an airplane without taking off your shoes…but that does n't mean you 're getting any of your privacy back .
The FBI has spent the last 10 years amassing a network of domestic informants . But are they helping stop terror plots or invent them ?
Republican congressmen , looking to protect their defense pork , released a tendentious 9/11 video saying more Americans will die if the military budget is cut . Classy anniversary stuff .
That reminds me , in fact , of something I wrote on another 9/11 anniversary : “ It was an ‘ attack on America . ' And the site where the Twin Towers stood is ‘ hallowed ground . ' And yet . The people today who are likeliest to employ those phrases are also the least likely to appreciate the American faith that the towers and their city embodied. ” It continues here : America 's Jihad on America
Speaking as a Manhattan Sept. 11 survivor , I have only seen one documentary ever that captured that day in a beautiful , terrible , sensitive , sublime , instructive , nonpolitical , nonpedantic , nonsaccharine way : 9/11 , by the French brothers Jules and Gedeon Naudet . CBS will replay it Sunday evening . If you can tolerate some traumatic imagery , it 's worth a watch .
Longtime Orient resident and former Major League 20-game winner William Hands Jr. died Thursday in Florida .
The former Chicago Cubs pitcher and longtime owner of the Orient Service Station on Main Road was 76 years old .
“ The gas station was like the barber shop in ‘ Andy Griffith , ” Orient resident Carol Gillooly said of Mr . Hands ' business . “ Everybody would be trying to solve the problems of the world and talking about baseball . ”
Mr . Hands , who was born in Hackensack , N.J. , spent 11 seasons in the majors , including seven years as a right-handed pitcher with the Cubs . He also spent short stints with the San Francisco Giants , Minnesota Twins , and Texas Rangers , winning 111 games with a career earned run average of 3.35 .
In 1969 he pitched to a 20-14 record and 2.49 ERA pitching for the Cubs , who were nine games ahead in first place in the National League East on Aug. 13 , but ended up losing the division to the eventual champion New York Mets .
Mr . Hands grew up in Rutherford , but summered in the Orient , he said in an October 2015 interview with The Suffolk Times , which centered on the fact that the Cubs were playing the Mets in the playoffs ( and eventually lost . )
“ No one hated the Mets more than Billy Hands , ” said Bill Fish , the golf pro at Islands End in Greenport , who played golf with Mr . Hands every Friday for the past five or six years from April to October . He still wore his Cubs hat and rooted for Chicago .
This past season , Mr . Hands got to see the Cubs finally win the World Series for the first since 1908 .
“ He was ecstatic about that , that 's for sure , ” Mr . Fish said . “ He stuck around long enough to see it . We were all happy about that . ”
Mr . Fish said Mr . Hands was a long-time member of the golf club .
“ He was an excellent athlete . He enjoyed golf and outdoors and fishing , ” he said . “ We hit it off . He was always good with a quick joke . ”
When it came to talking about baseball , Mr . Fish said , “ You had to ask him questions , but he would definitely get going if you hit on a nerve . He was n't going to boast about anything , but if you brought up a subject he knew about , he had some good stories . ”
Orient resident and former Suffolk Times publisher Troy Gustavson said he was a neighbor of Mr . Hands and mostly met him at his service station .
“ We would chat and invariably , I would bring up the Cubs , because I could n't resist , ” Mr. Gustavson said . “ He was very low key about that , considering he played Major League Baseball and had one of the best seasons ever for a pitcher there . He was always very modest and low key .
He obviously was a loyal Cubs fan , but he did n't really wear it on his sleeve , even when they won . ”
Jeffrey Lyons of the Orient , a film critic who has written several books about baseball , said in a Facebook post that baseball immortals like Hank Aaron and Mickey Mantle would always make a gesture to show how “ impossible ” it was to hit Mr . Hands ' slider whenever his name came up .
Mr. Lyons said he will miss his friend .
“ I will miss talking baseball with him , miss giving him the weekly baseball trivia sheet during the season and reminding him of obscure ‘ cup-of-coffee- ' players who were teammates , ” he wrote .
Check back for more details as they become available .
[ email protected ]
Comments
comments
IANS By
NEW DELHI : Pakistan 's failure to utilise foreign aid for socio-economic development has contributed to its sorry plight and such is the obsession of its political elite with military security that the country has n't developed even after 67 years of independence , an Indo-Canadian academic and author says .
Discussing his book , `` The Warrior State '' ( Vintage House ) , T.V.Paul compared Pakistan with South Korea and Taiwan and noted that the two nations once relied on foreign aid but today were shining examples of development .
`` If you look at South Korea and Taiwan , they too were once dependent on foreign aid . But they used the money wisely and focussed on trade and internal development . They improved their niche resources like technology , and strengthened their welfare systems , '' Paul , a professor of international studies at Montreal 's McGill University , told IANS .
South Korea was one of the poorest countries after the 1950 Korean War and so was Taiwan after it broke away from mainland China in 1949 .
`` Whereas Pakistan used the money in building its military and nuclear weapons - something it is extremely proud of . But its political elite never had the vision to develop the country , '' Paul added .
What fuels Pakistan 's mass acceleration of military weapons is its embittered and egoistic stance against India , Paul said , adding : `` It is more of a conflict over status with India . ''
`` They thought themselves as co-equals with India , but they lost Bangladesh and Kashmir . So this is the perfect case of a brother who did n't get his share .
`` This is one of the biggest reasons for its embitterment , '' he said .
Originally from Kerala , Paul , who has written 15 books and is an authority on political affairs in South Asia , is currently promoting the book in India .
Paul feels Pakistan 's biggest failure lies in its leaders `` having no vision '' .
`` In these two nations , economic security became national security , but Pakistani leaders do n't have any strategic vision . A country without a goal or a vision is wasting its time , '' he said .
According to the book , since 2001 , Pakistan has received over $ 15 billion as aid , and its major allies - China and the US - do n't allow it to go bankrupt either .
`` The fact that Pakistan has enough capacity to sustain for a long time with the help of foreign aid makes it difficult for them to tread the path of development and peace with India , '' Paul pointed out .
It 's now Geno Smith 's team in New York , if any doubt remained .
Battista : Fitting end to Sanchize era Mark Sanchez 's Judy Battista explains why this ending is appropriate .
Mark Sanchez 's Jets tenure has been a roller-coaster ride , to say the least.explains why this ending is appropriate . READ
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reports that Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez has decided to undergo season-ending surgery on his torn labrum . Sanchez hopes to delay surgery another week or two , but he knows surgery is inevitable and that his season is over . Sanchez faces a four- to six-month recovery , according to a person informed of the rehabilitation process .
In one sense , Sanchez is doing the Jets a favor . He has no future with the team , and a potential return to the sideline this season only would create a distraction . On the other hand , the Jets designated Sanchez to return when they placed him on injured reserve . Each NFL team only can use that tag one time in a season , and the Jets burned it on Sanchez . Someone in the organization clearly was hopeful that Sanchez would play again this season . ( We doubt that someone was general manager John Idzik . )
Despite Smith 's up-and-down play , the rookie has shown potential in his first four starts . The Jets need to play Smith and live with the roller-coaster . It 's better than what Sanchez gave them last year , when his arrow simply was pointed down .
Sanchez , who has two years left on his contract , likely will be released at the end of the season . The timing of the surgery should allow Sanchez to get healthy in time for the 2014 free-agency period . Look for a team to give Sanchez a shot as a backup quarterback , but his days competing for a starting job are over .
This is the day Jets fans have pined for . They wo n't have Sanchez to kick around anymore .
The `` Around The League Podcast '' reviewed every Week 4 game . Click here to listen and subscribe .
TBI : Collierville sighting was not Tad Cummins , Elizabeth Thomas Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas ( Courtesy : TBI ) [ + - ] Video
COLLIERVILLE , Tenn. ( WKRN ) - A reported sighting of Tad Cummins in a Memphis suburb was deemed not credible , according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation .
The former Maury County teacher remains the subject of an ongoing AMBER Alert for 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas .
Someone called authorities around 12:30 p.m. Thursday saying they believed they saw Cummins at a gas station in Collierville on New Byhalia Road near West Poplar Avenue . The spokesperson for the Shelby County Sheriff 's Office told News 2 a deputy checked the surveillance and confirmed it was Cummins .
The TBI now says it has been determined that person was , in fact , not the AMBER Alert suspect .
Around mid-afternoon Thursday , a second sighting was reported at the Krystal 's on Union Avenue in Memphis . A BOLO , or be-on-the-lookout , was issued for area law enforcement that stated Cummins and Thomas were witnessed walking through the parking lot .
The possible sighting at Krystal 's has not been confirmed nor denied at the time of this report .
However , the Memphis-area BOLO also said a white van that had been sitting in the parking lot for several days was believed to belong to Cummins . However , hours later , the Memphis Police Department cleared the van , saying they found the owner and determining it did n't belong to the former teacher .
The Thomas family released a statement just after 4 p.m. Thursday . It reads , in full :
In light of this new potential sighting , our family is letting law enforcement do their job in following up on this lead so they can bring Elizabeth home with no interference or complication . There has not been a credible lead to this point , and it has been a long two-and-a-half weeks of waiting and wondering . We desperately pray that this sighting is in fact Elizabeth and that law enforcement can safely remove her from this dangerous situation . Please join us in praying for Elizabeth 's safe return . Our family will make a statement when Elizabeth is home with us , but until then , we ask for privacy as we communicate and work with law enforcement . Thank you all for your continued support and prayers .
People across the state and entire country are asked to remain vigilant and report any information or possible sightings to the TBI at 1-800-TBI-FIND . You can also call the Maury County Sheriff 's Office at 931-388-5151 .
Cummins , 50 , is charged with kidnapping Thomas on March 13 . He remains on the TBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted list .
Thomas is a 15-year-old white female , with hazel eyes , stands 5 feet tall and weighs 120 pounds . She was last seen wearing a flannel shirt and black leggings .
Cummins is a white male , who stands 6 feet tall , weighs approximately 200 pounds , and has brown hair and eyes . He 's believed to be armed with two handguns and was last seen driving a Silver Nissan Rogue with TN license plate 976ZPT . That vehicle has not been found . Anyone who spots the SUV and can verify the license plate should call 911 .
Damascus likely to disincorporate , city leaders tell Metro
The lack of a city government could mean a long-awaited housing boom in the area
The Metro Council traveled east Tuesday to ask the question on the minds of planners and developers around the region : What is up with Damascus ?
The new city has struggled mightily and failed to come up with a plan for its development since incorporating in 2004 . Damascus Mayor Diana Helm said she doesnt see an end in sight .
The land is here ,  Helm said . Theres so many political and financial impediments that its just making ( development ) extremely difficult.
Metro , on the other hand , has to approve a forecast by the end of this year declaring whether the entire Portland region has enough housing stock to meet demand for the next 20 years . The draft Urban Growth Report guesses Damascus will build nearly 10,000 single family homes . If that development doesnt happen , Metro might have to propose expanding its urban growth boundary to make more buildable land available elsewhere .
During the joint work session in the Damascus City Council Chambers , the two governments councils mostly explained each others roles , responsibilities and limitations to each other and their small audience .
A knotted web of laws prevents several logical solutions to the dilemma . Heres some of the questions the councilors asked each other .
 How likely is it that Damascus will disincorporate ?
Very likely , according to three of the city leaders . Two other councilors are not so sure . Helm , however , says her coalition has knocked on 2,000 doors in recent weeks and finds , to her disappointment , a generally anti-city mindset .
Unfortunately I have a very good idea as to where were headed as a city ,  said the mayor . Unfortunately , this job is very temporary.
 If the city of Damascus disincorporates , will that mean more new homes will be built there or fewer ?
In all likelihood , more . What is preventing growth in Damascus now is gridlock at the city created by measures passed by its citizenry . These are only-in-Damascus charter amendments , such as the one requiring a popular vote on a comprehensive land use plan or the one blocking the city from spending an ever-increasing share of its tax revenue .
Without a city , control over land use and other decisions would revert back to Clackamas County . Or , in the case of annexation , to nearby cities like Happy Valley or Gresham .
Well still be in the urban growth boundary and another jurisdiction will take us over ,  Helm said . Theres not going to be a wall around Damascus and growth will end right there . ''
A caveat to this is that land in the Sunshine Valley , in eastern Damascus , is considered unbuildable in all but the distant future . This is because of gravity . The topography is such that wastewater from that area would have to be expensively pumped far away to avoid contamination to the Clackamas River .
 So why on Earth was Damascus considered a good place to expand the growth boundary to in the first place ?
Metro Councilor Tom Hughes says its because the state required Metro to expand its urban growth boundary first to land unsuitable to farming . By law , Damascus was the place where it had to take place ,  Hughes said .
( Using Damascus as an example of why it might not be wise for preserving agricultural lands to be the only consideration , Metro has since successfully lobbied to change those rules for future growth boundary expansions . )
 Could Metro move back the urban growth boundary , thus allowing all or part of Damascus to no longer be under urbanization goals ?
Maybe ? There isnt a legal process to do that , and there might not be much real benefit to doing so . However , Hughes and Metro Councilor Shirley Craddick , who represents the zone Damascus belongs to , said they would be open to considering a request from unified landowners to secede from the growth boundary . But that couldnt happen if they were incorporated in a city .
 Then what happens now ?
Several things . The city continues to process de-annexation requests that are slowly shrinking its borders . So far about 420 acres of the citys 10,500 have fled , according to one account . Helm said 40 more landowners are interested in leaving , too . If the city can get small enough , perhaps it can soldier on with fewer stakeholders to bring to agreement .
Except that the Oregon Court of Appeals last week heard arguments in an ongoing court case over a 2013 vote that supporters say already disincorporated the city . If the court agrees with them , the city disappears .
Even if that effort fails , the Legislature is moving on a trio of bills that would allow another citywide vote to disincorporate the city in May 2016 . Councilor Nancy Carpenter strongly opined that the city would be disincorporated soon one way or another .
Im willing to bet money we will disincorporate ,  Carpenter said .
 But what happens now at Metro and what does that mean for the rest of the Portland area ?
Hughes said he thought it was likely that Metro would either ask the state for an extension to its deadline for the 20-year growth forecast or submit the forecast but immediately start the process for the next report , due in six years .
The question of how much to count for Damascus is not going to come to an end any time soon ,  he said .
This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
541-285-3614
Top Online Casinos Canada to Choose From
What to Expect
Here , at PlayCasino.com , you will find the listing of the best Canadian online casinos to choose from . We have also provided a detailed guide to select the best casino.You register at a reputed online casino for a fantastic gaming experience and this must be the priority in the selection process . Leaders in the industry of casino software like Playtech and Microgaming offer an enormous range of casino games and update their portfolio on a consistent basis . The graphics and animations of these games , specifically the slots , is amazing and you come across some highly innovative features too . Thus , we prefer top online casinos Canada powered by these leading software providers .
What to Expect from Canadian Online Casinos
The best of the online Canadian casinos support mobile casino gaming . This makes it possible to bet on some of your most favorite games from your tablets and mobile phones . Canadian mobile casino sites are compatible with almost all handheld devices running different mobile systems . Mobile versions of the top online casinos Canada offers the same feel and functionality as their web-based counterparts and even facilitate making deposits and withdrawals from your mobile devices.This is the wisest approach to online betting . online canadian casino . If there are still things that you are not clear about the free spins or other things then you can always contact the customer service of the casino concerned.Players who are obsessed with land-based casinos can enjoy the realistic environment offered by live dealers at some of the best Canadian online casinos . Classic casino games like baccarat , roulette and blackjack can be played at real tables with real people . The live action is streamed on your computer and you can actually place bets on the tables.The top online casinos Canada offer special features to their players . Those casinos that accept Canadian players but compel them to bet in other currencies are not the real online Canadian casinos . The casinos we recommend let you bet , deposit and withdraw in Canadian dollars . This saves you from bearing the currency conversion costs . Moreover , you are aware of how much you are exactly betting in your currency . These casinos allow performing all the financial transactions through payment methods which are popular and secure.Our recommended Canadian online casinos offer amazing customer service 24 hours a day for 7 days a week . Players can reach customer support through toll-free phone numbers . Moreover , customer service representatives are local people and so you need not deal with accent problems . You can even contact support through email if you wish . We recommend using free live chat functionality - instantaneous and accessible support from the online casino for any concerns you might have .
Donald Trump 's tough stance on illegal immigration drove him to the front of the Republican primary pack , and few of his barbs were more effective than his attacks on “ sanctuary cities ” where , he suggested , criminal aliens were basically allowed to roam free and assault American citizens .
The stories about victims , highlighted by Trump , underscored a sense that Americans were under siege and concern about US immigration priorities resonated deeply with the electorate .
This week , Mr. Trump said he will “ cancel ” billions of federal dollars to some 39 US sanctuary cities until local police start cooperating with federal immigration officers to find , detain and deport undocumented people . Though they differ in shape and form , sanctuary policies in essence order police to not ask about people 's immigration status in the normal course of business , and as long as any charges were misdemeanors . But five US states have `` papers , please '' laws that require police to check the immigration status of suspects .
It 's far from clear whether a Trump administration could break the immigration impasse only made starker by the fact that the US capital , Washington , D.C. , officially shelters undocumented immigrants . This week , at least seven big-city mayors declared they would not abandon their sanctuary policies , despite Trump 's de-funding threat .
This is an issue that will likely test both Constitutional law and Congressional will – and could become a critical initial gauge of how big a fight the Trump administration is willing to pick in order to fulfill a key campaign promise . Bottom line , however , is that “ there 's a great deal the Trump administration could do to carry out the threat , ” as George Washington University constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley tells The Wall Street Journal .
Born in the 1980s with the support of faith groups whose members faced arrest for harboring people they saw as refugees along the US-Mexico border , the sanctuary city movement is today led more by local police than priests . Los Angeles Police Department Chief Michael Beck , whose city passed the country 's first sanctuary city ordinance , called it a matter of “ principle ” over “ money . ”
As the Trump agenda on immigration takes shape , the attack on sanctuary cities presents an unusual dynamic : A law-and-order Republican administration potentially invoking federal power to coerce local cops to bend to Washington 's will .
Trump , legal groups , and conservative lawmakers argue that what 's really happening is that serious criminals are slipping through the cracks and ending up back on the streets .
For their part , law enforcement officials in many sanctuary cities say their policies protect the public 's safety . As Washington , D.C. , Mayor Muriel Bowser said in a statement : “ We are a sanctuary city because we know that our neighborhoods are safer and stronger when no one is afraid to call on our government for help , and when our police can focus on protecting and serving . ''
US courts , too , have taken a skeptical view of the assertion of federal power over local police departments . The Supreme Court in a 1997 gun rights case ruled that local police ca n't be treated as de facto federal agents . Many Republicans applauded that ruling as a major states ' rights victory .
But more recent rulings may be more consequential to US police chiefs . In 2014 a federal judge ruled that the Clackamas County , Ore. , Sheriff 's Department had violated a woman 's Fourth Amendment right against unlawful detention . How ? It had kept her for over 19 hours without being arrested , under a federal immigration detention hold . Suddenly , small police departments all across the region were open to lawsuits were they to hold people for too long without probable cause , even if it was as a favor to the feds .
That and other rulings have affirmed that federal immigration authorities “ do n't have the power to directly force states and localities to implement policies and procedures that the states and localities themselves have not decided to do , '' Phil Torrey , a Harvard Law School lecturer , tells US News & World Report .
On top of that , Congress has tried and failed to shut off funds to sanctuary cities before , most recently last year . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel told reporters that he doubts Trump is serious about targeting `` every major city in the United States . ''
After all , `` This is not a bunch of left-wing radicals ... these are sheriffs and police chiefs , ” Pastor John Fife , one of the first to take part in the sanctuary movement , told MSNBC recently .
At the same time , Trump definitely has options .
For one , the Justice Department found in July that some sanctuary cities could be violating federal laws that make it illegal to withhold immigration information from Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) . That analysis , however , did n't touch on the Fourth Amendment complications of detaining people without warrants .
And whether Congress is willing to defund sanctuary cities or not , Trump could as president redirect discretionary grants to cities – for some , perhaps worth enough to force their hand . Moreover , Trump could immediately reverse a 2012 Obama order that focused agents mostly on violent offenders . In its place , he could broaden the focus of ICE to target people who have been convicted , or even just accused , of minor crimes , including traffic infractions . He could also ask Congress to beef up the ranks of federal immigration agents , which now number around 14,000 .
More dramatically , a Trump Justice Department could conceivably arrest police chiefs under laws against harboring fugitives from the law. `` `` It 's never been used that way , but it 's something that authorities should look at if it comes to that , ” Jennifer Vaughn of the anti-immigration Center for Immigration Studies told US News & World Report .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Such debate may in part miss Trump 's real goal . At the core of Trump 's stated strategy , after all , is making beefed-up deportation a hallmark of his presidency . In that , he will try to match a record 2.5 million deportations racked up by the Obama administration -- though Trump told CBS News that he wanted that number deported almost immediately . But Trump has also suggested he 's open for debate as to what should happen to the perhaps 8 or 9 million remaining undocumented immigrants who are not seen as posing a threat to Americans .
`` After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized , we 're going to make a determination on the people that they 're talking about who are terrific people , '' Trump said .
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein told Fox News Thursday night that Americans `` have yet to see the proof '' that Moscow meddled in last year 's election .
Stein confirmed earlier this week that the Senate Intelligence Committee had contacted her campaign to request documents , including emails , as part of its investigation into Russian activities and alleged collusion between campaigns and foreign interests .
`` I think there are legitimate aims here in the investigation , '' Stein told Fox News ' `` Tucker Carlson Tonight . '' `` Interference in our election is much bigger than the Russians and ... I would like to see the evidence of Russian culpability here . ''
Stein compared the Russia investigation to the run-up to the Iraq War , saying , `` We did n't get to really see the evidence [ then ] ... We are still paying that price -- $ 5.5 trillion and counting . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me a gazillion times , shame on all of us . ''
Stein also addressed her attendance at a now-infamous dinner in Moscow marking the 10th anniversary of RT , a Russian state-run news and propaganda channel . She was photographed sitting at a table with Russian President Vladimir Putin and future national security adviser Michael Flynn , who is now cooperating with Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation .
`` The dinner ... was really a non-event , '' Stein said . `` At one point , Putin came in with a couple of guys that I assumed were his bodyguards . Turns out they were actually his inner circle , but you would have never known it . Nobody was introduced to anybody ... At one point , Putin made a very rapid turn around the table and shook everybody 's hand , but without any exchange of names , so that 's about as significant as this was . ''
Is it a `` work of art '' as Samsung described it ? Of course not . The Galaxy S8 is no Michelangelo . Samsung is also saying it 's the best design in consumer electronics , and although we should n't take the Korean tech giant 's hyperbole too literally , I for one agree .
The unveiling and design of the Galaxy S8 , in a lot of ways , is reminiscent of the company 's launch of the Galaxy S3 five years ago . It was `` original '' in the sense that it was really Samsung 's own smartphone and the first to embrace a larger screen .
While the S4 and S5 designs felt more like S3 derivatives rather than an evolution , Samsung 's Galaxy S8 is definitely a step forward from its predecessors the S7 Edge and S6 Edge .
Embracing the screen with Infinity Display
The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus ' dual-edged , `` wraparound '' display dominates the phone . It 's eye-catching and simply beautiful . The screen , now extended top to bottom with the company logo gone , takes up 83 percent of the phone 's front . It feels like it 's even more than that , but I 'll take Samsung 's word for it .
Even from a brief glance , the side edges curve inwards more than the S7 . This is likely in response to the edges protruding out too much , sometimes being inadvertently touched when using the main screen .
The 18.5:9 ratio elongated screen and edges really come into play when streaming videos . I played some pre-installed demos , and the screen `` encircles '' the clip to give the impression that it is wider than it is . The wraparound display achieves more than just looking beautiful here -- it 's now even more immersive .
Traces of iPhone-like side designs , which were raised for the launch of the S6 , are gone . Company executives vowed to make the edge design and the metal work a Samsung signature going forward . In terms of design , no other phone comes into mind ; the Infinity Display really lends the S8 a made-by-Samsung feel .
Graspable glossy metal polish
Samsung continues the glossy glass-metal finish that it started with the S6 . The colors in the S8 seem more settled as compared to sometimes gaudy feeling I got from the S6 and S7 .
It is more solemn than flashy , and the glass absorbs light well to make it reflect less , forming silhouettes rather than mirror images . It 's kind of like car metal , and makes the S8 and S8 Plus look like a Ferrari among phones , suggestive of the $ 900 price tag .
Despite the big screen and pricey-looking metal and glass finish , the S8 is very light and sits in the hand surprisingly well . The jet-black cover variation gives the feel of holding onto just a display rather than an entire phone . And the company has really stepped-up in cutting the Gorilla Glass , giving it mastery over its Android rivals .
For the S8 , the width has been kept the same but the length is extended , making it 5.8 inches for the S8 and 6.2 inches for the S8 Plus . One concern is whether the S8 and S8 Plus will sit well in the pocket -- something Apple 's iPhone Plus and Samsung 's own Note range took criticism for .
The Bixby button
What is interesting about Bixby , more than being a virtual assistant , is that it has a dedicated physical button on the side .
It 's ironic because physical buttons seem to on their way out , as demonstrated by Samsung removing the home button . It is arguably the first time a physical button , besides on/off , volume , or camera is being introduced . Why ?
The Bixby button is right below the volume button on the left side , so your index finger will be bound to touch it now and then . We are so used to the button configuration of the smartphone that putting a fingerprint sensor on the S8 will definitely annoy some . Basically , Samsung wants Bixby to become an intuitive press habit of yours . But whether it will work remains to be seen .
And there is a bigger consideration here . The physical button , I think , reflects Samsung 's brainstorming efforts on how to leverage hardware to make the virtual assistant more accessible . Remember , Samsung announced plans to deploy Bixby in its other consumer electronics , such as home appliances , and there will be different ergonomic considerations for the best way to deploy the virtual assistant depending on device-type .
Samsung told ZDNet that Bixby is a `` baby-step , '' but added that the addition of the physical button is also a sign of confidence that the virtual assistant platform will become bigger . Bixby 's growth will be an interesting test to see how hardware could cater or change to adapt to it .
Lighting-fast iris and facial recognition
At least for the demo , the iris and face scanning is super fast , likely due to the 10-nanometer processing beasts Exynos 9 and Snapdragon 835 .
Users can register their face via the camera app . Even with a brief flash , the S8 recognized my face and unlocked the phone immediately . Samsung says the big plus from facial recognition will bolster security for those who do n't password protect their phones ( guilty ) .
I sincerely hope , however , that Samsung will find a way to put the fingerprint sensor on the screen , which for the S8 is now on the back next to the camera . This decision seems a compromise due to current technological limitations rather than a conscious choice based on practicality . Now that the home button is virtual , it 'd just be cooler and easier to have everything on the screen as touching is far more intuitive than pressing .
Future : All-screen ?
Specs are part of what wins consumers over , especially for tech aficionados and experts . But for the mass consumers , I think the key factor is emotional appeal based on appearance , and this is where design proves important . The S8 and S8 Plus have hit the nail on the head in this regard .
This focus on design is nothing new for Samsung . The Gear S3 Classic and Gear S3 Frontier are good recent examples , as is the new Frame TV , which changes the TV in to a picture frame .
But now that phone specifications are nearly neck-and-neck among the top vendors , differentiation is hard ; it 's only the design factor where makers can put themselves ahead of the pack . Design is everything now . Samsung 's advantage in displays seems clear and it should continue to focus on that going forward .
The natural next step for the Note 8 , or the S9 , will be all-screen device . I can already hear Samsung 's presentation announcement next year of a screen that takes up 90 percent of the device . It will be interesting to see if the company will make an edge top to button , but due to usability considerations , this will not be an easy decision .
The company 's next evolution from the wraparound display will be an interesting experiment . For now at least , it seems there 's no need for a foldable phone .
The Seattle Mariners organization is apologizing to the LGBTQ community . That 's after two incidents in which couples say they were humiliated by ballpark staff - one of them at the Mariners first ever Pride night .
Major League Baseball 's own Ambassador of Inclusion , Billy Bean , threw out the first pitch on Pride night at Safeco Field , Aug 19 . Bean 's job is to provide guidance in support of the LGBTQ community .
Seattle resident Mary McHale was at the game , too , with their significant other . Having a grandfather who loves the Mariners , McHale associates the team with warm , happy feelings . That changed as the couple was waiting for a ride outside the ballpark .
McHale : `` My sweetheart looked at me and said what a great time we were having , and we kissed . And just standing there , not doing anything obscene or anything that would make any of the other folks around us uncomfortable , and that 's when a Safeco Field employee came out and said , 'ladies , I 'm gon na have to ask you to stop . ' ''
McHale says it was humiliating for multiple reasons . It was Pride night , for one , and neither McHale nor their partner go by female pronouns .
While we are still waiting for Xiaomi to release its own smartwatch , a company called Huami is releasing its own smartwatch on August 30 . Some of you might not be familiar with the company , so we 'll give a brief history lecture .
Xiaomi 's popular Mi Band was the result of a partnership between Xiaomi and Huaheng Electronic Technology . The partnership resulted in Huami Technology ( Huaheng + Xiaomi ) with Huaheng providing manufacturing expertise and Xiaomi providing financial backing .
Following the success of the Mi Band , Huami launched a new watch called the Amazefit . The ceramic watch was backed by other investors other than Xiaomi like Bayan Capital , Sequoia Capital , and Morningside Capital . Now Huami is releasing a new smartwatch come 30th of August .
After the CEO , Hua Huang , posted on Weibo about the upcoming smartwatch , Xiaomi 's official spokesman responded to the post by saying that this is not Xiaomi 's watch but a Huami watch . While Xiaomi is truly working on a smartwatch , based on rumours and leaks , it is also said to launch this month as well but wo n't have a low price tag .
READ MORE : Xiaomi Prepares for US Market Launch
According to sources , this Huami smartwatch has been under development for 2 years in the United States and will have a price tag of 1000 Yuan ( $ 150 ) when it officially launches .
According to research firm NPD Group , digital sales for PC gaming have risen quite a bit and are now closing in on retail sales . We can safely say that Steam has played a huge part in the recent turn of events . The reports from NPD group reveal that full-game PC digital download purchases reached 21.3 million in the U.S. during 2009 , slightly fewer than 23.5 million in retail box sales during the same period . According to these numbers 48 percent of unit sales for PC games last year were digital downloads , and accounted for 36 percent of dollar sales , according to NPD Group estimates .
Although there was a rise in digital sales the overall PC gaming market did n't grow by that much which has led to a 23 % drop in Retail game sales in the US to $ 538 million for 2009 .
NPD also released charts of the top digital retailers based on estimated unit sales and we already know who topped the sales charts for digital downloads . Unfortunately actual sales figure for each site is not available as it would be interesting to know how much does steam account for in number of total digital downloads across all sites . The charts have been divided into two separate categories – frontline ( retailers that sell digital games that may or may not be offered at traditional retail ) and casual game sites ( smaller casual games with try before you buy options and other payment methods ) :
Top 5 Frontline Digital Retailers in 2009 ( based on unit percentage share )
1 . Steampowered.com
2 . Direct2drive.com
3 . Blizzard.com
4 . EA.com
5 . Worldofwarcraft.com
Top 5 Casual Digital Retailers in 2009 ( based on unit percentage share )
1 . Bigfishgames.com
2 . Pogo.com
3 . Gamehouse.com
4. iWin.com
5 . Realarcade.com
via Gamasutra
ATWATER VILLAGE ( CBSLA.com ) — A vandal who has literally keyed in on two streets in Atwater Village , has been marking up cars for several years and has caused several thousands of dollars in damage .
The two streets are Edenhurst and Brunswick , according to fed up residents .
KCAL9 's Serene Branson talked to homeowners who said their cars were brazenly keyed — often while sitting in their driveways .
In at least one incident , the resident got a good look at the suspect via surveillance video .
Said the resident , “ Our block has been getting hit . Our neighbor 's car was keyed about six months ago , so my husband installed a security camera . On May 1 , just after 2 a.m. , our cars got keyed and the vandal was caught on our video . We 've filed a police report and talked to all the neighbors . ”
The resident 's husband , named Tony , posted the video on YouTube .
Branson spoke to Tony . “ I woke up in the morning , saw it happened . I looked on the video and there it was . ”
On the video , you see the alleged vandal taking a sharp object — with two hands — and running down the length of one car . You then see him walking back and digging the object into the hood of another car .
Tony said , “ He really had some anger in him , seemed like . He dug in really deep . ”
Residents say the vandal had hit at least 20 cars and up down the tree-lined streets . The damage to Tony and his wife 's vehicles alone is $ 4,500 .
Another resident told Branson her red Jaguar has been hit twice . “ It was heartbreaking . Really heartbreaking . Nobody understands him . What 's going on ? , ” says Rhonda Spearman-Washington .
Spearman-Washington says the second time , the vandal did n't just key the vehicle , he left doodles . “ From the front fender to the back . ”
Tony believes the man comes into their neighborhood on bicycle — officials believe the suspect is local to the area .
No one in the neighborhood has recognized the man . Tony and his neighbors are hoping someone will recognize the man from the video .
Officers with the LAPD 's Northeast Division say if you recognize the man in the video , to give them a call .
The era of President Trump has brought a flood of new Democratic candidates running for House seats , right as the party looks to channel Trump backlash into a House majority .
As of Tuesday , 489 new Democratic candidates had registered House bids with the Federal Election Commission . That number vastly outpaces new candidate registrations in every other House cycle since 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Many Democrats are frustrated by four straight losses in contested special elections , including a high-profile , expensive defeat in Georgia on Tuesday . But they believe that their candidate numbers show the enthusiasm needed to take back the House is out there .
“ People are finally realizing that if they want to fix something , they have to do it themselves , ” said Amanda Litman , a co-founder of the Democratic recruitment group Run for Something .
That group brings together a handful of top Democratic operatives to help find and train new Democratic candidates for offices up and down the ballot .
While Republicans point to the Democratic failure to flip Georgia 's 6th District on Tuesday as proof that Democrats do n't have a path to a House majority , Litman told The Hill that she believes the steady trend of losing Democratic candidates who nevertheless outperformed in red districts could still promise a “ Democratic wave . ”
A snapshot of recent FEC data shows a dramatic uptick in filings by new Democratic House candidates when compared to this point in the last four election cycles .
At this point in 2015 , 190 new Democratic House candidates had already filed their bids . In the four election cycles between 2009 and 2015 , an average of 179 new candidates had filed by this point in the cycle .
Republicans are seeing a record number of new candidates file over the same time period too , albeit at a level far below the Democrats . As of Monday , 256 new Republican candidates have launched bids .
Since Republicans hold the majority , Democrats have more seats to target . But Republicans have previously outpaced Democrats in the past three election cycles when it comes to new candidate registration , even though the GOP held the House majority .
A high number of candidates does n't necessarily guarantee electoral victory , especially for Democrats . Not only has history not served them well with a glut of candidates , but quantity does not necessarily mean quality .
The party 's previous high at this point in the calendar came in 2013 , when the Democrats had 220 new candidates registered ahead of the 2014 midterm elections . The party lost 13 House seats that year .
Ahead of the 2010 midterm elections , when the Democratic Party lost 63 seats and control of the House , the party had 221 new candidates by mid-June of 2009 .
But Democrats say that the high number of new candidates — more than double their number of candidates at this point in the 2014 cycle — stands as more proof that Democratic enthusiasm is strong in the age of Trump .
They point to crumbling special election margins in once-safe Republican seats , big Democratic leads on generic ballot polls , a president whose approval rating hovers around 40 percent and a GOP healthcare bill that 's even less popular as factors that will only boost their candidates in 2018 .
“ The energy is being driven in part by Trump , but also by the damaging things that House Republicans are doing to folks who are struggling right now , ” said Doug Thornell , a former Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee aide .
“ They were expecting a change and deals to get done and legislation to move and bills to be signed . None of that has happened . ”
With a limited number of seats up for grabs , the major uptick in new candidates will translate into crowded primaries between little-known candidates .
Reps. Pete Sessions ( R-Texas ) and John Faso ( R-N.Y. ) , for example , each have eight Democratic challengers eager to face them after the primary .
And Reps. Peter Roskam ( R-Ill. ) and Barbara Comstock ( R-Va. ) both have six Democratic candidates trying to take their seats .
The crowd increases the potential for dramatic primaries that could reignite tensions between the party 's more liberal and moderate factions . That 's welcome news for Republicans , who are carefully watching the Democratic primary field ahead of the 2018 midterms .
“ The high recruitment numbers for Democrats are a double-edged sword , ” said one House Republican strategist
involved in a race targeted by Democrats .
“ It clearly shows increased enthusiasm , but also makes brutal and expensive primaries far more likely that could leave the eventual Democratic nominees damaged and broke by the time they general elections start . ”
Crowded primaries could also create another problem — the prospect that a fringe candidate can win a primary after more electable candidates split the rest of the vote , dooming the party for the general election .
That same problem once bedeviled the GOP establishment . In one example , Tea Party favorite Sharron Angle beat out two establishment-backed foes in Nevada 's 2010 Senate primary , but had trouble unifying the party around her candidacy to knock off then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE .
But that could become a Democratic problem too , depending on how some of these primary fields shake out .
“ Democrats also have to be extremely worried that increased polarization and multi-way primaries will result in extreme , far-left nominees that have no chance of winning moderate districts , ” the GOP House source added .
But most Democrats do n't appear concerned about the effects of a primary , with those who spoke with The Hill arguing that primaries will energize the Democratic base behind general election nominees .
“ There may be some instances of really bloody primaries , but that 's the nature of politics , ” Thornell said .
“ At the end of the day , whoever makes it into the general will be better off having gone through a primary . ”
New Delhi : ED has arrested a manager of a Kotak Bank branch in connection with its money laundering probe in a criminal case of detection of nine alleged fake accounts with deposits worth Rs 34 crore post demonetisation .
Officials said the agency arrested the manager of the banks branch in the K G Marg area in the city , late on Tuesday night after questioning .
`` The manager has been arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act and will be produced before the court for further custody , '' they said .
The Enforcement Directorate took on the case and registered an FIR under PMLA laws after taking cognisance of Delhi Polices crime branch FIR in the said case .
Police had also arrested two persons last week for allegedly depositing black money worth Rs 34 crore in nine fake accounts being operated in the Naya Bazar branch of the said bank .
A bank spokesperson had then said in a statement that it `` confirms that it has a robust system of regularly and proactively filing necessary reports with the statutory authorities as prescribed by them , which include these accounts .
`` The Bank denies that there were any fake accounts.The Bank is extending full cooperation to the investigating authorities , '' the spokesperson said .
New research by Dutch geneticists affiliated with the Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre demonstrates that spontaneous mutations are an important cause of mental retardation . The majority of mental retardation is caused by spontaneous mutations in paternal sperm or maternal egg cells , the scientists say .
With this conclusion , the researchers have not only resolved an important paradox but have also caused a small revolution in the world of medical genetics . They present their work in the journal Nature Genetics .
Mental retardation is a severe disorder that affects approximately two percent of the general population . Over the last few years , several genes have been identified to cause this disorder , but these have so far only explained a limited number of cases . The main genetic cause , referred to as the 'missing heritability ' , still awaits discovery . But what is this missing heritability for mental retardation ?
Dutch researchers affiliated with the Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre , under supervision of Joris Veltman and Han Brunner , show in their article in Nature Genetics that newly generated ( de novo ) mutations explain a large portion of mental retardation . As such , mental retardation is not transmitted from one generation to the next , but occurs through spontaneously arisen genetic changes in the egg or sperm cells of the parents ; The child has a defect in one of the genes , which still shows a normal function in both parents .
Genetic difference in parents and children
The researchers read the genetic code of all 20.000 genes for 10 patients with mental retardation . A similar analysis was performed for their healthy parents . By comparing the genetic codes obtained , differences in genes between parents and child could be precisely determined .
For nine out of ten children , the researchers indeed found such changes , each time in a different gene . For three children , the change identified was irrelevant to their disorder . But more important , for the remaining six children , they found two changes that are definitely relevant to their disorder and the four other changes are most likely related to their disorder . Geneticist Joris Veltman : `` Apparently , the mental retardation observed in six of these ten children can be explained by a novel genetic change , a de novo mutation . This is more than half of all - so far - unexplained mental retardation ! ''
Paradox resolved
In the world of medical genetics , mental retardation reflects an intriguing paradox . Individuals with mental retardation seldom have children themselves ; as such , they do not pass their impairment on to the next generation . Nonetheless , the frequency of mental retardation in the general population balances and remains around two percent . How can this be possible ? Then what is the cause of mental retardation ? This question has never been answered to full satisfaction .
Veltman and Brunner now offer a surprising resolution for this paradox . A majority of mental retardation occurred by chance ; by novel mutations in the genetic code of the children . It is expected that approximately 1,000 of all 20,000 genes can cause mental retardation . When a de novo mutation hits one of these genes , it will result in mental retardation .
Reassuring message
Parents of children with mental retardation often want to understand the cause of the mental retardation , but also want to estimate their recurrence risk for future pregnancies . Clinical geneticist Han Brunner : `` In more than half of the cases we could not answer this question as we did not know the cause . With this approach , it is now possible to elucidate up to sixty percent of all currently unsolved causes . In addition , we can now determine the recurrence risk for those families in which a de novo mutation caused the mental retardation . This risk will be only marginally increased compared to the general population . For many parents this is a reassuring message which may play a role in their decision making process for additional children . ''
Small revolution
On average , one new mutation will appear during the process that copies all parental genes to their child . With 1,000 of all 20,000 genes potentially playing a role in mental retardation , the chance of having a child with mental retardation is relatively high . A similar scenario is likely to be true for other diseases in which a large number of genes play a role , such as schizophrenia and autism . The concept of de novo mutations might be equally important for these diseases .
These findings may cause a small revolution for genetic research , a shift in paradigm . Veltman : `` So far , mental retardation was thought to be caused by an interaction of multiple genes . We describe this as complex genetics . Indeed , in the general population mental retardation can be caused by as many as a thousand genes . But on an individual level , each case -- as we now found -- is caused by a mutation in a single gene . This newly generated mutation can be readily identified by reading the genetic code of the parents and their child , because there is only one distinguishing factor , which is the causative mutation . This opens a new window of opportunity to look at disease , diagnostics , therapy and prevention . ''
Next generation sequencing
This research has only now been made possible due to recent technological developments . Brunner : `` At the beginning of this year , the department of human genetics heavily invested in state-of-art sequencing equipment . This machine does not read the genetic code of a single gene , but enables the readout of all 20,000 genes in a single experiment . This enormous acceleration of analyzing the genome , which is referred to as 'Next Generation Sequencing ' , has caused a revolution in genetics . With this , personal genomics will become feasible , both from a financial aspect and from the time span needed to complete such an experiment . Our research is a nice example of this . ''
The Air Force has returned to flight duty the four B-1B crew members who dropped two bombs that killed five U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan in June — the deadliest “ friendly fire ” incident in the long war .
None of the Air Force or Green Beret troops directly involved in the accidental bombing has been relieved of duty or faced criminal charges , despite an investigation that found startling deficiencies .
U.S. Central Command 's official investigation of the incident found that the four fliers — two pilots and two weapons officers — did not realize the bomber 's high-definition targeting — or “ SNIPER ” — pod was n't capable of detecting the infrared strobes worn by the soldiers .
The crew also tried to locate the strobes using a pair of night vision goggles , the only system on the aircraft that could detect the “ friendly ” signals . But the plane was flying too high , beyond the goggles ' range .
The crew reported to a ground Air Force target spotter that they saw no infrared beacons . It became a false confirmation that the group of men below were the enemy , and the crew dropped two 500-pound , satellite-directed bombs on their fellow Americans .
Sources within Army Special Forces , whose team was in the firefight that night , contend that the sole fault for the incident rests with the B-1B fliers and their lack of training on how their plane 's systems work .
They also blame the Air Force joint terminal attack controller ( JTAC ) , the ground target spotter who relayed a wrong troop position to the B-1B crew . He had asked the crew via radio if they had the ability to see the Americans ' infrared signals , and they answered that they did .
“ All four B-1 crew members have completed commander-directed requalification programs and have returned to flying status , ” Capt . Andrew Schrag , a spokesman for Air Force Air Combat Command , told The Washington Times .
As for punishment , which included the possibility of criminal charges , Capt . Schrag said Lt. Gen. Tod Wolters , commander of 12th Air Force at the time , relied on his “ experienced and operational judgment ” and “ determined administrative actions were the most appropriate for this situation ” for the air crew .
“ Administrative actions are a resource available to commanders to correct behavior and rehabilitate and discipline members , ” Capt . Schrag said . “ These measures include a broad range of actions and documentation , which may be attached to a member 's record . ”
On the issue of the crew not knowing the capabilities of the B-1B 's sensors , the spokesman said : “ The four crew members underwent extensive retraining that included night vision goggle and SNIPER pod retraining . These retraining programs were tailored to each individual 's needs based upon experience and specific tasks unique to crew positions . All ground testing was re-accomplished , and a final mission check was given to the air crew prior to their return to flying status . ”
The Air Force issued a statement in January saying Gen. Wolters determined that the air crew 's “ procedural miscues did not directly cause the loss of life in this matter . ”
Army special operations sources scoff at that finding , arguing that the crew 's basic lack of knowledge about their aircraft directly led to the fratricide .
The Central Command investigation , led by Air Force Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Harrigian , also faulted the doomed soldiers ' Green Beret team captain and the senior enlisted soldier for a faulty radio , not enough pre-mission rehearsal and a lack of full situational awareness .
The Army decided not to fire them .
It issued a statement in December , saying : “ After carefully reviewing all of the information , the Commanding General of U.S. Army Special Operations Command , Lt. Gen. Charles T. Cleveland , decided not to relieve the team leader and team sergeant of the Special Forces Operational Detachment Alpha that was involved in the June 9th , 2014 , friendly fire incident in Afghanistan . However , steps will be taken to significantly reduce the chances of this type of incident from happening again . ”
The Air Force JTAC , who mistakenly told the air crew the Americans were a safe distance from the target when they were in fact the target , had a spotty career . He had been demoted from staff sergeant to senior airman for misconduct . He was kicked out of a special unit because he twice called in close air support directly over friendly positions . The Times learned that he showed a lack of basic air controller know-how when he was interviewed by accident investigators .
The JTAC found out before the mission that he would not be retained by the Air Force . The firing resulted in him being separated from the service . He also received what the Air Force called “ administrative ” actions before he left .
On the night of June 9 , the Green Beret-led force of Americans and Afghans had completed a village-clearing operation and came under fire while awaiting extraction helicopters .
The B-1B arrived to perform close air support at 12,000 feet and a 5-mile orbit . It then dropped the two bombs on the Americans positioned on a ridge line .
Killed were Staff Sgt . Jason McDonald , Staff Sgt . Scott Studenmund , Spec . Justin Helton , Cpl . Justin Clouse and Pvt . Aaron Toppen . An Afghan army sergeant also died .
The tragedy has been cited in Washington 's debate over the future of the A-10 , a storied attack jet designed in the 1970s specifically for close air support .
Former pilots say the deaths never would have happened if a low-flying A-10 Thunderbolt had been dispatched that night , because its pilots know how to use night vision goggles and would have been able to see the “ friendly ” strobes .
The Air Force , citing tight budgets , is retiring the A-10 , which is deployed in the ongoing air war against the Islamic State terrorist army . Sen. John McCain , Arizona Republican and chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Services , has criticized the Air Force for shutting down A-10 squadrons before providing a dedicated replacement . He says the B-1B strategic bomber is ill-suited for close air support .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Normcore is the buzzword that has infiltrated the fashion and online world in the past month or so , and everyone from Alexander Wang 's adorable niece Aila to top NYC bloggers have been sporting the Adidas slides + socks combo like it 's couture . Originally coined by New York trend forecaster K-Hole , normcore has transgressed from a trend to a phenomenon as fashion sources like The Cut , Lucky Magazine and Refinery29 have all attempted to decode its meaning and guide us towards achieving a look that 's been characterized as “ a fashion statement that does n't make a statement . ”
We decided to put the trend to the test in order to find out exactly how wearable it really is .
Helen : I view normcore as a way to express oneself through the simplest and mundane pieces of clothing . It 's been fun thinking about how to dress normcore without being too plain or too sloppy . Though I 'm not sure if I nailed it on my first try . My husband said I look like `` Sophie , '' my son 's giraffe toy .
Libby : To me , normcore means getting rid of individuality or any form of self expression . It is dressing up to be part of the `` norm. ” Since I live in an area with a lot of old people and grocery stores , I was inspired by those old ladies going grocery shopping with their tote bags . Something about baggy outerwear over big skirts just felt so ... normcore .
Catlyn :
Normcore ( noun ) : 1 . A fashion movement , c. 2014 , in which scruffy young urbanites swear off the tired street-style clichés of the last decade — skinny jeans , wallet chains , flannel shirts — in favor of a less-ironic ( but still pretty ironic ) embrace of bland , suburban anti-fashion attire . ( See Jeans , mom . Sneakers , white . )
2 . A sociocultural concept , c. 2013 , having nothing to do with fashion , that concerns hipster types learning to get over themselves , sometimes even enough to enjoy mainstream pleasures like football along with the rest of the crowd .
3 . An Internet meme that turned into a massive in-joke that the news media keeps falling for . ( NY Times )
I 'm so confused…
Ashley : I feel like the essence of normcore is dressing like you are n't trying to make a fashion statement , but I found that a little difficult . The more I thought about what normcore was “ supposed ” to look like , the longer it took for me to come up with an appropriate outfit . In the end , I settled on my dad 's old sweater vest and my white slip-ons . While not my usual style , I would give it another go , especially if it means track pants , sneakers and a plain tee are in rotation .
What are your thoughts on normcore ? Share in the comments below !
Additional photos courtesy of : blairbadge , RedReidinghood , CharlieCole and lanton .
Every Monday through Friday , we deliver a different song as part our Song of the Day podcast subscription . This podcast features exclusive KEXP in-studio performances , unreleased songs , and recordings from independent artists that our DJs think you should hear . Today 's song , featured on the Morning Show with John Richards , is `` Wartime '' by Charms from their 2013 self-released EP Hillary .
Charms - Wartime ( MP3 )
Charms bring a brightness to the Seattle garage rock scene . Their fuzzy tunes have a uniquely jangling nature to them , keeping things upbeat and depending more on complex melody and bright energy than grit and gristle like many of their garage counterparts . Their Hillary EP , released January of this year , is chalk full of sunny , euphonic garage goodness that would compliment any summer playlist .
`` Wartime '' is the cream of the crop here , though . A bright guitar hook drives the tune forward , only ever building momentum over the track 's two and a half minutes . The harmony between guitar and bass echoes the intricacies of Seattle indie rock kings Minus the Bear , while the forward energy and garage tendencies put the track alongside contemporaries on their scene . Despite the brightness of the backing track , Eleazer Tolentino 's lyrics are pretty dark . `` Your days are numbered '' he sings with intensity , documenting some sort of unseen omen coming towards those that go about their daily American lives in naive bliss . The contrast between light and dark here makes for a more intense emotional experience . All around , it 's a great track .
You can check out the rest of Hillary at the Charms Bandcamp page and look for future tour dates on their Facebook page . Also , check out the video for `` Wartime '' below , featuring some footage of the band at Columbia City Theater :
A furious driver who refused to let his car be towed away took matters in to his own hands by brazenly reversing it off the back of a tow truck in true James Bond style .
The enraged male driver leapt into his car which was already on the tow truck and on its way to the car pound and slammed it into reverse before crashing three feet to the ground with a thump . He then drove off before the police arrived . The dramatic moment was captured on camera by parking enforcement officers in East London .
The car , believed to be a Vauxhall Astra , had been loaded on to the lorry by Waltham Forest Council 's parking contractors NSL after the driver was accused of illegally parking it in Hazelwood Road , Walthamstow .
But before staff had a chance to secure it , the driver jumped onto the back of the truck and casually got behind the wheel of his car .
The video shows him accelerating off the platform and plummeting to the ground to shouts and cheers from people in the street .
'' When you see the video you ca n't help being shocked by his actions , '' Clyde Loakes , the deputy leader of the council , said .
`` The man had an utter disregard for anyone on the street and what he did was extremely dangerous .
'' You can see kids and other members of the public milling around in the foreground of the video and thank goodness none of them were in the immediate vicinity or he could have killed someone . ''
The council said the car would undoubtedly have been left damaged following the incident , which was reported to police .
A spokesman for the council said the matter had been reported to police but neither the motorist nor the car had yet been found , as it appeared the car was not registered to the man who was driving it .
A Met Police spokesman said officers had been called to an altercation between a motorist and parking officials and said four officers had gone to the scene in Hazelwood Road , Walthamstow .
But they said that by the time police arrived , the motorist had driven off .
The spokesman said efforts had been made to trace the motorist but police were no longer involved as it was considered to be a civil matter .
A bystander said : 'There was an almighty crash as he dropped about three feet to the ground - I would think that whatever money he saved on the parking ticket , he 'll have to pay to get his exhaust repaired . '
The incident happened around 8am on August 29 .
A father shot and killed a teenage boy as he was running out from a bedroom closet after his daughter sneaked him into their family home in the middle of the night , police said .
Dereck Fulton shot and killed Jordan Middleton , 17 , after claiming he thought the teenager was a home intruder on Saturday in Grovetown , Georgia .
Fulton 's daughter , 14 , had sneaked Middleton into the house in the middle of the night , at 2.47am , and brought him into the home 's guest bedroom , where the two were staying .
Fulton shot the young man once in the chest as he was running from the bedroom 's closet after the father heard noises coming from the room , according to Columbia County police reports .
Jordan Middleton , 17 , was shot dead by Dereck Fulton on Saturday in Grovetown , Georgia . Fulton had shot the teen after his daughter , 14 , sneaked him inside the family 's home in the middle of the night
Fulton fired at Middleton after he heard noises coming from the home 's guest bedroom on Coventry Avenue ( pictured ) . Fulton thought the teenager was an intruder and fired his weapon
Fulton told police he heard sounds coming from downstairs and that his dog was barking uncontrollably . Thinking an intruder was in the house , he grabbed his gun and went downstairs .
The family pet was barking at the guest bedroom door and Fulton yelled out twice in warning that he was armed and if someone was in the house , they needed to identify themselves .
When no response was made , he entered the bedroom and that 's when Middleton ran out from the bedroom 's closet .
Fulton fired his gun as Middleton was trying to run out of the room , hitting him once in the chest and medics later pronounced him dead on the home 's foyer floor .
It was only after Middleton was shot that Fulton learned that his daughter had invited Middleton over . Fulton then began to administer CPR to the teenager
Middleton attended Grovetown High School and his former basketball coach said he was 'just a great kid . Very likable , always had a smile on his face . '
It was only after Fulton shot Middleton that he learned his daughter had brought him into the home close to 3am , and Fulton then began to perform CPR on the teenager , reported WRDW .
Middleton attended Grovetown High School and his former basketball coach said he was 'just a great kid . Very likable , always had a smile on his face . '
Police report that no charges have been filed but the investigation is ongoing .
Under Georgia gun laws , homeowners are allowed to use deadly force if a person is in the act of breaking or has broken into a home in a violent manner and the homeowner believes the intruder poses a danger to the household .
A homeowner is also allowed to use deadly force if a person who is not a member of the household has entered the residence unlawfully and forcibly .
Best case scenario if your startup tanks — find a big company to buy you and salvage your team and tech for parts . ( Swooping in here is what Facebook and Google do best . )
But for some , getting bought is n't always on the table .
That was the case for Canvas and DrawQuest , the drawing app and community launched by 4Chan founder Chris Poole a few years ago . The company announced on Tuesday it would be shutting down , just months after Poole launched the app on the iPhone .
But Poole 's admission of failure , as others have noted , was refreshingly honest compared to the many , many other startups that die unceremonious deaths in the Valley .
“ Today my startup failed , ” Poole 's personal blog post read . “ No soft landing , no happy ending — we simply failed . ”
In an exit interview with TechCrunch , Poole admitted he tried shopping DrawQuest around for a potential acquisition . No one took him up on the offer .
Simultaneously , the mail-focused startup Outbox announced on Tuesday that it , too , had failed in gaining traction with its original conception — a service that scans physical mail and sends it to your email inbox for reading .
In its own lengthy blog post , the Outbox team detailed certain aspects of its demise , citing rising user acquisition costs and a falling-out with the United States Postal Service ( once a partner of Outbox ) .
It seems that Outbox , however , is where Poole was a few years ago in its failure cycle . When Poole 's first idea for a community-based drawing site ( Canvas ) flopped , he used the remaining funds he had to create DrawQuest . Outbox is n't talking about its next moves , but the startup is indeed working on a new product with its own team and resources .
Update 2:15 pm PST : And would n't you know it , yet another startup died in the time this post was being edited . CarWoo , an online car-buying marketplace , announced it too had closed its doors as of Tuesday .
Perhaps the Outbox team will have better success in its second iteration — whatever that may be . CarWoo had a partial exit , with some of its team members jumping to join its competitor , TrueCar . And though he has n't figured out what 's next , Poole has his 4Chan background and venture capital connections to fall back on .
In other words , it 's just another day in Silicon Valley .
Manchester United played Real Madrid in front of a record US crowd of 109,318 in Michigan during pre-season
Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore has all-but ended the idea of playing an extra competitive '39th ' top-flight match abroad .
`` The idea of an extra game is gone , '' Scudamore told the Mail on Sunday .
The concept of playing one of the existing 38 Premier League games overseas has also been explored .
But asked to clarify that games would not be played abroad during the next TV deal from 2016-17 to 2018-19 , Scudamore said : `` You can make that assumption . ''
Bidding for the next set of rights is open to tender and there will be 168 live matches available - up from the current 154 matches - split into seven packages .
In a new move , up to 10 Friday night games will be offered .
Scudamore would like an overseas match to take place as well but that does not appear likely .
`` I 've never shied away from the fact that personally I think it 's a good idea , '' he said . `` I bear the scars from thinking it 's a good idea .
`` A lot of the clubs think it 's a good idea ... but there is absolutely no timeline and no idea when it might happen . ''
Climate change is forcing the boreal forest that covers much of northern Canada to a tipping point , concludes a newly published study .
`` The changes could be very dramatic and very fast , '' said Dmitry Schepaschenko of Austria 's Institute for Applied Systems Analysis .
Schepaschenko was one of three authors who collaborated on a detailed review of current research on the boreal forest . Their conclusions were released Thursday in a special edition of the journal Science .
One of the authors is from Natural Resources Canada , but was unable to speak on the record because of restrictions placed on public servants during the federal election .
The boreal forest is one of the largest ecological zones on the planet . It covers much of northern Canada and extends into Scandinavia and northern Russia .
Although it remains largely intact , it faces the most severe expected temperature increases anywhere on Earth . Schepaschenko said some parts of Siberia are likely to eventually become 11 C warmer .
That will bring greater precipitation , but not enough to compensate for the dryness caused by hotter weather . A drier boreal will suffer new diseases , insect infestations and vast wildfires .
Boreal could become savannah
Nor will the forest simply be able to shift north as warmer temperatures creep up from the south , said Schepaschenko .
`` The forests ca n't go so far to the north . The speed at which forests can move forward is very slow , like 100 metres a decade . ''
The result , the study concludes , is that the forest is likely to transform from an unbroken canopy of green to a mixed landscape with groves of trees separated by open grasslands .
`` This forest will convert to a type of savannah . ''
The consequences of the shift will be sweeping and affect everything from the billions of songbirds that nest in the forest to industries that depend on its vast reserves to stored carbon now locked in permafrost beneath it .
'There could be big trouble '
The study concludes that better management of the boreal forest is needed . For example , spruce trees that are commonly replanted by forestry companies are n't likely to do as well in a drier environment .
`` We really need some form of adaptive forest management , '' Schepaschenko said .
While much attention is given to the fate of tropical rain forests — often referred to as the `` lungs of the Earth '' — Schepaschenko said the boreal is crucially important as well , if only for the amount of carbon it stores .
`` Boreal forests are underestimated right now . There could be big trouble .
`` In our small world , everything is connected . ''
Police warn human guinea pig who vanished after being injected with malaria : You only have 36 hours to live
Sexual assault : Nurse Matthew Lloyd , who was feared missing after taking part in a drugs trial , has been detained under the Mental Health Act for sexual assault
The nurse who disappeared after being injected with malaria as part of a clinical trial could die within 36 hours if he does not get urgent medical attention , police warned today .
Matthew Lloyd , 35 , failed to attend the second part of the trial after phoning in ill to work .
Police urged him to attend the nearest hospital or doctors ' surgery and launched a desperate appeal to find him .
They say he may even have just 24 hours left to live if he does not take an anti-malarial drug to counter the malaria he was injected with in the first part of the trial .
Mr Lloyd , who works at Southampton General Hospital , Hants , failed to turn up for treatment in Oxford on Thursday afternoon .
He is taking part in the clinical trial with seven other volunteers and was due to be injected with a vaccine .
His bank cards were used at cashpoints in London , Milton Keynes and Birmingham over the weekend but there have been no confirmed sightings .
Detective Inspector Becky Riggs , from Hampshire Constabulary , today said : 'We are extremely concerned for Mr Lloyd 's wellbeing .
'To put it bluntly , if he has not received medical attention it will be fatal . I urge him in the strongest possible terms to attend a hospital or visit the nearest doctors ' surgery .
'He could even get treatment from a pharmacist over the counter , without the need for a prescription .
'Every police officer in the county is looking for him and officers in other counties have also been informed .
'His bank cards have been used at cash machines in London , Milton Keynes and Birmingham but we do not know for sure yet if it was him that used them .
'Our investigations are on-going . ' Mr Lloyd had phoned in ill to work in the days immediately prior to Thursday 's appointment and now has not been seen for several days .
Neighbours heard police battering down his door on Thursday evening and today it was covered with a wooden board .
Hampshire police spokesman Ian Sainsbury said : 'He needs drugs because he has done the first part of the clinical trial and needs to complete that trial .
'The last that was heard from him was when he rang in sick to work . We do not yet know when he was last seen .
'But he requires urgent medication which he does not have with him .
Treatment : Lloyd was due to receive medication at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford to counteract the deadly virus but failed to turn up
'We are appealing for anyone who has seen him or thinks they know where he is to contact them or for Matthew himself to give them a call . '
Mr Lloyd lives in a one-bedroom flat in Southampton . Neighbours to his fourth floor flat said they were unaware he had been missing until they heard police break in at about 7pm on Thursday .
One man said : ' I saw him about a month ago , I did n't really know him at all . He seemed quite quiet and kept himself to himself . I did n't know he was missing until I heard police break down his door looking for him .
'There are a lot of people here , and I know most of them , but I 've never talked to him . '
Investigating officer Detective Inspector Dave Jackson said : ' I would like to thank everyone who has given information to the police so far .
'We believe Matthew has travelled to the London , Birmingham and Milton Keynes areas in the past few days .
'Further enquiries are continuing into the circumstances surrounding these possible leads . Matthew is also known to have connections in Cornwall , Avon and Somerset .
'We are appealing again for anyone who sees Matthew or who has information about his whereabouts to contact police as soon as possible .
'Even the smallest detail could prove crucial in finding Matthew so he can receive his life-saving medication in time .
' I would also like to appeal directly to Matthew to come forward so that all his friends , family and colleagues who are worried about him can be sure he 's safe and well . '
Mr Lloyd is described as having short brown hair and is of medium build with a swarthy complexion .
When Modest Mouse released their second album — on November 18 , 1997 ; 20 years ago this Saturday — the Seattle area was in a state of flux . Described as “ a region that still held remnants of the frontier and was known for little more than building airplanes and logging ” by Michael Azerrad when setting the scene for Mudhoney 's late-'80s rise in his seminal book Our Band Could Be Your Life , the once-rugged Pacific Northwest was soon rendered unrecognizable not only by the grunge explosion , but also by across-the-board growth and expansion . Between 1990 and 2000 , Seattle gained 50,000 new residents , the largest increase since the post-war boom of the '50s .
The more drastic changes of the '90s , however , occurred on the city 's outskirts . Modest Mouse frontman Isaac Brock 's native Issaquah , a town located some 15 miles east of Seattle in the foothills of the Cascades , was a sleepy logging community of under 8,000 residents in 1990 . In 1996 , a year before The Lonesome Crowded West 's release , Costco moved its headquarters there . “ It started out as a cute little town , ” Brock said of Issaquah in a 2012 documentary on the album . “ And I got to see it very quickly just get mall-fucked . ”
But the region 's late-'90s transformation pales in comparison to what 's happened in the 20 years since the sprawl-obsessed album lamented the proliferation of Orange Juliuses and convenient parking . In the mid-2000s , Forbes named Seattle the most overpriced city in the country , and Issaquah the second-fastest growing suburb in Washington State . A 2015 study ranked the region 's traffic as sixth-worst in the nation . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , Seattle 's been among the top five fastest-growing cities in each of the past five years ( and its average rental price has kept pace ) . Late last year , Amazon opened a gargantuan three-tower complex downtown and as a result , twice as many apartments have been constructed in the region this year than were constructed in 2016 .
All of this is to say : The Lonesome Crowded West has n't aged a day , and it might even be more relevant now than it was in 1997 . Brock 's bandmates agree . In the aforementioned documentary , Modest Mouse drummer Jeremiah Green called the album “ prophetic ” and former bassist Eric Judy said , “ I think I feel more strongly about it now then I did then. ” “ You drive around nowadays , ” Brock chimed in , “ and these strip malls and shit that were getting built in the late '90s — not that long ago — the shops are fucking closed , and two miles down the road they 're building another one. ” Sure enough , there 's a Lonesome Crowded West lyric predicting exactly that : “ We tore one down and erected another there/ The match of the century , absence versus thin air . ”
Brock 's lyrics have often been relatable , unglamorous snapshots of life on the fringes of American society — the weary road tales of This Is A Long Drive For Someone With Nothing To Think About , the lapsed Christian grappling with mortality on The Moon & Antarctica — but few land with the lasting sting and impact of those on The Lonesome Crowded West . He briefly mentioned “ building a desert ” and exploiting natural beauty for “ beach side property ” on 1996 's This is A Long Drive… but would expand that anger at land development into a full thesis for his next album .
From the first lyrics on opener “ Teeth Like God 's Shoeshine ” — “ From the top of the ocean/ To the bottom of the sky , goddamn/ Well , I get claustrophobic ” — the push-and-pull between wide-open natural spaces and manmade problems is palpable . Within the album 's oxymoronic title , which juxtaposes the words “ lonesome ” and “ crowded , ” lies its central conflict : At what point does an increase in population and modern conveniences actually serve to alienate humans from one another ? If we 're creating structures and objects with clear use value , Earth should feel more hospitable to its dominant species , but Brock believed the opposite was true , often saying that the album was about the “ dehumanizing ” of America .
Brock was so appalled by urbanization that on 1996 's “ All Night Diner , ” he sang that he avoided premature ejaculation by envisioning pavement . His disdain for societal “ progress ” extended from the destruction of nature ( in the 2012 documentary he revealed his disgust at the placement of Southcenter Mall and Boeing factories on the uncommonly fertile banks of South Seattle 's Duwamish and Green rivers ) to consumerism and industry . “ Do you need a lot of what you got to survive ? ” Brock asks on “ Teeth Like God 's Shoeshine , ” sounding almost puritanical or Thoreau-esque when describing the unnatural trappings of the infamous Orange Julius , whose “ thick syrup ” caused free beings to voluntarily stand in lines . On “ Doin ' The Cockroach , ” he even compares our obsession with junk food ( “ Tasty but worthless ” ) to dogs eating their own shit .
Growing up in a working-class family , Brock 's view of work as something involving physical labor and tangible results bled into a clear disapproval of the white-collar jobs and intellectuals flooding into his region . Over the course of The Lonesome Crowded West , he takes aim at doctors , lawyers , cinematographers , writers , and dot-com boomers , alternately calling them “ cash thieves ” or “ pornographers , ” yelling at them to shut up , or , most memorably , ethering them with , “ Working real hard to make internet cash/ Work your fingers to the bone sitting on your ass. ” He mocks yuppies by stealing their jargon ( “ Cowboy Dan 's a major player in the cowboy scene ” ) and extrapolating their wasteful mindset to more dire situations ( “ Should have insured that planet before it crashed ” ) . Cities , Brock seems to say on “ Convenient Parking ” and “ Bankrupt On Selling , ” are unlimited hells built to store and sell useless commodities , populated with “ businessers ” buying and selling all their trash to each other . Not only that , but it was starting to “ bleed out onto the highways ” and into rural areas .
All of this vitriol would read as bitter Neo-Luddism were it not presented alongside the more private thoughts of someone who 's seeing their time-honored way of life vanish before their eyes . A good deal of The Lonesome Crowded West , and Modest Mouse 's work in general , has the air of a cornered drunk lashing out at whoever will listen and alienating himself in the process , but this album in particular is more concerned with the aftermath . It 's music for tough guys at rock bottom , crying into their tallboys when they think nobody 's watching .
“ My heart is slowly drying up , ” Brock sings on the last line of the aggressively pessimistic “ Shit Luck , ” perhaps revealing the first stumble of the downward spiral wrought by changing surroundings . The semi-fictitious character “ Cowboy Dan ” feels himself slipping into obsolescence , his actions robbed of their agency in the heartbreaking lines :
Every time you think you 're walking , you 're just moving the ground Every time you think you 're talking , you 're just moving your mouth Every time you think you 're looking , you 're just looking down
When Dan ca n't get his engine started , even if he 's sober , there 's nothing left to do but booze himself out of existence . “ I 'm trying to drink away the part of the day that I can not sleep away , ” Brock later sings on “ Polar Opposites. ” Inebriated disorientation and general disillusionment are blended further on “ Long Distance Drunk , ” in which the narrator says that it “ Does n't seem like anything you 're saying or doing is making any sense. ” Substance abuse is the album 's main coping mechanism for unemployment and creeping urbanization , but Jesus hangs around in the background too . “ All 's not well but I 'm told that it 'll all be quite nice , ” Brock sings on album closer “ Styrofoam Boots/It 's All Nice On Ice , Alright , ” echoing Christianity 's promise of salvation and the righting of earthly wrongs .
Even for those who are n't religious , unemployed , coping with addiction , or opposed to urbanization , The Lonesome Crowded West makes it easy to understand how these identities continue to describe vast swathes of people in the peripheral zones that have gone from rural to suburban to urban in the past twenty years . In addition to exponential increases in land development ( not just in the Seattle area ) , a recent surge in economic inequality and widening cultural divide explain why this album 's characters and narrators may sound more familiar today than they did in 1997 . If Brock 's Cowboy Dan were alive today , he 'd be begrudgingly working at Walmart , addicted to opiates , and voting for Trump .
As he 's stayed fairly mum on current events , it 's unclear how much Isaac Brock 's personal politics informed The Lonesome Crowded West . We do know that his disdain for and reluctant tolerance of most cities is real ( see his recent comments on his adopted home of Portland , Oregon ) , and that he does claim to be liberal . In the 2012 documentary , he did explain his semi-autobiographical approach on the song “ Trailer Trash ” : “ With the lyrics on that song , like anything , you take your experiences and then you make half fiction . ”
While The Lonesome Crowded West is largely told from the perspective of people who , if asked , would probably want to “ Make America Great Again , ” it 's far cry from other media that fully empathize with with Trump voters in an effort to explain the genesis of their views . J.D . Vance 's 2016 book Hillbilly Elegy is chief among these , and his gentle hand when describing the loss of traditional American ways of life sharply contrasts with Brock 's often-scathing tone on the album . When Brock adopts a nihilistic tone and claims that “ high school means nothing ” on “ Trailer Trash , ” you 'd have to be willfully ignorant to believe that he 's actually devaluing education . After all , he named his band after a Virginia Woolf story .
Instead , Brock 's rage on the album seems more aimed at late capitalism than either side of the political fence . It 's the nationwide drive for profit , for commodities , that does more to estrange Cowboy Dan from the writer on the train talking about TV . After all , Dan and his yuppie nemeses are thinking the same thing , generally speaking : “ I 've got mine but I want more. ” Brock 's most damning sentiments are saved for The Man , or a far-off “ they , ” those who he says would bottle and sell their consciences if they could .
Indictments of manifest destiny and corporate greed are a dime a dozen in the past 50 years of popular music ; what makes The Lonesome Crowded West essential is its prescience and its untapped vantage point . We 've already touched on the ways that lyrics like “ The malls are the soon-to-be ghost towns ” have predicted real estate headlines of the future , but consider how few indie rock albums are written ostensibly against their target demographic : college-educated city-dwellers . One of the few that springs to mind is EMA 's recent , Trump-motivated Exile in the Outer Ring , the title of which refers to the nether regions between urban and rural that are now filled with the detritus of failed suburbs . Like Brock , Erika M. Anderson speaks for those who are usually voiceless in popular culture , but hers is more of a knee-jerk reaction to a contemporary problem , whereas The Lonesome Crowded West used examples from the past and present to paint a startlingly accurate pre-dystopian image of the future .
While Issaquah might have looked simultaneously lonesome and crowded in 1997 , residents of similar small towns on the periphery of cities might have wondered what Cowboy Dan meant when he said , “ I did n't move to the city , the city moved to me. ” Nowadays , with the widespread brain drain on rural areas and urban-dwellers regularly being priced out further and further into the outskirts , Modest Mouse 's brutally clear depictions of waste and decay have never been more relevant .
Here are the biggest questions . We 'll be adding/updating/editing them as we go . If you have a question we did n't address , just add it as a comment !
Who goes first in Contested Risks ?
Whoever has the most Raises spends the first Raise . By the way , we are re-designing contested risks in a big way . You should see something soon .
What if a player/GM uses a rule to be a jerk ?
Sorry , I ca n't fix that , and honestly , that 's the GM 's job . She maintains the order at the table . To quote our friend Jesse Heinig , “ Best you can do is encourage desired behaviors and discourage unwanted ones . ”
What does the “ Reroll ” tag at the bottom of the Skills list mean ?
It means that , if you have at least two Ranks in a Skill , you can reroll one die every time you make a Risk using that Skill . If you had at least four Rank in a Skill , you could reroll two dice every time you made a Risk , but in the Quickstart , nobody has four Ranks yet .
Do the Heroes get 2 bonus dice against a Villain when the Villain has two Dramatic Wounds ?
Nope . Villains just keep on tickin ' until you knock ‘ em down .
When you reach your third Dramatic Wound , is it just nines that count as tens , or do you now only require a total of nine to make a Raise ?
Your 9 's count as 10 's on the dice . To make Raises , you still need to make a total of 10 .
Can Keen Senses be used for eavesdropping ?
Absolutely .
Can another Hero aid a dueling Hero by spending a Hero Point ( such as shouting encouragement or yelling advice , or insulting their opponent ) ?
Yes .
When performing a Duel Maneuver , does it cost 1 Raise for the Maneuver itself ?
No . If you spend 3 Raises to slash , your opponent takes 3 Wounds . There is no “ start up cost . ”
It seems to me that the hero point system is designed so a player never uses their own hero points , but need to coordinate with the rest of the group and share them . Is that correct ?
I would n't say “ never uses their own , ” but a single Hero Point from your friends is worth more than a single Hero Point from yourself . It 's important to remember that you can only receive a single Hero Point from another Hero to help you in a Risk . You can use as many of your own as you want .
There are some other factors at play , however . The person giving you the Hero Point does need to play into the Risk in some way , even if it is only emotional or inspirational . They also have to have a Hero Point to give you , or one that they are willing to give ; you can only receive Hero Points from other players to get bonus dice , not to activate effects . So if I really need to use my Second Story Work here in a second , I ca n't afford to give you my Hero Point so that you can get dice .
Will there be a guide to convert characters from original 7th Sea to the new system ?
Probably . If you want to play an experienced character from 1st Edition to 2nd Edition , use John 's Unofficial Conversion Rules :
Make the character you want to play . If you have any questions , see Rule 1 .
I have a question you have n't answered . Can you answer it ?
Yes ! Send us the question and we 'll do our best to answer it quickly and concisely .
Everybody knows the Assassin 's Creed series ' haystack leaps are ridiculous . But just how ridiculous are they ? The students at University of Leicester 's physics department , obviously with some time on their hands , decided to find out .
Unlikely .
Throughout the games , players are able to jump from enormous height into improbably small patches of straw found on the ground or in the backs of carts .
Characters will always survive the fall unharmed , whatever the height - an unlikely outcome in real life .
Four students set out to determine the heights and haystack sizes necessary for a more realistic survival rate in a peer-reviewed paper , Falling into Straw ( the university previously examined the physics behind Nintendo 's space-based platformer Super Mario Galaxy in a similar paper ) .
`` While loose straw does undoubtedly provide cushioning from falls , the amount of straw used to cushion a character 's fall is always the same , no matter the height of the jump , '' the paper explains .
`` Common sense dictates that the amount of cushioning , in this case , the height of a pile of straw , should be related to the height of the fall being cushioned . This is due to the increased kinetic energy of the jumper , which needs to be dispersed slowly . ''
Straw piles would need to at least slow the human body to its maximum deceleration rate - 100g , or 100 times acceleration due to gravity - although even this would still cause `` serious injury '' .
Better yet would be a haystack big enough to slow the human body to `` a more comfortable impact deceleration '' , 25g .
Unsurprisingly , the paper found that the game series ' straw piles ( 1.5m in height ) were often too small .
`` Even using the most optimistic survivable impact accelerations , incurring severe injuries in the process , the leap off the cathedral in Acre [ the tallest jump in AC1 ] requires a greater amount of cushioning than is depicted , '' the paper stated .
To survive a leap into a 1.5m haystack you should fall no further than 12-13m , the students concluded . Just do n't try this at home .
Washington ( CNN ) Donning gray pants , an untucked white button-down shirt and long gray beard , Ahmed Abu Khatallah silently took notes and sipped water inside a packed Washington courtroom on Monday as prosecutors outlined a case that will attempt to paint him as the ringleader of the 2012 terrorist attack on the US mission in Benghazi , Libya that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans .
Abu Khatallah `` did n't light the fires or fire the mortars , but is just as guilty '' for planning the attack , setting it in motion and getting others `` to do his dirty work , '' federal prosecutor John Crabb told jurors in his opening statement .
But the defense ardently refuted Crabb 's claims that Abu Khatallah `` hates Americans with a vengeance '' and facilitated the attack that killed four Americans during its opening remarks on the first day of trial .
The evidence will show Abu Khatallah -- the only Benghazi suspect currently in US custody -- is not guilty and that he `` was just someone who could be blamed , '' said defense attorney Jeffrey Robinson .
Abu Khatallah faces 18 charges related to the deadly violence that began on September 11 , 2012 , including the murder of an internationally protected person , providing material support to terrorists and destroying US property while causing death .
During the attack , assailants armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades first blasted through the main diplomatic mission before setting it ablaze , according to 2014 court papers .
Stevens and State Department information officer Sean Smith died there . A coordinated mortar assault on a nearby annex killed security officers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , both CIA contractors and former US Navy SEALs .
`` Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens choked to death by thick black smoke . Sean Smith choked to death by thick black smoke . Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were 'blown apart by mortar fire , ' `` Crabb said while vividly describing the attack that took place more than five years ago .
`` I knew we were under attack ''
Special agent Scott Wickland , a regional officer with diplomatic security who was living at the mission , recalled the events of September 11 , 2012 as the first witness to testify in the trial .
Wickland was visibly emotional as he described Stevens as `` very personable '' with a warm manner was `` not normal '' for an ambassador .
Around 9:45 p.m. on September 11 , Wickland said he heard chanting down the street from the mission and then calls of `` Allah Akbar . ''
As guards scrambled to put on their protective gear and get their guns , Wickland said went to notify Stevens -- who had already gone to bed -- of a possibly escalating security situation .
Wickland then said he directed Stevens and Its official Sean Smith to a safe room in one of the compound 's villas .
There was gunfire , explosions and `` bloodcurdling screams '' on the radio , according to Wickland , who told the jury , `` I knew we were under attack . ''
The doors of the villa were then blown open and attackers entered the compound armed with AK-47s and other assault rifles , he said .
When the attackers could not blast open the gates of the safe room , they set the villa on fire , Wickland said .
With smoke filling the safe room , Wickland told the jury that he tried to lead Stevens and Smith to the bathroom so they could get some air but quickly realized they were not behind him .
He tried to feel around and yell for them but he could n't find them -- searching until he was out of air and almost collapsed .
As Wickland went outside to escape the smoke he said he was fired upon by grenades .
He repeatedly entered the compound to search for Stevens and Smith until he was out of breath only to be met with a barrage of grenade fire each time he exited the compound .
Unable to locate Stevens and Smith , Wickland told the jury that he said to himself `` I 'm going to search for them until I 'm going to die . ''
Wickland then said he waited for a lull in the gunfire and climbed a ladder to the roof where he stayed alone for a very long time and continued to take fire -- unable to make contact with anyone on the radio .
Just when he thought everyone was dead , one of the special afents , David Ubben , called Wickland on the radio and said `` are you alive ?
`` I do n't know how many times I thought I was going to die , but this was a piece of hope that I was going to survive , '' Wickland told the jury .
Court adjourned for the day as Wickland was still on the stand and the prosecution is expected to resume his testimony on Tuesday .
Violent extremist or Libyan patriot ?
Abu Khatallah emerged from years in prison under the regime of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to form an Islamist militia and later became associated with Ansar al-Sharia , a group US officials blamed for the 2012 attack .
Believed to be in his 40s , Abu Khatallah became the face of the militant attack and a top target for the US after he cultivated a celebrity profile in its wake , meeting with journalists and granting interviews .
On Monday , prosecutors highlighted evidence they said will show Abu Khatallah not only orchestrated efforts to gather weapons ahead of the attack but will also show he rushed the gates of the mission armed with an AK-47 rifle and fuel canisters which were used to set the building on fire .
The prosecution ended its opening statements by reiterating that Abu Khatallah was motivated by his hate for Americans and concerns that the US mission in Libya served as a `` spy nest '' -- a point that echoed claims made in pre-trial documents .
`` The defendant 's participation in the attack was motivated by his extremist ideology , '' prosecutors said in the documents , which also alleged that Abu Khatallah `` voiced concern and opposition to the presence of an American facility in Benghazi '' days prior to the attack .
However , the defense argued that Abu Khatallah was not a radical terrorist but rather a `` Libyan patriot '' who fought to free the country from Gadhafi .
According to Robinson , Khatallah was at a friend 's house when he heard about the attack and `` went to see what was going on . ''
He did not attempt to block people from going to the attack site but was only acting to try and protect those present from gunfire , Robinson said , adding that Abu Khatallah never went to the CIA annex and was at home when the mortars hit .
The defense also discussed Abu Khatallah 's 12 days in isolation after he was captured during a secret raid in June 2014 .
While he was interrogated aboard a Navy ship during transport from Libya to the US , the defense said Abu Khatallah made certain statements and blamed bad translation for his answers .
They also emphasized that he cooperated with interrogators without an attorney present .
Ever wondered whatever happened to Robert Baratheon 's bastard son Gendry in “ Game of Thrones ” ? Remember that warm , fuzzy feeling you got whenever he and Arya Stark had moments together ? Did you miss seeing his , um , assets when he 's shirtless and blacksmithing ?
“ When you play the game of thrones , you win or you die , ” goes that famous Westerosi quote . You might say Gendry unwittingly got mixed up in the game , but he 's one of the few who did n't get literally axed from the storyline . We last saw him in Season 3 but his exit was without a violent death , as is often the case when GoT characters are dispensed with .
ADVERTISEMENT
Of course we 'll never know whether network producer HBO or George R.R . Martin , author of “ A Song of Ice and Fire ” novels from which the acclaimed TV series is based , would bring Gendry back—until they actually do so .
For now , let 's put the spotlight on the real Gendry , British celebrity and 2016 AsiaPop Comicon headliner Joe Dempsie , who met members of the media early last night at the SMX Convention Center in Pasay City .
In honor of GoT 's six seasons of awesomeness , as well as to get fans more excited about meeting the “ Thrones ” actor today at 11:30 a.m. , here 's Inquirer Super 's Top 6 favorite things about Joe Dempsie .
1 . He 's gotten a little older but seems to have maintained his Gendry physique . Look at those arms—need we say more ?
2 . He and close friend Nicholas Hoult starred in the British hit TV series “ Skins , ” a comedy-drama that explored the lives of teens and some very controversial issues like substance and alcohol abuse , sexuality and gender , bullying , mental disorders , and dysfunctional relationships .
3 . Which leads us to our third favorite thing about Joe : He toured Intramuros with his buddy Nick . They rode a kalesa , visited the Manila Cathedral , walked along Luneta Park and stopped by Jose Rizal 's monument .
“ It 's nice to get a feel for the Philippines ' culture and history , and what makes Manila the city that it is and the people that they are , ” said Dempsie .
4 . If Gendry were to return to GoT , Dempsie would like the lad to save the life of another character . So , which one ?
“ Saving Jon Snow and his beautiful hair from imminent death , that 'll be a nice way to go back , ” Dempsie said in jest .
ADVERTISEMENT
He would really like to work with Kit Harrington , who plays the former Lord Commander of the Night 's Watch . “ He 's a good friend of mine but our paths have never crossed on ‘ Game of Thrones ' before . ”
5 . Dempsie is a huge fan of director Sean Durkin , who won the Prix Regards Jeunes at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival for his film “ Martha , Marcy , Mae , Marlene . ”
They worked together on the crime drama mini series “ Southcliffe , ” which Dempsie said was an opportunity that he “ grabbed with both hands . ”
“ I would work with him for the rest of my career if he wants me to . ”
6 . Asked which of his GoT friends—Harrington , Richard Madden , Alfie Allen , Oona Chaplin , Gwendoline Christie ( they all belong in the same age group ) —he misses the most , Dempsie replied , “ I miss them all , but I love Gwendoline . ”
All hail the Lady Brienne of Tarth ! We love Gwendoline Christie , too./rga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Follow @ Inq_Lifestyle on Twitter
Extensive damage has been caused to a toilet block at Celtic Park after the first Old Firm league derby in Glasgow in four years .
Police Scotland said it was aware of the damage in the away team section of the ground but the club was dealing with it as an internal matter .
Celtic beat Rangers 5-1 after Moussa Dembele scored a hat-trick .
One man was arrested for an alcohol-related offence but police said the majority of fans behaved well .
Pictures of the vandalism showed doors pulled off hinges and ceiling tiles torn down .
There were reports of some disorder in the east end of the city after the game .
Ch Supt Brian McInulty said : `` The vast majority of supporters who attended the match behaved in a responsible manner and enjoyed the event .
`` A small number of supporters from both sides , who were clearly intent on causing disorder were intercepted by officers in the Gallowgate area , and those officers ensured that no disorder took place .
`` There have been no reports of assaults and the situation is under control . ''
Lupe Fiasco has recently been doing press rounds to promote his upcoming album , Tetsuo & Youth .
In a recent interview with Los Angeles radio station Power 106 , the Chicago native talked about a song he has with singer Chris Brown entitled “ Crack . ”
“ The song with Chris Brown called , ‘ Crack ' [ is ] about smoking crack , ” Lupe Fiasco said during an interview . “ That 's what the song is about . People are like , ‘ How could you make a song about smoking crack ? ' I 'm like , ‘ Well , why not ? ' People smoke crack . It 's a problem . It 's not a problem . Some people love it . Some people hate it . I 'm just going to present it to you in a format where , hey this song is about smoking crack . How you deal with it is how you deal with it . Does it make you go fight a anti-drug campaign ? Does it make you want to smoke crack ? Does it build you up as a crack dealer ? Does it tear you down as a crack dealer ? I do n't know . I do n't really care . But I 'm going to make a song about smoking crack called , ‘ Crack . ' ”
Lupe Fiasco Describes Concept Behind “ # 1234 ” Video
During the interview , Fiasco also spoke about the music video for “ # 1234 . ”
“ I just want them to be these one shots or these shots of imagery and put this imagery together to tell a story , ” Fiasco said of the clip . “ I want to take that video and then show it to a little kid , then I want to take a video of that kid watching the video and then show that to some adults and really that was the video . ”
“ # 1234 ” can be viewed below .
Lupe Fiasco Clarifies “ Ratchetness ” Of Tetsuo & Youth
During the interview , Lupe Fiasco also clarified the difference between what he considers ratchet and what he believes the masses define it as .
“ It 's Lupe 's ratchet , ” Fiasco said . “ You can either take something and fall into what everyone else is saying or you can take something and build upon it and make a new thing out of it . ”
He also detailed the “ ratchetness ” of his album earlier this week in an interview with Houston 's 97.9 The Box .
Watch Lupe Fiasco 's full interview with Power 106 below :
RELATED : Lupe Fiasco Details Contemplating Suicide & “ Ratchetness ” Of “ Tetsuo & Youth ”
Pattern Search
What is Wooly ?
Wooly : A Ravelry Companion App is an iOS app that brings Ravelry , a fiber community of over 3 Million , directly to your iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch wrapped in a beautiful and simple-to-use touch based interface . Since its launch over a year ago , Wooly remains the first and only iOS app that provides on-the-go access to the fabulous features and content you 're used to seeing in your Ravelry account . In June 2012 , we were proud that Wooly made the Top Ten paid iPhone apps in the Apple App Store lifestyle category .
Dashboard
About the Developers
Wooly has been designed and built by a couple of knitters with lots of love for all you fiber fans out there . We 're David ( Dstys ) and John Stys ( MenKnitToo ) , two brothers whose mother , Sharon , introduced them to the fiber world at an early age . We 're real knitters , fiber enthusiasts , and app developers . If you do n't believe us , check out our work on Ravelry .
When we started knitting full-time a few years ago we became instantly addicted to Ravelry and developed a passion to create a superb mobile app experience to support Ravelry 's wonderful community of users .
History of Wooly
We released the first version of Wooly in April 2012 . At that time the feature list was limited to most of the features found in the Ravelry `` Notebook . '' These included viewing Projects , Queued items , Stashed items , as well as a list of a user 's Friends , friends ' projects and project details . Over time we developed some basic ability to edit the information described above . We were also the first iOS app that allowed users to add photos to a project and stash directly from the iPhone in concert with a built-in photo editor . This feature alone has accounted for thousands of users using their Ravelry accounts more fully .
Our biggest critique from users has always been their desire to see us develop a more `` fully featured '' app that works with Ravelry . While Ravelry 's API is pretty spectacular and constantly growing , some of the features users have asked for were simply unavailable to us ... until now !
New Wooly !
As we speak we 're building the next version of Wooly . We call it Wooly 2.0 . New in this version , Wooly will be native to all of Apple 's iDevices . This means you know longer have to use the `` 2x '' feature to expand the iPhone native interface when using Wooly on your iPad . Just to be clear , Wooly will now look and feel absolutely spectacular on the iPad , iPad Mini , iPhone , and iPod Touch .
Here 's a partial list of new features in Wooly 2.0
Pattern Search !
Offline access - your notebook content stored on your device
Filter and sort results
Add to queue
Cast on/create a project from a pattern
Sharing
Projects ( list , create , edit , add photos , share )
Queue ( add to queue , re-order , edit , share )
Stash ( view list , details , edit , add , yards remaining , share )
Needles ( view inventory chart , add/edit/delete needles , share )
Friends ( view friends and their projects
Messages ( Ravelry inbox , read and compose )
These new features and design elements will only be completed and available to you if we reach our goal . So we hope you 'll continue to be generous to us so we can finish a product that so many of your have wanted for so long !
Stretch Goal - Android !
Our primary Kickstarter goal is to raise enough funds to help us complete building the newly redesigned and feature rich Wooly 2.0 . However , we 've received so much interest from the Android community that we 're just about ready to start developing a Wooly app for them as well . So , we 've split our planned development into two phases :
Phase I - Complete the Wooly 2.0 universal app . That means it will work native on all the iOS devices . We will make a beautiful experience for these devices and take advantage of all the most sought after features in Ravelry 's API .
Phase II - Develop Wooly for Android devices . We 've received overwhelming requests from those of you in the Android community to create a fully featured app for them as well . Android development will be our Stretch Goal .
Our Final Pitch ...
We started this project simply out of passion for the Ravelry community and our passion for well built mobile apps . We 've also learned so much from all of you who knit , crochet , dye , and spin fiber out there that we want to give something back to the fiber community at large !
Please consider supporting us !
On July 3 , American Tariq Abu Khdeir , 15 , was brutally beaten and arrested by Israeli police during a protest in occupied East Jerusalem .
Well it turns out he was not the only American arrested that day in occupied Shuafat . At the State Department briefing yesterday , State 's Jen Psaki says our government is “ gravely concerned ” about Mohamed Abu Nie 's detention for 26 days . The boy is an alleged rock-thrower and leader of protests , his family has been prevented from visiting him more than once , and there are reports “ out there that he 's been beaten . ”
The questioner is Matt Lee of the Associated Press , who says he first raised the issue two weeks ago .
QUESTION : Yes . One , I asked on Friday about this 15-year-old Palestinian-American kid who 's been held . Do you have any update on him ?
Jen PSAKI : I do . Let me just find that in here , Matt . We can confirm that Mohamed Abu Nie , a U.S. citizen , was arrested on July 3rd during protests in the Shuafat neighborhood in East Jerusalem . The U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv is providing consular assistance . A consular official assisted him on July 17th – visited him , I should say – and attended his hearing on July 22nd . The Embassy 's also in contact with his family and his lawyer . Considering his age , we are calling for a speedy resolution to this case . He is now – this 15-year-old has now been held for three weeks in Israeli custody and has seen his parents only once briefly during that night , and so we are certainly gravely concerned about the detention of an American citizen child .
QUESTION : Seen only once by that – the night that he was arrested , is that what you 're saying ?
MS. PSAKI : I would have to check on exactly when his parents saw him , Matt .
QUESTION : Okay . Have you – you 've made this – you made your concerns known to the Israelis on this , yes ?
MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm .
QUESTION : Have you gotten a response from them ? Is there any sign that they are going to act speedily to – I mean , he 's been in custody for – since July 2nd . That 's 20 – how many days is that ?
QUESTION : Twenty-six .
QUESTION : Twenty —
QUESTION : July 27th ?
QUESTION : Twenty-six days .
QUESTION : Yeah , 26 days .
QUESTION : I mean , is it appropriate for – I mean , well , one , are you aware that this kid did anything wrong ?
MS. PSAKI : I just do n't have any more details other than to say he – we did not – just in terms of why we just saw him recently , he did n't immediately inform Israeli authorities that he was a U.S. citizen . So obviously , as soon as we learned that , we contacted Israeli authorities to schedule a consular visit .
QUESTION : Are you – have the Israelis done anything wrong , as far as you know , in terms of this case ? Are you – I noticed that you 're not calling for him to be released immediately . You 're calling for a quick , speedy resolution to the case , suggesting that you 're not sure that the Israelis have acted inappropriately .
MS. PSAKI : Well , our role is to ensure he 's being afforded due process under local laws and international standards , and obviously we 're providing all consular access and we 'll continue to be engaged .
QUESTION : Are you able to give us details of charges he 's facing and what conditions he 's being held in ? Is he in an adult prison or is he in a juvenile section ?
MS. PSAKI : Well , we understand he faces charges of rock-throwing , attacking police , carrying a knife , and leading protests . We —
QUESTION : Leading —
MS. PSAKI : And leading protests , yes . We are concerned about allegations that he 's been mistreated while in custody . We obviously take all such allegations seriously , raise them with authorities as appropriate .
QUESTION : Well —
QUESTION : But do you know whether he 's being – sorry , Matt . Do you know whether he 's being held in adult jail or a juvenile section ?
MS. PSAKI : I do n't have that level of detail . We can certainly check for you , Jo .
QUESTION : So when I asked if you would – were worried that – if you were – there were concerns that the Israelis had acted in appropriately , that sounds like there is concern , because you say that —
MS. PSAKI : Well , we 're concerned about allegations that he 's been mistreated .
QUESTION : What are the allegations ?
MS. PSAKI : Hmm ?
QUESTION : What are those allegations ?
MS. PSAKI : That he 's been mistreated . I think there are allegations out there that he 's been beaten , but we do n't have – I do n't have any more details other than the allegations that have been out there .
People who fear relationship conflicts are just as happy when they are single or in a relationship , according to new research published by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology .
`` It 's a well-documented finding that single people tend to be less happy compared to those in a relationship , but that may not be true for everyone . Single people also can have satisfying lives , '' said lead researcher Yuthika Girme , a psychology doctoral candidate at the University of Auckland in New Zealand .
In a survey of more than 4,000 New Zealand residents , a nationally representative sample , people with high `` avoidance social goals '' -- who try at all costs to avoid relationship disagreements and conflict -- were just as happy being single as other people were in relationships . Being single may remove some of the anxiety triggered by relationship conflicts for those individuals , the study noted . Some previous research has shown that being single usually is associated with slightly lower life satisfaction and poorer physical and psychological health .
Conversely , the study found that participants with low avoidance goals who are n't concerned about the ups and downs of a relationship were less happy when they were single . The study participants ranged in age from 18 to 94 years old with long-term relationships lasting almost 22 years on average . One-fifth of the participants were single at the time of the study . The research was published online in Social Psychological and Personality Science .
Trying too hard to avoid relationship conflicts actually may create more problems , Girme said . While high avoidance goals may help people be happier when they are single , it can have negative effects in a relationship , contributing to anxiety , loneliness , lower life satisfaction , and an unhealthy focus on negative memories , according to prior research .
With a high divorce rate , solo parenting , and many people delaying marriage to pursue career goals , the number of single people is on the rise . Single people now outnumber married adults in the United States , with more than 128 million singles representing 51 percent of the adult population .
The study also analyzed the effects of `` approach social goals , '' where people seek to maintain relationships by enhancing intimacy and fostering growth together as partners . Study participants with high approach goals were generally more satisfied with their lives -- but also experienced the most happiness when they were in a relationship compared to those who were single . The researchers found similar results in a separate survey of 187 University of Auckland students .
`` Having greater approach goals tends to have the best outcomes for people when they are in a relationship , but they also experience the most hurt and pain when they are single , '' Girme said .
The on-the-court chemistry between Kevin Garnett and Shaquille O'Neal was evident the first time they took the floor together back in the preseason . It was n't long before we saw that chemistry extend to the bench as well , where they were often seen laughing and joking with one another . It 's cool when you think about the parallels between their historic careers with different teams - NBA champions , All-Stars , former MVPs , future Hall of Famers - and how they 're now thriving alongside one another on the same team .
The days of individual awards and accolades might very well be behind them . Neither will earn heavy consideration for MVP this season ( Garnett might earn some ) and , even though they are both on the ballot , All-Star selections will not be guaranteed . The arrival of Amare Stoudemire in the East hurts Garnett 's chances ( but if he keeps playing the way he 's been playing , he 'll certainly deserve the spot ) , and Brook Lopez 's continued emergence in New Jersey hinders Shaq 's .
But the days of competing for championships ? Those are still very much upon this palpable pair , and they are undoubtedly enjoying the company of one another as they continue to cement their legacies in the NBA history books .
From Kevin Garnett : Shaq Heaven-scent by Mark Murphy of The Boston Herald :
`` Shaq is like paradise , man , '' he said . `` You ever wash your sheets and then go outside and hang them out , and the sun dries them ? You ever smell the sheets ? `` That 's what Shaq is , Shaq is like , '' Garnett said before breathing in deeply , like he was inhaling fresh air . `` I do n't want to give any products any tags right now , but you know what I 'm saying . For anybody who 's ever hung out clothes , they know what I mean . ''
KG 's really good with words , is n't he ? I suggest you check out the rest of the story and get Shaq 's take on KG . It 's been awesome watching these guys play together this season . I think I 'm almost having as much fun as they are .
Image caption The miners are being supplied with glucose and rehydration tablets
The 33 Chilean miners trapped deep underground have been told they may not be rescued for several months , the country 's health minister has said .
Jaime Manalich said the miners , trapped 700m below ground since 5 August , had reacted calmly , AFP news agency said .
Officials had delayed breaking the news out of concern for their mental well-being .
A special exercise and recreation programme is being set up to keep the men fit during their long wait .
They will also need to be in shape to be pulled up the 66cm ( 26 inches ) wide shaft that is being bored to rescue them .
That may take up to four months to complete .
`` We were able to tell them ... they would not be rescued before the Fiestas Patrias [ Chile 's Independence Day on 18 September ] , and that we hoped to get them out before Christmas , '' AFP quoted Mr Manalich as saying .
Although they took the news calmly , he said , `` a period of depression , anguish and severe malaise '' was possible .
The miners had earlier urged every effort be made to free them by Independence Day .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Gideon Long says parts for a massive drill are arriving on site
The leader of the crew of trapped miners pleaded with Chile 's President Sebastian Pinera to get them `` out of this hell '' .
The president assured them they had not been abandoned . He told reporters the men would be out by Christmas .
The miners were trapped when the main access tunnel collapsed at the San Jose mine in Copiapo , about 725km ( 450 miles ) north of the capital , Santiago .
They are located 7km ( 4.5 miles ) into the winding copper and gold mine , where they are sheltering in a 50 sq m side-chamber off one of the main passages .
Days of growing despair turned to jubilation on Sunday when rescuers made contact with the miners via a probe lowered into the mine .
Anti-depressants
The health minister said the surface team wanted the trapped miners to set up routines , entertain themselves and attempt to simulate day and night .
`` The space they 're in actually has about two kilometres [ 1.24 miles ] of galleries to walk around in , '' said Dr Jaime Manalich .
`` We 're hoping to define a secure area where they can establish various places - one for resting and sleeping , one for diversion , one for food , another for work . ''
The US space agency Nasa has been called upon for its expertise keeping astronauts alive and well on long missions in confined spaces .
The miners , who spent 17 days surviving on emergency supplies designed for a couple of days , have been receiving glucose and rehydration tablets lowered down a narrow shaft .
Other supplies included small lights , eye patches and medicine . Anti-depressants would be included with the supplies , the health minister said .
An intercom cable has been dropped to them for communications .
“ You are basically abdicating the most important right that any citizen has , that people fought and died for to extend , '' Hillary Clinton says . | Getty Clinton makes a pitch to voters who do n't like her
Whether you like her enough to vote for her or not , the next president will make decisions that affect you , Hillary Clinton said Friday .
In a 30-minute interview with R & B singer Mary J. Blige on Apple Music 's “ The 411 with Mary J. Blige , ” the former secretary of state acknowledged that she 's aware of the bloc of voters who dislike her and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , but stressed that abstaining in this election would relinquish a critical right they have and leave the door open for people who disagree with their views to decide the outcome of this election .
Story Continued Below
“ I 'm sorry you feel that way , and I do n't pretend to understand all the reasons , but let me tell you what you are sacrificing by failing to vote , ” Clinton said . “ You are basically abdicating the most important right that any citizen has , that people fought and died for to extend . ”
Clinton talked about the progression of voting rights in America , which began with property-owning white men before black men were granted suffrage and eventually women , too , and said she hopes people find a reason to vote .
“ Obviously , I 'd love it if you voted for me , but I also would really like you to vote because if you do n't vote , you leave the field to people who do n't agree with you on anything , somebody who actually takes the time and trouble to vote , ” she said . “ Decisions are going to be made whether you like them or not , so at least make sure that your voice is being heard and your vote is being counted . ”
PORTLAND , Ore. ( Reuters ) - Radiation from Japan 's 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster has for the first time been detected along a North American shoreline , though at levels too low to pose a significant threat to human or marine life , scientists said on Monday .
Trace amounts of Cesium-134 and Cesium-137 were detected in samples collected ON Feb. 19 off the coast of Ucluelet , a small town on Vancouver Island in Canada 's British Columbia , said Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution scientist Ken Buesseler .
“ Radioactivity can be dangerous , and we should be carefully monitoring the oceans after what is certainly the largest accidental release of radioactive contaminants to the oceans in history , ” Buesseler said in a statement .
The levels the group detected are extremely low . For example , swimming in the Vancouver Island water every day for a year would provide a dose of radiation less than a thousand times smaller than a single dental X-ray , Woods Hole said .
In March 2011 , an earthquake and tsunami struck the Fukushima nuclear plant , 130 miles ( 209 km ) northeast of Tokyo , sparking triple nuclear meltdowns , forcing more than 160,000 residents to flee from nearby towns , and contaminating water , food and air . It was the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 .
Buesseler said he expects similar low cesium levels to gradually reach other North American shores , possibly extending along the U.S. West Coast from Washington state to California .
“ Predicting the spread of radiation becomes more complex the closer it gets to the coast , ” Buesseler said .
The Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution said its conclusions were drawn from research it collected from community groups and a network of local academics and aquariums to collect water samples and fund radiation testing .
Last November , Woods Hole reported detectable radiation from Fukushima about 100 miles ( 161 km ) off the coast of northern California , but no radiation has yet been detected any closer to U.S. shores .
Tests off the coast of Japan shortly after the 2011 disaster measured radiation at 50 million Becquerels per cubic meter , Buesseler told Reuters . A “ Becquerel ” is a unit of radioactivity .
The Canadian water sample contained 1.4 Becquerels per cubic meter of Cesium-134 and 5.8 Becquerels per cubic meter of Cesium-137 .
and , most damningly , its use of its Greyball software to block regulatory bodies from the app and its data from officials undertaking regulatory and enforcement duties
Uber has not yet issued a statement on the matter .
TfL has today informed Uber that it will not be issued with a private hire operator licence . pic.twitter.com/nlYD0ny2qo
Here is what London mayor Sadiq Khan had to say about the decision :
I want London to be at the forefront of innovation and new technology and to be a natural home for exciting new companies that help Londoners by providing a better and more affordable service .
However , all companies in London must play by the rules and adhere to the high standards we expect–particularly when it comes to the safety of customers . Providing an innovative service must not be at the expense of customer safety and security .
I fully support TfL 's decision–it would be wrong if TfL continued to license Uber if there is any way that this could pose a threat to Londoners ' safety and security .
Any operator of private hire services in London needs to play by the rules .
Of the many princesses available as a bride for Richard the Lionheart , King of England , Berengaria of Navarre was chosen to be his queen . There were two reasons for this choice . The first was for the usual dynastic purpose of having an heir . The second rationale was for strategic and political reasons relating to Richard 's desire to go on Crusade to the Holy Land .
Berengaria was born c. 1170 . Her parents were King Sancho VI the Wise of Navarre and Queen Sancha-Beata of Castile . We do n't know anything about Berengaria 's education but the court of Navarre had assimilated some of the troubadour and courtly love culture from southern France . The chroniclers did describe Berengaria as “ wise ” and she had an unsullied reputation . Richard may have seen Berengaria when she was a young girl on a visit to Pamplona in 1177 .
Richard was engaged to Alys , the sister of King Philip II of France for many years but the marriage was never celebrated . Alys had come to the English court of Richard 's father King Henry II when she was a young girl and she may have been seduced by King Henry and had his child . Richard needed King Philip 's participation in the Crusade and so delayed his marriage to Alys as long as he could . In the meantime he pursued an alliance with Navarre . While he was on Crusade , he needed someone to guard his holdings in southern France and King Sancho was in a position to defend Richard 's interests .
In 1185 , Berengaria was given the fief of Monreal near Tudela . Her sister 's did n't receive any such gift so King Sancho may have been enhancing Berengaria 's status prior to a betrothal to Richard . Sancho would have considered Richard to be a splendid match for his daughter . While Richard was on progress through his holdings in the south of France in 1190 , he may have come to an understanding with King Sancho about the marriage . In the same year , Richard sent his formidable mother Eleanor of Aquitaine to retrieve Berengaria . Eleanor met Sancho and Berengaria in Pamplona . Although they were still trying to keep King Philip in the dark about the engagement , Sancho celebrated the meeting with a large banquet at the Palace of Olite .
Berengaria and Eleanor left Navarre together , crossing the Alps in to Lombardy . They moved down to Pisa to await word from Richard . There was no ship to carry them so Richard had them continue to Naples where they finally embarked in February , 1191 accompanied by Count Philip of Flanders who was planning to join the Crusade . While the women travelled to meet him , Richard took Messina in Sicily . Philip knew Berengaria was on her way and was pressuring Richard to marry his sister Alys . In March , Richard finally told Philip he would not marry Alys as she had been his father 's mistress . Philip was angry but he needed to avoid embarrassment and was forced to agree that Richard could marry whoever he wanted .
Berengaria arrived with little fanfare . It was Lent and the marriage could n't be celebrated so Richard sent Berengaria and his sister Joanna on a ship to the Holy Land . The women supposedly became separated from the fleet in a storm and came upon the coast of Cyprus where their ship might have been wrecked . Richard 's plans included taking Cyprus to utilize it for holding supplies for the Crusade . He used the excuse of the missing ship to attack and take the island .
Richard and Berengaria were married in Limasol at the chapel of Saint George on May 12 . The ceremony was performed by Richard 's chaplain Nicholas who later became the Bishop of Le Mans . Berengaria was then crowned queen by John , Bishop of Evreux . Richard settled on Berengaria all his Gascon properties beyond the Garonne River as her dower . They had three weeks together and then sailed on June 5 , arriving at Acre on June 8 .
While Richard was fighting , Berengaria and Joanna were no better than captives , moving between Acre , Jaffa and Ramleh . The areas where they stayed were dangerous so they probably could n't do much travel or sightseeing . Their activities were most likely limited to reading , prayer , embroidery , weaving , and games . In 1192 , Richard and his opponent Saladin finally came to an agreement to end the Crusade .
Berengaria and Richard parted at Acre . Berengaria and Joanna left for Europe on September 29 . They went to Brindisi and then on to Rome where Berengaria stayed for six months . In December , as Richard made his way across Austria , he was captured by Leopold of Austria who turned him over to the German Emperor , Henry VI . He was held in captivity and a ransom was set for 100,000 marks in February of 1193 .
Berengaria left Rome in June and travelled to Pisa , Genoa and Marseilles . She may have helped to raise some of Richard 's ransom but most of the fundraising was done by Eleanor . Eleanor was frantically working to stop her son John from taking Richard 's throne while she required everyone in England to contribute to Richard 's ransom . Eleanor left for Germany in December 1193 to pay the ransom and Richard returned to England , landing at Sandwich on March 12 , 1194 . He dealt with John before he was crowned again at Winchester on April 17 , in the presence of his mother rather than his wife .
Richard had n't seen Berengaria for two years . He was being pressured by several sources to reunite with his wife and he eventually did , most likely joining her in Loches in what is now central France in 1194 . Berengaria had organized a small household in Poitou and had travelled between the castles of Beaufort-en-Vallée , Chinon and Saumur before the reunion at Loches . In 1195 , she and Richard began construction of a small house on land they had purchased at Thorée but there is no evidence they ever lived there .
Despite this reunion , Richard was now spending a lot of time working on his cherished project of building his castle at Gaillard . He also was fighting incursions by King Philip II of France into Normandy . There is some evidence Richard might have considered repudiating Berengaria during this time , most likely due to her inability to have a child . But Berengaria 's brother , now King Sancho VII was a staunch ally of Richard and the marriage remained intact .
In March of 1199 , Richard began a siege of the castle of Chalus-Chabrol in his ongoing struggles with Philip . It was on an evening stroll outside his camp , without his usual armor , that he was struck by an arrow in the arm . His health had not been robust since the Crusade and even though the arrow was extracted , infection quickly set in . Before he died , he sent for Eleanor who arrived at his bedside to witness his death on April 6 . Berengaria was not summoned and was told of her husband 's death by Bishop Hugh of Lincoln at Beaufort-en-Valée . Berengaria was in deep sorrow and heartbroken .
Richard was buried at the family mausoleum at Fontevrault in Eleanor 's presence . For unknown reasons , Berengaria did not attend the funeral . She did visit Fontevrault shortly after the funeral and had a brief meeting with Eleanor . She also discussed the marriage of her sister Blanca to Thibaut of Champagne with the papal envoy Cardinal Pietro di Capua . She attended the wedding at Chartres in July .
When Thibaut died in 1201 , Blanca provided a home for Berengaria for a few years . Berengaria was having a hard time getting money due to her from King John and Eleanor . Berengaria had to send envoys to John in England to press for the money . John promised to pay but never delivered . The Pope even complained on Berengaria 's behalf to no avail . John 's son Henry III made similar promises to pay but negotiations were still pending as late as 1226 . Richard had managed to cheat her out of getting her dower properties from their marriage and she was forced to rely on the French for her living . She became known as the Lady of Le Mans .
Berengaria lived mostly in the palace of the counts of Maine with her household . She took an interest in the local church of St. Pierre . She involved herself in a feud between St. Pierre and the rival cathedral chapter of St. Julien and St. Pierre came under interdict . The Pope protected Berengaria during this feud but she did leave Le Mans and lived at Thorée until the interdict was lifted in 1216 and she was able to return . She devoted her life to charitable works and caring for the poor .
Berengaria never set foot in England during her husband 's lifetime . Richard himself was only in England about six months of his reign . There is some dispute as to whether Berengaria visited England several times during the reign of King John . Safe passages were issued to some of her servants . It is possible she toured England in 1216 and in 1220 where she may have been in the crowd at Canterbury Cathedral that witnessed the translation of Thomas Beckett 's bones to the new Trinity Chapel shrine .
Berengaria 's main project in her last years was to erect a Cistercian house . She managed to purchase some land and was granted more land by King Louis VIII of France . She built the foundation of Nôtre Dame de la Pieté at Epau . In 1230 , the first monks arrived and the abbey was confirmed by the Pope and consecrated by Bishop Geoffrey de Laval in January , 1231 . Unfortunately , Berengaria did not live to see the sanctification as she had died in December of 1230 . She was buried in the abbey at Epau . Her bones were moved at some point but it is believed they were rediscovered in a hidden vault in 1960 . Her remains have been restored in Epau to the chapter house behind her effigy .
Further reading : “ Queens Consort : England 's Medieval Queens from Eleanor of Aquitaine to Elizabeth of York ” by Lisa Hilton , “ Richard & John : Kings at War ” by Frank McLynn , “ Eleanor of Aquitaine ” by Alison Weir
China has recently surpassed the US as the world 's biggest economy , and although China has had problems with its shadow banking system , corruption and more , it has shown to be surprisingly open about cryptocurrencies . This may seem surprising coming from a country that is communist , at least on paper . In order to get better understanding of how the Chinese are reasoning about this topic , here is an interview with Roland Sun ( 孙铭 ) , a leading cryptocurrency lawyer in China , the head legal expert for notable Chinese crypto storage company ZAFED and the Chinese crypto crowdfunding platform DACx .
Please tell me a little about yourself .
I 'm a Chinese lawyer , practicing Chinese laws for more than 12 years . I have extensive hobbies ranging from economics , philosophy , football to PC games . And I 'm also pretty much interested in staying abreast with the frontiers of scientific development .
How did you get into blockchain tech and Bitcoin ?
I learned Bitcoin from some media in the second half of 2012 . As an amateur of Austrian School of economics , I became curious about such a currency with non-elastic supply , as Bitcoin was called “ virtual gold ” by someone due to the limit of its quantity . Since then , I made numerous researches on the internet and read through many introductory and analytical articles about Bitcoin ( including tutorials of Bitcoin wallet installation and even mining ) . It took me weeks to comprehend the underlying Bitcoin protocol and blockchain technology and to tell [ the difference ] from Bitcoin as a kind of currency . Seeing Bitcoin technically secure and economically tenable ( or at least plausible ) , I bought my first bitcoin in late 2012 . The price was just beginning to skyrocket from approximately US $ 10 at that time .
What are you currently working on ?
As a lawyer , I advise startup companies on legal and regulatory issues . Many companies engaging in Bitcoin or blockchain technology-related business often look to have my advice in order to avoid legal trouble .
What is the legal landscape like in China regarding DACs and cryptocurrencies ?
The legal landscape is still vague in China , just like in any other jurisdiction . However , China 's regulatory environment in this area is generally much more relaxed than that of the US . In my view , China is one of the most suitable jurisdictions around the world where entrepreneurs can experiment on many pioneering business models in relation to DACs and cryptocurrencies , while most of them are clearly or implicitly banned in the US . The government in China is generally tolerant , so long as your business is not designed as a fraudulent scheme . Among others , Bitcoin and like cryptocurrencies have been officially recognized as lawful virtual commodities and are therefore OK to trade , which explains why there are so many exchanges in China where spots and even futures and other derivatives are traded . The only restriction imposed here is to block financial institutions and third-party payment processors from aiding cryptocurrency businesses ( yet there are still many loopholes in reality to circumvent or even penetrate that restriction ) . And for cryptocoin crowdfunding or crowd sales , it is even restriction free in China . That means the initiators usually do n't have to worry about facing the charge of “ illegal securities issuance , ” as they are likely to suffer in the US .
What fascinates you in this industry ?
The blockchain technology underlying each cryptocurrency . It creates a real P2P network where everyone can transact with everyone else on an efficient and secure basis . The coming years will definitely witness extensive application of the blockchain technology . It can be applied to , among other things , the financial sectors to dispense with those traditional intermediaries and centers , and accordingly both lower the costs and improve liquidity .
What do you see is the future for blockchain tech and Bitcoin ?
The blockchain tech will be widely used everywhere in [ the ] near [ future ] , since it really adds value to most industries in terms of cost-efficiency and trustworthiness . Old business models will phase out with the introduction of blockchain tech as people will become decreasingly dependent on intermediaries and centers to transact with each other .
Yet Bitcoin will probably have another story . It remains unforeseeable whether Bitcoin will be well-received by the mainstream . Regulatory barriers , price volatility and accessibility are problems that hinder Bitcoin from evolving toward a kind of currency as it aims to be . While Bitcoin claims itself as a virtual gold , gold serves as rather an asset than a currency nowadays . People purchase gold typically for investment rather than use as currency . Bitcoin could share the same fate unless the underlying protocol would be significantly updated to accommodate more commercial applications .
What do you believe will be the price of Bitcoin in five years ?
To fluctuate between US $ 200 and US $ 800 , all depending on whether its commercial applications would mature .
What altcoins are you currently interested or invested in ?
BitShares , Ethereum , Play Shares and Music Shares .
Views : 11,480
Martial arts expert Matthew Polly in front of a statue of Bruce Lee in Tsim Sha Tsui . Polly , who dropped out of Princeton to become a Shaolin apprentice , is writing the late star 's biography . Photo : Edward Wong
Going to Shaolin let Polly pursue spirituality and martial arts . No one talked to him for months , but he says his time there `` eating bitterness '' toughened him up . He later wrote a bestseller about the experience . Photo : AFP
Going to Shaolin let Polly pursue spirituality and martial arts . No one talked to him for months , but he says his time there `` eating bitterness '' toughened him up . He later wrote a bestseller about the experience . Photo : AFP
Going to Shaolin let Polly pursue spirituality and martial arts . No one talked to him for months , but he says his time there `` eating bitterness '' toughened him up . He later wrote a bestseller about the experience . Photo : AFP
Going to Shaolin let Polly pursue spirituality and martial arts . No one talked to him for months , but he says his time there `` eating bitterness '' toughened him up . He later wrote a bestseller about the experience . Photo : AFP
Welcome to Wikipedia , a collaborative project to produce a complete encyclopedia from scratch . We started in January 2001 and already have over 19,000 articles . We want to make over 100,000 , so let 's get to work -- anyone can edit any article -- copyedit , expand an article , write a little , write a lot . See the Wikipedia FAQ for information on how to edit pages and other questions .
The content of Wikipedia is covered by the GNU Free Documentation License , which means that it is free and will remain so forever . See open content and free content for background .
Current Events and Breaking News Encyclopedia articles about topics behind the news . 2001 U.S . Attack on Afghanistan - More current events
Today is Thursday , December 20 , 2001 , servertime ( U.S. Pacific Time )
/Talk
Note : Unless you have the administrator password , you can not currently edit this page . While this is unfortunate , it has turned out to be necessary to prevent vandalism of this page , which has occurred on several occasions .
ALL PART OF THE PLAN… . We talked earlier about the Obama administration 's apparent intention to allow new oil and natural gas drilling along the Atlantic coastline , the eastern Gulf of Mexico , and the north coast of Alaska . Given that this move could be used as a bargaining chip with Republicans during negotiations on energy policy , I questioned what the White House would get in exchange for the president 's concession . If the president has already effectively given Republicans what they wanted on energy , what will he get in return ?
A Hill staffer I know emails with an alternative look at the same dynamic , suggesting President Obama is playing a game we 've seen before . I 'm republishing the staffer 's email with permission .
Obama preempts the other side 's most resonant arguments , which forces them to come up with more and more extreme claims in order to differentiate themselves . In the end , he occupies the reasonable middle ground and his opponents are Palinized . It does n't always work — on the national security/gitmo/Miranda stuff , for example , it turns out the utter extreme positions the right is left with given the centrist ground Obama has staked out turns to be fairly popular . But even there , the Administration has had reasonable success pushing back on the Miranda nonsense and , because they effectively occupy the tough , pragmatic middle ground , they routinely get cover from non-crazy Republican national security voices , which has helped blunt the force of these issues . ( I understand that the term “ middle ground ” is very slippery and dangerous here , but I basically use it to mean policies that , before the great crazy of 2009 had broad consensus support from large portions of both parties and the Broder/Friedman/Brooks axis . ) At the same time , the policy is a tailored , measured version of what the Republicans have urged — so , yes , the headline is , ‘ Obama Allows New Offshore Drilling/Presses For Energy Independence , ' but at the same time , California/Oregon/Washington where opposition is strongest is n't included , and there are environmentally-friendly changes to Alaska leasing policy announced at the same time . And again , as we 've seen before , Republicans are sort of forced to twist and parse , and even to oppose things they have long supported , just because the Administration has n't gone far enough . Finally , by announcing the drilling policy without seeking to extract concessions , the Administration makes clear that it is their policy and they are the centrist/flexible/pragmatic ones — making it harder for Republicans to argue that they accomplished this or that they forced Obama to do it . [ … ] [ O ] f course , if there was any reason to believe that Republicans would engage in normal negotiation/compromise , then I see why holding this back and trading it for support of a broader package would make sense . But does anyone really think there are Republicans to negotiate with on this stuff ? And if Republicans do come to the table , Obama still has plenty of room to give , including by simply agreeing to sign a law that makes proposals like this a matter of statute , not executive discretion .
That 's an interesting take . Something to keep in mind .
And by the way , right on cue , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) denounced the administration 's drilling plan , despite its similarity to GOP demands , with Boehner expressing his outrage that the president did n't go further . What a shock .
New research published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science has found a person 's political orientation is related to their propensity to apologize .
In the study , a survey of 2,130 individuals from Australia , Chile , China , Hong Kong , India , Japan , Peru , Russia , and the United States found that respondents who were more politically conservative also tended to express more reluctance to apologize . Conservative respondents also reported being less influenced by apologies than their more liberal counterparts .
In a follow-up experiment , the researchers had 38 Indian individuals and 27 Americans imagine they had committed a transgression against a neighbor by not watering the neighbor 's plants as frequently as promised . The participants were asked to write down what they would say to the neighbor . The researchers found that more conservative individuals were less apologetic in their open-ended responses .
PsyPost interviewed the study 's corresponding author , Matthew J. Hornsey of the University of Queensland , Brisbane . Read his responses below :
PsyPost : Why were you interested in this topic ?
Hornsey : I 've had a long-held interest in apologies , but more from the receiver 's point of view : when and why do apologies promote forgiveness ? Then I became interested in a question that 's less examined but probably more important : what leads people to apologize in the first place ? And my thinking on that had been influenced by casual observation of politics – it just seemed that people on the left-side of politics would issue public apologies more than conservatives . It became particularly obvious during the last election campaign in the US , when Hillary Clinton apologized for 5 different things in 8 months , at the same time as Trump was boasting that he never apologized . More than that , there was an emerging trend for conservatives to embrace a “ no apologies ” attitude as a source of pride . So my study was designed to test whether this is something that played out in ordinary people 's lives too .
What should the average person take away from your study ?
The headline finding is that conservatives are less likely to apologize than liberals . They 're also less influenced by apologies when deciding whether to forgive someone . This is something that we see all around the world ; not just America .
Are there any major caveats ? What questions still need to be addressed ?
Because there 's a temptation to simplify and magnify differences between liberals and conservatives , we want to put on the record that our findings do not show that conservatives are anti-apology . The majority of our participants showed a willingness to apologize , regardless of political orientation . People like to apologize when they 've done something wrong . But the data showed that this tendency to apologize was less strong for participants who were more politically conservative .
In terms of questions that still need to addressed : I think more work could be done on explaining why conservatives are relatively unwilling to apologize . The mechanism we show in the paper is that conservatives are more hierarchical than liberals ; they 're more likely to think power differences are normal , natural and desirable . There are a number of theories of apology that speak of it as a way of reducing power differences between transgressor and victim , and that provided the theoretical basis to make the case that conservatives ' comfort with dominance is why they 're less likely to apologize . But personally I think there 's more to the story than that . I 'd like to do more research examining whether conservatives attach a different meaning to apologize than liberals : perhaps they ae more likely to see an apology as an act of weakness than liberals . I also wonder if conservatives have a higher threshold for what they see to be offensive ; so the same act might be seen as warranting an apology among liberals but not among conservatives .
The study , “ Conservatives Are More Reluctant to Give and Receive Apologies Than Liberals “ , was also co-authored by Karina Schumann , Paul G. Bain , Sheyla Blumen , Sylvia X. Chen , A´ngel Gomez , Roberto Gonza´lez , Yanjun Guan , Emiko Kashima , Nadezhda Lebedeva , and Michael J . A. Wohl .
`` Is there anything to say ? ''
The crowd went silent . Hundreds of shocked nerds who should be doing something better with their time watch in stunned silence as the bearded man stepped onto the stage . Chillindude826 's lifeless body lay crumpled and battered on the floor . Dr. Leffen cackled maniacally , his voice backed by faint shine sounds as his power intensified . When he realized the ruckus from the crowd stopped , he quieted down as well .
`` Who dares interrupt my moment of glory ? ! '' boomed Dr. Leffen in his thick Swedish accent , kicking aside Chillin 's water jug . The jug missed the tech and spilled on the floor , and scrubs darted to the scene to lick up the puddle . Leffen looked down the stage , at the man who stood before him in a Cloud Nine tank top , wearing the same half-sober smile he usually wore . `` Hmm ... Mang0 . My old rival . '' He pointed to the fallen Chillindude . `` You see what I did to your friend . Do n't make me do it to you . ''
Mang0 raised an eyebrow . `` lmaoooo dude seriously i 'll beat u just like u beat me in beast v. 1k mm if we meet in bracket ''
The crowd erupted . D1 and Prog fell under their desk and died . Dr. Leffen laughed again , thunder booming and the sound of lasers filling the room as power burst from Dr. Leffen , blowing Scar off the stage .
`` L-ladies and gentlemen ! '' Scar said into the microphone , fixing his hair , `` is this really happening ? ''
`` In bracket ? '' asked Leffen . `` Forget the bracket . '' He motioned toward the lone setup on stage . `` I have plenty of time to JV5 you right now . Best of five . ''
`` Ladies and gentlemen , here you have it ! A one thousand dollar money match between Dr. Leffen and Captain America himself , C9 Mang0 ! ''
`` PROG , I CA N'T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING ! '' said D1 , after being revived by the on-site paramedics . `` WE ARE WITNESSING HISTORY IN THE MAKING ! ''
`` YES WE ARE , BUT CAN ANYONE STOP LEFFEN ? '' asked Prog , a shiver in his voice . `` AFTER WHAT HE DID TO CHILLIN , I CA N'T HELP BUT BE WORRIED FOR MANG0 . ''
`` PROG , '' D1 replied , punching his partner-in-crime 's shoulder , `` I THINK IF ANYONE NEEDS TO WORRY , IT 'S DR . LEFFEN . '' He directed his attention to the camera . `` ALRIGHT , ONE THOUUUUUUUSAND DOLLAR MONEY MATCH , DR. LEFFEN VS. MANGO . LET 'S GO ! ''
Dr. Leffen and Mang0 sat on the chairs in front of the old CRT . The Super Smash Bros. Melee for the Nintendo GameCube main theme hummed proudly as the champions selected their characters : Fox for Dr. Leffen , and Falco for Mang0 . The crowd was going rabid . Stream viewers sat at home , typing messages in all caps with spaces between them to express their raw hype .
As scrubs dragged Chillin 's body off to scavenge it for tech skill , Scar stepped onto the stage , microphone in his sweaty grip . He wiped his forehead and stood a safe distance from the players . He did n't want to get caught in the cyclone of power this would surely result in .
After a brief discussion of stage bans , Dr. Leffen put in his earphones . Classical music surged into his head , powering him up fully . Mang0 did n't need music . No , he only needed the mad screeches of approval coming from the crowd .
The match began , game 1 on Yoshi 's Story . Dr. Leffen and Mang0 seemed perfectly even , lasers flying left and right , the neutral game bending beneath their skill .
Dr. Leffen got a hit . The crowd gasped . Gasps turned into horrified wails as percent after percent was attached to Falco . A zero-death . And then another . And another . A JV5 , just as Dr. Leffen had predicted . The crowd screamed in disapproval . The customary chant began , in support of their downtrodden hero .
`` Game one goes to Dr . Leffen ! '' Scar screamed . `` Mew2king , are you watching ? Are you scared ? ''
`` USA ! USA ! USA ! ''
Mango0 's tank top turned a darker blue , the white turned into stripes . A winged helmet appeared on his head as he transformed into his true self . He was Captain America . He played for the people , and by God 's grace , he was going to give the people a show .
The next match was longer . Mang0 put up the fight he promised . The crowd was reenergized , lending Captain Mang0 their hype as he successfully took a game off Dr. Leffen .
Dr. Leffen growled with frustration . He was no stranger to the crowd 's scorn . Memories of that tournament flooded back to him .
Their words . Oh , God , their words came back to him , biting just as they had a year before .
`` 4-STOCK ! 4-STOCK ! 4-STOCK ! ''
`` COULD THIS BE IT , LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ? THIS IS IIIIIITTTTTTT ! ''
His hands trembled . He let out a yell . `` HHHHHIIIIIIIIYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAA ! '' A blue pentagon flashed around him , reflecting the crowd 's mockery back at them . That shut them up .
Dr. Leffen spat , `` I 'm glad you 've decided to actually start putting up a fight . ''
`` ROFLL '' said Mang0 .
The third game was on Fountain . Mang0 's patriotism rippled . The venue began to slowly convert into red , white , and blue , struggling to combat the cyan and yellow of Dr. Leffen 's homeland . Mang0 knew that he had to appease the people , to stick up for the common man in their time of need . He could n't let this man win , not after what he did to his friend .
Alas , game 3 belonged to Dr. Leffen , after a fateful shine spike .
`` hey lef , '' Mango giggled , `` i bet u think ur gon na take this set from me huh ? ''
`` At this point , I do n't need to think . I know . ''
`` o yea loool check this out dude '' He reached into his Vibranium shield 's secret compartment and pulled something out of it . It was hard to see at first , shining so brightly , but before long , it was abundantly clear : a 90s era zip file .
For the first time since he stepped into the venue , Dr. Leffen showed an emotion he rarely revealed he had : Fear . `` W-where did you find that ? ! How did you— ''
`` IS… IS THAT WHAT I THINK IT IS , D1 ? '' asked Prog , his Rush shirt burning off in reaction to the unadulterated hype .
`` YES , MY MAN , '' said D1 , `` THAT 'S . HOW WILL THE DR . RECOVER FROM THIS ? ! ''
`` good luck tryin 2 win now '' said Mang0 , a devilish smirk lighting up his face .
Dr. Leffen said nothing . He laughed and shook his head , hoping Mang0 could n't see through the cracks in his composure as he focused back on the game , on what was really important . The sins of his past meant nothing .
`` ill just uhh put this right here lol '' said Mang0 , placing atop the CRT . Leffen refused to admit to himself that it was distracting him .
Game 4 was short . Dr. Leffen could n't focus on the game , not with the lies and slander of Armada staring him down the whole game . It was just too much .
`` Enough . '' He stood up , grabbing , screaming as it burned his hands . He tossed it into the crowd , watching as it was swallowed up by the ravenous horde . `` No more games , Mang0 . If you 're going to win , it 's going to be without childish games like this . What he said about me two years ago is irrelevant . All that matters is this match . Right now . ''
Mang0 let out a sigh . `` no more games huh does that mean u forfeit ? loooool ''
`` USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! '' The crowd shouted louder than ever before . Mang0 felt a rush of power . He could do it . Dr. Leffen was about to be wrecked , not just by him , but by America .
Dr. Leffen rolled his eyes . How could this joke expect to beat him acting like this ? Sure , he 'd beaten him before , but that was then . This was now .
Of the eight minutes the match took , seven and a half were spent in the neutral . Both players analyzed each other , searching furiously for a gap in one another 's game .
`` PROG , THIS IS MORE INTENSE THAN M2K VS . SALEM . ''
`` I AGREE , D1 , ARE WE GOING TO SEE EITHER PLAYER MAKE A MISTAKE ? COULD WE BE SEEING THE FIRST DRAW IN SUPER SMASH BROS. MELEE FOR THE NINTENDO GAMECUBE HISTORY ? ''
`` The hype is palpable right now ! '' shouted Scar . `` This game could be anyone 's . I can not believe I 'm watching this . Somebody pinches me ! ''
At last , a hit . In the span of 30 seconds , four stocks were lost . Absolutely smashed .
`` THIS GAME 'S WINNER IS… FOX ! ''
Mang0 's body was flung backward , rolling off the stage and onto the venue floor . Dr. Leffen rose slowly , turning to look at his work . He chuckled to himself . The chuckle rose to a hysterical , evil laugh . `` Are you happy ? '' he asked the mourning crowd . `` Can anyone stop me ? First Chillin tried , and he was no match . And now Mang0 too has fallen before my might . '' He lifted Mang0 's corpse , absorbing his tech skill before flinging him into the crowd . `` You can have your 'champion . ' He is of no use to me . ''
D1 and Prog sat with grim expressions on their faces . Scar sobbed next to Mang0 's corpse . `` We believed in you ! You were the only one ! You were supposed to save us from the ＺＩＰＢＯＹ army . '' The ground trembled . The laptop showing the stream began emitting noises similar to a dial-up modem .
`` G-GimR , '' said Scar , `` your computer… ''
`` WHAT 'S HAPPENING ? '' D1 asked . `` GIMR 'S COMPUTER IS ACTING STRANGE… ''
Dr. Leffen looked to GimR and grinned .
Scar ran onto the stage . `` GimR ? ''
`` you really thought i was on your side , scar ? '' GimR asked sarcastically . `` i ca n't believe i kept the charade on for as long as i did . ''
`` You mean— ? ''
`` of course ! i was with leffen the whole time ! videogamebootcamp , # freegimr , streaming [ OMITTED ] , it was all a front . apex 2015 will soon belong to the legions . ''
`` But the entire competitive Smash scene is here ! That means— ''
`` of course ! '' GimR spat . `` it 's all lord leffen 's now ! '' With a few quick key presses , his laptop let out an otherworldly sound . Twitch was unleashed upon the venue . The ＺＩＰＢＯＹ army had arrived .
`` ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ give leff ''
`` ＺＩＰＢＯＹＳ ''
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███████████▄
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐█████████████▄
░░░░toucan░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██████████████▄
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄████████████████▄
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀██████ ''
D1 and Prog dove under their desk , taking the microphone with them . `` WHAT WILL WE DO NOW ? ! '' D1 shouted , not out of hype , but out of terror . He never thought he 'd see the day he faced Twitch in person .
`` THIS LOOKS LIKE THE END , D1 , '' said Prog .
Stream monsters tore the venue to shreds . Lord Leffen stood center stage , staring towards the heavens as his ＺＩＰＢＯＹＳ did his dirty work . He did n't let them down this time . He 'd won .
`` Stop , '' called a meek voice amidst the terrified crowd .
Whispers of `` The Robot ! '' and `` It 's him , '' and `` I thought he was sick ''
`` WHO ARE YOU TO STOP ME NOW ? '' Lord Leffen 's voice was backed by that of each and every one of hi S .
`` I 'm Mew2King , '' he said . `` I 'm not letting you do this . ''
Lord Leffen flicked his wrist . Mew2King 's glasses shattered and his hair disappeared completely as he was shot back against the wall , slumping unconsciously to the floor as th chattered in a mad chorus of `` lol m2k ''
`` THIS… THIS LOOKS LIKE IT 'S IT , FOLKS , '' D1 said , `` I 'M D1 , AND THIS IS PROG . WE 'RE SIGNING OUT . BE SURE TO PURCHASE A COPY OF SUPER SMASH BROS. FOR WII U AND SUPER SMASH BROS. FOR 3DS . ''
Trumpets sounded .
The roof was torn off of the Garden State Convention Center and the sky split open , revealing a heavenly light .
D1 and Prog rose nervously from under the desk .
`` WHAT 'S HAPPENING ? '' asked Prog .
`` W-WHAT ? ! '' boomed Lord Leffen .
From the fissure in the sky descended a glowing man , his glasses glinting , his velvet robes glimmering . PPMD was here .
Mang0 's body began to glow , floating into the sky as his eyes pried themselves open . `` P-PP ? '' he said . `` Y-you 're here . ''
`` Yes , my son , '' said the PPMD . `` I have come back for all of my children , just as I said I would .
The ＺＩＰＢＯＹＳ burned away , unable to handle the PPMD 's glory . GimR stared at his hands as the skin burned from his muscles , and the muscles tore from his bones . Before long , he was nothing but a pile of bones on the floor , a few beard hairs and a black hammer the only signs the skeleton was ever his .
`` THIS WO N'T STOP ME ! '' Lord Leffen clenched his fists and absorbed the power of his falle S. Fur sprouted all over his body . His legs disappeared , replaced by metal legs . A tail burst from the base of his spine . He had become Fox at last .
Mang0 looked nervously at his Father , who smiled warmly . Mang0 nodded . They combined their power , and with an ear-splitting sound , a colossal , holy beam of Falco laser beamed for Lord Leffen .
Lord Leffen quickly down-b 'd , sending the laser back with a smug grin .
`` Not so fast ! '' shouted the PPMD , raising his reflector and firing it back at the evil Swede .
D1 was quickly back on the mic . `` DDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEESTRUCTION ! '' he screamed as Lord Leffen was vaporized by the red blast . Scar ducked under the stage to avoid being caught in the crossfire .
The crowd ascended towards the sky , along with D1 , Prog , M2K , and Scar . At long last , the Beast had fallen , and the good PPMD 's work had been done .
The next day .
A pair of sneakers stepped through the rubble and debris of the Garden State Convention Center . Not 24 hours ago , this place had been the site of the largest even in Super Smash Bros. Melee for the Nintendo GameCube history . But now , the old guard had all gone home , that they may party with Mang0 . But who would take their place ?
The owner of the sneakers bent down and opened the GameCube to pick up the Super Smash Bros. Melee for the Nintendo GameCube disc , perfect and scratchless despite the chaos from the night before . He stared at his own face in the reflection of the disc 's underside , and smiled widely , fixing his black hair .
aMSa knew it would be him .
Recently , Creative Director of Quake Champions Tim Willits spoke to Polygon where he revealed that Quake Champions will have both a free to play and for pay option for players .
The free to play option only gives players access to one of the Champions , Ranger . If they want to increase the number of champions available to them , they have two options . Players can decide to buy the Champion Pack to unlock all the Champions to play , or they can use the in-game currency to play other Champions , albeit for only a set period of time . So the free to play version of Quake Champions will only ever give players permanent access to one Champion . So far how much time players pay to have access to anyone Champion is still being decided .
While that may turn off some , the good news is that Willits says they are trying to reduce the feeling of grind that a lot of other frees to play titles have . The in-game currency , Favor , will be easy to earn and players should be able to trade it in to play champions frequently .
Favor can also be spent on backpacks , which give players something called Rune Challenges . What those are is not entirely certain yet , but completing one successfully will give players reliquaries , which are loot box like in that they can be opened to reveal skins and new Champions . What it means to reveal a new champion is n't explained either .
Free to play players and those that buy the game will also be playing in the same player pool and map pool ; there will be nothing sectioned off . And this ties into part of id Software 's reasoning for offering multiple ways to play the game :
But then we also understand that we want to get as many people into the game as possible , especially outside of North America and Western Europe , where we have a massive fan base . So we want to have the flexibility to have a free-to-play option for those people .
Quake Champions was announced at last year 's E3 and is still in development . You can now sign up for the closed beta here , which will be starting soon .
What do you think of this approach ? Do you think that limiting free to play players to one Champion may flood some matches ? Let us know in the comments below !
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
Institutions with endowments worth £115m are withdrawing their investments from fossil fuels ahead of crunch UN climate talks in Paris
Ten UK universities with endowments worth £115m are in the process ofmoving their money out of fossil fuels ahead of crunch UN climate change talks in Paris later this month .
The University of Surrey , the University of Arts in London ( UAL ) and Oxford Brookes University are divesting their respective £42m , £3.9m and £1.6m endowments from all fossil fuel companies .
Wolfson College at the University of Oxford has divested its £42m endowment from thermal coal and tar sands , often considered the dirtiest fossil fuels because of the high level of carbon they emit . It follows a similar move by the university in May after a two-year campaign by students and alumni .
A further six universities – Birmingham City University , Cranfield University , Heriot-Watt University , the University of Hertfordshire , the University of Portsmouth and the University of Westminster – joined the global fossil fuel divestment movement after their fund manager CCLA decided to move its investments out of coal and tar sands .
The announcement doubles the number of UK universities to have divested as part of a global movement that has so far seen more than 2,000 institutions and 400 individuals worth a collective £2.6tn move investments of out various forms of fossil fuels .
Piers Telemacque , National Union of Students ' vice-president for society and citizenship , said : “ It 's amazing to see more universities divesting as we build momentum towards the climate talks in Paris . We need to show the sort of moral leadership we want to see from our governments . This is just the latest example of students making change on today 's most pressing social justice issue . ”
In less than three weeks , leaders from more than 190 nations will meet in Paris with the aim of negotiating a new deal on cutting greenhouse gas emissions to prevent dangerous climate change .
But in a place where few women even swim , Rawand 's adolescent reasoning carries complicated consequences . Since Hamas took control of the territory in 2007 , the militant group has been working to inculcate conservative Islam in an already traditional society . As a result , the daughters of the strip 's male surf community must navigate ever more treacherous waters .
“ Our society is different than others , there 's no way the girls can surf on a crowded day , ” says their surfing teacher , Al-Hindi Ashour . “ To their parents they are still kids , but some people here look at them like adult females already … They may say things about them in the future . ”
Rawand 's cousin Shurouk Abu Ghanem is also 13 . On land , she wears a hijab , the Muslim head scarf . In the water , Shurouk stuffs her long brown curls into a cap .
All of the girls surf clothed from head to foot . They prefer to practice in groups of other surfers and swimmers ( their male cousins , brothers , and fathers ) , reasoning that the more people in the water , the less likely that anyone on shore will notice girls on a board .
“ I 'm not doing anything wrong . No one has the right to say anything to my daughters or me . But in the end , I ca n't live outside the traditions of my society . There are limits to where we can have our freedoms here , ” Rajab , Shurouk 's father , tells me .
So the girls and their parents agree—they wo n't be able to surf after they turn 17 . “ Doing something only boys do means I 'm unique . I 'll go to another hobby—that 's the way it works here , ” Rawand says . “ But I will have the same confidence . I wo n't change . ”
Early the next morning , we enter the water en masse . Nine surfers share three boards . A phalanx of pint-size boys accompanies us on boogie boards , forming an army of attention-deflectors moving through the water together .
Next to me , Rawand squints , gulps air , and pushes her board down , surfacing on the other side of a wave . Nearby , Shurouk swims through the surf . We line up .
It 's my turn on a windsurf board sans sail . And I 'm up , adrenaline pumping , as I struggle to keep my balance in three layers of wet clothing ( undergarments , a tank top tucked into spandex tights , and then a long-sleeved shirt and hiking pants on top of that ) . I have to bail to avoid the boogie-boarding boys—the downside of our protective detail—but it 's enough . I 'm the first adult woman anyone here has seen surf , and the pack beams in unison when I rejoin them .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Two Meter Band Plan : Ham Radio Q & A Episode 5
A popular landing spot for most new amateur radio operators is the two meter band . With the popularity of inexpensive handheld radios like this one , and the proliferation of two meter repeaters , it 's no wonder this is the new Technician 's first experience with ham radio . But the 2 meter band is n't all voice and repeaters . Today we are going to talk about band plans , how they organize the two meter band , and what you can expect to find in between 144 and 148 Mhz .
Continue reading , or watch the video below :
Band Plans , turning order into chaos
A Band Plan is agreement of what radio modes and operations should take place on a certain frequency . They carry no weight of law , but almost all hams accept them as such . The FCC wo n't fine you if you transmit FM at 144.3 MHz , nor will you get in trouble with the feds if morse code is transmitted at 146.52 Mhz . But you will make other hams using these frequencies upset if you do n't follow the self-imposed rules . Remember , radio spectrum is a finite resource , and the FCC has given amateur radio operators a lot of latitude in the policing of their spectrum .
Now there is a bit of spectrum in the two meter band that the FCC does specify for an intended purpose within the rules of Part 97 , and we 'll talk about that in a bit . But for the most part , the FCC gives amateur radio coordination and organizing bodies the power to manage their own spectrum .
Morse Code , Sideband , and Digital
So lets start at the bottom of the band . 144.0 to 144.1 Mhz is reserved exclusively for continuous wave , or CW morse code , weak signal work . This allocation is set by the FCC in the amateur radio part 97 rules and you will get in trouble with the feds if you transmit something other can CW in this chunk of spectrum .
Moving up a bit from there , 144.1 to 144.3 is reserved for CW and sideband operation . You probably thought that the 2 meter band was all FM and repeaters , why would you want to do sideband and morse code ? Well , even though VHF propagation is primarily line of sight , you can take advantage of atmospheric anomalies , like troposheric ducting to carry your 2 meter signal hundreds to thousands of miles . Meteor scatter and moon bounce aficionados will also be found down here . Both sideband and CW are excellent modes for weak signal work , so it stands to reason to give them an exclusive chunk of spectrum to do some 2 meter DX .
Moving up a bit from the sideband portion of the band , you 'll find the frequency of 144.39 Mhz . This is the home of APRS , or the Amateur Position Reporting System . APRS is a digital mode using FM or frequency modulation mode to transmit and receive short digital packets that contain geocoded location information or text . APRS has become a world-wide geolocation and messaging system , so all activity is located on one single frequency .
Since we are talking digital , most digital operation on the VHF 2 meter band is FM using AX.25 style packets . AX.25 is a data communications format dating back to the 1980 's ( and possibly earlier ) . First used over the air for Packet Radio , this mode allows you to transmit and receive data at 1200 baud on 2 meters , or 9600 baud at higher frequencies . With today 's gigabit ethernet and 4G data networks , these speeds sound quaint . But packet radio is still a viable method of exchanging text based information over long distances . You 'll commonly find packet users on the frequencies 145.01 . 145.03 , and 145.05 Mhz .
Speaking of packet , there 's an interesting data communications mode called Winlink 2000 . This mode uses AX.25 packets to transmit and receive conventional email messages . A great tool for emergency communications , Winlink nodes can be interfaced with a public safety agency 's email system to provide another method of sending and receiving Internet email if conventional communication methods are down . You 'll either find Winlink stations on the packet frequencies around 145.01 Mhz or up a little higher in the experimental and miscellaneous portion of the band .
Let 's talk a moment about satellite communications . Orbiting above the Earth are scores of amateur radio satellites . These satellites carry digipeaters and transponders on them allowing the ham to communicate using FM , sideband , and digital modes . Early satellites had uplinks on 2 meters and downlinks in the 10 meter band , but now most modern birds in space are using a combination 70cm and 2 meter uplink and downlink . You 'll find satellite frequencies between 144.3 and 144.5 Mhz and 145.8 and 146 Mhz .
One satellite that is very easy to work is the International Space Station . You 'll find the ISS ham radio station running on the digital APRS mode at 145.825 , but occasionally they will be on the air with at 145.800 Mhz FM voice slow scan TV . A link to the complete list of ISS frequencies can be found in the show notes below .
Repeater Inputs and Outputs
Now we 've come to the meat of the 2 meter amateur radio band , the repeater segment . Of the close to 20,000 amateur radio repeaters on the air , the bulk of them are shoehorned into the 2 meter band . A repeater works by listening for a low power handheld or mobile transmission and retransmitting or repeating it on another frequency . On the 2 meter band , you 'll find repeaters scattered between 145 and 148 Mhz . A repeater usually has an input frequency 600 Khz above or below its output frequency ( although few will have what 's referred to a ‘ odd split ' , when the input is more an 600 Khz from the output frequency ) . If the repeater has an output frequency below 147 Mhz , it 's input will be 600 Khz below the output . For example , if the repeater is listed as 146.820 Mhz , it 's input frequency will be 146.220 Mhz . If the repeater 's output is above 147 Mhz , then it 's input frequency will be 600 KHz above . So a repeater at 147.135 Mhz , will have an input of 147.735 Mhz . When you program a repeater into your 2 meter radio , you need to remember the program both the input and the output frequency .
Most repeaters on the air use analog Frequency Modulation as their mode of operation , but a growing number of amateur radio repeaters are using digital modes like APCO P25 , Icom 's D-Star , or Yaesu 's Fusion system . There 's currently no one digital standard and each mode has their unique advantages . So while scanning the bands , if you happen to stumble upon a buzzing or grinding noise , it 's probably a digital repeater .
Simplex Frequencies
With all this talk of weak signal , data , satellites and repeaters ; is there any room left for simplex operation ? I just want to talk to my friend on the other side of town . Well , you do n't have to tie up the repeater with your rag chews as there are plenty of simplex frequencies available on the 2 meter band . Most band plans have FM simplex channels allocated between 146.40 and 146.58 and 147.42 – 147.50 Mhz with an established National Calling Channel at 146.52 Mhz . These dedicated frequencies give hams the ability to talk point to point without fear of disrupting other modes . But remember , band plans are n't set in stone , and if you do a little research and listening in your local area , you will probably find an unused frequency in the repeater output section of the band that wo n't interfere with another use . If the frequency is clear and you not interfering , you 're welcome to use it . But remember , if you cause interference with an established and coordinated repeater , satellite link , or digital operator , it is up to you to stop and change frequencies . The FCC has determined that users that are granted a frequency by a coordinating body have precedence over the use of the frequency . So in your search of a simplex frequency , maintain good amateur practice and do a bit of research before picking a random simplex frequency .
Conclusion
So to recap , the amateur radio two meter bands from 144 – 148 MHz is active with a wide variety of modes and operations , from CW , to sideband , FM , data , and satellite . VHF propagation is typically line of sight , so the band may sound empty if you scan from the bottom to the top , but if you listen on a particular frequency , you may be surprised at what you hear . Use your band plan as a roadmap for finding those little ‘ spots of gold ' on the two meter band .
ARRL Band Plans :
http : //www.arrl.org/band-plan
Icom America Band Plan Chart
( The one I hold up in the intro )
http : //www.icomamerica.com/en/downloads/default.aspx ? Category=352
International Space Station Frequencies
http : //www.issfanclub.com/frequencies
It seems like an ideal equation . An abundance of natural resources , multiple emerging middle classes , democracy in one of its purest forms ( on paper ) , people who can dance… So what is the problem ? Why ca n't Brazil forge ahead ?
Here is my opinion , to which I welcome your insights and arguments . In advance , I ask your forgiveness for any generalizations .
1 . No respect for the working class
A couple weeks ago , I was standing in line at the snack bar at our club waiting to order . Next to the line was a young woman barking orders at the people behind the counter . The man taking orders called out a general request for everyone to please get into the line – aimed at her . She ignored him and shifted her demands to another employee . I called her out . She responded with a whiney stream of excuses . I told her to talk to the hand .
This is not an uncommon scene . The middle to upper classes in Brazil engage with the working class ( defined for the purposes of this post as those generally in the services industry , including those people who work at the Pão de Açucar ) in two ways . Either they treat them like dirt , or they offer up some condescending friendliness , later congratulating themselves on the contribution they 've made to society . As an outcome , when someone of the working class is actually treated with respect , it is often regarded with suspicion . Combine this with the government 's attempts to give people more power and rights , and things begin to get dangerous . An expat friend of mine described the consequence of this shifting of attitudes , the coupling of being empowered with still being looked-down upon , to a tee . It results in… rage . ( Yes , go ahead and picture that one chilling scene with the monkeys from the film 28 Days Later – I did . )
Why is this an obstacle ? Powerful countries are built on the masses working to achieve their dreams . If people are n't encouraged to work hard for something , a country stays stagnant .
2 . Little respect for teachers
While in most developed countries , teachers are revered as heroes ( at least in the movies ) , my expat friends who have found themselves in teaching position have been shocked to be considered one step up from a babá ( nanny ) . This is especially prevalent at the schools where the average wealth tends to be higher ( except for the British run schools ) – and where the kids will eventually have more impact on the way the country goes . But even in the Brazilian schools , it takes a lot to collect respect from students . So let me ask you this – if kids do n't respect what the teacher says , how the hell are they going to learn anything ?
3 . S-Mothering
I had to have a tough conversation with a professional , 30-something client of mine about what he was going to have to do to achieve his stated objectives . The next day I received an email from… you guessed it… his mother . The mother , in a typical passive aggressive way , made a series of excuses for her son and tried to turn the tables on why he could n't get his shit together , including a couple digs about my American tactics . This is the stuff that sitcoms are made of , yet I was n't totally shocked that a Brazilian man 's mother might infringe on his professional life . Brazilian mothers have a tendency to distance themselves from their kids during those troubling years – like when they are infants – leaving those kinds of upbringing nuisances to uneducated people who come from the countryside and are treated like slaves ( see 1 . No respect for the working class ) . Then , once their kids are teenagers , they forcefully inject themselves , attempting to control every aspect of their offsprings ' lives . This lasts generally until their own expiration . What kind of message does this send ? I have no idea , only that it results in a serious handicapping of adults . Adults who may find themselves in charge of something important purely by nepotism . Adults who will be forwarding all their uncomfortable emails to their mothers .
4 . No regard for rules
In 2013 , the people of Brazil took to the streets in outrage of what the government had been doing with all the money it had collected from its citizens . Corruption , mismanagement of funds , and the breaking of rules were all on the list of complaints . Yet , as pointed out by reader Andrew Francis , this is all a little hypocritical . An average Brazilian breaks more rules than I can imagine on the typical day . Disregarding traffic laws , insurance fraud , passing points for driving infringements onto others… most never bat an eye when trying to get around or out of something they do n't want to do . The classic name for this behavior is jeitinho , and considered a cultural cuteness , but when compiled , its impact is detrimental to society . How do you control chaos when no one bothers with the rules ?
5 . Misplaced priorities
Did you happen to watch the Rio de Janeiro carnaval parade on TV ? Maybe you sat in the Sambadrome in São Paulo and witnessed the thousands of people that danced along the route , dressed in costumes that would have put Marie Antoinette to shame . How nice that all those favela dwellers spend their year putting together this kind of show , gathering funds to create a world-renowned event . Did you know that one of the costumes marching behind the float in the parade , I 'm not even talking the ones on top of the floats or the headliners in front , can cost more than a month 's salary of the average laborer ? And its not like they are going to use it again next year – oh no ! ( Totally taboo . ) I like a good carnaval as much as the next person , but in a country where so many sub-societies are in distress , is this the best place to be putting resources ? How many public hospitals and schools could one carnaval support ? Just asking .
Yes , political problems are at the top of the list as to why Brazil has been held back . But I believe that cultural issues should be seriously considered as well . Which is more easily shifted ? I think it is a tie .
New Delhi : The recently-held bypolls across 10 Assembly constituencies in eight states - Delhi , Karnataka , West Bengal , Rajasthan , Himachal Pradesh , Jharkhand , Assam and Madhya Pradesh have yielded 5 seats for the BJP .
Elections were held on Sunday in Rajouri Garden ( Delhi ) , Litipara ( Jharkhand ) , Nanjangud and Gundlupet ( Karnataka ) , Dholpur ( Rajasthan ) , Kanthi Dakshin ( West Bengal ) , Ater and Bandhavgarh ( Madhya Pradesh ) , Bhoranj ( Himachal Pradesh ) and Dhemaji ( Assam ) .
New Delhi :
The BJP registered a huge victory in the Rajouri Garden Assembly bypoll handing a humiliating defeat to the ruling Aam Aadmi Party , which finished a distant third and even lost deposit .
BJP-SAD joint candidate Manjinder Singh Sirsa bagged 40,602 seats , over 50 per cent of the total votes polled , in a boost for the saffron party ahead of the April 23 municipal polls .
Congress ' Meenakshi Chandela finished second with 25,950 votes while AAP 's Harjeet Singh managed to get only 10,243 votes , less than one-sixth of the total votes polled , and lost deposit .
With the AAP 's humiliating defeat , Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia admitted that people were upset with the party over its legislator quitting to contest from Punjab .
Karnataka :
The ruling Congress in Karnataka retained both the Assembly seats of Nanjangud and Gundlupet .
Congress ' Kalale N Keshavamurthy defeated his nearest rival V Srinivas Prasad ( BJP ) by over 21,000 votes in Nanjangud . In Gundlupet , Geetha Mahadevaprasad ( Congress ) trounced BJP 's C S Niranjan Kumar by over 10,000 votes , an election official said . Both the seats were held by the Congress .
With the Assembly polls slated to be held in about a year , the Congress and the BJP had played for heavy stakes in the bypolls .
The by-elections were necessitated in Gundulpet following the death of Cooperation Minister Mahadevaprasad while in Nanjangud , it was caused by the resignation of Srinivas Prasad as Congress MLA after he was dropped from the ministry .
Srinivas had switched over to the BJP , while Keshavamurthy had contested the 2013 Assembly polls on a JD ( S ) ticket . Geeta is the widow of Mahadeva Prasad .
Remaining neutral , former Prime Minister H D Devegowda- led JDS had not fielded its candidates .
West Bengal :
Trinamool Congress candidate Chandrima Bhattacharya won from Kanthi Dakshin with 95369 votes . BJP comes second with 52843 votes .
Madhya Pradesh
The BJP retained the Bandhavgarh assembly seat defeating rival Congress by a margin of over 25,000 votes . BJP nominee Shivnarayan Singh defeated Congress ' candidate Savitri Singh from the seat in Umaria district by 25,476 votes , an election official said . In Ater , the Congress won with a small margin of 848 votes .
Himachal Pradesh :
BJP candidate Dr Anil Dhiman won the Bhoranj ( SC ) Assembly seat in Himachal Pradesh by 8,290 votes . The BJP candidate Dr Anil Dhiman defeated his nearest Congress rival , Promila Devi by 8,290 votes . Dhiman polled 24,453 votes against 16,144 votes polled by Devi while Pawan Chandel , a BJP rebel who contested as an Independent , polled 4,630 votes .
Assam :
BJP candidate Ranoj Pegu won the Dhemaji Assembly by-election defeating his nearest Congress rival Babul Sonowal by 9,285 votes . While the BJP candidate polled 75,217 votes , his Congress rival garnered 65,932 votes , the election office here said .
Jharkhand :
Jharkhand Mukti Morcha ( JMM ) candidate Simon Marandi won by 12,900 votes in Litipara .
Rajasthan :
BJP candidate Shobha Rani won from Dholpur , defeating Congress candidate Banwari Lal Sharma by 38673 votes . `` The BJP candidate has secured 47,951 votes while the votes of Congress candidate Banwari Lal Sharma are 25,349 , '' according to the state election commission .
Meanwhile , the BJP leaders gave credit to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje whereas the Congress questioned the credibility of EVM machines .
Repolling took place in 38 booths of Srinagar Lok Sabha constituency today after the Election Commission order following violence in the April 9 by-election , in which 8 people were killed in clashes with security forces . It saw only a 2.02 per cent turnout , the lowest in the history of Jammu and Kashmir .
Voter-verifiable paper audit trails ( VVPATs ) were used at all the 166 polling stations of the west Delhi constituency , following AAP 's allegations that the EVMs were tampered with .
Next week , Soundgarden will release the three-CD rarities collection Echo Of Miles : Scattered Tracks Across The Path , which has already yielded the songs “ Storm ” and “ Twin Tower. ” One of the set 's unreleased songs is “ Kristi , ” a crushing riff-rocker that the band recorded during the sessions for their 1996 album Down On The Upside . According to a press release , it 's drummer Matt Cameron 's favorite Soundgarden song , and it seems crazy that it did n't make the album , since it 's an absolute monster . The band only ever played “ Kristi ” live once , at the 1995 Reading Festival . We 've got a stream of it below .
Kim Thayil gave us some background on the recording :
This is the original and ultimate studio version of “ Kristi. ” Recorded and tracked during the ? Down On The Upside sessions , it was set aside , never mixed or mastered , and until now , never released . It was always considered an unfinished gem from the sessions . Thanks to producer Adam Kasper and Matt Cameron , who kept reminding the rest of us that it needed to be completed and released . Given a brilliant mix by Adam , this song delivers the doom , foreboding and tension that has long been a signature of much of Soundgarden 's songwriting , especially in our earlier works . ?
Echo Of Miles : Scattered Tracks Across The Path is out 11/25 on A & M .
There is something funny in the reality that the two Liga giants both went into Saturday 's match day as a favorite , only to go down a goal , then rally for a narrow , one-goal victory . Could both colossi have had the same thing on the brain ? Maybe , just maybe . And it must have been contagious , because the weekend 's opponent , Sevilla , also had Copa on the brain , as both us and them have decisive matches this week against sides from the capitol city .
And yet , there are differences , as Sevilla 's Copa hopes to embody the only silver that it has a shot at . Barça , on the other hand , sincerely hopes that this year is n't like the last , in which the Copa is its only silverware . Say what you want about the two teams , imbalance of Liga power , etc , but there was the weekend 's reality .
As a consequence , both teams decided to hold key players back , with the likes of Negredo watching from the bench for Sevilla , while Xavi and Puyol rested on the home side of the benches .
Further complicating things is that Barça is coming off of an armageddon of a match , a 0-2 Champions League loss to AC Milan , a match that had so many pundits , cules and assorted hangers-on predicting everything from a loss in the return leg to the return of the Plague .
So clearly , one team had quite a bit more to prove than the other , which leads to all sorts of questions , most notably … .
Where was the urgency that we were supposed to see ? might be one of them , as the rotation focused lineup came out and engaged in a leisurely game of kickabout , as cules fretted and moaned , one foot on the ledge , one eye on the television screen . “ Lord today , have they learned NOTHING from the Milan match ? ! MORE aimless possession ? ! Gaaah ! ”
The lineup of Valdes , Alves , Pique , Mascherano , Montoya , Song , Thiago , Iniesta , Messi , Sanchez and Villa not only had rotation in mind , but promised a different approach to the match . So imagine everyone 's surprise at the same old : Villa standing off to the left on the touchline , trying to get the attention of that food vendor in the stands . On the other side , Sanchez got the ball and faked … . dribbled … . faked … . then passed it back to midfield , while Messi decided that yes , THIS was going to be the day that he would beat 4-5 defenders off the dribble . Because like that TV commercial of his , “ impossible is nothing. ” Or something .
“ Static ” was the word of the day . No runs , no motion , none of that fancy Barça stuff that used to make opponents quake in fear at the notion of coming into the Camp Nou . Instead , our sprites decided to entertain the visitors with some practice passing sessions , and Sevilla was impressed .
“ Hey , looka them boys passing that ball around . The designs are like one of those Spirograph toys . So pretty . Whoops ! Here comes a stray ball . Hang on a sec while I knock it away . ”
And so on , until Sevilla decided “ Boy , howdy , should we liven this party up by scoring a goal , ” and so THEY did , off a set piece as Alberto “ When You Were Mine ” Botia leaped into the air , clearing three midgets in a single leap , and headed past a pretty much defenseless Victor Valdes , who seemed just a tad flummoxed by that which had transpired .
And meanwhile , the passing demonstration resumed , but with a little more urgency that led to the same result : entertained Sevilla defenders and a 0-1 deficit at the break . And here was the problem ( s ) :
— An offense based on passing and movement needs plenty of the latter to be successful .
— With an out-of-position Montoya on the left and the isolated-as-usual Alves on the right , that meant penetration and danger had to come from wingers rather than the overlapping fullbacks , as tactical width got a rethink by everybody except our wingers .
And yet , the team did n't look all that perturbed as Jordi Puffy Coat emoted on the sidelines , probably for a reason that in their distress , cules do n't take a moment to consider :
Maybe things are n't all that bad as they seem , ya know ?
Big lead over second and third place in the Liga , an advantage on the away goal in the Copa semi-final and two piddlin ' home goals to overcome against AC Milan in two weeks time . Hmph . Really ? Really .
And during the halftime break , we were left to ponder yet another delight of an outing by Alex Song , who is really making a case for some more time . That 's two in a row for those keeping score .
Meanwhile , in Sprite Land , Prince Jordi was consulting with a hologram , saying “ Help me Master Tito . You 're our only hope. ” Then some little guy started messing up syntax and stuff , and suddenly , it all made sense .
When the teams came out for the second half , things were about to be different , as a return to the past was in order . Sanchez came off for Tello , and Villa moved to the center , in front of Messi .
Now , you people who were keeping track of the debate might have remembered some of us saying how cool it would be to harken back to the Treble days of yesteryear , and have Messi mating up with a fast winger who can turn play quickly , getting out ahead of the break on long passes , and a finisher prowling the box to take advantage of space created by Messi as well as making space FOR Messi . And would n't ya know it , that is just what started happening , and it did n't take long for the new thinking to bear fruit , for many things happened as a result of this reapportionment of forces :
— The left side of the attack was in business , and Montoya did n't have to do anything except defend .
— Because Sevilla suddenly had to worry about the left side and that danger , the right side , in the person of Dani Alves , got room to frolic , like back in the day .
— Messi got a little more working room , because it ai n't as though David Villa is just some mope , strolling around on the left side of the pitch . Now he 's danger .
So when it came to pass that , in a lovely bit of elegant football artistry , Alves had the space to pick a pass , and deposited said effort right on the noggin of Villa , who headed home for a 1-1 draw . And there was much rejoicing .
And suddenly , as if by magic , there was possession , passing , movement and danger . Because instead of a static attack based on a nonexistent threatx2 , a situation that was always leaving a passel of defenders frees and easy to vex the life out Messi , as Villa ran around in the box , defenders had to worry about him , just like they used to have to worry about Samuel Eto ' o . And the midfielders would then just slide the ball out to the left , where Tello outran everybody to get to it , then ran toward the box .
Suddenly , stuff was feeling a little less fraught as the new attitude worked so well , the team decided that a second goal was probably going to be a lovely thing . So once again , Tello outran everybody and their mamas , and in the space that he suddenly had , saw Messi , running in behind Villa , who was worrying those Sevilla defenders . He put the pass right on Messi 's foot , which unerringly slammed home for the 2-1 lead . And there was more rejoicing .
The official site is calling the comeback win a “ Dosi de confiança. ” Others are calling it a narrow win . Still others are calling it a worrying sign , and list the host of things that could potentially haunt this club in the two competitions in which it is n't facing a yawning advantage :
— Lack of team speed , which makes breaks extra dangerous .
— Lack of an effective press , which gives opponents more time on the ball with which to get at our defense , which suddenly has to be a traditional defense .
— An attack that is going to leak goals .
— A tired-looking Messi .
Etc , etc . What I saw was a team that did what it was supposed to do , which is score enough goals to win the football match . This it did . Was it pretty ? Nope . Dominant ? Nope . Effective ? Not all the time , but certainly enough of the time to resolve matters . A sign of anything ? Yes and no . No if you seek doom , yes if you seek the kind of on-the-fly adaptability that is the sign of a good football team . Halftime adjustments , and today 's was a doozy because it changes the potential template for future matches in a very interesting way .
I rather imagine that the Tello bandwagon is popping streamers and groaning under the weight of all the passengers , but let 's not be so hasty . It is doubtful in the extreme that Tello will start either of the two matches coming up , for the simple reason that fresher defenders deal with him better than tired ones , because he really is n't all that versatile . He gets the ball , and runs like the wind . Sharper defenders early in a match can more effectively capitalize on his dodgy first touch and limited inventiveness , where after halftime , when defenders have been chasing wee ones for a while , it becomes much more obviously Tello Time .
What excited me more was the man playing in front of Messi , something a great many have been calling for . Nice to see that it worked . Like a charm .
The other really interesting development was the match-closing midfield of Xavi/Busquets/Song . Busquets thrived with a partner in crime , as he did when teamed with Seydou Keita . Xavi found life easier , because he always had that reset button as he did with Keita , as he played the ball off of either Busquets or Song , to re-sync the possession game .
Whether these are real glimpses of the future , or one-off reactions to a match situation , remains to be seen . In the meantime , know that despite all the worry , all the blame , all of the gnashing of teeth , our beloved football club has a big , giant lead in La Liga . It also had a mid-week date with its most bitter rival , for a shiny trinket that both clubs crave , just probably not at much as rubbing the rival 's face in it in the aftermath of the elimination of one of the two colossi .
We can worry about that bridge when we come to it . For now , it 's worth noting that Barça beat a quality opponent , and barely got out of second gear . I ca n't wait to see the machine at full throttle . The end of Hlebruary is nigh .
“ It 's time to think about the built environment , ” said Shannon McDonald , an architect and Assistant Professor at Southern Illinois University in Carbondale , IL . McDonald was referring to the impact that autonomous vehicles will have on the design of streets , buildings and associated infrastructure . She indicates that this is an important and timely discussion to have , as she compares autonomous mobility to the rapid changes to cities and the explosion in suburbs that resulted from the introduction of the car 100 years ago . She is in an expert in that transition , as she literally wrote the book on one aspect ; parking and how it changed cities .
The all-day workshop , Envisioning Automated Vehicles within the Built Environment : 2020 , 2035 and 2050 , organized , by McDonald and a committee of other experts , looked at seven scenarios for vehicle autonomy . The morning portion featured subject-matter experts who provided a baseline understanding of the state of vehicle autonomy . Workshop participants , which included city and regional planners , lawyers , architects and technologists , split into groups to create plans for the different autonomous vehicle scenarios in the year 2020 , 2035 and 2050 .
Fully autonomous vehicles ( level 5 in the SAE standard ) , wo n't happen overnight and will occur at various levels ( e.g . it has already begun with adaptive cruise control ) and will roll out with specific use-cases ( e.g . the autonomous mining vehicles in Australia ) . There are many opportunities to create better living spaces , as there is long-term potential to do things like eliminating street parking or reducing lane size . Still , it is a huge challenge for city planners who have to plan based today 's assumptions ; assumptions which could be undermined very rapidly if the social benefits to autonomous mobility live up to their potential .
We will have additional interviews from this workshop in follow-up posts and look forward to following up with McDonald to find out the results of the workshop ( the above interview was filmed just as the workshop portion of the program was beginning ) . Note , this workshop was one of the ancillary meetings associated with the AUVSI 's Automated Vehicles Symposium 2014 .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Telegram
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Anyone who has ever woken up bleary-eyed , woozy after a night of drunken revelry , knows about the phenomenon of “ beer goggles , ” and how embarrassing it can be . You wonder , staring at the shapeless form under the sheets next to you : What did I ever see in this gal/guy ? I 'm beginning to think that there is such a thing as political beer goggles . I 'm referring to the surprisingly positive view that some progressives hold of the most reactionary figure in modern American politics , Ron Paul .
A number of commentators I respect greatly are finding aspects of Paul 's platform to be compelling . Among them are Glenn Greenwald on this site and Matt Stoller at Naked Capitalism . Greenwald points out that “ Ron Paul is the only major candidate from either party advocating crucial views on vital issues that need to be heard , and so his candidacy generates important benefits ” [ his emphasis ] . He goes on to provide a long list of Obama 's shortcomings that , he points out , are not shared by Ron Paul . Stoller argues that “ the anger [ Paul ] inspires comes not from his positions , but from the tensions that modern American liberals bear within their own worldview . ”
Advertisement :
I could n't disagree more . What I find objectionable about Ron Paul is very much related to his positions , which I view as an organic whole , divergent from progressive values on every single vital issue , including the foreign policy views that are the main attraction he holds for some liberals . Unlike Greenwald and Stoller , I do n't find any solace in his positions on foreign policy , or his desire to disentangle the U.S. from Afghanistan . I ca n't quite so comfortably carve out Paul 's views on defense and foreign policy . To me , that 's like trying to scrape peanut butter off the business end of a mousetrap .
In a sense , Paul is emerging as a protest vote for two separate and usually irreconcilable constituencies : traditional conservatives who want to slash the size of government to the bone , and young people and progressives who are opposed to the war . I do n't have much to say to the former . Paul is their man . But voters who want to protest the endless war in Afghanistan should realize that a protest vote for Paul is also a protest vote against the very role of government in society . Do they really want to cast such a vote ? Is a protest vote quite so important ? Are their better ways of opposing the war ? Greenwald , to his credit , does not advocate voting for Paul , but that is one logical implication of his position .
Those considering a protest vote for Paul need to weigh its cost and implications . The more one digs into the weeds of Paul 's record , the more one is overwhelmed by the stench .
My feelings on that point were reinforced when I used a database to reach back to 1997 , when Paul returned to Congress after a lengthy hiatus , and examined every floor speech that Paul made in his first term back on the Hill .
I did n't catch him in any racist riffs . What I found , instead , was much worse than casual bigotry . It was the mindset of a doctrinaire follower of Austrian economics and Ayn Rand—a fervent advocate of laissez-faire economics , the primacy of “ market forces , ” and a philosophy of government that allows for only the most limited government . While his views are never expressed in brutal , screw-the-poor terms , you have to ask yourself : Are such positions ever expressed in brutal , screw-the-poor terms ? You also have to wonder , as you read the following , whether his record on foreign policy is worth endorsing this kind of baggage .
This is a politician who is , as advertised , consistent , but consistent in a kind of moral myopia . I 'm not cherry-picking . I 'm talking about amoral views comprising his entire program , and by that I would include foreign affairs , in which he opposes not only the war in Iraq and intervention in Afghanistan , but any kind of foreign involvement by the U.S. , including humanitarian intervention against overseas genocide .
Advertisement :
What I also found was the phenomenon that Thomas Frank identified in his 2004 book , `` What 's the Matter With Kansas ? `` : positions that would intentionally screw the people supporting him , and his supporters either not knowing or not caring .
I wonder how many of Paul 's progressive supporters are aware that Paul is so virulently anti-abortion that on March 19 , 1997 he said on the House floor that “ I am convinced that abortion is the most important issue of the 20th century ” ?
I wonder how many of his young liberal fans are aware of his views on scholarships and low-interest loans for college students—that there should n't be any ? In a speech inserted in the Congressional Record of April 22 , 1998 entitled “ Education in America is Facing a Crisis , ” Paul talked up his rather innocuous ( and sensible ) idea to exempt from taxation income earned by farm kids at 4-H and Future Farmers of America fairs . “ We say the only way a youngster could ever go to college is if we give them a grant , if we give them a scholarship , if we give them a student loan . And what is the record on payment on student loans ? Not very good . A lot of them walk away . ”
OK , that 's a fair statement . But then Paul displayed his rigid ideological agenda : “
Advertisement :
There is also the principle of it . Why should the Federal Government be involved in this educational process ? And besides , the other question is , if we give scholarships and low-interest loans to people who go to college , what we are doing is making the people who do not get to go to college pay for that education , which to me does not seem fair . It seems like that the advantage goes to the individual who gets to go to college , and the people who do not get to go to college should not have to subsidize them. ” [ My emphasis ]
That 's straight out of Ayn Rand—the view that aid to one segment of society “ loots ” other segments of society . Thus government-sponsored low-interest loans and scholarships are a form of theft .
Paul again channeled Rand on July 20 , 1998 . Explaining his opposition to a child nutrition and WIC plan reauthorization bill , he attacked the “ flawed redistributionist , welfare state model that lies behind this bill. ” Then he launched into another monologue :
Advertisement :
“ Providing for the care of the poor is a moral responsibility of every citizen , ” he said . “ However , it is not a proper function of the Federal Government to plunder ” —that 's straight out of Rand— “ one group of citizens and redistribute those funds to another group of citizens . Nowhere in the United States Constitution is the Federal Government authorized to provide welfare services . If any government must provide welfare services , it should be State and local governments . However , the most humane and efficient way to provide charitable services are through private efforts . “
Humane and efficient for whom , I wonder ? Certainly not the poor , who would be transported back in time to the 19th Century . Note the ideological consistency . He 's often praised for that , and I 've never understood why . What we see here is a rigid worldview , a person unwilling to adapt to reality , no matter how much his ideology might hurt people less fortunate than himself .
It goes on and on like that—the opposition to social programs to benefit the poor on “ constitutional ” grounds ; the monotonous references to “ fiat money ” as causing the Asian financial crisis of 1998 . Paul was rightly critical of that year 's Fed-sponsored bailout of Long-Term Financial Management , the hedge fund whose reckless bets almost brought down the entire financial system , in a precursor to the 2008-2009 financial crisis . But Paul is not concerned in the least about the regulatory neglect that allowed LTCM ( and later would allow the major banks ) to spin out of control . His sole focus is the Federal Reserve , which he would like to end , and the gold standard , which he would like to reinstate .
Advertisement :
Although his backers—including some progressives—contend that Paul is an opponent of the “ big banks ” and former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan , in fact no member of Congress , and no Wall Street executive , was and is more virulent in his opposition to financial regulation than Ron Paul . Yes , Paul was critical of Greenspan—because of his approach to monetary policy . On deregulation , they were soul mates .
In a floor speech on April 16 , 1997 , opposing pro-consumer legislation concerning private mortgage insurance , Paul said : “ Just this past weekend , Alan Greenspan explained why consumers are often better served by private market regulations rather than government intervention . He said that , quote : Government regulation can undermine the effectiveness of private market regulation and can itself be ineffective in protecting the public interest . ''
`` With this , I concur , '' Paul said . By the way , what Paul calls `` private market regulation '' is shorthand for “ no regulation . ”
Paul 's views are rooted in the narrow , Randian view of liberty as extending only to the person , not to groups of people . That sounds elegant until you realize what it means : no consumer legislation , no civil rights legislation , including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , and , as was a hot topic in 1998 , no hate-crime legislation .
Advertisement :
His foreign policy views do n't salvage him . Some on the left conflate his 1930s-style , right-wing isolationism with their opposition to the “ American empire. ” Pretty much everything that Paul has to say about America 's role in the world could have , and did , come from Charles Lindbergh at America First rallies . Or Robert Taft , the New Deal foe and leading isolationist of the pre-war era , whom Paul cited by name in a speech to his supporters Tuesday night . Paul 's isolationism is the isolationism of Ayn Rand , who , like Lindbergh and Taft—and Paul—opposed U.S. participation in World War II . Like Paul , she was opposed to the United Nations—and yes , also opposed the Vietnam War , the military draft , and the war on drugs .
Those positions—also consistent , also heartfelt , also at variance with the Republican Party of her time—made Rand popular among many young people in the 1960s and 1970s . But her other views , which included opposition to the Civil Right Act of 1964 for the identical reasons articulated by Paul , made her toxic , isolated , marginalized—very much as was Ron Paul , until his recent surge in popularity .
Would the anti-interventionist , anti-draft , anti-anti-drug-war Rand be attractive to progressives if she were alive today ? I think she might , and that 's why I think it 's important to be aware of the principles your political bedfellow truly stands for . You might not feel so great when the beer goggles wear off .
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump reacted to Hillary Clinton 's health issues by saying Monday : “ I hope she gets well soon . I do n't know what 's going on . ”
Trump was silent on Sunday as news broke that the Democratic presidential nominee passed out and was rushed out of a 9-11 memorial service in New York . Her campaign later said Clinton , who has had a noticeable persistent cough on the campaign trail , had been diagnosed with pneumonia days earlier but had not disclosed it .
Asked for his response to the episode during a Monday morning appearance on Fox and Friends , Trump said : “ The coughing fit was a week ago , so I assume that was pneumonia also . … I just hope she gets well and gets back on the trail , and we 'll be seeing her at the debate . ”
Trump dismissed the possibility that the Democratic Party would replace Clinton on the ticket due to health concerns . “ No , I do n't think they 'll replace her . … We have to see what 's wrong . I mean , we have to see what 's wrong . But whatever it is , I 'm ready . Whatever it is , ” he said .
Follow Alex on Twitter
President Obama defended his administration 's unprecedented use of armed drones on Monday during a “ virtual interview ” that was conducted via Google+ and YouTube . He also acknowledged the United States was carrying out drone strikes inside Pakistan . Obama made the comment after he was asked how he feels about the large number of civilians killed by drones since he took office .
President Obama : “ I want to make sure the people understand actually drones have not caused a huge number of civilian casualties . For the most part , they have been very precise precision strikes against al-Qaeda and their affiliates . And we are very careful in terms of how it 's been applied . So I think that there 's this perception somehow that we 're just sending in a whole bunch of strikes willy-nilly . This is a targeted , focused effort at people who are on a list of active terrorists who are trying to go in and harm Americans , hit American facilities , American bases and so on . It is important for everybody to understand that this thing is kept on a very tight leash . ”
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism reported in August that U.S. drones strikes had killed between about 400 and 800 civilians , including 175 children . The Bureau put the total number of people killed by drones as high as 3,000 .
“ The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots . Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer , which the NRA wants to make easier to get , ” Hillary Clinton tweeted .
“ Our grief is n't enough . We can and must put politics aside , stand up to the NRA , and work together to try to stop this from happening again , ” she added .
The horrific mass shooting in Las Vegas began around 10 p.m. local time , or 1 a.m. EST . Eight hours later , Clinton dropped her tweets .
And she was n't the only one to quickly promote gun control in light of the terrible news about the shooting , which has left at least 58 dead and another 500 wounded .
While the facts are still entirely unsettled as of this writing , that did n't stop gun control activists from immediately jumping to conclusions or answers on how to fix everything .
And while too little is known about the Las Vegas shooting to make judgments about what could or could not have prevented it , the reality is that gun ownership does not lead to more crime in the United States .
Yet , in the chaotic wake of the horrific mass shooting , proponents of gun control quickly turned the event to fit their agenda .
For instance , Sen. Chris Murphy , D-Conn. , accused those who did n't act on shootings of “ cowardice . ”
To my colleagues : your cowardice to act can not be whitewashed by thoughts and prayers . None of these ends unless we do something to stop it . — Chris Murphy ( @ ChrisMurphyCT ) October 2 , 2017
Other lawmakers on the left weighed in as well :
It is long past time for Congress to take action on gun safety to save innocent lives . — Bernie Sanders ( @ SenSanders ) October 2 , 2017
Tragedies like Las Vegas have happened too many times . We need to have the conversation about how to stop gun violence . We need it NOW . — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) October 2 , 2017
Let 's close the gun show loophole . — Ed Markey ( @ SenMarkey ) October 2 , 2017
And there were numerous other hot takes from nonelected politicos and celebrities that veered into various levels of blaming gun rights supporters for allowing events like Las Vegas to happen .
Shooter is a white , 60+ male , armed to the teeth thanks to the NRA . Not a muslim terrorist or undocumented inmigrant . Who will Trump blame ? pic.twitter.com/Er08TypiGK — Luis Carlos Vélez ( @ lcvelez ) October 2 , 2017
The @ NRA was one of the largest donors to @ realDonaldTrump 's campaign . They expect to get what they paid for . This admin will not do anything to prevent further violence . # LasVegas — Sophie Ellman-Golan ( @ EgSophie ) October 2 , 2017
Prayers are important but @ SpeakerRyan @ realDonaldTrump blood is on the hands of those who have power to legislate . # GunControl act quickly . https : //t.co/bXZQ7enuEp — xoxo , Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) October 2 , 2017
Durn tootin ' , great shootin ' . Cool dude sertin ' he 's 2nd Mendment rahts . Hell yeah !
Every country has its psychopaths . In US they have guns — Richard Dawkins ( @ RichardDawkins ) October 2 , 2017
The NRA stokes fear to achieve political ends , relentlessly works to put weapons of mass destruction in the hands of individuals . Terrorism . https : //t.co/zlDNrFmFMY — Michael Ian Black ( @ michaelianblack ) October 2 , 2017
And all of this before even the most basic facts have been ascertained . The Associated Press reported that ISIS claimed responsibility for the shooting , but the FBI says there is no connection . The details of the case are simply a confusing mess and it is difficult to ascertain the shooter 's motives , how he acquired the firearm ( s ) , or even what firearm ( s ) he used to conduct the attack .
While it is unwise to draw too many conclusions about what happened in Las Vegas , in the face of the relentless assault on gun rights and misinformation it is important to note some false narratives that have been spread in the last 24 hours .
Take Clinton 's claim about silencers . She was immediately denounced for this statement as being “ ignorant ” of how suppressors work . Even a Washington Post reporter wrote that the debate over silencers “ is n't really relevant ” to what happened in Las Vegas .
And both The Washington Post 's fact-checker Glenn Kessler and conservative pundit Dana Loesch pushed back on Clinton 's claim :
Actually , even with `` a silencer , '' it 's pretty loud . An AR-15 rifle would have a noise equivalent to a jack hammer . https : //t.co/rL1YFuAB5b https : //t.co/YE9smBZqGG — Glenn Kessler ( @ GlennKesslerWP ) October 2 , 2017
Suppressors only reduce by a few decibels , still same decibel level as a jackhammer . https : //t.co/aj0AvJMZwv — Dana Loesch ( @ DLoesch ) October 2 , 2017
A study released earlier this year by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives found that while there were 1.3 million registered suppressors in the country last year , there were only 44 suppressor-related crimes recommended for prosecution .
The details about the weapons the shooter used are still not clear , but some have called for a ban on automatic weapons—basically machine guns—on top of other gun control measures .
However , federal laws dating back to the 1930s already on the books strictly regulate the sale and purchase of these kinds of firearms .
Sean Davis at The Federalist did an excellent job of explaining how tightly controlled automatic weapon sales are in the United States :
Only licensed entities are permitted to manufacture , sell , or own [ fully automatic weapons ] . Private civilian ownership of machine guns is illegal unless the individual has been explicitly permitted by the federal ATF to own them . All fully automatic weapons must be registered with the federal government in a central registry with no exceptions .
There is also a tax on these items—and they 're not cheap since only weapons produced before 1986 are allowed to be sold .
Of course , with the right tools and skills , it is still possible to create a fully automatic weapon , which some experts say may have been what the Las Vegas shooter did to carry out his murders .
Nevertheless , these weapons are incredibly difficult to obtain .
The events that took place in Las Vegas on Sunday night were an atrocity . But it must be noted that wicked individuals have found ways to conduct mass murder and terrorism through a variety of means both legal and illegal : guns , knives , acid , planes , and trucks .
The list goes on and on .
As numerous studies have shown , gun ownership is not necessarily connected to crime rates , and in fact may make crime go down . A 2016 report from the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action noted that :
As gun ownership has risen to an all-time high , the nation 's total violent crime rate has fallen to a 44-year low and the murder rate has fallen to an all-time low . Since 1991 , when violent crime hit an all-time high , the nation 's violent crime rate and its murder rate have decreased by more than half , as Americans have acquired over 170 million new guns , roughly doubling the number of privately owned guns in the United States .
Furthermore , concealed carry permit holders are among the most law-abiding of any demographic group in America .
For these reasons and many others , gun control has fizzled as an issue even as its proponents continue to push the narrative .
The fact is , a majority of Americans just do n't see gun control as the answer to crime , violence , and terrorism .
As Gov . Matt Bevin , R-Ky. , put it on Twitter , we live in a fallen world and ultimately ca n't regulate evil .
To all those political opportunists who are seizing on the tragedy in Las Vegas to call for more gun regs…You ca n't regulate evil… — Governor Matt Bevin ( @ GovMattBevin ) October 2 , 2017
Sometimes , in the face of horror , there are no policies or prescriptions that apply besides the courage and sacrifice of those who are good .
Complaints that the surveillance state has become too large and unwieldy are common in the United States . Thanks to exports from the U.S. and some of its allies , Colombian citizens are feeling the same way , but with deadlier consequences .
A handful of companies based in Italy , Israel , the United Kingdom , New Zealand and the U.S. have sold surveillance technology to authorities in Colombia , according to research published this month by the UK-based Privacy International . The technology enables Colombian law enforcement and intelligence agencies to engage in surveillance activities similar to those conducted by the National Security Agency in the U.S .
The technology allows Colombian police to do things such as hack electronic devices unbeknownst to users , install offensive malware that allow for remote access and control , and harvest telephone data en masse . Like the U.S. , Colombian law does n't necessarily allow for such surveillance to take place . `` This type of mass , automated surveillance is not explicitly authorized under Colombian law , '' the researchers note .
In some cases , the public has yet to understand what some of the technology does . One tool sold mirrors the `` Stingray '' program used in the U.S , a tool contracted to local law enforcement by the Federal Bureau of Investigation . It works by indiscriminately capturing all telephone data , including conversations , of all the people in a given area . It is used when law enforcement is trying to find a specific target , but allows them to spy on hundreds or even thousands of people in the process .
The government 's disregard for the law does n't end with respect to surveillance , the researchers note . `` Accounts of the illegal interception of private communications pervade accounts of extrajudicial disappearances and killings , '' they state .
In 2007 , 11 police generals were dismissed `` following revelations that the agency had tapped the phone lines of influential opposition politicians , journalists , lawyers and activists . '' In some cases , government agencies spy on each other ; it was alleged in 2014 that the Colombian Army was spying on a government negotiating team .
Colombia has been filled with strife for decades . Civil conflict has resulted in more than 200,000 dead and a litany of human rights violations .
Without the surveillance technology imports from Western countries , the researchers emphasize , none of that would be possible , noting , `` With a few exceptions , Colombian companies do not produce the equipment necessary for network surveillance domestically . ''
Companies that have sold the technology to Colombia include the U.S.-based Pen-Link . Two more , Verint Systems and NICE Systems , have offices in the U.S. and Israel . Two additional companies are headquartered in the UK , while Italy and New Zealand each have one exporter .
`` No more than a handful of individuals within the industry appear to have adequately considered the human rights impacts of their businesses , '' the authors say . They also write that governments should take `` respect for international human rights standards '' into account in the oversight of surveillance technology exports .
In the meantime , they conclude , `` the specter of illegal interception of communications and the abuses of surveillance laws still hangs over the Colombian state . ''
This article appears in the Sept. 8 edition of the Washington Examiner magazine .
Mark Hass
Sen. Mark Hass , D-Beaverton , rose to the challenge of figuring out a way to bring the `` Game of Thrones '' into legislative debate .
( Michael Lloyd/The Oregonian )
State Sen. Mark Hass is a huge `` Game of Thrones '' fan -- he 's even read the books -- so he could n't resist rising to the challenge of working the hit HBO show into his speeches at the Oregon Legislature .
And so it came to pass , over the course of the session , that the Beaverton Democrat peppered his utterances with some now-classic Ned Stark quotes . For the uninitiated , Stark is kind of the moral center of the series , despite ( or maybe because of ) his beheading in the first season .
Some of it was pretty easy , such as his quip during a meeting last December that `` winter is coming . '' But it was tougher working in this quote : `` You will marry a high lord and rule his castle . And your sons will be knights and princes and lords . ''
Hass found a way and -- spoiler alert -- it produced a great unscripted response from Senate President Peter Courtney , D-Salem .
Hass and his aides produced a video for Suk Rhee , a vice president at the Northwest Health Foundation who last year bet Hass he could n't work some `` Game '' quotes into legislative debate .
`` I 'm amazed at the the similarities in `` Game of Thrones '' and the real world of politics , '' said Hass , adding drily that Oregon politics are a `` tad less violent . ''
Here 's his video :
-- Jeff Mapes
503-221-8209
@ Jeffmapes
It has been quite a turnaround for SpiceJet . In December 2014 the low-cost Indian airline was on the brink of collapse following five consecutive years in the red ( culminating in an annual loss of $ 159m - £122m - for that year ) . It was even forced to cancel more than 2,000 flights because it had n't paid its bills and oil companies were refusing refuel its planes .
Since that nadir , however , it 's stock has risen more than 800 per cent , giving it a market value of $ 1.2 billion ( £0.9bn ) . According to Bloomberg , no airline on the planet is performing so strongly . And this week , after it had announced an order for 100 Boeing aircraft , SpiceJet earned praise from none other than Donald Trump , who thanked it for safeguarding US jobs .
So what went right ?
Bloomberg highlighted the good work of “ white knight ” chairman Ajay Singh for “ cutting loss-making routes and aggressively adding capacity in one of the world 's fastest growing markets ” .
The fact that oil prices have remained low for the last few years has helped , of course . Indeed , airlines around the world have never had it so good . Ryanair recently announced a pre-tax annual profit of €1.3bn ( £1.1bn ) . Even the parent company of British Airways , IAG , recorded operating profits of €170m ( £144.6m ) for the first three months of 2017 – and that 's despite a succession of controversies for the UK airline .
How big is SpiceJet now ?
It 's still relatively small , with a fleet of just over 50 aircraft , mostly Boeing 737-700s , 737-800s ( the model favoured by Ryanair ) , and 737 MAX 8s , but with a few smaller Bombardier Dash 8s thrown in for good measure . It handled around 14 million last year , up from 11.7 million in 2015 .
That 's small fry compared to the world 's biggest low-cost airlines .
But it 's growing fast
The fresh order for 100 Boeing jets that had Trump purring means SpiceJet is now waiting on 142 Boeing 737 MAX 8s . The first will be delivered next summer . So expect the carrier to be a fixture for some time yet .
SpiceJet is now waiting on 142 Boeing 737 MAX 8s
The potential for growth in India really is staggering . The country 's population stands at at more than 1.32 billion , and it is projected to overtake China ( which has 1.38 billion residents ) by 2022 . Airlines have been rushing to cater to its growing middle class , and a clutch of carriers has been established in the last decade or so ( many more launched but have since failed ) . The most successful has been IndiGo , which in 11 years has gone from start-up to low-cost behemoth , with 138 jets , 46 destinations and more than 41 million annual passengers . But there are others that will have you scratching your head .
Where does SpiceJet fly ?
If you 've never heard of SpiceJet , it 's probably because their route map does n't extend far beyond India . They send planes to 39 domestic airports ( including Ahmedabad , Goa , Bangalore , Mumbai , Delhi , Amritsar , Jaipur , Jodhpur , Udaipur , Chennai , Varanasi and Kolkata - just about everywhere , really ) , but only a few international ones ( such as Dhaka , Malé , Muscat , Colombo , Bangkok and Dubai ) .
You can fly to Udaipur with SpiceJet Credit : © 2012 Dmitry Rukhlenko/Dmitry Rukhlenko
So is it any good ?
The Telegraph 's Caroline Leaper described it as the “ easyJet of India ” .
“ We flew with SpiceJet on two occasions in March , travelling from New Delhi to Varanasi and then from Varanasi to Hyderabad as part of a two-week trip around India , ” she added . “ It was as cheap , easy to book , and clean as any of the big budget airlines in Europe - but perhaps with better service . ”
Skytrax , which ranks airlines and airports around the world based on traveller reviews , reckons it 's only the 20th best low-cost carrier on the planet , however , with an average customer rating of 5/10 .
The best low-cost carriers , according to Skytrax
AirAsia Norwegian jetBlue Airways easyJet Virgin America Jetstar Airways AirAsiaX Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras Southwest Airlines Indigo WestJet Scoot Jetstar Asia Eurowings Ryanair Vueling Airlines Tigerair Peach Air Canada rouge SpiceJet
What else can you tell me ?
Its company slogans are “ Flying for everyone ” and ( presumably for adverts that air after the watershed ) “ Red . Hot . Spicy ” .
Its headquarters are in Gurgaon , 20 miles south of New Delhi . It 's a rapidly expanding city with the third highest per capita income in India .
Yoga at 35,000 ft. ? It 's possible with SpiceMax - the best seat in the sky ! Book SpiceMax & get room for Yoga . # InternationalDayOfYoga pic.twitter.com/ywbRmzeyqk — SpiceJet ( @ flyspicejet ) June 21 , 2017
While it is a low-cost airline , passenger can opt for “ SpiceMax ” , whereby they pay a little extra for more legroom and a meal . There is no in-flight entertainment on board , however .
Its food gets a rating of 8.4 on the website In-flight Feed . It even offers cakes for those celebrating a special occasion .
Carlos Muñoz Portal , a location scout for the Netflix show `` Narcos , '' was found shot to death while looking for locations for the show in Mexico , according to local media reports .
According to Variety , Muñoz Portal , 37 , worked for the Mexico City-based production company Redrum . According to IMDB , he worked as a location scout for `` Mozart In the Jungle , '' `` Spectre , '' `` Fast & Furious '' and `` The Legend of Zorro . ''
Netflix issued a statement saying they were `` aware of the passing of Carlos Muñoz Portal , a well-respected location scout , and send our condolences to his family . The facts surrounding his death are still unknown as authorities continue to investigate . ''
The Deadliest Assignment : Where reporting can get you killed
The circumstances around his death are still unclear . According to Mexican newspaper El Pais , his bullet-ridden vehicle was found in the rural area of the state of Temascalapa , near the border with Hidalgo . The U.S. issued a travel advisory in August for citizens to avoid non-essential travel in the state of Mexico , where Temascalapa is located .
A friend told El Pais that Muñoz Portal could have been followed because of his camera . As El Pais reports , many film scouts are freelance and armed only with a camera .
Mexico has been plagued by reports of violence on film sets before , particularly involving drug cartels . And in 2016 , the crew of a Alfonso Cuarón film was assaulted and robbed while in downtown Mexico City .
Similarily , Mexico has become one of the most dangerous places in the world for journalists . In August , freelance journalist Luis Chaparro told `` CBSN : On Assignment '' that `` every journalist in Mexico is a target now . ''
Surrey Docks Farm have found a new home for the eight-week-old oinker .
A traumatised piglet which was rescued by Surrey Docks Farm after pranksters left it outside 10 Downing Street has been offered a new home .
As reported first on our website , the eight-week-old potbelly pig was left outside the Prime Minister 's residence by YouTube jokers Trollstation as “ a delivery for David Cameron . ”
Officers took the terrified piglet to Charing Cross police station , where they gave it a pear , some water and hi-vis jackets to snuggle up in , before calling the farm to ask for help .
The prank took place just days after it was alleged that Britain 's leader had put a “ private part of his anatomy ” into a dead pig 's mouth as part of a university initiation stunt .
In the video , two fake delivery men are shown arriving at the gates of 10 Downing Street and approaching the security team .
“ We 've got a delivery for David Cameron , ” said one of the men . “ It 's from the Bullingdon Club . They said if he ca n't keep a secret , he 's no longer in the club . ”
They then take the clearly distressed and squealing pig out of its cage , telling it “ come on , you 're going to your daddy . ”
The video has been watched over 275,000 times since it was posted online last week but has been criticised by farm staff as animal cruelty .
After taking in the pig last week , Claire Elson , livestock manager at Surrey Docks Farm , told the News : “ They 've not thought about how this is going to affect the poor little piglet . This is its first experience of the outside world and it has been dragged over Downing Street and into Charing Cross police station .
“ Piglets are normally so friendly and curious , but it is so stressed after its first real contact with people . ”
But thankfully there was yet another twist in the tail .
After the farm appealed to Newsreaders for help , an anonymous person came forward and offered to take in and care for the pig permanently – something the farm was unable to do due to its status as a working farm and the animal 's unknown background .
A delighted Claire said : “ The person who has come forward has experience and will be able to offer a good home . The pig will be staying with us for just a bit longer , as we 've had to keep him in quarantine for 21 days due to the risk of infection .
“ However he is doing great now . It 's still a bit wary , but it 's getting used to people . It has even starting to waggle its tail when it sees me . ”
READ OUR EDITORIAL ON THE PRANK HERE
National Park Service , via Associated Press
Yosemite National Park plans to reduce the number of permits it issues to hikers seeking to climb Half Dome peak , one of its most popular destinations , because of safety concerns . The move comes as a result of the park 's own environmental assessment , which also suggests that the park consider removing cables that allow relatively inexperienced climbers access to the summit .
The park is reducing the 400 permits it issues daily to 300 in 2013 . Partly because of the cables , which were installed in 1919 , tens of thousands of hikers climb the steep slope each year , leading to gridlock and safety issues , some of which have resulted in five deaths and a number of injuries in recent years , said Scott Gediman , a spokesman for Yosemite .
The environmental assessment suggested additional options , including reducing the number of permits to 120 or removing the cables altogether . Yosemite will monitor the situation and seek public feedback before taking a step like that .
Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos .
Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming watchOS 4 update to developers for testing purposes , four days after releasing the third watchOS 4.1 beta and a month after releasing the new watchOS 4 operating system to the public.Once the proper configuration profile has been installed from the Apple Developer Center , the new watchOS 4 beta can be downloaded through the dedicated Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General -- > Software update.To install the update , the Apple Watch needs to have at least 50 percent battery , it must be placed on the charger , and it has to be in range of the iPhone.watchOS 4.1 brings support for streaming Apple Music content directly to the Apple Watch Series 3 over LTE and it introduces a new Radio app with access to Beats 1 and other Apple Music radio stations.The Music app on the watch looks the same , offering up access to the Music Library , recently played songs , playlists , and Apple Music mixes , but now all Apple Music content can be streamed over an LTE connection and does n't need to be downloaded to the device . watchOS 4.1 also adds a new Wi-Fi toggle for turning off Wi-Fi to force the Apple Watch Series 3 to use LTE and it displays the Wi-Fi SSID so users can see the Wi-Fi Network an Apple Watch is connected to.Support for Apple Music streaming appears to be the main feature in the new watchOS 4.1 update , but Apple is also introducing a range of new Unicode 10 emoji characters that include vomiting face , head exploding , mermaid , zombie , hedgehog , fairy , broccoli , and more.Apple says the watchOS 4 update addresses a serious vulnerability in the WPA2 Wi-Fi standard that protects many modern Wi-Fi networks.watchOS 4 is a significant refresh of the watchOS operating system introducing new watch faces , including a personalized Siri face , improvements to the Workout app , support for integration with gym equipment , an Apple News app , a vertical Dock , and a new Flashlight feature in the Control Center.For more on what 's included in watchOS 4 , check out our watchOS 4 roundup
A student is suing a New York City drama school in federal court after the college suspended him for having what he claims was an entirely consensual threesome .
According to the New York Post , the lawsuit alleges the American Musical and Dramatic Academy told the plaintiff that he could not return for two semesters after the sexual encounter . The school also suspended a second male participant in the threesome .
The plaintiff , referred to as John Doe in court documents , is suing for damages .
Taking it to court : A student is suing New York City 's American Musical and Dramatic Academy after the college suspended him for having a consensual threesome ( stock image )
According to court papers , which were filed in federal court in Manhattan , John Doe and a woman referred to as Jane Doe met during their freshman year at the drama school , which is located near Lincoln Center on Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
After Jane said she wanted to have a threesome , the duo invited a second young man , referred to as Richard Doe , to join them in bed .
It seems , however , that although Jane may have initiated the ménage a trois , she expressed regret about the decision - and the act - afterward .
In fact , both of the young men have a recording of the woman admitting that she may have bitten off more than she could chew by participating in the experimental sex session .
‘ It was just a lot to handle . . . Both of you guys at one time , ' she allegedly said . ‘ I mean damn . Maybe another time , but at different times . '
Unfortunately , Jane also decided to complain to the school , which then investigated the incident .
They accused both of the men of violating the school 's sexual misconduct policy , and suspended each of them for two semesters . The men were also ordered to complete ‘ sex-violence training ' as well as write an essay .
However , when John appealed the decision , the school changed its mind , finding that he did n't actually violate its sexual misconduct policy . Instead , though , administrators charged him with violating the school 's ‘ basic rules of conduct ' .
These unique and very scarce Sailor specialty nibs are inspired by the art of Japanese brush painting and are part of Sailor 's exclusive Bespoke collection . We have just a few of these remarkable handcrafted nibs in stock and available for immediate order . No other pen company makes anything like these innovative nibs .
Please note that due to high demand , Sailor has suspended new orders for all specialty nibs . We have a very small number of existing Sailor specialty nibs still in stock , after which no more will be available . See individual pen models for specialty nib choices still available on that pen . If you have considered purchasing a pen with a Sailor specialty nib , we strongly recommend you place your order now .
1911 Full-Size , Pro Gear , and Susutake
Name of Nib ( writing sample ) Description of Nib Naginata Togi Naginata Togi
Provides variable line width depending on the angle of the pen to the paper - the lower the angle , the broader the line . Available in Medium , Medium-Fine , and Broad * Also available in rhodium plating . A Zoom nib customized to Architect 's Point can provide a very similar writing experience . Naginata Concord
Fine writing strokes in normal position and bold calligraphic strokes with use in upside-down position . The writing angle off of the paper changes the line width . Also available in rhodium plating . Naginata Fude de Mannen
Bold calligraphic strokes in normal use depending upon writing angle off of the paper and finer strokes with use in the upside-down position . Not currently available . Naginata Sai-bi Togi Naginata Sai-bi Togi
This Super Extra Fine nib is currently available only on Rhodium Trim pens . If you would like any other pen to have a nib comparable to this in tipping size , please request a custom regrind to Super Extra Fine when ordering . Naginata Togi Emperor Naginata Togi Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir . Available in Medium , Medium-Fine , and Broad . Also available in rhodium plating . Not currently available . Naginata Concord Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . See Concord nib above . Also available in rhodium plating . Not currently available . Naginata Cross Concord
Double layered nib with unique cross point design on the tipping provides broad calligraphic stroke in the upside-down position . This is a juicy nib . Naginata Cross Point Naginata Cross Point
Double layered nib with unique Cross point design on the tipping provides a very juicy broad horizontal stroke and a fine tip in the upside-down position . Naginata Cross Music
Double layered nib with unique cross point on the tipping . This point is even broader than the Cross Point above . See the range of marks available to the left.This is the `` architect 's nib '' with a very narrow down-stroke and an extra-broad cross-stroke . Not currently available . Naginata Cross Concord Emperor Naginata Cross Concord Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . See Cross Concord above . Not currently available . Naginata Cross Emperor Naginata Cross Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . See Cross nib above . Not currently available . Naginata Cross Music Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . See Cross Music above . This is the `` architect 's nib '' with a very narrow down-stroke and an extra-broad cross-stroke . Not currently available . Nagahara King Eagle
The joining of three nibs on top of one another , slit to produce the double Cross creates the ultimate in flexible writing , making broad , medium , and fine writing . Not currently available . Nagahara King Eagle Emperor Nagahara King Eagle Emperor
Addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . Not currently available . Nagahara King Cobra
This nib writes in a variety of extremely broad strokes ( up to 6B ) and is only suited to longer pen barrels . It lays down a variety of very wet marks . Note that the extra tines are on the underside of this nib , unlike the rest of the cross and Eagle nibs . Not currently available . Nagahara King Cobra Emperor Nagahara King Cobra Emperor
The addition of the solid gold Emperor tab over the top of the nib provides additional ink reservoir for constant smooth writing and ink flow . See the King Cobra above . Not currently available .
The nibs listed above are available in most 1911 Full Size , Pro Gear , and Susutake series pens .
King of Pen Name of Nib ( writing sample ) Description of Nib Naginata Togi Naginata Togi
Provides variable line width depending on the angle of the pen to the paper - the lower the angle , the broader the line . Available in Medium-Fine , Medium , and Broad * . Nagahara Cross Point Nagahara Cross Point
Double layered nib with unique Cross point design on the tipping provides a very juicy broad horizontal stroke and a fine tip in the upside-down position . Nagahara King Eagle nib Nagahara King Eagle
The joining of three nibs on top of one another , slit to produce the double Cross creates the ultimate in flexible writing , making broad , medium , and fine writing . This is a very juicy nib . Not currently available .
The nibs listed above are available in most King of Pen series pens .
1911 Mid-Size and Sapporo Series
Name of Nib ( writing sample ) Description of Nib Naginata Togi Naginata Togi
Provides variable line width depending on the angle of the pen to the paper - the lower the angle , the broader the line . Available in Medium-Fine , Medium , and Broad . Naginata Sai-bi Togi Naginata Sai-bi Togi
This Super Extra Fine nib is currently available only on the Pro Gear Slim Pearl Red . If you would like any other pen to have a nib comparable to this in tipping size , please request a custom regrind to Super Extra Fine when ordering .
Naginata-Togi Samples and Measurements
Because these are hand-crafted nibs , there is some variability in both the size and shape of the tipping points . Below are representative measurements for Naginata-Togi nibs in Medium-Fine , Medium , and Broad that can be useful for reference purposes :
Naginata-Togi Medium-Fine Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) .4mm .6mm Sailor Stock Medium-Fine Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) .36mm .36mm Naginata-Togi Medium Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) ​ .55mm .65mm Sailor Stock Medium Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) .50mm .50mm Naginata-Togi Broad Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) ​ .6mm .8mm Sailor Stock Broad Widest Down-stroke Widest Cross-Stroke ( at lowest angle ) ​ .60mm .60mm
For a comparison of tipping sizes of all the different manufacturers we carry click here .
Footage of a smiling Mr Ahmadinejad accompanying Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei to the electoral registry was broadcast on State television on Saturday .
In an off-guard moment , the Iranian president was caught apparently muttering to his aid and confidant that if questions were raised as to why he had accompanied him to the electoral registry , `` tell them I 'm on a day off work '' .
The Guardian Council complained about the president 's conduct on Sunday . Iran 's constitutional watchdog has said it might seek charges against Mr Ahmadinejad .
The Council 's members said that public fund rules were broken when Mr Ahmadinejad accompanied Mr Mashaei to the election registration office .
Mr Ahmadinejad , who is constitutionally forbidden from running for a third term , has pushed hard for Mr Mashaei to succeed him when the country heads to the polls on June 14th in a campaign his opponents claim has been funded with public money . The men have a close political bond , cemented by the marriage of their children .
However , Mr Ahmadinejad 's long-standing feud with Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the ruling clerics is working against the presidential hopeful and undoubtedly played a role in Sunday 's complaint against him .
Mr Mashaei , who announced his intention to run for the presidency on 11 May , has been accused of the Ayatollah 's allies of seeking to undermine Islamic rule and criticised for his `` deviant '' tendencies .
Mr Mashaei , described as a `` religious-nationalist '' , has outraged Iranian Islamic conservatives with his nationalistic and allegedly pro-Israel position . He once stated that Iranians are `` friends of all people in the world – even Israelis '' .
The cards for the June 14 elections have so far been stacked heavily in favour of candidates allied with the Ayatollah . Among the current favourites are Mohammad Bagher Qalibaf , the mayor of Tehran and former police chief , and Ali Akbar Velayati , a senior adviser to the Supreme Leader .
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who was president for eight years between 1989 and 1997 , has also launched his bid for a political comeback at the age of 78 .
Rounded Corners in OpenSCAD
roundedcube.scad
This OpenSCAD module allows you to create a cube object with rounded corners . The syntax is very similar to the native cube ( ) primitive solid function syntax , so at the simplest level you can just switch out `` cube '' for `` roundedcube '' .
It is compatible with the 2015+ builds of OpenSCAD . Older versions may or may not be compatible with the line that detects whether the size argument is likely an integer or [ x , y , z ] vector . That line can be removed , but then you would always need to pass a vector .
If you have ideas for optimizations or code improvements , please , fork the gist and push updates or Telegram me @ groovenectar with suggestions or comments : )
Download
Right-click and `` Save As ... '' or click to view : roundedcube.scad ( 1.8 kB )
Usage
// An [ x , y , z ] vector specifies distance on each axis . Default [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] size = [ 2 , 3 , 5 ] ; // An integer creates a cube with specified wall distance . Default [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] size = 5 ; // Whether or not to place the object centered on the origin . Default false center = true|false ; // Specify a rounding radius . Default 0.5 radius = 0.5 // Specify where to apply the rounded corners . Default `` all '' apply_to = `` all '' | '' x '' | '' y '' | '' z '' | '' zmax '' | '' zmin '' | '' xmax '' | '' xmin '' | '' ymax '' | '' ymin '' roundedcube ( size , center , radius , apply_to ) ;
Examples and Output :
color ( `` Yellow '' ) roundedcube ( 3 , true , 0.7 , `` xmin '' ) ; translate ( v = [ 1 , 0 , 2 ] ) color ( `` Pink '' ) roundedcube ( [ 4 , 2 , 2 ] , false , 0.6 , `` zmax '' ) ; translate ( v = [ -4 , -1 , 2 ] ) color ( `` Lightblue '' ) roundedcube ( 2 , false ) ; translate ( v = [ 0 , 0 , 6 ] ) color ( `` Orange '' ) roundedcube ( [ 3 , 2 , 2 ] , true , 0.2 ) ; translate ( v = [ 2.5 , -0.5 , 5 ] ) color ( `` Green '' ) roundedcube ( [ 3 , 2 , 2 ] , false , 0.4 , `` z '' ) ;
Module Code
If you do n't care about being able to apply the rounding to individual sides , and always want the whole box rounded , then you might be better off with roundedcube_simple.scad . It 's generally faster than the roundedcube.scad module above , simplier , but less flexible .
Back to DanielUpshaw.com
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump 's battles with Obamacare - in his own words
US President Donald Trump says he will turn to tax reform , following his failure to get his healthcare bill through Congress on Friday .
The draft bill would have scrapped the Affordable Care Act of his predecessor Barack Obama , which was opposed by Mr Trump 's Republican party for years .
Obamacare requires all Americans to have health insurance but offers subsidies to people on low incomes .
Mr Trump 's bill was withdrawn because of a lack of support from Republicans .
They control both houses of Congress , and the withdrawal is a major setback for the new president .
Mr Trump campaigned on his skills as a dealmaker .
`` I would say that we will probably start going very , very strong for the big tax cuts and tax reform . That will be next , '' Mr Trump told reporters at the White House .
However , the tax cuts were supposed to be paid for by savings from the withdrawn healthcare bill .
Without the spending cuts in the failed bill , any tax cuts will add to the federal budget deficit .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The failure is also a setback for Speaker Paul Ryan
Mr Trump lashed out at Democrats in Congress after the bill was withdrawn , blaming the opposition party for not backing his legislation .
But it was House Republicans who ensured it was shelved , after Speaker Paul Ryan decided he could not get enough backing from his own party .
`` Doing big things is hard , '' Mr Ryan said .
The president refrained from criticising Mr Ryan , whose job as speaker of the House involves rallying support for controversial bills .
`` We learned about loyalty ; we learned a lot about the vote-getting process , '' he said .
On Saturday Mr Trump repeated his claim that Obamacare would `` explode '' , tweeting `` we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry ! ''
Obamacare has been troubled by increases in insurance premiums . It also imposes tax penalties on uninsured Americans - many of them low- to moderate-income earners .
However , it also bans insurance companies from denying health coverage to people with pre-existing health conditions and allows young people to remain on their parents ' plans until age 26 .
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Friday that tax reform was `` a lot simpler '' in many ways than healthcare reform .
Mr Mnuchin said that his goal remained to get tax measures through Congress by August this year .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer admitted that this goal was `` an ambitious one '' , but one that the administration was `` going to try to stick to '' .
What did the healthcare bill propose ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Demonstrators in Chicago celebrated the failure of the Republican reforms
JUST over a year ago , they were a club struggling to lure a marquee player . Now the Canberra Raiders are on the verge of signing one of the most talented outside backs in the NRL .
The Sunday Telegraph can reveal the Green Machine are close to signing Newcastle Knights centre Joey “ BJ ” Leilua to compliment the purchase of promising Gold Coast five-eighth Aiden Seizer for 2016 and the soon-to-be announced signature of Test prop James Tamou .
media_camera After so much frustration , Stuart appears to be bringing the right talent to Canberra .
UNCERTAIN : Back in form but Tamou 's NRL future unclear
MARKET WATCH : Cows should release Tamou for bigger name
Leilua is contracted to the Knights until the end of 2016 , but with a clause in his contract related to the departure of former Newcastle coach Wayne Bennett to Brisbane this season , the 23-year-old is effectively a free-agent .
Leilua , who signed a new two-year deal under Bennett last year , had a clause included into his contract at that time which states he can request a release from the Knights at any point should Bennett move on .
It 's believed that Leilua will formally act upon that clause and request a release this week once he returns from international duties with Samoa .
The Knights are unlikely to stand in Leilua 's way given it will alleviate close to $ 400,000 from their salary cap , which like most clubs , is under pressure .
The benefit of Leilua 's departure to the Nation 's Capital will also allow the club to promote a potent crop of emerging stars into the NRL more regularly including the Matautia brothers Sione and Chanel and the off-contract Jake Mamo .
Leilua is no stranger to Raiders coach Ricky Stuart .
The powerful centre was selected as a member of the NSW emerging Blues squad when Stuart was coach of NSW State of Origin in 2011 . He was also a member of the City Origin team in 2012 and was also named 19th man for NSW in Origin I of that year .
media_camera James Tamou will soon be another high profile signing for the Raiders .
More recently , fitness has proven Leilua 's downfall with the damaging ballrunner pushing the scales well over 112kg .
However , the Raiders are confident they can motivate Leilua into the attacking weapon he has long promised to be .
Having missed out on the signatures of Melbourne 's Kevin Proctor , Cronulla 's Michael Ennis , Wests Tigers fullback James Tedesco and Penrith 's Josh Mansour last year , the Raiders have become the surprise packets of 2015 so far , as a result of several shrewd purchases .
Former Wests Tigers utility Blake Austin , who has earned a City Origin jumper after joining Canberra , is in contention for buy of the season .
And while they arrived in the pre-season with little fanfare , Raiders winger Sisa Waqa , who was formally with Melbourne and former Sydney Roosters prop Frank-Paul Nu'uausala , have also proven to be influential purchases .
Features
Packaged by MidwayUSA in a new production military style ( 30 caliber ) ammo can
Perfect for storage
Grab and go option for a fun day of plinking
Priced for high volume shooting
Quality ammo at a great price ! Sellier and Bellot has been producing cartridge ammunition since 1825 . They produce ammunition using high quality components which is the choice of hunters , competitive shooters , law enforcement agencies and militaries around the world . These FMJ rounds are great for stocking up or for a long day at the range . Their round nose profile means reliable feeding in all types of 1911s and other 45 ACP firearms . This ammunition is new production , non-corrosive , in boxer primed , reloadable brass cases .
Once the ammunition is gone , the Ammo Can have hundreds of uses around the home , shop or range . This can size was designed to hold 30 caliber belted machine gun ammunition but has been adopted to hold demolition ignition systems and many other items . The Ammo Can feature sturdy steel construction with waterproof seals . New production , this can is perfect to store ammunition in for years , or shoot the ammo up and put any number of items in the can !
The new figures by the Gothenburg-based SOM Institute , which conducts surveys on public opinion in Sweden every year , suggest that support for Nato has not changed markedly since last year .
In 2014 the same survey showed that 31 percent of respondents thought that joining Nato would be a good idea . This was a sharp change from previous years : 29 percent in 2013 and 17 percent in 2012 .
“ I think it 's the combination of the perceived threat from Russia and a discussion about the armed forces ' inability to carry out their tasks which leads to more Swedes being in favour of Swedish Nato membership , ” political science professor Ulf Bjereld of Gothenburg University told Swedish Radio .
Traditionally neutral or non-aligned Sweden has long been sceptical of joining the defence alliance , and more Swedes are against Nato membership than for it – 37 percent in 2014 , compared to 34 percent in 2013 and 45 percent in 2012 .
A similar poll in January by Ipsos for the Dagens Nyheter newspaper put support for Nato membership at 33 percent . At any rate , Wednesday 's survey , which is being presented by Bjereld and his research colleague Karl Ydén , suggests that the debate is here to stay .
“ Many were surprised last year that public opinion on Nato had changed so much , that opposition to Nato had decreased so rapidly . They thought that perhaps it was a coincidence , but this year 's survey shows that that was not the case . Swedish opposition to Nato has actually decreased and thus also the framework of the Swedish debate on Nato , ” Bjereld told Swedish Radio .
DEBATE : `` Sweden 's smug wisdom of neutrality is a farce ''
Sweden 's ruling centre-left coalition – the Social Democrats and the Green Party – is historically against Nato membership . However , there have been indications in the past year that the Nordic country is moving closer to joining the defence alliance .
In April Sweden , Norway , Denmark , Finland and Iceland announced far-reaching plans to extend their military cooperation . The move was “ a direct response to aggressive Russian behaviour ” , said Sweden 's defence minister Peter Hultqvist and his Nordic counterparts at the time .
Although Sweden is set to invest 10.2 billion kronor into its armed forces in the coming year , the country 's defence capabilities have been questioned following increasing military activity from Russia in the Baltic region .
In October 2014 , a foreign submarine – suspected to be from Russia , although this was never confirmed – was spotted in Swedish waters just outside Stockholm . A number of Russian planes have also been spotted in or close to Swedish airspace over the past year .
The camera will sit behind a large window that 's designed especially for the niche and wo n't have any effect on image quality . It 's programmed to record recurring major meteor showers in the next two years , though it can also detect unpredicted ones , so long as the window 's protective cover is up . See , the original camera was supposed to come bundled with a shutter actuator system that would have given the ground team control over that cover . Now , the astronauts would have to remove the window shield or place it back manually in between their other tasks . It 's not ideal , since they might be asleep or too busy to lift the covering when the ISS comes across a surprise shower , but they have no other choice .
The ISS crew hopes to have the device up and running in August just in time for the Perseids , which astronaut Ron Garan captured in the picture above back in 2011 . More importantly , the scientists are hoping the camera can help them figure out how meteors continue to affect the Earth and how to protect future spacecraft from colliding with ever increasing space debris . By the way , NASA decided on a camera that works indoors , so that it can remain protected from the harsh conditions of outer space . Michael Fortenberry , the meteor camera 's team lead , admitted that they might `` not get as much time to take images '' without the window actuator , but promised to `` still get really good science . ''
[ Image credit : NASA ]
Artificial Intelligence and the Growing Importance of Soft Skills — # 38
Sam DeBrule Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 10 , 2017
The AI-related stories landing in your Facebook and Twitter feeds are mostly about doomsday Artificial General Intelligence scenarios . While interesting , they distract from the more pressing issue at hand .
AI-driven automation will create new jobs and help people to be more productive , but the painful truth is that AI-driven automation of both specific work activities and entire jobs will be incredibly disruptive to hundreds of millions of people around the globe . The McKinsey Global institute and The Obama Whitehouse , respectively , believe that “ 60 % of all occupations have at least 30 % of activities that are technically automate-able , ” and “ 47 % of U.S. jobs are at risk of being replaced by AI technologies ” over the next 10–20 years .
When a company stands to gain enormous financial benefits from automating a certain work task , and said task is automate-able with current artificial intelligence techniques , you can expect for it to be automated quickly . If a job consists mostly doing that single task , you can expect people to be replaced , rather than complemented , by AI software . While automation is incredibly painful for us who lose jobs , it can simultaneously improve the quality of life , and in some cases save , the lives of hundreds of millions of people .
Learn more about the activities , jobs , and industries that experts predict to experience the impacts of AI-driven automation in the next 5 years in “ WTF is Artificial Intelligence ? ”
“ What else are you working on besides Machine Learnings ? ” Usejournal.com
Awesome , not awesome .
# Awesome
“ Using cameras with facial recognition software and other biometric indicators , automakers are looking to personalize the driving experience with cars that stare back at you , quietly adjusting seats and driving modes…Engineers can then dynamically adjust the so-called human machine interface , putting critical information , say , about a stalled car up ahead , or the fact that you are about to exceed the speed limit , directly in a driver 's line of sight on the dashboard or in a display on the windshield. ” — John Quain , Reporter . Learn More on The New York Times >
# Not Awesome
“ There 's some algorithm somewhere that predicted , hey , for this user right now who is experimental subject 79B3 in experiment 231 , we think we can see an improvement in his behavior if you give it to him in this burst instead of that burst . You 're part of a controlled set of experiments that are happening in real time across you and millions of other people…You 're guinea pigs . You are guinea pigs in the box pushing the button and sometimes getting the likes . And they 're doing this to keep you in there . The longer we look at our screens , the more data companies collect about us , and the more ads we see. ” — Ramsay Brown , Founder . Learn More on 60 Minutes >
Join 13,000+ readers and subscribe to the 🤖Machine Learnings🤖 newsletter to feel prepared for the future .
What we 're reading .
1/ In a future where more jobs and work activities are automated by artificial intelligence , the people who master “ soft ” skills will be the most successful :
2/ Canada pledges $ 93 million to support AI research , reboot its Tech industry , and convince top talent to leave Google , Facebook , and Apple :
3/ Automakers , not drivers or car owners , will have to cover the costs of auto insurance when driverless cars dominate the road :
4/ Machine learning algorithms will soon be better than doctors at spotting strokes before they ravage a brain , but doctors fear these algorithms may ravage the medical field too :
5/ No matter how powerful an AI algorithm is , the user experience will ultimately determine how valuable it is for a business :
6/ A recent report on the progress of self-driving car technology shows Ford and General Motors leading the pack while Uber and Honda are being left in the dust :
7/ Scientists think brain scans and machine learning will one day make it possible for doctors to treat patients with “ precision psychiatry ” and reduce the feeling of demoralization cause by failed treatments :
Links from the community .
“ The Boundaries of Artificial Emotional Intelligence ” submitted by Avi Eisenberger Eisenberger ( @ aeisenberger ) . Learn More on How We Get to Next >
“ Artificial Intelligence , Deep Learning , and Neural Networks Explained ” by Alex Castrounis ( @ innoarchitech ) . Learn More on InnoArchiTech >
“ Understanding the Limits of Deep Learning ” by Mariya Yao ( @ thinkmariya ) . Learn more on TOPBOTS >
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning will radically change the way we work and live . Machine Learnings covers the most remarkable news in AI , so you 'll feel prepared for the future .
The government will hit gangs where it hurts - on the internet and in their wardrobes .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith today announced plans to insert provisions into the Policing and Crime Bill that would allow courts to impose a range of restrictions on individuals .
These include not allowing individuals to enter a `` specified place '' , for example a gang 's `` territory '' , and banning them from using and threatening to use violence .
More bizarrely , perhaps , injunctions could be used to prevent individuals using the internet to encourage or facilitate violence . Lastly , courts would be able to prevent individuals wearing `` particular items of clothing such as gang colours or balaclavas which prevent identification '' .
Jacqui said in a statement : `` I am committed to doing all I can to support local communities and the police in tackling gang crime . Injunctions will ensure that we are on the front foot in tackling gangs and able to deliver swift control during periods of high tension . ''
Smith cited the experience of Birmingham City Council in using powers under the Local Government Act 1972 , which secured 30 interim injunctions between August and December 2007 as part of a crackdown on gang activity .
This apparently saw a drop in firearms incidents and other nasties during the injunction surge . Once the injunction flurry ceased , gang related activity began to rise again . As an aside , the Home Office 's statement adds : `` It is not possible to say that injunctions were the sole driver for change . ''
We asked the Home Office why it needed to add these provisions to the bill - which has already had a second reading - if the powers are already available under the Local Government Act .
We also asked whether the injunctions would apply only to people actually convicted of offenses , or whether being seen with the wrong crowd would be enough .
Lastly , we wondered how many police would now patrol the net cracking down on gang-related social networking , and whether those same coppers would also be the style arbiters deciding what constitutes gang-related apparel .
We 'll let you know when they get back to us .
In the meantime , the government hopes to get the injunctions plan operational by April 2010 . ®
Saturday night at El Paso 's Classic Film Festival a large group of Rocky Horror Picture Show fans settled into a cozy spot for the annual screening of the film . Well , as cozy as one can get at an outside screening , not that these fans mind . Just as the iconic red lips engulfed the screen , it started to pour . Did they budge ? Not one bit . Screams of excitement filled the air and the movie played on .
Its moments like these that make going to a film festival the special experience that it is . It 's truly a magical time for movie lovers to come together and share in an experience unlike anywhere else . Something like what happened on saturday would never happen in a conventional cinema . Not to say that one is better than the other , personally I love going to the cinema festival or not , but a film fest is remarkable . CInemarks will screen the latest and greatest , but a film fest will show films that stand out in history . FIlms that have inspired the latest and greatest are celebrated during these fests , and more so , encourage the support of the community to do so .
As mentioned before , El Paso holds a yearly classic film fest . Our festivities include outside shows with local bands , food vendors and feature short films by local artists known as the Local Flavor . It runs for one week only , this year from August 3rd until August 13th . For me this week means planning out what I am going to be able to watch , or if work really is more important than catching the afternoon showing of The Day the Earth Stood Still next Friday . About three years ago I decided to hell with work , and called in specifically to be able to spend the majority of the day at the Plaza . It was wonderful , it is a day I will never forget . Myself and a friend grabbed pizza and drinks , then roamed around downtown until our movies started . The last showing we saw that day was of Nosferatu . This was my first time having seen the film , so having watched it for the first time at the Plaza made it exceptional . The ambiance and excitement whirling about makes for a wonderful watching experience . Movie connoisseur or not , the allure of the Plaza marquee lit up at night can not be ignored .
So you see , it is n't just going to the movies , it 's sharing in an experience with others that love something you love . I highly encourage everyone who also lives in El Paso to make it out to to the PCFF before it ends this week . A complete lineup of films being shown can be viewed here . If you do not live in EP , I highly encourage you to look into your all film fest 's , and then report back to me so that I can start planning my way to there .
By Nick Juliano of Advance Atlanta
I was born and grew up in Atlanta . For those of us who have spent our lives here , it 's no secret that we 've seen the region change . Yet , as new companies have moved to town , new cities have popped up out of old unincorporated regions , the BeltLine has remade parts of the city limits , and many other developments , one thing has remained a constant complaint of longtime residents , transplants , and visitors alike : the lack of comprehensive regional transit .
In a nutshell the complaint goes like this : you can not move about the metro region as quickly and efficiently as you need to be able to in order to live , work , and play . As a city that was founded as a transportation hub , we are the home of the world 's most-traveled airport , the nexus of several major interstate highways , and just hours away from the busy port of Savannah , through which goods enter the southeastern United States to be carried through our highways and railways . These commercial factors , plus decades of sprawling development , have created a situation in which traffic ranks as the lead complaint of people in the metro area .
On February 8th , I was standing in the packed basement of the Georgia Capitol next to State Senator Brandon Beach and looking into an array of cameras gathered to capture the occasion . Past the media scrum in front of us , residents from across the metro Atlanta area were jammed together with the usual mix of legislators , curious staff , and government affairs folks you find day-in and day-out under the gold dome . We were gathered together to say , with one voice , that the time had come to give residents the transit solutions they want , and deserve , and to enhance our competitiveness by expanding MARTA rail through the Clifton corridor to my alma mater at Emory University and the CDC , up to North Fulton , and to Stonecrest Mall along I-20 .
Since the founding of Advance Atlanta months earlier , and since the press conference that day , I have been both humbled and amazed by the commitment and dedication shown by the unpaid , volunteer advocacy efforts of residents of all ages and from all corners of the region we call home to advance the message that Atlanta needs regional transit and to support Senator Beach 's Senate Bill 330 . Not a day has gone by that we have not been contacted by residents asking how they can have their voices heard at the capitol to help break through the political gridlock .
Unfortunately , the bill that we were gathered that day to support , SB 330 , was defeated . It failed not because the residents of metro Atlanta do n't want it , they very much do , but because the old politics of division and balkanization reared their heads at the capitol once more . While residents move about the region oblivious to where various state house and senate districts begin and end , and where municipal lines are drawn or not-drawn , we still have too many lawmakers who use these as reasons to oppose the consensus of residents . That needs to change , and it 's incumbent upon us to change it .
Because of the voices of residents , MARTA expansion has remained on the table this session in the form of SB 369 . What this bill does is enable supporters of transit to get results during this legislative session . Some $ 2.5 billion can be raised in the City of Atlanta via a half-penny sales tax to support BeltLine light rail transit , MARTA stations along existing rail routes , improving our bus service , or other projects . The process for that will involve a city council vote and public ballot referendum .
The bill also gives the option for Fulton County to pursue up to a .25 percent sales tax to fund future transit . That authorization would also involve a ballot referendum .
The last rail expansion to MARTA was 15 years ago , and since then , new competitor cities like Dallas and Denver have added over 100 miles of rail . MARTA remains just at 48 miles of rail at a time in which we know that access to top-notch transit brings in new talent , let 's us retain existing talent , raises home and commercial real estate values , reduces congestion , and makes us more efficient people .
The key to moving the needle on transit is in the hands of every resident of metro Atlanta . Our lawmakers will respond to the voices of their constituents . If you want to live in an Atlanta region that connects its citizens to one-another and to economic opportunity through a world-class transit system , and you want this region to be the best place that it can , then we at Advance Atlanta want to have you join us in our ranks .
Atlanta has become the capital of Henry Grady 's New South by making big , bold decisions and striving for consensus building rather than divisiveness . SB 369 should be passed , and then the next question on transit expansion should be , “ What 's next ? ”
Nick Juliano is the president of the transit advocacy coalition Advance Atlanta , and a vice president with the public affairs firm Resolute Consulting .
Related
Image copyright Gabel Image caption The company 's president , Michele Moltrasio , says the email-free week is encouraging more direct communication
An Italian company has told staff to refrain from sending any internal emails for a week in an effort to reduce stress levels .
Home textiles company Gabel , based in the northern Como region , commissioned an expert to interview its employees about what their main concerns were at work , the local La Provincia di Como website reports . Many said that managing the huge volume of internal correspondence was a burden during the working day . That prompted the company 's management to propose a solution , which - somewhat ironically - was sent to all staff in an email .
`` Together we will begin the following experiment , which will take us back in time to when people talked more , '' managing director Emilio Colombo wrote , declaring an `` email free '' week until 13 November . `` We invite you not to use email for internal communications ( between colleagues at the same location ) , in favour of a more direct and immediate contact . ''
The company 's president , Michele Moltrasio , tells the BBC it has n't been easy to stop such an `` ingrained '' practice , even temporarily , but that employees have welcomed the challenge . `` They are rediscovering the pleasure of meeting and talking rather than writing , '' he says . And that includes Mr Moltrasio , who is avoiding emails along with everyone else . `` Even if from next week we all go back to using email , these days of experimentation are very worthwhile , to understand and rethink the methods and pace of working , '' he says .
Several recent studies have found that a high volume of emails raises stress levels at work . In 2013 , researchers said that a full inbox led to peaks in people 's blood pressure and heart rate . And last year , a study at the University of British Columbia found that limiting email use during the day lowered people 's stress levels `` significantly '' .
Next story : China fire safety theme park attracts visitors
Use # NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
Racial Disparities in Job Finding and Offered Wages
NBER Working Paper No . 17462
Issued in September 2011
NBER Program ( s ) : Labor Studies
The extent to which discrimination can explain racial wage gaps is one of the most divisive subjects in the social sciences . Using a newly available dataset , this paper develops a simple empirical test which , under plausible conditions , provides a lower bound on the extent of discrimination in the labor market . Taken at face value , our estimates imply that differential treatment accounts for at least one third of the black-white wage gap . We argue that the patterns in our data are consistent with a search-matching model in which employers statistically discriminate on the basis of race when hiring unemployed workers , but learn about their marginal product over time . However , we can not rule out other forms of discrimination .
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC , RIS , BibTeX
Document Object Identifier ( DOI ) : 10.3386/w17462
Published : Roland G. Fryer , Jr. & Devah Pager & Jï¿½rg L. Spenkuch , 2013 . `` Racial Disparities in Job Finding and Offered Wages , '' Journal of Law and Economics , University of Chicago Press , vol . 56 ( 3 ) , pages 633 - 689. citation courtesy of
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded * these :
Edit : traded 2 excalibur and a Shipment from mirrormorph for 3 turing 3 months ago . So good . This deck rocks in a Sifr meta .
Edit 2 : I recently dumped minelayer , which never really did anything , and 1 rototurret for 2 fast tracks as per a suggestion . OMG so good ! I forgot that was a card duh .
This deck is wacky , but it is so fun to play .
It is built around my favorite netrunner card : Edge of World ! ! It 's a dumb card that is very hard to make work , but the Timmy in me loves it so much . The problem with EoW is that you need a ton of ice to make it truly scary . The way I 've found it works best is play it early with a 2 or 3 ice remote servers . If the runner hits it then you can never-advance in that server for the rest of the game because they wo n't run it again . If they do n't hit it , make sure you rez the thing before you trash it , or just let them find it in the archives . Maybe they saw one with indexing or maker 's eye or something . As long as the threat of instant death is there , it changes runner behaviour drastically .
So much ETR ice . It 's all gear-check , so pile up the bad pub and do n't worry about it . Once they have all their breakers your central ice is swiss cheese and you have to play the shell game or win with a biotic labor . Do n't waste biotic labor if you can score normally , as you will need them later .
If they ignore the remote , score out . If they do n't ignore the remote , EoW them . Honestly , this deck is basically the definition of rush .
ABT is great early , but not so great late . With so much ice in the deck you have a good chance of landing something . I 've used it to upgrade a 3-ice remote to a 6-ice remote , which then is an awesome EoW server .
Hope you like playing jank . I know I do .
We 've all , by now , read about what 's gone on between Paul Christoforo of Ocean Marketing and Mike Krahulik , co-founder and comic artist for Penny Arcade . The exchange is posted on Penny Arcade , and Icrontic has a report on it over here . What 's happened since that report is this : Christoforo has pleaded with Krahulik to ask his horde of fans to back off . Krahulik responded publicly by making a comic about how pleased he is with himself , and telling his fans to leave Christoforo 's family , “ If they are real , ” out of the attacks . Tacitly or not , Krahulik has urged his fans to continue attacking Christoforo , with the implication that ‘ bullies ' deserve what they get , whatever that may be .
Personally , I do n't agree with Krahulik 's actions . The punishment here—the ruining of a man 's career , buckets of hate mail ( including death threats ) , the permanent ire of the entire geek culture , and the potential that someone will do him real physical harm—does n't fit the crime . Even if it did , Krahulik is not an elected official , nor is it his place to dole out justice on behalf of others .
What gives him the right ? His celebrity status ? His clout ? Those give him the ability , but not the right . Celebrities have a lot of power over public thought , and they need to use it responsibly . If you 're the only man in the room with a gun , that gives you the right to shoot whomever you do n't like ? No . It gives you the power to , but that 's completely different .
This is not a case of ‘ wild west ' justice , as many have implied ; it 's just a very mundane case of a celebrity abusing his sway over the public . Celebrity sway is not new or revolutionary . Celebrities have had this sway for time immemorial . Perhaps we 're just lucky that they rarely choose to use it for evil , but I like to think that there is an ethical understanding here that celebrities not use their power over the public to hurt people . If a TV star went on her show and told the public how mad she was at some guy , and people started attacking that guy because of it , it 's her job as the responsible celebrity to go back on the air and say “ Look , guys , I know you want to support me , but knock it off now , okay ? ”
Would she need to do that legally ? Could she get in trouble with the law ? Unlikely ( maybe an FCC fine , if anything , depending on how she said what she said originally ) . That 's not why she should do it . She should do it because it 's unethical to use her power to abuse someone she perceives as a bully ( which brings up a whole other point I 'll address in a moment )
Krahulik should behave better than that . He should have taken the high road . It was fine to make business decisions based on this stuff . Deny the company a PAX booth ? Fine . Inform the PR guy 's superiors of his behavior in an attempt to get him fired ? Okay . Post the letter on your webcomic/blog that you know is read by millions of mob-justice geeks along with enough information about the guy that those geeks can make his life hell ? Not okay . That 's where the line is .
Then , when they guy writes and pleads for Krahulik to ‘ make it stop ' , the cartoonist revels in his own power , and urges the throng to torment the guy further . This is not right . Krahulik has allowed himself to become much more of a bully than Christoforo ever was .
But to my other point : Do we really want someone like Krahulik to have this much power over our community ? What are his credentials ? He 's a popular cartoonist . A self-described victim of bullies . An angry satirist . We let him tell us whom to punish ? For all we know he just made all this up . All the information about this situation originates with this one celebrity personality , and we only really have his side of the story . For all we know , this Christophoro guy just talked Krahulik into paying too much for some used carpeting , and he made up the rest as a way to turn the ire of his fans—which he knows is powerful—into a weapon against him .
Sure you think you support what he 's doing now , but who else will we let him use this power on ? Krahulik could do this to you . He could do this to me . If he sees this article , and decides that it makes me a bully too , he can turn that weapon on me , and turn my life to shit . Do we want one man , a cartoonist , not a Federal judge , to have that kind of power over us ?
We have to be better than to let this happen .
This is not a lesson in internet politeness .
This is not ‘ justice ' .
This is not wild-west gunslinging heroism .
This is a mad-man with a gun .
Cape May Brewing Company has a brand-new look ! As of May 26th , Cape May Brewing Company has made a giant change to a new logo and branding that was announced in a press release last week . The website has been updated to a fresh , new look inspired by the beach community that it resides .
Cape May Brewery is already one of the premier craft beer breweries in the region with a loyal following , so why do this now ?
“ This all really began as a desire to update our website , ” says co-founder and president of CMBC , Ryan Krill . “ However , we quickly realized that a simple website redesign was n't going to be enough . In order to put together a website that exemplified who we are and where we are going as a company , we first needed to take a step back and truly define ourselves . ”
Through this process , the company was able to put into writing a set of Core Values , a Mission Statement , and a Statement of Purpose : “ To build a brewery that makes us proud . ”
“ We 've come a long way over the past six years , ” says co-founder and COO Chris Henke , “ and our new look reflects that growth . The three of us — Ryan , his dad , Bob , and I — started by brewing twelve gallons at a time . This year , we 're poised to break the 10,000 barrel mark . We currently brew as much beer in one week as we did in our entire first year of business .
“ We 've grown up . Our new look needed to reflect that . ”
The new look is based on what Cape May represents as a beach community .
“ We really wanted to find something that says Cape May , ” Henke says . “ This community has come to embrace us over the past six years , and we realized that Cape May 's laid back beach culture has been a huge influence on our organization . We wanted to reflect that . ”
The new design expresses a windswept feeling — like a breezy day on the beach , umbrellas flapping and seagulls flying overhead .
“ You just feel cooler , ” Krill says , “ our new look evokes a refreshing , relaxed feeling — like a cold beer on a hot day . ”
The new designs provide CMBC with a cohesive look across multiple platforms , including their revamped website and new bottle designs . Consumers will be able to instantly recognize Cape May Brewing Company 's packages in the retail environment through this new , unified design .
“ For the past six years , each of our bottles had a radically different look , ” says co-founder and vice president , Bob Krill . “ Aside from our logo , the designs do n't otherwise communicate CMBC . They were all one-off designs with no real connection to one another or to CMBC .
While CMBC 's look has changed , the three owners think it 's important to understand that the only thing that has changed is the look . The product wo n't change in any way .
“ The quality that our fans have come to know and love from CMBC will not be compromised , ” Ryan Krill says . “ Our fans put an extraordinary amount of trust in us , and that 's something we take very seriously . ”
“ We 've always stood behind our quality , ” Bob Krill says , “ and we wanted the quality of our beer to be reflected in our creative design . We feel this design communicates exactly that . ”
“ The new design creates an expectation , ” says Henke , “ and the beer inside exceeds that expectation . The beer speaks for itself , but we think that new fans will be able to judge us by our packaging . ”
“ Ultimately , ” Ryan Krill says , “ establishing a cohesive brand will allow our leadership in the industry to flourish . As we continue to grow in coming years , the new look will assist us as we emerge as leaders within the industry , yet continues to recognize the enormous influence of the Cape May community upon our company . ”
For more information on Cape May Brewing Company , including for tours and tastings , see capemaybrewery.com or call ( 609 ) 849-9933 .
Like this : Like Loading ...
John McCain was warmly endorsed by Rev . Hagee this past week . McCain said he was `` very honored '' and `` very proud '' of the endorsement .
Reverend Hagee is a Class A kook . Stark raving mad . He believes someone will unite the whole world together and bring peace to everyone -- and that person is the Anti-Christ . Yeah , God forbid we should have peace . So , Hagee prefers war instead .
He wants to preemptively strike Iran to start the festivities . So , will this bring peace later at least ? No , exactly the opposite , it will bring Armageddon . Then nearly everyone will die -- which , of course , is a great thing because Biblical prophecy will be fulfilled and the few people who agree with John Hagee will all be saved and laughing their ass off in heaven . And the rest of us will be dead . Killed by Rev . Hagee 's righteous God .
This is all very comical and patently absurd . I know it seems literally unbelievable that grown-ass men would believe something this childish and stupid . But I sat through a whole hour of the Glenn Beck show to make sure I was n't misinterpreting what they were saying . You can watch it here ( it 's in seven hilarious parts , which are all next to this clip on YouTube ) . By the way , Beck enthusiastically agrees and supports Rev . Hagee as he lays out the ravings of his lunatic mind . Thereby proving my dad right when he says in his heavy Turkish accent , `` Glenn Beck is the crazy . ''
As I read and watched all of Hagee 's ideas about how Gog and Magog and Dumbledore were going to come out of Russia to unite the Muslims ( who , of course , are the worst people on earth and the minions of Satan ) , I thought he looked like an overgrown kid who was really wrapped up in a great game of Dungeons and Dragons .
The only thing that separates this nonsense from D & D or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter ( which Hagee , of course , believes is the work of the devil ) is that at least those non-fiction works make some degree of sense . One thought is connected to another and you have a nice , fable that you can follow along .
In Hagee 's version of the Bible , Jesus comes back to suck up every believer on earth . They get vacuumed into heaven . And then the Anti-Christ comes and we eventually walk down the road to Armageddon . You do n't think the rest of us would catch on when all the Christians get sucked up into the sky ? We 'd still walk happily into the arms of the Anti-Christ even though we just saw all these people transported into heaven .
Look , I think all of the major religions are the silliest fairytales I have ever heard , but if people start to get sucked up into the sky by Jesus , believe me , I 'm listening . I guess they think the rest of us are n't very bright .
Then there is the logical inconsistency of trying to start Armageddon , as Hagee would like to do , when the tribulation is supposed to happen first ( that 's the vacuum moment I referred to above ) . Since the tribulation has to happen first , Pastor Hagee seems to be putting his cart before his Four Horses of the Apocalypse .
But like I said , this would all be an amusing joke , if it were n't for one thing . It 's that these wackjobs have actual power in this country . President Bush sent a congratulatory note to one of Rev . Hagee 's meetings ( on Armageddon preparations well done I assume ) . Hagee was also invited to the White House to talk with the White House deputy national security adviser Elliott Abrams . The pastor came out of the meeting saying , `` we felt we were on the right track . ''
The president regularly meets with Christian right zealots , like Pat Robertson , who all believe this same insanity . In fact , the president met with Robertson right before the Iraq invasion . The White House has a regular conference call with evangelical leaders every Monday . Members of the Christian right are placed in important positions throughout the government as reward for their political support . Evangelical activist Gary Bauer says , `` I think we 've had some impact . '' That 's exactly what I 'm worried about .
Now , they are wooing John McCain . They would like him to start this fun little Apocalypse everyone is so jazzed about . The skeptics will say that McCain is using them and does n't really believe any of this crap . First , I have no interest in finding out . While I have faith that McCain is a liar of the first order ( and he would have to be to say he is `` very honored '' to get this man 's endorsement and then laugh at him behind his back ) , I would rather not take that chance .
But more importantly , I do n't want McCain taking orders from these guys . A president trying to appease these lunatics by changing our foreign policy is a terribly dangerous possibility . John McCain has become the world 's biggest panderer in this election cycle . Is there anything he wo n't stoop to in order to wrangle up a couple of more votes from the Christian Right ? Would he let them influence policy in order to get their endorsement again in 2012 ? You 'd have to be awfully naïve to think he would n't .
If John Hagee , Pat Robertson and Glenn Beck sat in a basement playing Armageddon while the kids next to them played Dungeons and Dragons , I would n't bat an eyelash . It 's a free country . Somebody 's got ta be stupid . Everyone 's got a niche .
( By the way , I would like to pause to say that I do n't mean to denigrate the honorable D & D players out there . The difference between you guys and the Hagees of the world is that at least you know you 're playing a make-believe game in a make-believe world . Plus , you probably have a 100 IQ points on them . )
So , Reverend Hagee thinks the Catholic Church is the `` Great Whore '' and that Muslims are programmed to kill and that New Orleans had it coming because they were going to do a gay pride march and the head of the European Union will be the next Anti-Christ and that the whole world will be soaked in blood and most of the people on the planet will die if we play our cards right . So what ? It 's a free country . You can be as bat-shit crazy as you want to be . But I draw the line when someone takes you seriously . When you can actually effect world events to bring about the bloody conclusions you seek . When you have access to power .
Until then , it 's shits and giggles . But when they have a presidential candidate in their back pocket , that 's when it becomes our business to point out how absolutely crazy they truly are .
ISIS is continuing with their cultural purge , destroying the Iraqi ancient city of Hatra — which contains artifacts that are 2000 years old — one statue at a time . The Islamist extremists uploaded a video ( parts shown below ) , showing them hammering away at the ancient sites .
According to NBC News , one man speaking in Arabic appears on the film to explain they are wrecking these sites because they are being “ worshiped instead of god. ” Their target , Hatra , has been a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1987 . The ancient fortified city was the capital of the first Arab kingdom and withstood two attacks from the Romans , once in 116 A.D. and again in 198 A.D .
The city is located roughly 68 miles ( 110 kilometers ) from the Mosul .
The group have ruined archaeological sites all across northern Iraq in the name of their extreme ideology .
As previously reported by the Inquisitr , ISIS has already taken down at least two other ancient cities in Iraq : Khorsabad and Nimrod , along with smashing artifacts in the museum at Mosul . The acts against archaeology earned ISIS the condemnation of U.N. General Secretary Ban Ki Moon , but international forces still can not prevent further acts of destruction .
This time , UNESCO joined with the Islamic Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organisation to issue a statement condemning the most recent cultural attacks .
“ With this latest act of barbarism against Hatra , ( the IS group ) shows the contempt in which it holds the history and heritage of Arab people . ”
On the video , one unidentified ISIS member explained , “ the Prophet ordered us to get rid of statues and relics , and his companions did the same when they conquered countries after him . ”
At the extreme end , ISIS has also called for the demolition of the Great Pyramids in Egypt and the Sphinx .
The Mirror reports that even though the group claims the artifacts need to be smashed to prevent idolatry , many have been sold on the black market to help fund ISIS ' terrorist campaign .
The fight against ISIS will likely persist for some time , and how much of Iraq 's history will remain intact is unclear .
News from the war on ISIS is mixed . Reuters reports Iraqi forces recently retook the city of Tikrit , but unfortunately for the locals , Shi'ite militias backed by Iran played a large part and engaged in looting for days after defeating ISIS . Meanwhile in Syria , ISIS has taken over a Palestinian refugee camp in the ancient capital city of Damascus , putting them in striking distance of toppling Assad and taking Syria .
[ Image Credit : Aronzakcommons2/Wikimedia Commons ]
Martin Sharp , who died on Sunday at his home in Sydney 's Bellevue Hill , was an influential artist , cartoonist , magazine and counterculture figure .
Sharp 's art - bold , colourful , exuberant and distinctive - captured the counterculture of the 1960s and 1970s both in Australia and internationally .
Sharp 's death at the age of 71 followed a long struggle with emphysema .
Wayne Tunnicliffe , head curator of Australian art at the Art Gallery of NSW , said on Monday Australia - and Sydney in particular - had lost an important artist and `` an absolutely unique voice '' .
`` He left the art gallery walls and went out there and really engaged with people , '' Tunnicliffe said .
Sharp was born in Sydney in 1942 . After leaving the private Sydney boys ' school Cranbrook ( where he had an outstanding art teacher in Justin O'Brien ) , Sharp studied at the National Art School in East Sydney . He and fellow artist Garry Shead helped start an unofficial student newspaper there called The Arty Wild Oat .
He met Richard Walsh , who was editing University of Sydney 's campus newspaper Honi Soit , and Richard Neville , who was editing the University of NSW 's Tharunka .
The result was Oz , a self-proclaimed `` magazine of dissent '' , first published in 1963 . Sharp was art director and a major contributor to the magazine , which quickly developed a nationwide following .
The trio were twice charged with printing an obscene publication , courtesy of Sharp 's poem The Word Flashed Around The Arms and the famous Oz cover in February 1964 that showed Neville and two friends pretending to urinate into a Tom Bass sculpture set into a wall of Sydney 's P & O building .
Sharp , Neville and Walsh were tried , convicted and sentenced but , after public outcry , were acquitted on appeal .
They then headed to London to try their luck , launching the equally controversial London Oz , with Sharp once again coming up with a series of memorable covers and contributions .
Richard Neville told AAP on Monday : `` Without Martin 's talent I do n't think Oz both in Australia and in London could have created the momentum it did . ''
One night , at a London nightclub called the Speakeasy , Sharp met musician Eric Clapton , and told him about a poem he 'd written . The Cream guitarist turned Sharp 's scribbled words into the lyrics of Tales of Brave Ulysses , which became the B-side of Strange Brew .
Sharp went on to design memorable album covers for Cream 's Disraeli Gears and Wheels Of Fire albums .
He also designed iconic posters of artists including Bob Dylan , Donovan and Jimi Hendrix .
Shead said on Monday Sharp would be remembered primarily as a graphic artist , describing his work in that area as `` revolutionary '' .
After returning to Australia in 1973 , Sharp again showed his bold eye for design in a series of posters for Sydney 's Nimrod Theatre and for Circus Oz .
He also established the Yellow House artists ' collective in a terrace house in inner-Sydney 's Potts Point .
Sharp commenced a series of missions - to help save Sydney 's Luna Park , to champion the genius of US singer and ukulele player Tiny Tim , and to immortalise the `` Eternity '' man Arthur Stace .
Sharp used Stace 's message in much of his art and was instrumental in the word `` Eternity '' lighting up the Sydney Harbour Bridge on New Year 's Eve 2000 .
Sharp was also outspoken in the causes of civil liberties and Aboriginal rights .
He once told Australia 's Time Out magazine ( for which he also designed a cover in 2007 ) : `` Art has been my way of having a say . ''
That view was echoed on Monday by Stuart Purves , director of the Australian Galleries in Sydney .
`` Martin was one of those artists who are all artist , '' Purves said . `` He was an artist from the day he was born to the day he died , and never veered off that path . Donald Friend would have said Martin was an artist the way a dog is a dog . ''
Purves recalled an exhibition Sharp had at the Australian Galleries during his Tiny Tim period , describing it as `` the most circus-like , quality , great fun show '' .
`` Martin just kept bringing works in - you could n't see the walls in the end . ''
Shead , who visited Sharp weekly in the past couple of years as his health deteriorated , says he painted him for an Archibald Prize entry a couple of years ago because he feared he was dying .
Sharp never married and , according to Shead , his ramshackle Bellevue Hill home - which Sharp had inherited from his grandfather in his twenties - was always full of his art , friends and unfinished projects .
`` He was still painting right to the end , '' Shead says . `` He said , ` I 've still got too much to do ' . ''
Shead described Sharp as `` charismatic , with a lovely nature and a kind of astringent wit - he could put people in their place very quickly '' .
Neville said Sharp `` covered the waterfront '' both on the issues he took up , and in his art , which ranged from bright and poppy to `` bitter '' and acerbic .
Tunnicliffe paid tribute to Sharp as `` a pop artist in the true sense '' , in that he engaged with popular subjects , worked extensively in things such as album and magazine covers and posters , and created work that was enjoyed `` by a very broad audience '' .
`` He really engaged with Sydney and Sydney culture - and then took it to the international stage . ''
Tunnicliffe said that after Sharp 's return to Sydney in the 1970s , `` he really engaged with the city , its people and really reminded us of our history and our beloved institutions '' .
Richard Neville described Sharp as `` a wonderful friend '' .
As an artist , he said , Sharpe had been `` an outsider but also an insider ... At core he was an artist beyond repute in my opinion , but not an artist necessarily certified by the academy '' .
One of the most famous soccer teams in the world plans to open a school for young players in the Edmonton area .
The FC Barcelona school will open in April at Fuhr Sports Park in Spruce Grove .
The Spanish team will send a technical director from Barcelona to direct and co-ordinate the program in accordance with the club 's methods and curriculum .
`` The aim of the FCB Escola is to teach the club 's methodology and values that have allowed FC Barcelona to develop and bring up to the first team players of such caliber as Messi , Xavi , Iniesta , Pique , and Jordi Alba , '' the club 's board said in a statement .
The new academy , which will open on April 26 , is not connected to FC Edmonton .
A similar soccer school will open that same day in Mississauga , Ont . FC Barcelona already has a school in Burnaby , B.C .
Once the new clubs open , the team will have 19 FCB schools on five continents .
A cast that includes James McAvoy ( X-Men : First Class , Wanted ) Benedict Cumberbatch ( Sherlock , Star Trek Into Darkness ) , Natalie Dormer ( Games of Thrones ) , Anthony Head ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) and Christopher Lee ( Lord of the Rings , Star Wars ) feels like a thing of nerd nirvana . Not only that , but they 've all come together for a project written by none other than Neil Gaiman . So why have n't you heard more about this ?
Probably because the project in question is n't a movie or television show , but a BBC radio series only available outside of the U.K. via the internet .
The series is an adaptation of Gaiman 's Neverwhere , the story of one man 's discovery of a magical city underneath London , England . It started life as a 1996 television series before becoming a novel ( written by Gaiman in 1996 , and later revised a couple of times ) , comic book series ( adapted by Mike Carey and Glenn Fabry for the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in 2005 ) and multiple stage plays . This time around , it 's being being brought to life as an audio play for the BBC by producer and writer Dirk Maggs .
Audio plays are common in the U.K. but far from a mainstream in the U.S. , though it 's a format that may be undergoing a ground roots revival online thanks to podcasts like the Thrilling Adventure Hour and Decorder Ring Theatre . Maggs is a smart choice for the format ; his radio resume is almost impeccable , with shows based on the works of Douglas Adams , Spike Milligan and the Goons and the Marx Brothers amongst many others , and he has multiple awards under his metaphorical belt on both sides of the Atlantic for his work throughout the years .
The series already has three half-hour episodes available online , with three more to come . All episodes will be made available internationally to stream via BBC 's Radio iPlayer until March 29 .
Source : William Murphy
A FORMER CHIEF executive in a consultancy marketing firm has threatened to publicly divulge the names , addresses and bank details of customers of “ the largest mobile phone company in the State ” unless paid €135,000 by tomorrow morning , the High Court was told today .
Ex-CEO Sean McGrath told his former employer Madcalm Limited , Monksland , Athlone , Co Roscommon , that “ you do n't want to f * * k with me on this ” , Ms Justice Miriam O'Regan heard .
Ryan Baird , a company director with Madcalm , told the court McGrath warned him at a meeting that he had data files on the mobile phone company 's customers and that he already had a third party lined up to put them out there .
“ If you do n't pay me the money I will f * * k you guys and if you try to go to anyone else about this I will f * * k you , ” Baird claimed McGrath had told him before getting up and leaving the meeting .
Barrister Brian Conroy , counsel for Madcalm , obtained injunctions restraining McGrath from disseminating by any means to any third parties the confidential information he claimed he would distribute to others . He was allowed to serve McGrath notice of the court 's order to his email today .
Judge O'Regan also restrained McGrath from threatening , approaching or communicating with any official of Madcalm or its clients .
Consultancy
Mr Baird told the court that Madcalm provided consultancy marketing services to telecommunications companies , particularly mobile phone operators to assist them in acquiring and retaining customers .
He said Sean McGrath had been made a director , CEO and 20 % shareholder of the company in October 2011 , but three years later differences of opinion led to his exit after he was bought out of the company for a figure of €65,000 .
McGrath had contacted him on 23 August last and arranged a meeting at which he claimed he valued his worth to Madcalm at €200,000 but had been paid only €65,000 and demanded a further €135,000 .
Baird said that when he told McGrath he was not comfortable or willing to have any discussion with him for additional money McGrath had told him : “ Well you need to be because I can ruin you guys . You do n't want to f * * k with me on this . ”
Mr Conroy told the judge that McGrath had texted Baird telling him he could be engaged on a consultancy basis for 18 retainer payments of €7,500 ( €135,000 ) with a first payment due in his bank account by 20 September , tomorrow morning .
Baird said McGrath had sought to extort money from Madcalm by threatening to ruin the company 's business through disclosing confidential information which he unlawfully had taken from the company in breach of confidence and in breach of his exit agreement .
To assist with a marketing campaign in 2013 Madcalm had been permitted by the largest mobile phone company in the State to copy certain information in relation to customers of that company and through an administrative error the files included personal bank account details of those customers .
The error had been identified soon afterwards and the details , in compliance with data protection legislation in the mobile phone business , had been permanently deleted . McGrath would have been “ well aware ” of this , Baird said .
He said disclosure of “ this sensitive personal information ” could very seriously damage Madcalm 's business and have a very serious effect on the individuals whose personal data was threatened to be disclosed .
“ It is quite conceivable that it could destroy Madcalm given that he has threatened to disclose the information immediately if not paid the first instalment on Tuesday 20 September , ” Mr Baird said .
Comments are closed for legal reasons
Russian President Vladimir Putin has been ranked the most powerful person in the world by Forbes . He topped the list of the 72 world figures that “ matter the most , ” while US President Barack Obama was rated second .
Putin 's Syria “ chess match ” that prevented the US strike , and his having the last word in the diplomatic row over the fugitive NSA whistleblower , Edward Snowden , did n't go unnoticed with the editorial rating of the influential American business magazine , and were noted among the reasons for his top place .
This , added to Obama 's recent political failures and scandals surrounding his second term , have cost the US President the first position he achieved last year , with a “ clear idea of the shift in the power towards Putin on the global stage . ”
The Russian President also “ outstripped ” the likes of the Chinese leader Xi Jinping ( ranked # 3 ) , the German Chancellor Angela Merkel ( who “ fell ” to # 5 from # 2 over the year ) , and the Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud ( # 8 ) .
Curiously , Pope Francis was ranked # 4 , with the reason being he is “ the spiritual leader of 1.2 billion Catholics , or about 1/6th of the world 's population , ” as stated in the media 's details on its “ methodology . ”
Other seemingly unexpected entries in the Forbes ' list include European Central Bank President Mario Draghi ( # 9 ) outstripping the rank of the UK Prime Minister David Cameron ( # 11 ) . 29-year-old Mark Zuckerberg ( CEO Facebook ) managed two ranks above the Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu .
Apparently , Putin 's first place on Forbes could n't appear without ready-made clichés in the description and accompanying articles , with terms like “ autocratic leader , ” “ ex-KGB strongman , ” and “ dictator ” littered everywhere . His counterpart Obama , on the other hand , has been depicted as “ the handcuffed head of the most dominant country , ” but still the “ leader of the free world . ”
While giving Putin an optimistic forecast for his possible stay in office until 2024 , Forbes was more negative towards Obama , saying that his “ lame duck period ” has already set in .
This is not the first time that Putin has led the “ most influential ” rating compiled by Western media . In 2012 , Putin outdid everyone on the list of the international political think tank , Eurasia Group , published by the Foreign Policy magazine . However , the first place on the list was left ostensibly empty to symbolize the think tank 's concept of “ no clear leader ” in the modern world .
Image caption Mr Corona is accused of failing to declare millions of dollars in more than 80 bank accounts
Philippines Chief Justice Renato Corona - facing impeachment for allegedly breaching public trust and violating the constitution - has dramatically attempted to walk out of his own trial .
Giving evidence in his own defence , Mr Corona denounced the proceedings as a personal vendetta orchestrated by President Benigno Aquino .
He was impeached in December , accused of various malpractices by Congress .
Mr Corona strongly and tearfully denied the allegations on Tuesday .
He is being impeached on a total of eight counts , including failure to disclose assets and corruption .
`` I did not steal a single centavo from the government , '' said during his three hours of giving evidence . The 63-year-old repeatedly broke down as he did so .
`` I did not violate any law , '' he said .
Correspondents say that he later stunned the court by standing up and trying to leave .
But in what correspondents have described as an unusual showdown between two branches of government , Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile ordered a lock-down of the entire Senate building , forcing him to return for a short time to the proceedings .
His lawyers say that as a diabetic , he felt unwell .
'Smoking gun '
The 23-member Senate - the upper house of the Philippine parliament - will decide whether Mr Corona should be unseated for breach of public trust and violation of the constitution .
Image caption The trial has captivated people in the Philippines
He has told ABS CBN TV station that `` only death '' could remove him from office . `` If they want to remove me from my post , they should kill me , '' he said .
Most of his testimony on Tuesday sought to discredit Mr Aquino as well as Ombudsman Conchita Morales , who released documents on the chief justice 's alleged 82 bank accounts that prosecutors have described as a `` smoking gun '' .
Denying that he stole any money , Mr Corona said that he would allow his bank accounts to be open for inspection if the 188 lawmakers who supported his impeachment did the same thing .
Correspondents say that the trial has captivated many people in the country , with millions watching the case live on TV .
A guilty verdict on any of the three charges would lead to his removal from office .
The government would then be able to pursue charges against him over his alleged hidden wealth .
MOSCOW -- A prominent Russian prank-calling duo confessed Wednesday that they had fooled singer Elton John into thinking he had a heartfelt discussion about LGBT rights with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
`` Yes , it was us , '' Vladimir Krasnov , who goes by the nickname Vovan , told the Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda . He said an 11-minute recording of the conversation would be played Wednesday on a Russian late-night comedy show .
The telephone conversation produced a warm note on Instagram from John , who unexpectedly posted a portrait of Putin earlier this week and wrote : “ Thank-you to President Vladimir Putin for reaching out and speaking via telephone with me today . I look forward to meeting with you face-to-face to discuss LGBT equality in Russia. ” He added the hashtag # sharethelove .
Thank-you to President Vladimir Putin for reaching out and speaking via telephone with me today . I look to forward to meeting with you face-to-face to discuss LGBT equality in Russia . @ president_vladimir_putin @ ejaf # lgbt # lgbtrights # ShareTheLove A photo posted by Elton John ( @ eltonjohn ) on Sep 14 , 2015 at 8:11am PDT
For just a moment , it seemed that John 's star power could break through the acrimonious debate over Russian laws against `` gay propaganda '' that were adopted to international condemnation in 2013 . John told the BBC last week that he would `` love to sit down '' with Putin and try to change his mind about the laws .
That moment was short lived . Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov soon denied that the conversation ever took place , while John 's manager insisted that it had .
Enter Vovan and Lexus ( real name Alexey Stolyarov ) , who admitted Wednesday that they impersonated Putin and his press secretary and reached John by phone in the early afternoon in London .
`` Elton John was very much waiting for his call , so he immediately believed in the reality of the conversation with the people that we said we were , '' Krasnov said . `` He said : `` Thank you , you 've made my day . This day and conversation were the most remarkable and beautiful in my life ! ''
Krasnov 's remarks to the newspaper were brief , and it was not immediately clear why they chose to target John . While their list of victims has included garden-variety Russian celebrities , they have focused on political enemies of the Kremlin , including former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili , former heavyweight boxer and now Kiev mayor Vitali Klitschko , Ukrainian oligarch Ihor Kolomoisky , and Russian journalist and socialite Ksenia Sobchak .
Read more :
Putin defends Moscow 's deliveries of weapons to Syrian army
Former Russian rebels trade war in Ukraine for post life in Moscow
Tom Hardy is explosive as Mad Max , but he 's had a lot of great roles in the past . If you 're obsessed with him right now , our Tom Hardy quiz will tell you which of his wonderful characters is the best fit for you !
Tom Hardy is everywhere right now . The incredibly versatile actor is currently the recipient of of much acclaim from critics and fans alike for his performance in Mad Max : Fury Road . Movie buffs are calling him the next great action hero , and tumblr fandom is in love with him for his sweet nature and his defense of the film 's strong feminist themes . Hardy has been on the cusp of super-stardom for a while now — ever since Christopher Nolan started casting him in things — and it looks like 2015 is his year .
Related : The craziest death machines and destructions from Mad Max past and present
Mad Max : Fury Road may be the movie that elevates Tom Hardy to ‘ iconic ' status , but he has a fantastic back catalog as well . Throughout his career , Hardy has proved over and over that he 's an actor with formidable range . His upcoming 2015 releases are an further example of this – he 'll star in London Road , a British musical film adaptation of the National Theatre production of the same name , and in Legend , the 1960s biopic of famous identical gangsters Ronnie and Reggie Kray . And yes , he 's playing both twins . Hardy tackles every genre he attempts with gusto and ease , undergoing extreme physical transformations and mining the depths of his heart to give emotional and vulnerable performances . He 's played a host of memorable , lovable and bad-ass characters , but where do your loyalties lie ? Take our Tom Hardy quiz and find out !
Not done figuring yourself out yet ? Check some of our other personality quizzes !
Which Tom Hardy role are you ? Do you agree with your results ?
Related : Eleven Mad Max : Fury Road Easter eggs you may have missed
According to official census returns from Roman Egypt ( first to third centuries CE ) preserved on papyrus , 23.5 % of all documented marriages in the Arsinoites district in the Fayum ( n = 102 ) were between brothers and sisters . In the second century CE , the rates were 37 % in the city of Arsinoe and 18.9 % in the surrounding villages . Documented pedigrees suggest a minimum mean level of inbreeding equivalent to a coefficient of inbreeding of 0.0975 in second century CE Arsinoe . Undocumented sources of inbreeding and an estimate based on the frequency of close-kin unions ( corrected downwards to 30 % for Arsinoe ) indicate a mean coefficient of inbreeding of F = 0.15-0.20 in Arsinoe and of F = 0.10-0.15 in the villages at the end of the second century CE . These values are several times as high as any other documented levels of inbreeding . A schematic estimate of inbreeding depression in the offspring of full sibling couples indicates that fertility in these families had to be 20-50 % above average to attain reproduction at replacement level . In the absence of information on the amount of genetic load in this population , this estimate may be too high .
New Delhi : The Narendra Modi government faces the tough challenge of kick-starting the economy and creating millions of jobs , at a time when the external demand is subdued and domestic investment is yet to pick up .
With a million people joining the workforce every month and the growing pace of migration to cities , there will be challenges on multiple fronts , including sustainable urbanization , socioeconomic mobility , environmental degradation and infra deficit .
To discuss such challenges facing the Indian economy , the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) will organize a National Strategy Day on India , in collaboration with lobby group Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII ) , on 3-4 November to set an agenda for sustainable development .
More than 250 national stakeholders and leaders from government , business and civil society will participate in a new , one-day format under the theme called Delivering Growth in the New Context , to be inaugurated by finance minister Arun Jaitley .
“ Participants will deliberate on forces of change in India within the context of five of the World Economic Forum 's Global Challenges , including Agriculture and Food Security ; Environment and Resource Security ; Employment , Skills and Human Capital ; Long-term Investing ; Infrastructure and Urban Development ; and Financial Inclusion , '' according to a WEF statement .
The significant slowdown in the Chinese economy , which has held back the prospects of a quick revival in global growth , has also impacted India 's growth outlook . Though India 's trade and investment exposure to China remains minimal , overall sheepish global demand scenario has had an impact on India 's merchandise as well as services exports .
India 's merchandise exports contracted for the 10th month in a row in September , cumulatively shrinking 18 % to $ 134 billion in the first six months of the financial year .
India 's economy grew 7 % in the first quarter of 2015-16 .
The finance ministry expects it to pick up and grow in excess of 7.5 % , even as most private and multilateral agencies have projected growth to be around or below 7.5 % .
Standard and Poor 's ( S & P ) last month said while India 's growth is outperforming that of its peers and is picking up modestly , domestic supply-side factors will increasingly bind economic performance . “ We note that the government has little ability to undertake counter-cyclical fiscal policy , given its current debt load , '' it added .
The World Bank also said in a report last week that a likely rise in oil prices , a drop in corporate tax rates and the burden of the Seventh Pay Commission will make it tough for government to stick to its fiscal consolidation roadmap starting 2016-17 .
The centre has pledged to bring down fiscal deficit to 3.9 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) in 2015-16 , and further to 3.5 % and 3 % in the next two years .
In such a scenario , analysts say that the government should undertake economic reforms at an accelerated pace to kick-start growth .
The World Bank in its report said a faster economic recovery hinges on the implementation of key reforms such as enacting the goods and services tax ( GST ) , boosting the balance sheets of public-sector banks , rebooting the public-private partnership model , improving ease of doing business and amending laws on land acquisition and labour .
A. Subbarao , group chief financial officer of RPG Enterprises , said that the government should think about alternative sources for making land available to industry . “ It is tough for the government to acquire fertile ( agricultural ) land for industry . There are several notified forest area where there is no forest . The government should make these lands available to the industry . Last , but not the least , it should implement GST as soon as possible , '' said Subbarao .
Firms are also looking forward to a simpler income-tax act and faster settlement of disputes . The promised revamp of the dispute resolution panels to ensure more non-partisan rulings could go a long way in stemming disputes .
They are also looking for some finality on the implications of retrospective amendments to tax laws . Promised amendments to the income-tax act at the earliest will help to finally bury the controversy over levy of a minimum alternate tax on foreign investors who do not have a place of permanent establishment in India .
With regards to transfer pricing , an area which has seen huge litigation , the twin impact of new computational methods and revamped administrative guidelines for handling of such cases should provide a reprieve to companies in the next round of transfer pricing audits .
Finance minister Jaitley has also promised to make Indian corporate tax rates more competitive . India proposes to lower corporate tax rates to 25 % from 30 % over the next five years .
To be sure , this will be accompanied by a corresponding phasing out of various exemptions that can also help in reducing the number of disputes .
On the indirect tax front , implementation of GST remains a key unfulfilled promise of the National Democratic Alliance .
With the constitution amendment awaiting legislative passage in the Rajya Sabha , the government 's roll-out date of 1 April 2016 is set to be missed . The government , however , can implement GST at the beginning of any month next year due to the transactional nature of the tax .
asit.m @ livemint.com
P.R . Sanjai from Mumbai contributed to this story .
Artwork and promo images courtesy of Burning Games
High school was Shadowrun . There were n't a lot of games in the 90s that openly encouraged you to be brown , queer , and angry as hell . Our group was Somali , Mexican , Thai , Black , and Native . We were mixed and mestiza . The descendants of refugees , slaves , the subaltern . We were pissed-off teenage queers of color in an upper middle-class and exceptionally white suburb . In the “ Capital of the Confederacy , ” we were outsiders who had to keep our mouths shut all week long .
Shadowrun let us be loud .
We gathered in smoky bedrooms and trash basements as GZA 's Liquid Swords pumped from a boombox , and indulged in our fantasies of revolution . We bombed a “ Human ” ( read : white ) supremacist rally in the California Free State . Stole top-secret R & D data from Aztechnology and gave it away to indigenous revolutionaries . We fried the brains of government officials as razorgirls eviscerated their bodyguards . Beneath the polished chrome and neon towers of the elite , we set the fire of our rebellions .
Poor , dirty , and snarling—it felt good .
Then , one night , it was over . A contact betrayed us . We could n't roll for shit . And the armed forces of the Confederation of American States finally caught up with what was left of us . Firing blindly , I straddled my troll girlfriend 's large brown body , trying desperately to keep some blood inside her . I did n't notice the two snipers .
Pop . Pop . The campaign was over .
We 'd finally been silenced . Our GM took his glasses off , rubbed his eyes and said “ I 'm sorry , y'all. ” Over three years , we had embodied these characters , waged guerrilla campaigns against brakes-off global capitalism , helped bankroll anti-colonial militias , and now we were just dead . It was a lot to take in .
We shared a joint between the five of us and played Smash Brothers .
Tabletop roleplaying games are vehicles for navigating the tumultuous intersection of identities and beliefs . In sharing these collaborative storytelling sessions , players can interrogate ourselves , and our world . We can explore possibilities and support each other through our darkest fears and failures .
But RPGs are still just a framework . A series of systems and settings designed to adjudicate action and simulate facets of reality . Like all systems , they are unquestionably political—even if those politics are murky and contradictory .
It 's easy to dismiss Spanish developer Burning Games ' latest Kickstarter initiative as regressive colonial garbage . In fact , when I initially accepted the invitation to write this piece , part of me felt I was being contracted to do what some would argue I do best—rip into games that play dress-up with indigeneity . After a cursory glance at Burning Games ' Twitter and the Kickstarter page , I accepted it . I put on my best Magua and made ready to eat the heart of Pale Face once again .
Described as a “ living fantasy role playing setting , ” Dragons Conquer America invites players to travel back to the “ 16th Century , when European invaders reached American soil and unleashed a genocidal conquest ” —albeit with dragons . Even this description is complicated . Europeans are correctly identified as invaders , their conquest is correctly called genocidal—but it still describes these inhabited pre-Columbian lands as “ American soil . ”
Throughout their promos . Europeans are described as genocidal , greedy , violent , conquerors , but still as intrepid explorers . For every artwork depicting the vibrant grandeur of pre-Columbian Tenochtitlan , there 's a sexed-up Mexica priestess with a ski-slope nose and enviable Restylane pout . Mesoamerican religious traditions are acknowledged as distinct and with the same gravity as Judeo-Christian beliefs .
However , they 're still fraught with offensive tropes like blood rituals and human sacrifice . While slavery does make an appearance in both factions , it 's not treated with distinctiveness or depth . European women characters can choose the unique class Dragon Rider ( which is exactly what it sounds like ) , whereas indigenous women characters can choose Courtesan ( which is exactly what it sounds like ) . The game does n't diminish “ the great domain we know today as the Aztec Empire , ” but in the same breath as it describes the “ daring campaigns of Captain Hernán Cortés. ” There 's nothing daring about a desperate white man willing to slaughter an entire nation to satisfy his need for gold and fame .
This game is engaged in a colonial tug of war with itself .
Lead designer and co-founder Carlos Gómez Quintana has said his interest in the Mexica derives from an early encounter with Gary Jennings ' Aztec , a flawed text rife with noble savagery . This is really what binds everything in Dragons Conquer America together .
Like Jennings ' novel , the creators of Dragons Conquer America places a high regard on maintaining historical accuracy . They use Nahuatl and other indigenous languages , identify multiple Mesoamerican civilizations by name , and include minutiae on the physical trappings of those cultures . They sympathize with indigenous populations and rebuke Spain 's incursion—up to a point .
Unfortunately , like Aztec , the game ultimately does n't convert this historical understanding into a sense of real cultural understanding , it undercuts its own political stance .
Some might argue that this is because , as Gómez Quintana tells me , Álvarez is not indigenous .
`` I would n't have dared getting into this game , these subjects , without a Mexican writer . He is not a history specialist nor indigenous , but a game writer ; however , his sources include the most respected historians in Mexico , such as Alfredo López and Miguel León Portilla . And he , like us , has a strong anti-colonial bias. ” Honestly this game owes a huge debt to León Portilla 's The Broken Spears ( a popular and well-regarded monograph about Spanish conquest from an Nahuatl-language point of view ) . Still , is it enough to have a well-read Mexican writer handling this material ?
Indigenous Latinidad is complicated . Not all Mexicans are indigenous , but many are , and many more are n't fully aware of their indigeneity . The Mexican “ national identity ” itself is a fusion of pre-Columbian indigeneity with the complex history of colonization and the cultures of its colonizers . An argument can be made for Álvarez 's capabilities here . However , it 's still not appropriate for Álvarez to speak for the one Yaqui character or other indigenous North American peoples the game plans to include .
Like Mexico , nothing about this game is simple or easy , something Burning Games is acutely aware of . There is even a sidebar in Episode Zero : The Coatli Stone that states , “ We are aware of the delicate nature of portraying other cultures in media . That 's why we are telling a story we feel confident telling , a clash between the Mexica , the Maya , and the Spaniards ( the writer of DCA is Mexican and we are Spanish ourselves ) . ”
Gómez Quintana expressed the intention that players would examine “ both sides ” of the conflict ( the first two adventures are split between a Mexica party and a Spanish one ) . From a design perspective the most successful groups would include a mixture of European and indigenous player characters . It 's part of the way Burning Games is trying to temper players from simply indulging in genocidal rampages in a fantasy of Europe 's conquest of South America .
Another way is the system for a Tolerance Skill , which Gómez Quintana says is , “ a tool the GM has to get intolerant characters into trouble : You should n't have insulted your native guide if you wanted him to take you somewhere , or you should n't have spoken down on a spanish lady if you needed her help . The more tolerant your character is , the more control you have over him and the less likely you are to get into trouble just because you are not reasonable . ”
As a “ living ” game , players ' outcomes in their campaigns will be collected , and that data used to propel the metanarrative of Dragons Conquer America . Gómez Quintana tells me “ This might develop in a story in which the Spanish are driven back to Europe or , at least , can not conquer into the mainland . ”
He added , “ I want to think that people in our hobby are educated beyond that . In general , most gaming groups have strict codes of conduct on their gaming tables . People tend to make clear from the beginning what is acceptable in that group and what isn't. ” And while I want to share his optimism , this could just as easily mean the Spanish decimate the indigenous population , all over again .
Article continues below
With the systems that currently exist , there 's just no way to account for how players will act . Its politics are just too contradictory , and its encouragement of indigenous characters fighting monsters hand in hand with the architects of their genocide is a disaster .
Gómez Quintana tells me , “ Does this mean I can literally stop people who buy this game from playing as horrible people and behaving like monsters ? Although the game is not about that , no , I can not . ” And while it is literally impossible to stop players from playing at colonial violence , I think even messy games can guide players more successfully than Dragons Conquer America does .
Shadowrun is a mess .
It tries to explore capitalism , globalization , oppression of marginalized identities through its use of metahumanity—it 's also astoundingly racist , filled with stereotypes , and it considers indigenous religion the same as white people magic just with more feathers and different words .
It does all the things Dragons Conquer America does , and then some . It 's the midpoint between early cyberpunk fiction that actively engages politically , and the aesthetic veneer of 2016 's Ghost in the Shell .
But despite trying to critique capitalism while selling dozens of books filled with nothing but fluff descriptions of guns , the game actively encourages players to be dirty , violent , and rebellious . I 'm sure it 's possible to play Shadowrun as a corporate stooge for Renraku . My group could have just as easily massacred that indigenous militia and gotten a hefty bounty from Aztechnology . But the game is n't going to help you do it . Its design and tone do n't want that . From the cover alone , it establishes the idea that you are the opposition to the elite and powerful—and you will absolutely need to meet their violence with your own .
Shadowrun is not a postcolonial game , but its framework allows us to tell postcolonial stories . And despite Burning Game 's best intentions , that 's not a trick I 'm confident Dragons Conquer America can pull off .
Perhaps a way of understanding this is that Dragons Conquer America wants players to indulge in power fantasies of being both Cowboy and Indian . That does n't sit well with me . As an indigenous woman , I 'm rarely afforded the opportunity to cut out Cortes ' still-beating heart and eat it as his soldiers quake in fear . But the options to enact violence against indigenous populations are many . A tabletop game that encourages me to play “ both sides , ” and create a party of indigenous characters working together with European invaders ( no matter how historically accurate ) feels bad in 2017 . Especially when I ca n't be assured that , in the end , we wo n't still lose . Living as an indigenous person already means constantly being told that you lost .
Not all readers will see a problem with this , and that speaks to the perniciousness of colonial thought . I believe that in creating this game , Burning Games had the best of intentions . As their Kickstarter states :
Without getting into the whole argument about political correctness , I think it 's important to make a game about the Conquest of America . The native cultures of America deserve their own game .
These cultures are so profoundly interesting , so magnificently different , that the World needs to know more about them , see more about them .
But even this statement looks at indigeneity through tired , colonial eyes . It 's outsiders doing something for Natives . We 're all taught the lies of colonial powers from day one . “ The Indians lost because whites are superior. ” Indigenous people at best are seen as wards ( in many cases , we legally are ) . We 're to be protected , but corralled . Only given what little our invaders deem okay , we 're expected to smile when our stories are told for us by outsiders .
While Burning Games can call conquistadors genocidal , they still want to speak for us . And in the end , no matter how anti-colonial its creators want to be , the game they 're crafting is n't .
Conficker has gotten more than its share of coverage as probably the most important malware in the last year , but this next week will see a whole lot more . The latest variant of the worm , Conficker.C , is programmed to do something on April 1 . Exactly what it 's going to do and how big a deal it will be for all of us , nobody can really say for sure .
The A and especially B variants of this worm ( also known as Downadup ) built a botnet in the several million system range , almost exclusively through exploitation of the MS08-067 vulnerability in Windows . Conficker added some innovative techniques to update itself though a large number of domains , the names of which were algorithmically generated by the program . Because the names were deterministic , it was possible for the DNS authorities ( VeriSign , et al ) to block the names and , with few exceptions , the worm has been unable to spread since that point several weeks ago .
Then C came along . It adds a number of defensive measures designed to protect itself from detection and removal and it ratchets up the number of domains it can check for updates . As this very large and thorough analysis of Conficker.C from SRI International says , `` ... Conficker C increases the number of daily domain names generated , from 250 to 50,000 potential Internet rendezvous points . Of these 50,000 domains , only 500 are queried , and unlike previous versions , they are queried only once per day . '' Thus C should generate less traffic than the earlier versions , especially in as much as it filters the IP addresses for these domains to make them work better and avoid detection .
Avoiding detection is a major theme with Conficker.C . It 's not the first malware to try to defend itself in-memory against security software and diagnostic tools , but C does a lot of this . For instance , it disables Windows Automatic Updates and the Windows Security Center . My impression from talking to anti-malware vendors is that they can still detect it and I 'm inclined to believe them ; after all , there are just a few variants of Conficker and they 're well-understood .
Some security experts such as Eset are urging you to back up in advance of April 1 and to make sure that your security software is working properly . Of course ( and they say this too ) these are things you should do in any event . But make sure that the update mechanisms for Windows and your anti-malware are actually occurring because Conficker can turn them off .
But the big news with C is that the code is scheduled to come alive on April 1 and start contacting the 50,000 domains and download something . What will they download ? What will it make the bots do ? Honestly , nobody knows . This is the great mystery .
Another question you might ask is if the DNS powers that be stopped the propagation mechanism for Conficker A and B , how did C spread ? Perhaps it 's not that widespread after all ? I asked Richard Wang , Manager SophosLabs , US about this . He stresses that it 's hard to know for sure how much Conficker C is out there because they 're laying low until April 1 . Among their customers C is 6 % of the Conficker population , but it 's not clear if that 's representative of the world overall . It is possible for C to spread in part because there is a direct push mechanism in B , allowing an outside system to contact it and provide a domain name from which it should download an update , presumably C .
Conficker is really sophisticated as malware goes . It 's clear that its authors are smart people and perhaps that 's what 's got security people worried . But the only rational way to approach this is to do the things you know you need to do anyway and then not get hung up on it . Remember , there 's a very good chance that on April 1 nothing much will happen .
The BBC has criticised Iran for imposing an asset freeze on staff at its London-based Persian-service , the latest crackdown against the corporation 's Iranian employees .
Tehran 's judicial authorities have issued a court order listing more than 150 BBC Persian journalists and former contributors , preventing them from conducting financial transactions or selling properties in their homeland because of their affiliation with the British media organisation .
BBC Persian is banned in Iran but its radio shows and TV channel are still popular with an audience hungry for news not reported by the state-run channels . They are watched by millions of Iranians via illegal satellite dishes on residential rooftops . The broadcaster says it has an audience of 13 million in Iran , making it BBC News ' seventh-biggest market worldwide .
Its Iranian staff , who have been victims of a campaign of intimidation and smears in recent years , are unable to return to Iran for fear of reprisal , and most – if not all – BBC Persian staff can not visit their families back home .
“ We deplore what appears to be a targeted attack on BBC Persian staff , former staff , and some contributors . It is appalling that anyone should suffer legal or financial consequences because of their association with the BBC , ” said Francesca Unsworth , director of the BBC World Service .
“ We call upon the Iranian authorities to reverse this order urgently and allow BBC staff and former staff to enjoy the same financial rights as their fellow citizens . ”
The latest crackdown is a sign that the authorities are renewing pressure on the corporation , and stepping up a wider crackdown on journalists after the re-election of Hassan Rouhani as president .
Iran is “ one of the world 's five biggest prisons for journalists ” , according to Reporters Without Borders . At least 10 journalists and 17 citizen-journalists are incarcerated . It emerged on Sunday that Sasan Aghaei , an Iranian journalist with the reformist Etemaad newspaper , had been arrested .
About 140 employees work for BBC Persian from outside Iran , but authorities have maintained a campaign of harassment against them by summoning their family members who live in the country . A number of staff have also been victims of false allegations of sexual misconduct , duplicated Facebook accounts , fake blogs and online identity theft designed to discredit them .
The Guardian understands that at least one BBC Persian employee has been prevented from leaving Iran after visiting her home country . The UK has refused to grant visas to a number of family members to visit the journalists in the UK .
Britain , often dubbed by Iranian hardliners “ the old fox ” , has a special place in Iranian official demonology . They consider BBC Persian as a subversive arm of Britain Secret Intelligence Service , MI6 , aimed at fomenting regime change in Iran .
Historical suspicions dates back to the 1941 Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran and later to the still unacknowledged MI6-engineered coup against the country 's first democratically elected prime minister , Mohammad Mossadegh , who had dared to nationalise the Anglo-Iranian oil company .
BBC News said on its website that the latest ruling against BBC Persian staff was issued by Shahid Moghadas courthouse , which is based in Tehran 's Evin prison . “ The BBC was not notified of the court order , and only learned about the asset freeze when a relative of a BBC Persian employee tried to sell a property on their behalf , ” said a news article carried by the BBC .
The imprisonment of British-Iranian woman Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe , who has been sentenced to five years in jail , may also be connected to Iran 's hostile view of the BBC . Her husband , who has condemned the criminal charges as “ a self-serving fabrication ” , has indicated that her imprisonment might be connected to her previous work at the BBC in London .
In April 2011 , not long after Julia Gillard was returned to power in the 2010 federal election , I asked a representative sample of Australians about their attitudes to climate policy .
Climate was a water-cooler issue at the time . The carbon tax legislation had been introduced into Parliament in March , paving the way for a subsequent emissions trading scheme .
That scheme bit the dust in 2014 after becoming a hotly debated issue during the rancorous 2013 election campaign , but carbon policy has not had the same high profile during the current campaign . My colleagues and I decided to repeat our survey and see whether attitudes really have cooled on global warming .
Despite climate policy being something of a sleeper issue in this election , our results suggest that concern about the climate is more widespread now than it was five years ago .
We found that 75 % of people surveyed believe it to be an important global issue , and 74 % see climate as an important issue for Australia .
As to what we should do about it , we found that 57 % of people want Australia to act on climate change irrespective of whether other countries do or not . This is significantly more than in 2011 , when 50 % of people were in this category .
A further 28 % in our new survey think that action should be taken only if there were concerted international policy action , whereas just 15 % would prefer that Australia take no action at all . When asked why they did not want to proceed , 34 % of them stated that they only wanted to proceed if global action was taken .
These are fairly clear indicators that Australians are not complacent about the need for climate action .
What policies do voters want ?
Both of the major political parties have committed to emissions targets : the Liberals have a target of a 26-28 % reduction relative to 2005 levels by 2030 , whereas Labor has pledged a 45 % cut over the same time frame . Both are modest in comparison with the Climate Change Authority 's recommended cut of 40-60 % by 2030 relative to 2000 levels .
As for the policies needed to meet these targets , Labor has proposed an emissions trading scheme , but some details are still vague . The Liberal Party is persisting with its Direct Action plan to “ auction ” emissions reduction projects to the cheapest corporate bidders .
Our survey , however , suggests that many voters ' preferred policy is a mixture , potentially including a carbon tax , an emissions trading scheme and other direct action policies . Some 40 % of respondents preferred this policy mix , up from 31 % in 2011 . Support for carbon taxation or emissions trading as standalone policies both fell relative to five years ago .
When divided according to voting intentions , all groups preferred a policy mix to any of the other choices . This preference was strongest for “ unsure voters ” , who made up nearly a quarter of our respondents . For Labor and Greens voters , the most favoured second-choice option was a carbon tax , while no single policy ( not even Direct Action ) came a close second among Liberal voters .
The numbers get even more intriguing when we split them by gender , age and income . We found that 82 % of females see the issue of climate change as important at a global level , and the same proportion described it as important at a local level ; this was 15 and 16 percentage points , respectively , greater than among their male counterparts . There was a similar 15-point gender difference in the desire to proceed on climate policy irrespective of global action .
This desire for climate policy irrespective of global action was the dominant view in every age group , although we found that it declined among older groups . The 55-59 age group was the weakest in its support for climate action and the most likely ( at 36 % ) to select “ no policy ” as the desired climate response .
In our 2011 study , higher incomes were associated with less desire for climate policy . This was replicated in 2016 , as can be seen in the graph below – note the significant increase in support for “ no climate action ” among those with salaries over A $ 110,000 .
As these stats show , concern about climate change is relatively steady until we get to the highest income bracket , where it drops off significantly . There are several potential explanations , including the suggestion that those with higher incomes will be less adversely affected by climate change because they can afford to ameliorate its impacts .
But if there is a take-home message for politicians in these numbers , I would suggest it is this : even in those groups with the lowest levels of climate concern , a majority is still worried about the issue and wants to see action .
Perhaps , in the midst of the longest election campaign since the 1960s , it might be worth finding a bit more time to acknowledge that .
Read Francisco Goldman 's first report from Mexico .
On Sunday morning , a heartbreaking headline appeared on the news Web site SinEmbargo , which is based here in Mexico City : “ I Know My Son Is Alive and That He Will Be a Teacher. ” The speaker was Manuel Martínez , the thirty-five-year-old father of a seventeen-year-old boy named Mario , who has been missing since September 26th , along with many of his classmates at the Ayotzinapa Normal teacher-training school . That night , according to witness testimonies and the confessions of those arrested in the case , six students from the school were murdered by municipal police and other gunmen , and forty-three others were “ disappeared ” in the small city of Iguala , in the Pacific-coast state of Guerrero .
The Martínezes are indigenous Huave from the impoverished seaside village of San Mateo del Mar , in Oaxaca . Martínez told SinEmbargo 's Humberto Padgett that he 'd also studied at Ayotzinapa , twenty years before , and that his son had long dreamed of following in his footsteps . Like many other rural schoolteachers , Martínez built his little school with his own hands , out of planks and zinc sheeting . “ All the rural schools are bad , ” he said . “ Here and in the country , education is in terrible shape . ... In my school , we do n't even have electricity . The students live in the same conditions we do , or a little worse , because they live on just corn and beans , and from their tomato and chile_ _harvests . ... None of them owns a pair of shoes ; they use huaraches or sandals . ”
Martínez went on , “ The authorities should pay for what they 've done because they 've done the very worse that you can do , to the most humble of people . ”
The country has been seized by the story of the missing forty-three , though many refuse to believe the worst until it can no longer be denied—my dentist , for example , says that this is all just a student prank that went too far , and that the students will turn up any day now , sheepish and contrite . Meanwhile , concealed graves full of human remains keep turning up in the mountains and hillsides of impoverished Guerrero . One recently discovered grave held sandals and backpacks . Federal authorities discovered yet another grave on Monday , in the municipal dump of remote Cocula . There has been speculation that the grave could hold the remains of at least some of the students , but nothing has been confirmed yet . An announcement from the government could come any minute , or it might not come at all . Even if the government does announce that it believes it has found the students , it could take weeks before the independent Argentine forensics team working on the case can complete its DNA testing . That might be all the time that President Enrique Peña Nieto 's government will have to prepare for the widespread social tumult and condemnation that a confirmation of the students ' deaths is likely to provoke .
Every day , here in Mexico City and around the country , there are marches and other civic actions , most of them peaceful . On Wednesday , students from Instituto Politécnico Nacional , a large university in Mexico City , took control of toll booths on the highways leading into the city and allowed traffic to pass without paying . In Guerrero , protestors continue to burn government buildings . There will be a march in Mexico City on October 31st , coinciding with the Day of the Dead holidays , and a “ mega march ” is scheduled for November 5th , the day that Mexico 's universities and colleges are planning a national strike .
Many in Mexico have wondered why the missing forty-three have inspired such outrage in a country that has long since grown anesthetized to mass violence . This past June , twenty-two young people were massacred in a Mexico State warehouse by soldiers who claimed they 'd been engaged in a long gun battle . The victims included a seventeen-year-old girl who was shot in the head . Her mother , when she recovered the body , said a soldier 's boot imprint was still visible on her daughter 's face . The case would have been covered up had it not been for human-rights groups and some early Associated Press wire-service reports bringing it to light . Even then , the Attorney General 's office did n't agree to investigate the case until three more months had passed . Two weeks ago , in the city of Reynosa , a young physician and mother named María del Rosario Fuentes Rubio was kidnapped . She had been writing for the site Valor por Tamaulipas ( where people post information and warnings about local narco activities ) as an anonymous blogger , but narcos discovered her identity . Her murderers posted photos of her corpse on her Twitter account along with a tweeted message : “ Close your accounts , do n't put your families at risk like I did , I ask your forgiveness . ”
In the past , government authorities and many in the complicit media have relied on a worn playbook : stigmatize the victims , depict them as responsible for their own fates , or point out ways in which they were not “ ordinary Mexicans. ” Some have been trying to do the same with the missing forty-three , but the accusations and insinuations do n't resonate . Most of the students were still in their teens , in their first semester at the school , and came from impoverished communities that a majority of Mexicans can identify with ; they ca n't credibly be criminalized as “ guerrillas ” or “ narcos . ”
The outrage has brought a few promising results . The governor of Guerrero , Ángel Aguirre , finally stepped down last week after a month of angry demands for his resignation . And something about this particular crime makes it seem like something that has happened—is happening—before all of our eyes : the worst that can be done , to the most humble of people . Nearly everyone seems to feel a little responsible for it , if only for having voted for a Mexican politician in any recent election . The crisis of the forty-three missing students has exposed—in what is perhaps an unprecedentedly clear and dramatic way—the direct lines that connect the most corrupt local authorities to the most élite national politicians .
The now former mayor of Iguala , José Luis Abarca , and his wife , Maria de los Ángeles Pineda , who are accused by Federal authorities of having ordered the attack on the students , are currently on the run . The Mexican media , including the newspaper El Universal , have been reporting that Governor Aguirre and Maria de los Ángeles Pineda were lovers . The mayor 's wife , now known as Lady Iguala in the press and on social media , has two brothers who are thought to be leaders of the narco group Guerreros Unidos , which supplies a great deal of heroin to the United States . Lady Iguala was preparing to succeed her husband as mayor , and she was giving a big speech on the night that the missing students rolled into town . She allegedly used Guerreros Unidos money to keep local police on her private payroll . Governor Aguirre , according to newspaper accounts , used to send his nephew to Iguala to pick up money from his lover—so much money , and on such frequent visits , that the nephew became known locally as the Lord of the Suitcases , for the manner in which he took the money away .
On September 29th , shortly before he disappeared , Mayor Abarca met with Jesús Zambrano , a political godfather and one of the two national leaders of the Partido Revolucionario Democrático ( P.R.D . ) ; the other is Jesús Ortega , who is known as Los Chuchos . The pair is credited with having led the party away from its traditional position of critical leftist opposition and moving it closer to the Partido Revolucionario Instítucional ( P.R.I . ) , Mexico 's governing party . Aguirre , though he 'd once governed Guerrero for the P.R.I. , was reëlected governor in 2011 in a last-minute political “ marriage of convenience ” with the P.R.D . ; he is a longtime P.R.I . heavyweight and a friend of President Peña Nieto . Many other leading politicians have been connected to Aguirre or accused of having known what was going on in Iguala . According to widespread accounts , Peña Nieto 's government and his Attorney General 's office were informed , in 2013 , of the problem of organized crime and political corruption in Iguala and in other parts of Guerrero but did nothing about it . In this way , the tragedy of the missing students has thrown a spotlight on Mexico 's decadent political culture and has brought up important questions about the country 's mainstream parties .
* * *
On Tuesday , as I do most mornings , I asked SinEmbargo 's director , my friend Alejandro Páez Varela , what was new that day . “ We 're under attack ! ” he said . The site had become the target of a smear campaign mostly carried out on social networks . It has also received threats in person at its office doors , over the telephone , in e-mails , and in the digital forums on its own site . Most bizarrely , the Facebook page of a pop singer called Belinda , which has 7.5 million followers , was used to defame Páez Varela and other SinEmbargo journalists . ( Belinda has said that her account was hacked . ) An e-mail sent out last night by the site 's literary editor , Mónica Maristain , detailed the attacks : “ We believe these episodes are part of the same institutional and social decomposition that the country is suffering from. ” Officially , a hundred and two journalists have been murdered in Mexico since 2000 . Of all the crimes committed against journalists in Mexico , ninety-eight per cent have gone unpunished . Between January and June of 2014 , Maristain wrote , the group Article 19 , which monitors press-freedom issues , has counted sixty-six physical attacks and twenty-eight threats against journalists in Mexico .
When I arrived at the SinEmbargo 's offices on Tuesday , Alejandro Páez showed me some of the posts that had been appearing on Belinda 's Facebook page , and some of the thousands of subsequent “ bot ” posts and tweets that echoed them . Many of the posts claimed that Páez was wanted by the city prosecutor 's office on rape charges . They were accompanied by photographs of Páez—some of which had been taken from the Internet , and others that were fake or doctored . One photo , which purported to show Páez being led away by police with a jacket pulled over his face , was included in a post claiming that he had been arrested at the SinEmbargo offices that very day . Páez also told me about some of the threats that had been delivered to their office in person by mysterious men who said they had come on behalf of a politician who was offended by photographs the site had posted . “ Look around , it 's mostly young women working here , ” exclaimed Páez , “ and I feel responsible for their protection ! ” He told me that he was in the process of hiring security guards and having surveillance cameras installed .
Páez said that Peña Nieto had tailored his entire government to convince international and Mexican élites that his reforms—which are enacted by a corrupt Congress—have led to concrete advances for all Mexicans . Abroad , he has been applauded for his pantomime of a strong President ; at home , he has shirked all the responsibilities of governance . The country seems out of control , said Páez , because the government does n't exert its lawful power . “ Let 's face it , ” he said , “ You have to be a cabrón to govern this country. ” In Guerrero , as in states and localities all over Mexico , organized crime , with the support of corrupted or helpless authorities , rules over Mexico .
The voids in Mexico 's government are all too obvious now . The country seems to be trembling at the edge of a terrible cataclysm or , for the hopeful , an inspiring transformation . “ When a country has lost faith in all its institutions , it looks inward , or at itself in the mirror , in a search for solutions , ” a prominent political reporter for a major daily newspaper told me recently . ( He was fearful of repercussions should his name be used . ) He thinks that is what is happening now . He points to the birth and growth of a large number of citizens ' groups ( there has been increased participation in community self-defense groups , the student movement , and civic crusades against violence ) , and to the galvanized nationwide response to the tragedy of the missing students of Ayotzinapa Normal School .
The outcome of the national student strike will be revealing . How many universities , colleges , and institutes will stick with it , and for how long ? Will it spread to other areas of society , to the high schools , for example , as the recent student strikes in Chile did , bringing about significant changes in that country ? When masses of students boycott classes , it fills a country with an air of emergency and danger . The nation must ask itself what it will take to get them back into classrooms .
It 's also possible that the path to solving Mexico 's problems need not be so drastic . Flawed and abused as it has been , the country is still a democracy . It continues to have elections , which occur under the scrutiny of the international press ( for whatever that 's worth ) and election monitors . In 2000 , Mexican voters finally put an end to seventy-one years of authoritarian and corrupt P.R.I . rule , only to turn the government over to a rightist party , the National Action Party ( P.A.N . ) , which ended up , at the behest of the U.S. , plunging the country into the narco war , the results of which we are all living with now . Mexicans now have another chance to politically reinvent their country . Now is the time for new leaders and even new parties to emerge from the civic movements and from outside the discredited political establishment . What many Mexicans have been telling me is this : It 's either now or never .
2 SHARES Share Tweet
So you fancy yourself a progressive . Maybe you call yourself an “ ally. ” You know things about movements and about activism and you wax poetic about revolution and justice and solidarity . You 're anti-poverty , anti-gentrification , anti-war , anti-capitalism , anti-globalization , and anti-corporation . You call yourself a settler because you 're on land that is not yours — land your ancestors stole from people they raped and abused and tried to destroy . You talk about your privilege : your male privilege , your white privilege , your cis privilege , your class privilege , your thin privilege , your fucking full-head-of-hair privilege . Whatever it is — you 've checked it . All of it . You 've listed it all on your Twitter profile . We get that you get it . Congratulations , you 're fucking radical .
So how about some solidarity .
I 'm still shocked at how little women 's lives matter to progressives . You seem to be able to wrap your heads around just about everything else but female oppression ( or you claim to , in any case ) . Over and over again I watch women leave abusers only to see them be propped up by other men and women as progressives and radicals , supported by their communities . Women are betrayed time and time again by those who are meant to be their allies . And it fucking hurts .
I do n't think most men know how it feels . How painful it is to watch someone who abused you or raped you be accepted by your friends , your comrades , your so-called allies . To watch everyone else forget that which will always be with you .
Women fucking matter . I matter . My sisters matter .
You probably talk about how bad rape is . It 's so bad . Other men should stop doing it .
I bet you think domestic abuse is wrong too . Or I bet you say it is , anyway . “ You do n't hit girls , ” you tell your buddies . You 're a fucking hero .
But you do n't get it . You do n't get it because it has n't happened to you . And because it has n't happened to you , at the end of the day , you do n't really care , do you ?
Here 's a thing . Rape does n't always look the way you want it to . Neither does abuse .
We do n't need to show you black eyes or broken bones to prove a man is abusive . We fucking know . Abuse is psychological , verbal , and emotional just as much as it is physical — if not moreso . We know what abuse is . We know because it happened to us . And you do n't get to decide whether or not it 's real .
But you do .
How many times do we need to humiliate ourselves ? What do we need to say to you to convince you what happened to us was real ? And serious ? How many times do we have to tell our stories — the stories that embarrass us , that make us feel ashamed , that make us feel weak and stupid and like hypocrites . Because why would we put up with that treatment . Why did we go back . Why did we stay . Why did we let him into our beds .
I 'm tired of telling you these stories . I 'm tired of telling my sisters ' stories . Just for you to feel awkward but , you know , move on . There 's work to do .
I 've watched my abusive ex continue to thrive in his community — join all the boards , the parent-teacher groups , spearhead community initiatives . What a guy ! And hey , he did n't abuse you , so WHO 'S TO SAY . And who cares when there 's progressive work to be done ! Real progressive work . Work that matters . Not just the girl shit . They 're all crazy anyway — the girls .
So keep starting your startups and having your protests and your meetings and keep writing your articles and having your very important discussions about climate change and poverty and union politics and Donald Sterling is such a racist , is n't he . We 'll all support you , I guess , because we have no other choice . Because where do we go ? Where is our community ? Where is our Next Top Progressive Website ? Where 's our Jacobin ? When we launch it will we get profiled in The New York Times ?
Oh . No . We do n't get one . We are n't serious enough . It 's just women 's issues after all . Not Serious Politics . Oh . Because you still want your buddies and your porn and your class of women to fuck and ogle and to listen to your fucking baby-child emotions and to comfort you and support you and be there for you while you work through your fucking damage even though we had to work through ours all on our own . When is it our turn ? When will you listen to us ?
We 'll keep telling you our stories . Because we keep thinking you 'll care . We keep hoping that this time you 'll believe us . That this time you 'll get it .
But you never really do . Because our abuse is just our own personal problem and you do n't want the drama . You do n't want to get involved . Not when there 's real work to do .
We 're one half of the population . Where 's our fucking solidarity .
2 SHARES Share Tweet
Meghan Murphy Founder & Editor Meghan Murphy is a freelance writer and journalist . She has been podcasting and writing about feminism since 2010 and has published work in numerous national and international publications , including New Statesman , Vice , Al Jazeera , The Globe and Mail , I-D , Truthdig , and more . Meghan completed a Masters degree in the department of Gender , Sexuality and Women 's Studies at Simon Fraser University in 2012 and lives in Vancouver , B.C . with her dog .
FILE - In this Aug. 4 , 2017 file photo , President Donald Trump speaks at Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) headquarters in Washington . The federal government has , for now , enough disaster aid money to deal with the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Harvey , but the ongoing storm appears sure to require a multibillion-dollar recovery package as did Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump has promised federal assistance to storm-ravaged parts of Texas , insisting Congress will act swiftly on a multibillion-dollar Hurricane Harvey recovery package as the government signaled current funds will be exhausted in the next few weeks .
“ I think it 'll happen very quickly , ” Trump said Monday of an aid package that could rival those enacted after Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy . “ It 'll go very fast . ”
The president said existing disaster balances of more than $ 3 billion are sufficient for the immediate emergency but promised his administration will send lawmakers a request for far more to help Texas rebuild from the record storm in which catastrophic flooding has hit Houston , the nation 's fourth-largest city .
“ The real number , which will be many billions of dollars , will go through Congress , ” Trump said at a White House news conference .
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , promised through a spokeswoman that “ we will help those affected by this terrible disaster . ”
The Republican-led Congress appears likely to add an immediate infusion of aid to a temporary spending bill to prevent a government shutdown Oct. 1 , though congressional aides say the larger recovery package may take more time to develop . It 's way too early to guess how much will be required with floodwaters rising in Houston , people stranded in homes and the city essentially paralyzed .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency 's disaster fund currently contains more than $ 3 billion , but FEMA on Monday said the response to Harvey is “ quickly drawing down ” disaster balances .
The upcoming disaster aid package is yet another item for a packed September agenda in Washington that includes preventing a government shutdown , making sure the government does n't default on its debt obligations , and laying the groundwork for overhauling the tax code .
Vice President Mike Pence told a Houston radio station Monday that given the “ magnitude of the flooding ” in the area that “ it will be years coming back. ” He said 22,000 people had already applied for federal aid but that as “ many as a half-a-million people in Texas will be eligible for and applying for financial disaster assistance . ”
“ We remain very confident that with the reserves and with the support in the Congress , we 'll have the resources that we need , ” Pence told KHOU radio .
Democrats promise they 'll help .
“ Republicans must be ready to join Democrats in passing a timely relief bill that makes all necessary resources available , ” said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif .
Last week , Trump threatened a government shutdown if he did n't get his $ 1.6 billion request to begin building a U.S.-Mexico border wall . But the need for disaster funding could make a shutdown showdown in September less likely since Trump may want to avoid a battle that could make him look like he 's prioritizing wall funding over flood victims .
Asked if the natural disaster would make him reconsider a shutdown , Trump said : “ I think it has nothing to do with it , really . I think this is separate . ”
FEMA announced Monday that it is prioritizing the Harvey response and holding off on less-urgent payments for earlier disasters to husband its money to make sure there is enough for immediate Harvey-related needs such as debris removal and temporary shelter for tens of thousands of Texans displaced from their homes .
Congress stepped forward with enormous aid packages in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and Superstorm Sandy in 2012 , though some GOP conservatives — including then-Indiana Rep. Pence — chafed at the price tag . And White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney , who will be responsible for preparing any disaster request for Trump , opposed a 2013 Sandy aid package as a South Carolina congressman , offering a plan to cut elsewhere in the budget to pay for it .
Mulvaney 's May budget release also proposed eliminating community block grants that are likely to be sought by the powerful Texas delegation to help with rebuilding efforts .
Lawmakers provided $ 110 billion to rebuild the Gulf Coast after Katrina , thanks in part to dogged efforts by Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Thad Cochran , R-Miss . The Bush administration , politically scalded by criticism over its botched response to the tragedy , signed off on the aid .
But New York and New Jersey lawmakers seeking help over Superstorm Sandy encountered stiffer resistance . Many Republicans opposed the full $ 51 billion aid package , which included a $ 34 billion amendment by Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen , R-N.J. , that included grants for housing and other repairs patterned after the Katrina response .
Some hard feelings linger on the part of New York and New Jersey Republicans , who had to battle to win help for their Democratic-leaning states in the bitter aftermath of the 2012 election .
“ Despite my TX colleagues refusal to support aid in # SouthJersey time of need , I will support emergency disaster $ $ for those impacted , ” Rep. Frank LoBiondo , R-N.J. , wrote on Twitter on Monday .
Texas Republicans overwhelmingly voted against the final Sandy aid bill . The state 's two senators , John Cornyn and Ted Cruz , opposed the aid package along with more than 20 House Republicans representing Texas .
[ tw : fatphobia , fatphobia in medicine ] I have really bad varicose veins , that recently became so painful that I consulted a doctor about them . I live in a country with free government-provided health care , and I have the great fortune of having an amazing doctor who is aware of and tries to counteract fatphobia in healthcare . She got me a referral to a clinic to have my veins stripped - there was an 8 month waiting list , but I was fine with that .
These past few days , however , the pain has gotten worse , to the point where I can barely walk . My doctor is on vacation , so I called the hospital myself and asked if there was any way to move my surgery - which is now due in three months - forward due to my condition . “ Sure , ” the surgeon told me , “ I ca n't promise anything , but you 're under 40 , you 're a non-smoker , you do n't have any hereditary issues and you 're of average weight , so… ”
“ Actually , I 'm overweight . ”
“ Oh . By how much ? ”
I had to disclose my weight to her , my BMI , and because she did n't have my journal or my medical history , she had no idea that I am in excellent physical condition . All she heard were my numbers , and although she was n't rude or impolite , she told me that I could not be fasttracked . I explained that I work out five days a week , that I run races ; that I have been overweight all my life but that I 've always been healthy ; that I have lost 40 lbs over the last two years through changes in nutrition and physical activity , but it did n't matter . I was fat , so I could not be allowed an operation that would allow me to walk any sooner .
I asked her how , if my weight was the issue , they expected me to lose weight or even maintain my current weight if I ca n't even walk , to which she replied “ well , it 's not easy , is it ? ”
I ca n't afford to go private . I am basically left with limited mobility for THREE MONTHS because I am fat . I guess I 'm lucky that my symptoms did n't worsen earlier . It could have been eight months .
The Prince George Cougars have fired head coach Dean Clark .
Cougars general manager Dallas Thompson made the announcement early Tuesday afternoon .
article continues below
Clark signed a five-year contract in April 2009 to become head coach of the Cougars . Since then he has led the Cougars to a record of 83-163-5-11 .
In three complete seasons with Clark behind the bench the Cougars have missed the playoffs twice , finishing fifth in the division . They last made the playoffs in 2010-11 and were eliminated that year in the first round .
The Cougars currently rank ninth in the Western Conference with a 14-26-2-4 record , second worst in the Western Hockey League .
`` We would like to thank Dean for his commitment to the Prince George Cougars organization for the past 3 1/2 seasons , '' said Prince George Cougars vice president Brandi Brodsky , in a statement sent to the Citizen .
The Cougars , who host the Prince Albert Raiders Wednesday night at CN Centre , have not announced who will take over as head coach for Clark .
A Burmese man who spent eight years in direct provision before getting refugee status has unanimously won his Supreme Court appeal over laws preventing him working here before his status was decided .
The seven judge court unanimously agreed the absolute ban was “ in principle ” unconstitutional but has adjourned making any formal orders for six months to allow the legislature consider how to address the situation .
The court found , “ in principle ” and when there is no statutory time limit for processing asylum applications , the “ absolute prohibition ” on asylum seekers seeking employment in the 1996 Refugee Act - and continued in the International Protection Act 2015 - was contrary to the constitutional right to seek employment .
If the ban was applied to a citizen , it “ would be difficult , if not impossible , to justify ” , Mr Justice Donal O'Donnell said in a judgment endorsed by the other six members of the court .
The judgment , which focussed on the extent of the entitlement of non-citizens , “ as human persons ” , to rely on constitutional rights , has major implications for asylum seekers .
A right to work , at least in the sense of freedom to work or seek employment , is a “ part of the human personality ” , Mr Justice O'Donnell said . The requirement in Article 40.1 of the Constitution that individuals as human persons must be held equal before the law means those aspects of the right which are part of human personality “ can not be withheld absolutely from non-citizens ” .
‘ Test case '
The case , brought against the Minister for Justice with the Attorney General and Irish Human Rights & Equality Commission as notice parties , raised legal issues of “ general public importance ” , Mr Justice O'Donnell said . The Commission had described it as a “ test ” case .
The judge said the man was eight years in the asylum system before getting refugee status . While offered work in his direct provision centre in 2013 , he could not take that up due to the ban on seeking work .
Represented by Michael Lynn SC , the man had argued , while in direct provision on a €19 weekly allowance , he suffered depression , “ almost complete loss of autonomy ” and said being allowed to work was vital to his development , personal dignity and “ sense of self worth ” .
Mr Justice O'Donnell said , while the State can legitimately have a policy of restricting employment of asylum seekers , Section 9.4 of the Refugee Act does “ not just severely limit ” their right to seek work , it “ removes it altogether ” .
If there is no limit on the time for processing an asylum application , that could amount to an absolute prohibition on employment , no matter how long a person was within the system , he said .
He could not accept , if a right is in principle available , it is an appropriate and permissible differentiation between citizens and non-citizens , and in particular between citizens and asylum seekers , to remove the right “ for all time ” for asylum seekers .
“ The point has been reached when it can not be said the legitimate differences between an asylum seeker and a citizen can continue to justify the exclusion of an asylum seeker from the possibility of employment , ” he said .
“ This damage to the individual 's self worth and sense of themselves , is exactly the damage which the constitutional right [ to seek employment ] seeks to guard against . ”
The evidence from the man of his depression , frustration and lack of self-belief at being unable to work “ bears this out ” .
No time limit
In principle , he would be prepared to find , where there is no time limit on the asylum process , the “ absolute prohibition ” on seeking employment in Section 9.4 , continued in Section 16.3.b of the International Protection Act , “ is contrary to the constitutional right to seek employment ” .
Because this situation arises as a result of the intersection of a number of statutory provisions , and could arguably be met by alteration of one or other of those , and since that was “ first and foremost a matter for executive and legislative judgment ” , the court would adjourn consideration of what order to make for six months , he said .
The court will hear submissions about what order should be made “ in the light of the circumstances then obtaining ” , he added .
Shortly after coming here in 2008 , the man was refused refugee status but appealed .
After the High Court found errors in how his applications were decided , and further re-hearings before the Refugee Appeals Tribunal , he got refugee status last September .
Because that meant he could legitimately seek work , the State argued the Supreme Court should dismiss as pointless his appeal over the Court of Appeal 's 2/1 rejection of his case . However , the Supreme Court said it had decided to address the core issues for reasons including the case raised a point of law of general public importance and that was likely to be raised in other cases .
Today sees the release of The Decemberists ' first album in four years , What a Terrible World , What a Beautiful World . In celebration , the band 's hometown of Portland , Oregon has declared today , January 20th , 2015 , as “ Decemberists Day . ”
According to Mayor Charlie Hales ' official proclamation ( which you can read below ) , The Decemberists “ embody the Portland values of passion , engagement , and communitarianism with the Portland aesthetic of homegrown , forthright , slightly hippie , and often bespectacled glory. ” The proclamation will be presented to the band during a ceremony at city hall scheduled for 2 p.m. today . The ceremony will also include a performance from the band , as well as the unveiling of a collaborative art piece inspired by The Decemberists that was created by 50 local Portland artists and small businesses .
And speaking of live performances , The Decemberists have expanded their upcoming tour schedule . New additions to the itinerary include a May 27th date at Red Rocks , which they 'll co-headline with Spoon . See all the band 's confirmed dates below .
The Decemberists 2015 Tour Dates :
02/11 – Dublin , IE @ Vicar Street
02/13 – Glasgow , UK @ O2 Academy
02/14 – Leeds , UK @ O2 Academy
02/16 – Bristol , UK @ O2 Academy
02/17 – Manchester , UK @ Manchester Academy
02/18 – Birmingham , UK @ The Institute
02/20 – Brighton , UK @ Brighton Dome Concert Hall
02/21 – London , UK @ O2 Academy Brixton
02/23 – Amsterdam , NL @ Paradiso
02/24 – Brussels , BE @ AB
02/25 – Nijmegen , NL @ Doornroosje
02/26 – Berlin , DE @ Astra Kulturhaus
02/28 – Zurich , CH @ Kaufleuten
03/01 – Milan , IT @ Magazzini Generali
03/21 – Portland , OR @ Keller Auditorium ^
03/24 – Minneapolis , MN @ Northrop Auditorium *
03/25 – Milwaukee , WI @ Riverside Theater *
03/27 – Chicago , IL @ Chicago Theatre *
03/28 – Royal Oak , MI @ Royal Oak Music Theatre *
03/30 – Toronto , ON @ Massey Hall *
03/31 – Pittsburgh , PA @ Benedum Center *
04/01 – Buffalo , NY @ UB Center for the Arts *
04/03 – Boston , MA @ House of Blues *
04/04 – Boston , MA @ House of Blues *
04/06 – New York , NY @ Beacon Theatre *
04/07 – Philadelphia , PA @ Academy of Music *
04/09 – Charlotte , NC @ The Fillmore *
04/10 – Atlanta , GA @ The Tabernacle *
04/11 – Atlanta , GA @ The Tabernacle *
04/12 – Knoxville , TN @ Rhythm N ' Blooms Festival
04/13 – Nashville , TN @ Ryman Auditorium *
04/29 – Mesa , AZ @ Mesa Performing Arts Center
04/30 – San Diego , CA @ North Park Theatre
05/01 – Berkeley , CA @ Greek Theatre
05/02 – Los Angeles , CA @ Greek Theatre
05/27 – Morrison , CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheater %
06/05-07 – New York , NY @ Governors Ball Music Festival
07/10 – Troutdale , OR @ Edgefield
^ = w/ The Minus 5
* = w/ Alvvays
% = w/ Spoon
- It wo n't happen overnight , and it may not happen by the end of this preseason stint , but the Red Bulls are starting to find their chemistry . It was another hot one at training today as the boys took the pitch in Mexico for the final session leading up to Monday 's preseason match against FC Dallas . Keeping with the rhythm of the week , the players kicked things off with stretching and a few cardio routines before getting into some more up-tempo drills and 11v11 action to close out the day . The team also worked on set plays and tactical work for part of the session . Coach Hans Backe experimented with forward pairings and midfielder/defender combinations , but suggested he wo n't have a firm idea of what he 's going to work with until tomorrow 's match . He did , however , confirm he 's looking to get about 45 minutes out of each guy and pull out the win . `` I think everyone , always professional and competitive , would like to win even friendly games . I think also that 's for us . We want to win every friendly game , '' said Backe . `` Then of course you need to see how the basics work ; how we defend , how we attack with the basics , the runs , the understanding of each other , the understanding of the game - that 's always the same way you work in preseason . '' The team has the remainder of the day off and will rejoin later this evening to take in a private group showing of the Super Bowl . Defender Jan Gunnar Solli and goalkeeper Ryan Meara are among those rooting for the Giants , with Meara going so far as to boldly predict a 21-17 final score . We 'll see where he stands by the end of the night . Here are a few photos from Sunday 's session :
