Boasting an enviable array of local produce , including olives , citrus fruits and grapes , Cyprus ' reputation as the ‘ Food Island ' is well justified . However , Cyprus ' vulnerability to drought means farmers face an on-going struggle to maintain financially sustainable businesses . With friends and family in the farming industry , Cypriot Imagine Cup 2015 finalists S.E.C.S . were familiar with the many issues associated with agriculture . They also recognized that tackling food sustainability and improving farming techniques are not issues unique to Cyprus .
The global population is rising at a rate of 1.14 % per year , and is expected to hit an eye-watering 9.6 billion people by 2050 . In order to feed everyone , we 'll need to produce more food in the next 40 years ; more than we have done in the last 1,200 years combined . That 's an awful lot of food and an even bigger challenge . Fortunately the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , spending on which is predicted to reach a staggering $ 1.7 trillion a year by 2020 , offers significant opportunities to improve the agricultural landscape . Experts are predicting that ‘ smart ' farming , based on advanced data analytics and Machine to Machine ( M2M ) communication , has the potential to help farmers enhance productivity , boost efficiency and reduce waste .
Drawing from their personal experiences with cultivation , plus many discussions with professional farmers and the Agriculture Research Institute of Cyprus , S.E.C.S . decided to build a solution that enables the farming industry as well as households to benefit from IoT . Putting data at the heart of their project , the team found a novel way to take the guesswork out of effective cultivation , using the cloud , big data and M2M communication .
Environmentally sustainable by running on solar power and water , the system collects data from a network of sensors monitoring humidity , soil-temperature and air-temperature in the fields where crops are grown . This is then relayed in real-time via a smartphone app , enabling farmers and households to make informed decisions on how best to manage their crops . If the air is particularly warm and dry , for instance , the app alerts the user so that they can initiate the appropriate response for the produce in question . The system can even be deployed to independently alter greenhouse conditions using remotely controlled fans and windows .
New technologies like what S.E.C.S has created deliver much needed intelligence to help professional farmers and households work together with the constantly changing environment and reap more from what they sow . Being recognized as an Imagine Cup finalists provides the team with a platform to help farmers and households worldwide and make a significant contribution to the rapidly changing face of the agricultural industry .
You can read more about S.E.C.S here .
Tags : Cyprus , Entrepreneurship , Imagine Cup , YouthSpark
WASHINGTON -- Russian authorities alerted the US government not once but `` multiple '' times over their concerns about Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- including a second time nearly a year after he was first interviewed by FBI agents in Boston -- raising new questions about whether the FBI should have focused more attention on the suspected Boston Marathon bomber , according to US senators briefed on the probe Tuesday .
The FBI has previously said it interviewed Tsarnaev in early 2011 after it was initially contacted by the Russians . After that review , the FBI has said , it determined he did not pose a threat .
In a closed briefing on Tuesday , members of the Senate Intelligence Committee learned that Russia alerted the United States about Tsarnaev in `` multiple contacts '' -- including `` at least once since October 2011 , '' said Richard Burr , a Republican of North Carolina , speaking with reporters afterward .
Advertisement
Senators said the briefing also revealed failures among federal agencies to share vital information about Tsarnaev , indicating , they said , that the US government still has not established a strong system to `` connect the dots '' about would-be terrorists residing in America more than a decade after 9/11 .
Get Ground Game in your inbox : Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Senator Susan Collins , a Maine Republican and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , praised law enforcement authorities for quickly producing videos of the suspects and putting a halt to their violent spree Thursday night and Friday .
“ But I 'm very concerned that there still seem to be serious problems with the sharing of information , including critical investigative information , '' she said after emerging from the closed-door committee briefing . `` That is troubling to me , this many years after the attacks on our country in 2001 , that we still seem to have stovepipes that prevent information from being shared effectively , not only among agencies but also with the same agency in one case . ”
Collins , who was among senators receiving a briefing from Deputy FBI Director Sean M. Joyce and officials from the National Counter-terrorism Center and the Department of Homeland Security , did not elaborate on details of those failures .
Members of the House also received a briefing Tuesday and emerged with questions .
Advertisement
“ We have to go back and take a good hard look at the gaps , '' said Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , a Florida Democrat . `` With each event that occurs like this one , we have to go back and take a look at what lessons we could learn and how to fill in those gaps . ''
Warnings raised by Russia have loomed large in the investigation of how Tsarnaev , a Kyrgyzstan national , and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , a naturalized US citizen , allegedly prepared for the April 15 bombing attacks near the finish line of the Boston Marathon .
`` I think the increasing signals are that these are individuals that were radicalized , especially the older brother , over a period of time , '' said Republican Senator Marco Rubio , of Florida , after the briefing . He said the brothers `` used Internet sources to gain not just the philosophical beliefs that radicalized them , but also learning components of how to do these sorts of things . ”
US officials have faced tough questions for not tracking the older brother 's travels to the Russian provinces of Dagestan and Chechnya -- where he spent more than half of last year and may have interacted with militant groups or individuals .
The FBI has said it was not aware that Tsarnaev had traveled to Russia in 2012 . Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said Monday that the FBI told him it was not aware of the older Tsarnaev 's travels because his name had been misspelled on an airliner passenger list . US Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano confirmed the misspelling during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee Tuesday , but she said Homeland Security nonetheless was aware of his trip .
Advertisement
“ Even with the misspelling under our current system , there are redundancies , and so the system did ping when he was leaving the United States , ” she said .
Napolitano said the Senate 's proposed immigration overhaul bill would improve that system to avoid any chance of clerical errors , by making passports `` electronically readable . ''
Her disclosure that Homeland Security knew of the trip , but not the FBI , raised questions among lawmakers .
“ I want to make sure that DHS is talking to the FBI , ” said Senator Charles Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee . “ It looks to me like there is a lack of communication . ”
Others expressed concern about signs that officials did not connect the dots about the potential threat Tsarnaev 's may have posed .
“ Post-911 we thought we had created a system that would allow for the free flow of information between agencies , ” said Senator Saxby Chambliss , a Republican from Georgia and member of the intelligence panel . “ And I think there have been some stone walls .. .that have been re-created that were probably unintentional . ”
Senator Dianne Feinstein , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , cautioned against jumping to any final conclusions .
“ We had a full discussion back and forth over the process that 's followed and we need to keep at that and we need to see if there are any loopholes in it , that we fix those loopholes , ” she said .
She characterized the issues as part of an evolving intelligence process .
“ With every one of these we find problems , it 's not just this one , ” she said . “ And you try to remedy the problem so next time it 's not going to happen and something else pops up next time , but the right things are being done and the right kind of investigation is being conducted . ”
“ I think there 's concern about knowledge about the individual 's trip to Russia and was that information shared between the FBI and Homeland Security , ” said , Representative Michael McCaul , a Texas Republican who chairs of the House Homeland Security committee .
Globe Correspondent Julia Edward contributed to this report . Noah Bierman can be reached at nbierman @ globe.com
New York Giants Fan Creates GoFundMe To Replace Left Tackle Ereck Flowers
Video Playback Not Supported
If you 're watching the Monday Night Football game between the New York Giants and Detroit Lions , then you 'd know just how bad Ereck Flowers is at at his job .
The Giants left tackle is struggling badly and quarterback Eli Manning is on the verge of getting killed back there because of him . Case in point :
Look at his hand placement . JUST LOOK pic.twitter.com/rodaTiKmvU — shut up ( @ ItsToluNotTulu ) September 19 , 2017
To say Giants fans are fed up would be a gross understatement . They want a new tackle right now !
One fan decided to take his anger to GoFundMe and create a fundraiser to get the Giants enough money to get a better left tackle . It reads as follows :
“ Trying to get enough money to get a new left tackle since ereck Flowers ca n't hold a cold ! ! ! ”
Fans on Twitter are not happy as well .
@ Eflow_74 can protect his Twitter account but ca n't protect his quarterback # DETvsNYG pic.twitter.com/vUil5U52e5 — Stephen the Terrible ( @ GrossTheGoat ) September 19 , 2017
Ereck flowers needs to go ! ! ! ! — Rich Bach ( @ nsb_racing ) September 19 , 2017
So fed up with Ereck Flowers . Goodness gracious . — Felix Perez ( @ fgperez6 ) September 19 , 2017
Everyone knew Ereck Flowers would be Ereck Flowers besides the Giants . — leavened engram ( @ TheBenNatan ) September 19 , 2017
I Need Ereck Flowers To Tear His ACL — El Chapo Jr ( @ WopStaySplashin ) September 19 , 2017
Eli Manning walking past Ereck Flowers tonight in the # Giants locker room : pic.twitter.com/09S4ap5cb2 — Marques Eversoll ( @ MarquesEversoll ) September 19 , 2017
Someone should tell Ereck Flowers to at least just get in the defenders way and slow him down . — Kyle Thomas ( @ Kyle_TFarrell ) September 19 , 2017
Tags :
Share This
FILE - An Apple 1 computer for sale at auction is seen in a Monday , June 24 , 2013 file photo , at the Computer History Museum in Menlo Park , Calif . The computer sold on Monday , Jully 8 , 2013 for $ 387,750 at a Christie 's online-only auction . The auction house did not disclose the name of the buyer . ( AP Photo/Ben Margot , File )
NEW YORK ( AP ) —
An original Apple computer from 1976 has sold at auction for nearly $ 388,000 .
Known as the Apple 1 , it was one of the first Apple computers ever built .
It sold Monday for $ 387,750 at a Christie 's online-only auction . Bolaffi , an Italian collections company , says in a statement that it bought the computer . The seller was a retired school psychologist from Sacramento , Calif .
Vintage Apple products have become a hot item since Steve Jobs ' death in October 2011 . Jobs joined forces with Steve Wozniak to build computer prototypes in a California garage , and Wozniak built the Apple 1 .
Another Apple 1 was sold in May for a record $ 671,400 by a German auction house . It broke a record of $ 640,000 set in November .
Bondi Beach body identified as 20yo Sydney University student Endicott Ackerman
Posted
The body of a man found in waters off Bondi Beach in Sydney 's east has been formally identified as an international student studying at Sydney University .
Emergency services were called to the southern end of the beach on June 6 after reports a man was in distress in the water .
A large-scale , three-day search failed to find the man , but on Saturday a body was found about 450 metres east of Bondi Beach .
Dental records were used to formally identify the body as 20-year-old American citizen Endicott Ackerman .
Mr Ackerman was a science student at the University of Sydney .
The 20-year-old went missing during wild weather which brought a huge swell last week .
Witnesses reported seeing a man jumping in or being swept into the water .
Topics : missing-person , accidents , bondi-2026 , bondi-beach-2026 , nsw
TAYLORSVILLE — Rob Adams lives in a modest home in Taylorsville . `` It 's not much , but it 's enough , '' he said with a casual smile .
His home is more than Adams , who is a real estate agent , grew up with .
`` I grew up in South Texas , in the Houston area , just very poor , '' he says . `` We lived in the back of a pickup truck for a while , and we stayed at hotels once in a while because we did n't have a home . ''
Adams does n't often share the fact that he grew up poor ; in fact , he says his children do n't know most of the details . `` I had one pair of clothes I would wear all week , and then we would wash them on the weekend , and then I would wear them again the next week , '' said Adams .
Strangers often helped his family by bringing in meals or providing Christmas , he said . `` I just think back on that and how grateful I am that my holidays were saved more than once by total strangers . ''
Last year , a friend invited him and his wife to help with a holiday meal donation , taking meals to struggling families in the days before Christmas . `` We went and sat in the car and thought how blessed are we . So I wanted to do that this year for my kids , '' he said .
With the idea of helping 100 struggling families in Salt Lake County , Adams approached Nancy Ward , the coordinator for Education Support at the Jordan School District .
`` He was so passionate about it that it got me excited , '' said Ward .
Rob Adams at his home in Taylorsville . ( Photo : Jay Dortzbach/KSL-TV )
Ward spread the word about Adams ' project , later named Thanksgiving Heroes , and found 1,000 families likely in need of a Thanksgiving meal .
`` It ranges from people who do n't have a place to live who are living with friends or family because of financial reasons , people who are getting ready to lose their homes , people who have maybe lost their job or hit a rough patch and are struggling , '' Ward said .
`` I thought I would take food to homes that needed it , but a lot of these children do n't even have homes and are homeless . When I heard that it really stirred my heart , it just reminded me of a being a boy and how great it was to get that help , '' said Adams .
With an overwhelming number of families needing a Thanksgiving meal , Adams approached Utah-based Fresh Market and Brian Simons at the store in Taylorsville . Simons has arranged to provide food to the Thanksgiving Heroes project at cost , and two semi-trucks to drop it off .
`` To reach out and try to help support the community the way he 's doing it and feed families that normally would n't have a nice Thanksgiving meal on their table , it 's very heartwarming , '' said Simons .
( Photo : Jay Dortzbach/KSL-TV )
Adams is now trying to raise the money to buy the food needed to feed 1,000 Thanksgiving meals , an overwhelming task for just one man . `` It 's going to take a lot of people to donate whatever they can , '' said Adams . A $ 60 donation will feed a family of five a Thanksgiving meal , plus leftovers .
The Jordan School District is also helping Adams by assembling volunteers , including teachers , administrators and students , to divide and deliver the food on Nov. 23 .
`` It 's amazing what one person can do , and it 's inspiring and a great opportunity to participate with Rob on this project , '' said Ward .
Adams said his mother , who passed away a few days ago , is the one who always encouraged and inspired him to help others , even when things were difficult in his life .
`` I can be angry about being in a place like that or I could see these people 's examples and their charity and want to push it forward as an adult , '' said Adams .
Donations & help * Donations are being accepted at : www.thanksgivingsheros.myevent.com How to help : Donate money
Help sort food on Nov. 23
Deliver food to assigned families For more information : For more information : Facebook : Thanksgiving Heroes or see flyer below .
* KSL.com does not assure that the monies deposited to the account will be applied for the benefit of the persons named as beneficiaries . If you are considering a deposit to the account , you should consult your own advisors and otherwise proceed at your own risk .
Thanksgivings Heroes Flyer ( 1 ) by KSLcom
×
Photos
Related Links
The Toronto Professional firefighters Association ( TPFFA ) is furious with Mayor Rob Ford 's use of a fire truck as a prop at his official campaign launch party , calling it “ utterly tasteless ” and a “ cheap political stunt . ”
The truck was parked inside the Toronto Congress Centre in Etobicoke where the party took place Thursday night . It was emblazoned with the slogan ‘ Saving the taxpayers from getting burned ' along with Ford 's oft-repeated claim that he 's ‘ saved the taxpayers a billion dollars . '
TPFFA president Ed Kennedy said in a release that Ford 's use of the truck was especially upsetting considering recently approved budget cuts to the association .
“ Mayor Rob Ford 's decision to use a fire truck to trumpet his false claims about taxpayer savings Thursday is a slap in the face to tens of thousands of Toronto residents whose fire protection levels will decrease Monday when four actual fire trucks are taken out of service , ” Kennedy wrote .
Kennedy said the cuts would save taxpayers “ only two cents a day , ” but would put lives at risk , causing delays to emergency response .
“ Public safety is not a game or a political trinket , it 's a mayor 's number one responsibility to his citizens , ” he said .
“ And when the consequences of these cuts to frontline services become evident , Rob Ford had better be prepared to face those families and explain why he jeopardized their safety in exchange for a cheap photo op . ”
Mayor 's Fire Truck Campaign Tasteless- Fire Fighters
China has something of a difficult problem to solve in its financial sector : how to balance the growth of banking services outside the state owned and dominated banks and yet also how to make sure that the shadow banking system does n't run away with itself and lead to some ghastly crash in the near to medium future . And that 's without the problems of just out and out Ponzi schemes like eZubao . The problem being that the country and economy simply has to move its banking system away from the hugely wasteful and largely state directed system that has prevailed up until now and over to something much more market focused . But how are they to do that without all the cowboys charging in and making hay in a largely unregulated sector ? Not just that , how do they stop even honest would be bankers from succumbing to irrational exuberance as our own banks did in 2004- 2008 ? Yes , I know , people shout that the US and European banks were all acting illegally and so on but really , they were n't . There was illegality in there , of course there was , there 's illegality in every field of human endeavour . But our problems came from people being wrong , not their being criminal . And that is the problem that China faces .
Yes , sure , there 're the out and out frauds in China :
Panicked customers started to protest and Chinese police investigated the matter . This week , news surfaced that the business was nothing but a ponzi scheme . Chinese authorities broadcasted interviews with detained founder and CEO of eZubao 's confessing about it . However , some feel that the confession perhaps may be done under duress . The New China News Agency which is run by the state said the company cheated 900,000 clients of a total of equivalent to $ 7.6 billion . It is probably the biggest financial fraud ever in the history of China .
Just so you know , a Ponzi scheme ( named after Charles Ponzi , who originally started with an entirely legal arbitrage scheme on the price difference between international postal coupons and then quickly became over whelmed ) is one that says that it is lending out money , investing it , in terribly profitable things and thus sucks in more investors . But the rewards to those early investors are in fact paid out of the new investor money flowing in , there are no investments at all . Bernie Madoff was doing the same thing .
This is a more general problem across the Chinese economy :
The case has underscored the risks created by China 's fast-growing $ 2.6 trillion wealth management product industry . Many products are sold through loosely regulated channels , including online financial investment platforms and privately run exchanges . More than 400 billion yuan had been raised by more than 3,600 P2P platforms by the end of November , according to the China Banking Regulatory Commission . More than 1,000 of those firms were problematic , it said .
But here 's the larger problem that China needs to balance against this :
In the last decade , China has seen an explosion of shadow banking , with financial firms like eZubao performing bank-like functions but operating with much less oversight . On the upside , that 's given millions of lower-income individuals and small businesses unprecedented access to credit as well as new ways to invest their savings , no matter how modest their nest eggs may be . But analysts have been warning for years that the lack of regulation and transparency in the sector could be a ticking time bomb . Just how severe the problem might be , though , is a matter of contention , since experts ca n't even agree on how big China 's shadow banking sector is . A report last year by the Brookings Institution , a Washington-based think tank , said estimates range from $ 769 billion to $ 7 trillion .
Take a step back : the banking system in China is largely state owned . Who gets a loan , to invest in what , is largely a political decision . Rather than one based on who is likely to pay it back . This might have had its value at some point but this structure has also led to something called `` financial repression '' . That is , if political decisions decide who gets the loans , and those political decisions almost always favour the state owned companies ( private sector businesses almost never get loans from the state owned banks ) then there 's a definite temptation for those same politicians to limit the interest that is paid to depositors . And that 's what has happened : interest rates have been below inflation for a long time now .
In one sense one can see this working : low rates paid to depositors means low rates on loans , thus there will be more investment by companies and thus the economy booms . But it does n't actually work out that way : because the loans are not being market priced , but politically priced , we end up with massive investment in politically favoured projects . Yet another steel mill for example . This is malinvestment and is a waste of capital .
The other side of this is that China has pretty much no welfare safety net of pensions or health care . Thus people save a lot of their income to set aside for such costs . Which is why we end up with a savings rate of 40-50 % of GDP , and capital investment making up 40-50 % of GDP . And the lower the interest rate on offer the more of their income people will save : we 're in a world here of rational lifetime income smoothing . The more you can earn on your investments into the future the less you need to save now in order to produce that future desired income .
This just is n't something that can run on into the future . China needs to have rational capital allocation , which means market interest rates and returns to capital investment . And they also need market returns to savings so as to reduce the amount of savings . Thus , of course , boosting consumption ( all earnings are either savings or consumption ) and thus moving the whole economy over from a capital investment driven one to a consumption led one : this is an essential stage of getting from being a developing country to a developed one .
So , China must move from a state owned and directed banking system to a market led one . And given their constraints that means allowing shadow banking , banking that offers market rates to both sides , depositors and borrowers , in order to make that basic change in the economy . They must , in short , lift that financial repression .
But look what happens when you do that . Firstly , there 's the eruption of the out and out crooks like eZubao and possibly others . And secondly we 've the sorts of risks we 've ourselves seen all too many times . The savings and loan problems of the 80s ( when previously controlled S & Ls could invest in riskier fields ) , Britain 's secondary banking crisis of the 1970s , the lead up to the Crash in 2008 . They 're all symptoms of exactly the same thing . A necessary financial liberalisation , a move closer to market allocation of capital but allied with irrational exuberance about how it will all turn out .
As we ourselves have found out there 's actually no easy answer to this . We must have , China must have , the liberalisation . But we know that there 's going to be those two problems , illegality and also legal exuberance . It 's one of those economic areas where the regulators just have to do the best they can . Should Alibaba be allowed to continue to run a peer to peer lending network ? Sure : that 's part of the lifting of the financial repression . But if they can then who can not ? And how do we distinguish between the exciting start up and the guy stashing 5 mistresses on the company dime in Macao ? A priori we ca n't really . It 's something that just has to be muddled through . No , something like Glass Steagall wo n't do it ( although it might help , a little bit ) , nor will a really firm regulator whatever Elizabeth Warren thinks , nor even will shoot the crooks as China tends to do dissuade them all . And even that vicious cracking down does n't deal with people being exuberantly wrong .
As I say , there 's just no simple answer here . For structural reasons China must loosen that financial repression , so as to move the economy from an investment led growth to a consumption led growth model . But loosening that savings and investment system into a market one opens the door both for the criminals and the overly hopeful , that second group likely leading to at least a retrenchment if not a crash at some point down the road . No one has ever really solved this problem entirely in an entirely satisfactory manner . Every country has had a financial or banking crisis or two along the way . The best we can hope for is that it 's not too bad really . Which , when we 're dealing with an economy the size of China 's is n't all that comforting really .
Modern History Sourcebook :
Rudolf Hoess , Commandant of Auschwitz :
Testimony at Nuremburg , 1946 Rudolf Hoess born in 1900 , , joined the SS in 1933 , and eventually commanded the massive extermination center of Auschwitz , whose name has come to symbolize humanity 's ultimate descent into evil . This is his signed testimony at the Post-War trials of Major War Criminals held at Nuremburg .
Rudolf Franz Ferdinand Hoess , `` Affidavit , 5 April 1946 , '' in Trial of the Major War Criminals Before the International Tribunal , Nuremberg , 14 November 1945­1 October 1946 ( Nuremberg : Secretariat of the International Military Tribunal , 1949 ) , Doc . 3868­PS , vol . 33 , 275­79 .
This text is part of the Internet Modern History Sourcebook . The Sourcebook is a collection of public domain and copy-permitted texts for introductory level classes in modern European and World history . Unless otherwise indicated the specific electronic form of the document is copyright . Permission is granted for electronic copying , distribution in print form for educational purposes and personal use . If you do reduplicate the document , indicate the source . No permission is granted for commercial use of the Sourcebook . ( c ) Paul Halsall Aug 1997
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
LEADING Labour politician Anas Sarwar has become the latest victim of a sickening death threat .
Police are investigating after a chilling message left on the answering machine of the former Scottish Labour deputy leader warned he would be shot .
Sarwar , who is standing to regain the Glasgow Central seat in next month 's Westminster election , was a prominent voice for the Better Together campaign to keep Scotland in the UK .
The foul-mouthed 12-second message was left on the answering machine of Sarwar 's Glasgow office between April 8 and April 10 .
WARNING : This video contains strong language
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A male with a west coast of Scotland accent says : “ You dirty f * * * * * g scummy b * * * * * d. I hope you f * * * * * g rot in hell because I 'll come down with a f * * * * * g bullet and put it in you . You f * * * * * g .... you sell your soul for a bit of money . You cowardly b * * * * * d . ”
A fault in the answering machine meant it was not possible to determine the precise time the message was left .
Sources told the Record the police investigation has hit a wall because the caller managed to mask where he was calling from .
More Glasgow news
Scottish Labour Deputy Leader Kezia Dugdale​ said : “ These types of threats have no place in our society .
“ No-one , politician or otherwise , should have to face threats of violence . What has it come to when people seeking to be part of the democratic process face threats of this nature ?
“ Anas Sarwar has a family who will rightly be concerned and staff who should , at all times , be able to go to work without fear of violence .
“ In the face of threats we have to stand together and unite in our condemnation of this vile and disgusting behaviour . Anas Sarwar is a popular local figure and this sort of threat will not deter him . ”
A source close to Sarwar added : “ Anas Sarwar will not be deterred or put off by this vile and disgusting threat . He will always stand up to bullies who seek to threaten and intimidate and will never stop campaigning for Labour values and for Glasgow . ”
The incident is the latest in a long line of disturbing threats targeted towards prominent Scottish politicians in recent months .
Both Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon received death threats during the independence referendum campaign , with several incidents being taken to court .
And the Record revealed earlier this month that Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy 's election agent was threatened by a Yes support with an electric saw on the campaign trail .
Paul O'Kane was told : “ If you come over here , I am going to cut your f * * * * * g head off . ”
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said inquiries into the Sarwar incident were ongoing .
If you know who this man is call police on 101 and/or the Daily Record on 0141 309 3251
Stephen Curry takes one final look back before exiting the court after being ejected late in the fourth quarter for whipping his mouthpierce into the stands after fouling out of Game 6 . ( David Maxwell/EPA )
The NBA Finals has advanced from an inevitable coronation to a winding series of attrition . What you thought you knew LeBron James surely stuffed through the basket a few fast breaks ago . What 's left is one epic , 48-minute fight for history .
Cleveland , the motley crew built to appease James and confuse everyone else , finally makes sense . Golden State , a consistent thrill in a loose new era of the NBA , looks tired , injured and lost . These are two remarkable , dissimilar developments that have turned a series the Warriors once led three games to one into a winner-take-all Game 7 on Sunday in Oakland .
Twice , the Warriors have been unable to close out the Cavaliers , the latest failure coming during a 115-101 loss Thursday night at Quicken Loans Arena . All of a sudden , Cleveland is surging . And Golden State is cramping .
[ LeBron puts the Cavaliers on his back to send Finals to a Game 7 ]
One elusive victory from a second straight championship , one elusive victory from capping a record-setting 73-9 regular season with a historic title , the Warriors appear to have little left , other than grit and moxie , and it 's awfully hard to fend off James using intangibles .
And now Cleveland 's hopes are down to a single triumph , too . One more victory and the Cavaliers will become the first team in NBA Finals history to overcome a 3-1 series deficit . This is only the third time in 33 tries that a team trailing 3-1 has forced a Game 7 . One more victory , and the Cavaliers will end a 52-year championship drought for the city 's pro teams . And what a fashionable way it would be to exorcise a demon , winning three straight times against an opponent that does n't lose in bunches .
Most troubling for the Warriors is that they do n't appear to be panicking or choking . Certainly , they are n't playing well , but you would be doing the Cavaliers a disservice if you focused only on Golden State . Led by James , the best player of his generation , Cleveland is using length , athleticism , speed and the extraordinary shot-making ability of James and Kyrie Irving to change the momentum . Meanwhile , the Warriors are fading . After seven months of great basketball , they 're a lumbering , limping and lethargic version of themselves .
[ Craig Sager shopped for a special outfit for his Finals debut ]
After forward Draymond Green was suspended for Game 5 , the Warriors fumed privately and wanted to end the series in Oakland to make a point . In the past , it had been that simple . A focused and ornery Golden State equaled victory . But that did n't happen .
On Thursday night , there were reports that Golden State was “ locked in ” — their favorite word for focused — and ready to end this series . Instead , Cleveland led by as many as 22 points in the first quarter , and the Warriors were out of sorts all night . It 's not as simple as talent and will right now .
And then there are the injuries . Andrew Bogut suffered a left leg injury in the third quarter of Game 5 , and he 's out for the rest of the series . While he had n't played well , Bogut was missed in Game 6 . Golden State put Andre Iguodala in the starting lineup and slid Green over to center , employing its “ Death Lineup ” — one of the most effective rotations in the NBA — from the opening tip . All it got the Warriors was a 20-point deficit .
[ Draymond Green says Warriors would have won title if not for suspension ]
Early in Game 6 , Iguodala injured his back and moved gingerly for the remainder of the game . So Bogut is out , Iguodala is hobbling , and Steph Curry is still playing through a knee injury from earlier in the playoffs . These are n't excuses for why the Warriors have lost a 3-1 lead . But they are reasons to wonder whether this team has a Game 7 left in it .
Standing in their way will be James , who is playing even better than he did during last year 's Finals , when he carried the shorthanded Cavaliers and helped them extend the Warriors to six games . James finished with 41 points , 11 assists and eight rebounds on Thursday . It was his second straight 41-point game . He is shooting jump shots with confidence . That 's supposed to be the weakest part of his game , but James has made 7 of 14 three-pointers over the last two contests .
One year ago Thursday , the Warriors won the first championship of the Curry/Klay Thompson/Steve Kerr era . James , who was in his first season back in Cleveland after four years in Miami , was left to watch another team celebrate on his home floor . A year later , he was hugging his teammates and engaging in secret handshakes .
On the other hand , Curry , who had 30 points , fouled out with 4 minutes 22 seconds remaining , and the normally mild-mannered MVP lost his cool . He threw his mouthpiece and was ejected .
“ He had every right to be upset , ” Warriors Coach Kerr said . “ He 's the MVP of the league . He gets six fouls on him . Three were absolutely ridiculous . ”
As the Cavaliers left the court , chants of “ One more win ! ” echoed through the arena . Just a few days ago , the thought seemed crazy , but it has come to this : One game , for the championship . One game , for history .
For more by Jerry Brewer , visit washingtonpost.com/brewer .
The president may have changed , but the excesses of American politics have remained . Barack Obama and George W. Bush , it has become clear , are more similar than they might seem at first glance .
DPA US President Barack Obama has not been shy about public spending .
Ex-President Bush was nothing if not zealous in his worldwide campaign against terror , transgressing human rights and breaking international law along the way . Now , Obama is displaying the same zeal in his own war against the financial crisis -- and his weapon of choice is the money-printing machine . The rules the new American president is breaking are those which govern the economy . Nobody is being killed . But the strategy comes at a price -- and that price might be America 's position as a global power .
In his fight against terrorism , Bush had the ideologue Dick Cheney at his side . `` We must take the battle to the enemy , '' he said -- and sent out the bomber squadrons toward Iraq on the basis of mere suspicion . The result of the offensive is well known .
Obama 's Cheney
Obama 's Cheney is named Larry Summers . He is Obama 's senior-most economic advisor , and like the former vice president , he is a man of conviction . The financial crisis may be large , but Summers ' self-confidence is even larger . More importantly , President Barack Obama follows him like a dog does its master .
The crisis , Summers intoned last week at a conference of Deutsche Bank 's Alfred Herrhausen Society in Washington , was caused by too much confidence , too much credit and too many debts . It was hard not to nod along in agreement .
But then Summers added that the way to bring about an end to the crisis was -- more confidence , more credit and more debt . And the nodding stopped . Experts and non-experts alike were perplexed . Even in an interview following the presentation , Summers was unable to supply an adequate explanation for how a crisis caused by frivolous lending was going to be solved through yet more frivolity .
Summers has no misgivings , and does n't recognize those held by others . The fact that German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently gave a speech in which she was critical of the US economic stimulus program did not impress Summers . In our conversation , he said he thought Merkel 's position was a tactical one . `` She only says that out of domestic concerns , '' he said and rolled his eyes in disapproval . The battle must be taken to the enemy .
Just as the US public initially rallied behind the war President Bush -- even to the point of re-electing him -- Americans have now thrown their support behind the debt president Obama . The mistakes of the Bush administration are now widely accepted . The mistakes of the Obama administration are still not recognized as such . They are seen as the truth .
The Obama Administration 's Five Errors
Mistake number one : It 's not as bad as it seems . The US amassed much more debt during World War II , it is often said . That , though , is not true . According to conservative forecasts , Obama 's policies could end up being three times as expensive as US expenditures during World War II . If one calculates using today 's prices , America spent $ 3 trillion for the war . Obama 's budgetary calculations for the decade between 2010 and 2020 assume additional debt of $ 9 trillion .
Second : It is generally assumed that the money is part of an effort to resuscitate the crisis-plagued economy and is thus serving a good purpose . The truth of the matter is that the bulk of the borrowed money will be used to finance the normal US budget . American borrowing in 2009 comprises about half of Obama 's budget . The country is living beyond its means -- and it still would have been even if it were n't for the economic crisis .
The third error : Many believe that when the crisis ends , borrowing will automatically fall . The truth is that it could climb afterwards . The graying of American society creates a new fiscal policy challenge for the country that so far has n't been reflected in any budget plan . According to calculations by the International Monetary Fund , Washington would need to spend several times more than it is now just to service current pension entitlements and the free , state-funded medical care provided to senior citizens . In addition , Obama has promised to introduce healthcare coverage for America 's close to 46 million uninsured . That would be like adding a country the size of Spain to the US .
Lost Trust
Fourth : The world believes that the US is borrowing money from capital markets . It is often said that the Chinese and the Japanese will buy government bonds . But the truth of the matter is that trust in the gravitas and reliability of the United States has suffered to such a great degree that fewer and fewer foreigners are purchasing its government bonds . That 's why the Federal Reserve is now buying securities that it has printed itself . The Fed 's balance sheet has more than doubled since 2007 , making the US central bank one of the world 's fastest-growing companies . The purpose of this company , though , is to create money out of thin air .
Fallacy No . 5 : The additional money is harmless because the economy is starting to pull together again and there is no threat of inflation . The truth is that the quiet on the inflation front is deceptive . The hot money is accumulating in people 's savings accounts and in the balance sheets of banks that are n't keen to lend money at the moment . The supply of money has increased by 45 percent in the last three years and there has not been a corresponding rise in hard assets or production . That imbalance will eventually make itself felt in the form of inflation .
The dollar , which has already lost 40 percent of its value against the euro since 2000 , would then devaluate and its reputation would be further diminished . The world 's reserve currency could be pushed through the floor by the shockwaves . At that point , those waves would also wash over the rest of the world . Then people would have to look back and say that the means the US used to fight the economic crisis in fact paved the way for a currency crisis .
The German response to the excesses of the Bush era was refusal and obstinacy . Gerhard Schröder refused to go to war in Iraq with America and he organized a European resistance front the reached from Moscow to Paris .
Germany still has n't provided its response to the Obama administration 's fiscal policy excesses . Perhaps its time for Merkel to take her cue from Schröder .
It now seems likely that there will be a House vote on Trumpcare Third Try some time this week . It might well not happen . It 's impossible to know for sure . But it does appear much more likely than people thought as recently as this morning .
Here 's the big thing to keep in mind , front and center . Trumpcare 1.0 went down in flames in part because of the CBO score showing that 24 million people would lose their health care coverage and that most of the protections provided by Obamacare would be scrapped .
You 're not hearing it a lot – or perhaps I 'm just missing hearing it as clearly as I thought I would or should . But the new version of Trumpcare is actually worse than the old one . There 's every reason to think the number of people who lose coverage will be at least 24 million people and perhaps more .
Critically , this version , in a bow to the House Freedom Caucus , guts the so-called essential benefits requirement under Obamacare . That 's the part that makes ‘ coverage ' more than a word .
This version is n't a bit more generous , as some of the coverage might seem to suggest . It 's considerably worse . The same 24 more a million Americans are on the chopping block . Indeed , according to a Brookings study , the change in essential benefits could remove protections from people who get employer based coverage .
If you were worried about the fate of those 24 millions , worry more about this . If you 're worried about your own coverage , now would be the time to speak up . If you were going to town halls to ask your representatives or senators what they were thinking , they have more to answer for now .
There 's a lot of song and dance about various nostrums included in this bill . But by basically every measure it 's worse than what got rejected before .
One of the new `` Tiny Stones '' ordered to mark the grave of a pioneer baby at Woodland Cemetery . ( Photo : Special to the Register )
Backers of an effort to restore individual markers to the graves of nearly 300 Des Moines pioneer babies say they are making progress .
The first 48 stones have been ordered and they should be installed this year .
The local Abigail Adams chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution is heading the fundraising effort . The members of The Colonial Dames of America recently made a $ 1,000 donation that aided in the initial purchase of stone markers .
So far about $ 8,000 has been raised .
“ Our goal is to raise the funds to ensure the babies from pioneer families buried in historic Woodland Cemetery have permanent grave markers , ” said Laura Kozin of the Abigail Adams chapter . “ We are pleased to connect with others in the metro who share a passion for history and historic preservation . ”
Woodland Cemetery lies along the western edge of Sherman Hill , a designated historic district . It is the resting place of many early Iowa families , and builders – famous and not-so famous – of what would become Iowa 's capital city .
Cholera , smallpox , diphtheria and typhoid fever , all highly contagious , were widespread in the late 1800s . In the 1890s , smallpox outbreaks scourged Iowa communities . After 1900 , quarantine , vaccine and sanitary education began to turn the tide .
“ Baby Hill ” was designated in 1899 . Within six years , 500 infants were buried there . DAR chapter historian Kristine Bartley is integral in the campaign to restore this part of the cemetery . A fifth generation Des Moines native with many ancestors buried in Woodland Cemetery , Bartley knows first-hand the many years of neglect .
“ These babies have been in unmarked graves for over 100 years . It 's long past time to honor these children with proper headstones , ” Bartley said .
The project was inspired by Gerald A. LaBlanc , a spark plug for preservation , restoration and appreciation of the history at Woodland Cemetery . An educator and tour guide , LaBlanc has long advocated for cemetery preservation .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Make a donation
WHAT : Abigail Adams chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution is raising money to purchase grave markers for pioneer babies buried at Woodland Cemetery .
HOW : Donations , marked “ Tiny Stones ” can be sent to Abigail Adams Chapter , c/o Treasurer Andi Summy , 687 N.E . 64th St. , Des Moines , IA 50327-9168 . All gifts are tax-deductible .
MORE : Invite an Abigail Adams member to speak to your group by contacting Kristine Bartley at 515-720-5361 or kristinebartley @ gmail.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //dmreg.co/1S08gtx
During an at times contentious exchange today on CNN 's Reliable Sources , The Hollywood Reporter columnist Michael Wolff criticized host Brian Stelter over the style and approach Stelter has taken of late on his program .
Wolff came on to essentially make the case that the media as a whole has been overreacting to the presidency of Donald Trump and what it means to journalism as a whole . After Stelter explained that the editor of the New Yorker told him that this is “ an emergency ” and that “ journalists have to act differently , ” Wolff dismissed it as the editor just being “ personally offended and upset . ”
While Wolff did admit that he is “ sucking up a bit ” in order to get access to the White House , he said he did n't necessarily know if he was going easy on the White House to gain that access . He further noted that this is something they 've done with every administration . This then turned into a conversation about whether the media was at war with Trump .
The discussion eventually switched to Wolff 's take on the CNN senior media correspondent 's coverage of the media under Trump . The writer 's criticism of Stelter in a recent Newsweek piece was also brought up . When asked by Stelter what he he thought was wrong with his style or substance , Wolff gave the following response :
I mean this with truly no disrespect , but I think you can border on being sort of quite a ridiculous figure . It 's not a good look to repeatedly and self-righteously defend your own self-interest . The media should not be the story . Every week in this religious sense you make it the story . We are not the story .
When Stelter hit back , asking why there was n't room for one hour a week on CNN for this , Wolff responded by saying he loved the show but he wished Stelter “ would n't turn to the camera and lecture America about the virtues of the media and every one trying to attack it . ”
Wolff would go on and say the front page of the New York Times now looks like 1938 Germany every single day , with Stelter pushing back against that characterization .
“ No it does not , ” he exclaimed . “ Give me a break .
Watch the exchange above , via CNN .
[ image via screengrab ]
–
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter : @ justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
ANAHEIM – The Anaheim Planning Commission approved plans Monday to allow a developer to build a $ 450 million mixed-use project , despite opposition from Angels officials .
The commission voted 4-0 for the development billed as the LT Platinum Center , a massive project on 15 acres with plans for condos , apartments , hotels , retail and office space , that sits on the corner of Orangewood Avenue and State College Boulevard on the same area as Angel Stadium .
“ We 've been waiting for a long time to formally get city approval and can start talking to tenants , ” said Randy Jefferson , an executive director with LT Global . “ It 's quite an incredible opportunity for us and the city . ”
The City Council gets the final say in October .
Several Angels officials , including team chairman Dennis Kuhl and senior Vice President Molly Jolly , spoke against the project . The Angels ' attorney Friday sent a letter to the city , saying the project is “ ill advised ” and would “ cannibalize a longtime Anaheim business by making major changes to the Platinum Triangle . ”
“ From the beginning , we have been very transparent with the city regarding our concerns about ” the proposal , Angels President John Carpino said in a statement after the meeting . “ The land is zoned residential , and LT purchased it with this zoning entitlement in 2014 , any significant change to commercial zoning will irreparably harm the city-owned stadium . ”
The Angels and LT Global have had an acrimonious relationship since the developer asked them last year if the team would share some of their parking lot . LT Global had planned to create a walkway linking the properties .
The Angels rebuffed the idea , prompting LT Global to scale down its plans .
Jefferson was not surprised by the Angels ' move .
“ We 're in the same place we were in before , ” Jefferson said of negotiations . “ The Angels are our neighbors . We offered to sit down and talk with them and we continue to want to do that . Angels baseball is about Anaheim . We should all be together on the same team from that point of view . ”
Contact the writer : 714-796-2443 or jpimentel @ ocregister.com or follow on Twitter @ OCDisney
Australia 's senate has rejected proposed legislation to restore the international radio service of the country 's public broadcaster .
Photo : RNZI
The bill would have required the ABC to restore its shortwave transmission services which the broadcaster ended in January this year .
This move was described in the bill as having deprived communities in Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands and other parts of the Pacific of access to reliable emergency broadcasting .
Submitters of the bill questioned the ABC 's assertions that very few listeners accessed Radio Australia 's shortwave service .
Concerns of the submitters included perceived neglect of remote communities in the Pacific , and the loss of capacity for emergency warning broadcasts .
They also appealed to Australia 's own regional interests , warning of the potential loss of an avenue for diplomacy and `` soft power '' in the Pacific .
But the senate committee concluded that the measures proposed in the bill were not an appropriate way to address the concerns raised about the end of the shortwave services .
However the committee 's decision came with some dissenting reports .
In one of them , Senator Nick Xenophon described the decision to shut down ABC shortwave as a significant foreign policy failure .
`` The board can not really be blamed for this oversight ; foreign policy is a responsibility of the whole of government , '' he said .
`` In allowing the ABC Board to shut down ABC shortwave , the government has failed . ''
Jack Leach took more Championship wickets than any other English spinner in 2016
Somerset left-arm spinner Jack Leach was not considered for a call-up to England 's tour of India because of concerns about his action .
Leach was overlooked as a replacement for the injured Zafar Ansari , with Liam Dawson chosen instead .
Information on his action became public the day after India scored 759-7 in the fourth Test in Chennai .
`` When I did the test and they told me , I was as shocked as anyone , '' said Leach , 25 .
Leach took 65 Championship wickets in 2016 , more than any other English spinner . He has been part of the England Lions squad for matches against the UAE and Afghanistan and will tour Sri Lanka in the new year .
`` It was only a very small thing in terms of my body position , '' he added . `` I 've made a hell of a lot of progress and I was pleased with the way it went out in the UAE . ''
Leach said he had `` come to terms '' with needing work on his action and that he would be a `` better bowler in future '' .
Peter Such , the ECB 's lead spin-bowling coach , confirmed : `` He 's only made slight modifications but they make a big difference , and we 've seen really significant progress '' .
Matthew Maynard , Somerset 's director of cricket , said : `` Whilst he was picked up for a minor abnormality in his bowling action during routine testing at the end of the season , this was quickly addressed with remedial work , allowing him to play for England Lions over the last few weeks .
`` I have every confidence that he will be playing for England in the future and that there is no major issue with his bowling action . ''
Leach was not chosen for the tour to Bangladesh , with routine tests at England 's national performance centre then revealing that his action may breach the 15-degree limit for the straightening of the elbow .
Ex-England spinner Vic Marks said : `` The timing is convenient , because England are getting stick for their selection .
`` It nags at me how come this has just come out , '' added Marks , who played six Tests for England . `` I do n't like that it 's come out after England have just gone for 759 , with people rumbling about why he is n't here . ''
`` I was stunned when I heard it , '' former Somerset captain Marks said on Test Match Special . `` It just has n't occurred to me that there was any problem at all . He looked to have a classic , orthodox action .
`` However , it is hard to argue with the computer or camera . ''
Any problems with Leach 's action would have had no bearing on the selection of the original touring party , but did prevent him from being called up as a replacement for Ansari after the third Test .
Dawson has gone on to make his debut in the fifth Test , where England conceded their highest total in Tests .
The Hampshire left-armer was the most economical of England 's spinners in Chennai , taking 2-129 off 43 overs , while Moeen Ail returned figures of 1-190 off 41 overs and Adil Rashid claimed 1-153 off 29.4 overs .
You there ! Are your next seven days not filled with an expansive and enjoyable MMO ? Do n't worry , we can fix that . We have 5,000 Wildstar trial keys , and we 're literally giving them away . The keys—which are redeemable from Tuesday , 29 July —will give you a full week of Wildstar access , up to a Level 20 cap . Do n't worry , that still means a trial period packed full of questing , Adventures , Dungeons and more .
Update : The keys have all been taken . Those that successfully claimed one should be getting their email soon .
How do you redeem the key ? First , if you do n't yet have one , create an NCSoft account .
Then , follow these steps :
Log into your account using the official WILDSTAR website . Click `` APPLY A CODE '' on the red banner near the top of the page . Enter your personal serial key and click Apply . If you receive a success message , you 're good to go . If not double-check the serial key is entered correctly . Download the client by clicking “ Download Game ” in the Account Summary box .
Remember : keys can be redeemed from Tuesday , 29 July , and they must be activated by Sunday , 3 August . Also , Wildstar is rated PEGI 12+ .
For more on Wildstar , check out our review , or see below for Carbine 's introductory trailer .
An Iranian-American advocacy group has filed the first federal lawsuit over President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's latest travel ban .
The lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court of the District of Maryland on Monday by the Iranian Alliance Across Borders ( IAAB ) , along with Americans United for Separation of Church and State and Muslim Advocates . The groups also partnered with the National Iranian-American Council .
“ Over the past year , our members have been subject to discrimination in their schools and subways . We have been separated from our loved ones and had to endure this administration 's continued campaign to divide our families , ” said IAAB 's executive director , Mana Kharrazi .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our youth are witness to a rise in hatred that puts our country in jeopardy of ushering in a dark chapter of bigotry . We have a right to exist and be protected in the U.S. without becoming pawns in an agenda that has little to do with safety and security . ”
The complaint argues that Trump 's latest travel ban defies an Immigration and Nationality Act rule that bars discrimination when providing visas . It also says Trump 's new restrictions violates the establishment clause .
“ Despite President Trump 's attempts to cloak this latest iteration of his Muslim ban in religiously neutral garb by invoking a national security review and including North Korea and Venezuela , the purpose and effects of the Proclamation remain unchanged : to keep Muslims from entering the United States , ” the complaint reads .
The latest ban , announced by administration officials last month , alters the list of countries targeted for vetting restrictions to now include North Korea , Chad , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Syria , Yemen and Venezuela .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) said last Friday that it would challenge the latest ban .
“ President Trump 's newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core , and it certainly engages in discrimination based on national origin , which is unlawful , '' the ACLU 's executive director , Anthony Romero , said in a statement .
This report was updated at 11:21 a.m .
Aug 29 ( Reuters ) - Aetna Inc has decided not to sell insurance on New York 's individual health insurance exchange , which is being created under President Barack Obama 's healthcare reform law , the fifth state where it has reversed course in recent weeks .
The third-largest U.S. health insurer has said it is seeking to limit its exposure to the risks of providing health plans to America 's uninsured , but did not give details about its decision to pull out of specific markets .
`` We believe it is critical that our plans not only be competitive , but also financially viable , in order to meet the long-term needs of the exchanges in which we choose to participate . On New York , as a result of our analysis , we reluctantly came to the conclusion to withdraw , '' Aetna spokeswoman Cynthia Michener said .
The New York decision comes as states finalize the roster of health plans that will be offered to millions of uninsured Americans beginning on Oct. 1 .
Aetna and its newly acquired Coventry Health unit , a low-cost provider that caters to individuals and Medicaid beneficiaries and provides private Medicare policies , still have applications to sell coverage in 10 states , based on publicly available information .
Michener said the full list of state exchanges where Aetna will participate is still being finalized .
The new online insurance exchanges are the lynchpin of Obama 's healthcare reform , representing a massive technology build-out that has run up against multiple delays and political opposition in many states . In their first year , the exchanges aim to provide coverage to 7 million uninsured Americans , many of whom will be eligible for government subsidies .
Aetna 's large competitors , such as UnitedHealth Group Inc and WellPoint Inc , have also planned limited entries into the new exchanges while they wait and see whether they operate smoothly and whether enough healthy people sign on to offset the costs of sicker new members .
`` We 've got this period where the exchange experience , the exchange sentiment , and news headlines are probably not going to be very flattering and that 's not going to have a positive impact on turnout , '' said Jefferies & Co analyst David Windley .
`` Longer-term , those kinks will get ironed out , more people will get comfortable and in ( the next few years ) more people will be accessing their health insurance through an exchange of some sort , '' he said .
'RISK-BASED APPROACH '
Aetna signaled last month that it was considering withdrawing some applications because of its purchase of Coventry , which also had filed documents to sell insurance plans on exchanges around the country .
`` We have taken a prudent risk-based approach to both our overall exposure and exposure within a given marketplace , '' Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini said on a conference call with analysts at the time .
Since then , it has withdrawn applications in Maryland , Ohio , Georgia , and Connecticut , where it is based . In Maryland , Aetna 's decision came after state regulators ordered the company to lower rates dramatically from what it had proposed .
Aetna also has filed applications in Florida , Arizona and Virginia , where the federal government will operate the exchanges , and in Washington , D.C. , which is running its own exchange .
Coventry filed applications to sell insurance in Florida , Iowa , Kansas , Louisiana , Nebraska , North Carolina , Ohio and Virginia , according to those states ' insurance departments . Iowa is working with the government on its exchanges while the rest are being run entirely by the federal government .
Coventry withdrew its applications in Georgia and Maryland when Aetna bowed out but it remains in Ohio . It also withdrew earlier this month from Tennessee .
Aetna and Coventry may also have filed plans in other states that have not released any information about participants .
Insurance plans in the 33 states that have defaulted to the federal government exchanges must be approved by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , and then insurers sign off on them . Earlier this week , HHS delayed the sign-off deadline to mid-September after originally aiming for early next month .
Michener said the company will continue to serve small business and large business customers in New York and will offer products to individual consumers outside of the exchanges .
× Expand David Michael Miller
The state budget is two months late mostly because Republicans , who control everything , ca n't agree on the transportation budget . The projected gap between what 's needed to fix and expand roads and current revenues is about $ 500 million a year . So , Gov . Scott Walker and some of his legislative colleagues have come up with a “ one percent solution. ” They would tax 1 % of car owners to fix 1 % of the problem . Brilliant .
Last week Walker told reporters that he believes Assembly and Senate Republicans were near a deal on transportation and that it might include a special tax on hybrid and electric vehicles . Registration for those vehicles would go up $ 50 a year to $ 125 , while everybody else would keep paying $ 75 .
That 's right . Your neighbor who drives the gas-guzzling monster pickup would be rewarded while you , trying to burn less fossil fuels and do something good for everybody 's environment , will get penalized for your efforts . Hey , it 's a good deed . It will not go unpunished .
The nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau has estimated that the new tax would generate all of $ 5 million a year mostly because hybrids and electrics only make up about 1 % of the vehicle fleet . So this tax would solve 1 % of the problem . No word from legislative leaders about where the other $ 495 million will come from .
But wait . Did n't all these guys sign Grover Norquist 's pledge not to ever raise taxes ever at all on anybody ? Apparently , this does not apply to hybrid and electric car owners as we all know that they are almost exclusively liberal Democrats . Folks , when it comes to absolute pledges based on high principle , you just have to read the fine print .
But this is all silly and it just highlights how unserious the governor and Legislature are about solving the problem . The real reason that the transportation budget is in the hole is the increasing efficiency of vehicles powered by the conventional gasoline engine . Vehicles built in 2013 got an average of 24 miles per gallon , which was four miles better than just five years earlier . Because the lion 's share of the transportation budget comes from the gas tax , increased miles-per-gallon means less gas purchased . Add on the fact that the state has not increased the gas tax in more than a decade and you have yourself a deficit in the road-building fund .
Now , you can make a good argument that the state builds too many big highways too wide and too elaborately with little gained in travel time . But there is little dispute that local streets , roads and highways are in bad shape and need to be fixed . So , maybe with some dialing back of the big road projects the deficit is not $ 500 million , but we still need more revenue just to repair what we have .
The most practical short-term solution is an increase in the gas tax . Gas prices are stable and at historic lows , so an increase is likely to generate minor blowback especially if drivers understand that it will go into smoothing out the pavement . Just since July , six states have increased their gas taxes with the largest increase of 7 cents a gallon in Idaho , a deep red state of high anti-tax sentiment and where lots of driving is a must for a lot of residents . If Idaho pols believed the political winds were favorable for a gas tax there , why not Wisconsin ?
The gas tax is also a very efficient and quick way of raising revenue . One potential alternative , tolling , is expensive to start up and relies on Congress to change the rules to allow it to happen on interstate highways , which is where most of the revenue would be generated . I know . It 's emotionally satisfying to imagine tolls hitting every Illinois license plate that crosses the border and that may happen someday , but for now that 's just a tail pipe dream .
But even the gas tax is not the long-term solution . The problem is that while it once was a roughly fair way to pay for roads ( drive more , consume more gas , pay more at the pump ) it is becoming less so with new technology . There is a theoretical justification for taxing hybrids and electrics more : they still create wear and tear on the roads but they do n't pay their way through the gas tax . But of course that 's true of super efficient conventional vehicles as well , and they make up a much larger share of the fleet .
The long-term solution is a vehicle miles travelled ( VMT ) tax . Under that scenario , drivers would pay a small amount for each mile they drive , regardless of how their vehicle is powered . The tax could be levied per mile with existing technology that is already in place in every car produced in the last several years .
There is resistance from privacy advocates who fear that Big Brother will be watching our every move . My guess is that as millennials take over that will be much less of a concern ; this is a generation that grew up with cell phones that track our whereabouts and an Internet that follows our purchases and our web browsing , and with surveillance cameras everywhere . The expectations of privacy have changed , probably for the worse , but simply keeping track of how many miles a person drives , for the sake of charging them a fair amount for the cost of fixing roads , seems like a more justified intrusion than most other things .
As of now , the hybrid-electric tax is just a bad idea floated by a governor and a Legislature that imagines the people driving those vehicles as voters who would not vote for them anyway . It may not make it into the final budget . But the bigger problem of raising enough revenue to fix our roads remains elusive .
Bharat Singh , BJP MP from Ballia Bharat Singh , BJP MP from Ballia
With the NDA set to celebrate its one year in power at the Centre , the resentment brewing among party MPs against the government and top party leadership has begun to come out in open .
At the party 's parliamentary meet on Wednesday , when the first-time Ballia MP Bharat Singh attacked the Narendra Modi government and union ministers for failing to fulfil people 's expectations .
He said that despite tall promises and claims ahead of Lok Sabha polls , the government has failed to deliver on the ground . Talking about his constituency , Singh said despite large amount of funds being released by the government for the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana , not even a single kilometre of road has been built in his constituency .
Union Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu clarified that Bharat Singh 's resentment was against the state government for not properly utilising and distributing funds . But sources say Singh 's anger was aimed towards the union ministers who are inaccessible for party MPs and they have to wait for months for a reply of their queries . Many other MPs also supported Bharat Singh in the meeting by clapping when he ended his tirade .
BJP has announced that it will mark the NDA government 's completion of one year in office as 'Jan Kalyan Parv . '
Under the week-long celebration from May 26 to June 1 , the party will highlight the schemes , policies and programmes of the Modi government .
Ministers , MPs and senior functionaries of the party will travel across the country to highlight the government 's welfare measures and various policies for the welfare of the poor .
Modi will also launch his two ambitious insurance policies .
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh have been assigned to launch the scheme from Mumbai and Lucknow respectively . Party MPs have also been instructed to launch the scheme from their respective constituencies .
The government aims at implementing the scheme at a large scale like the Jan Dhan Yojna and insurance agencies will be given targets to ensure the scheme 's success .
Steve Wozniak was such a chronically shy teenager he could barely summon the courage to speak to other kids , instead he would spend his evenings tinkering with calculators and dreaming of super computers .
He 's a different man today . Mr Wozniak , or Woz to use one of his many nicknames , has just had a roomful of high-powered businessmen in stitches as he recounted the rocky beginnings of one of the world 's most loved companies .
His first love was a super computer , a poster of which he had pinned to his bedroom wall . `` I told my dad I wanted to buy one , he said it would cost as much as our house . I replied : 'That 's OK I 'll live in an apartment ' '' .
During his years studying , but not completing until decades later , electrical engineering and computer sciences at the University of California ( Berkeley ) he started down the road to professional technology development by taking on freelance commissions to design software for established companies .
When he was given his first commission to design a computer game for Atari he could barely contain his excitement . `` I thought 'Oh my god , It would be the highlight of my life to design a game that kids would actually use . Steve and I did n't sleep for two days to get it done on time . '' His enthusiasm and creativity is clearly undiminished to this day : he still lies in bed at night imagining the next world changing `` killer app '' .
The two Steve 's were polar opposites but their differences made the company they founded , which now has market capitalisation of $ 92bn , work . `` Steve was into everything hippy , he ran around shouting 'free love man ' and eating seeds '' as he embraced the flower power set . While `` the second Steve '' , as Mr Wozniak became known , was still unable to overcome his nerves .
Even when he landed his dream job at Hewlett Packard developing calculators he was `` still the sort of person who would never have a wife or a family '' so he would go home watch a little Star Trek and then work on projects all night .
Indeed Apple may never have seen the light of day if Hewlett Packard ( HP ) had recognised the 58-year-old Californian 's flair and creativity . His idea for the Apple I computer , which would transform the future of personal computing , was turned down by his employer no less than five times . `` Oh my god , I wanted it so badly , '' he recalls .
Bill Hewlett , co-founder of HP with Dave Packard , later simply said `` you win some , you lose some '' .
Despite the constant knock backs , Mr Wozniak was `` almost too ethical '' to leave HP when `` the angel '' Mike Markkula offered 'the Steves ' $ 250,000 to set-up their own company . `` I thought I owed it to HP to stay . But Steve [ Jobs ] got at all my family and they convinced me I had to do it '' .
Although he has been `` basically retired '' from Apple since 1987 , it is clear his love for the company will never be diminished . He was never in it for the money , as his surprisingly frank and honest comments on the future of the company and the technology industry testify .
Last week Apple 's shares tumbled nearly 20pc after two analysts downgraded the stock on fears that the consumer spending slowdown could seriously hit future profits .
While many company founders would steer well clear of commenting on valuations , Mr Wozniak says the downgrade was `` correct '' : an admission which could wipe further millions of the shares which have fallen by from a high of $ 179 in August to just over $ 100 on the close last week .
In fact he believes : `` It is time for the whole computer industry to maybe have a bit of a slowdown . For twenty years we have been in this replacement and upgrade market , '' he says . `` It is very easy to postpone that when there are financial irregularities . ''
He says investment houses ' over-valuation of web 2.0 and social networking websites could even lead to a minor version of the dotcom crash which saw $ 5 trillion wiped of the market values of technology companies between March 2000 and October 2002 .
I begin to wonder whether he was even briefed by the Apple press office when he predicts the imminent death of the company 's most popular product , the iPod .
`` The iPod has sort of lived a long life at number one , '' he says . `` Things like , that if you look back to transistor radios and Walkmans , they kind of die out after a while .
`` It 's kind of like everyone has got one or two or three . You get to a point when they are on display everywhere , they get real cheap and they are not selling as much . ''
Mr Wozniak even speaks out against the iPhone 3G , Apple 's latest cult product which caused pandemonium in the West End when it was launched in Apple 's Regent Street store this summer .
`` Consumers are n't getting all they want when companies are very proprietary and lock their products down , '' he says when comparing the iPhone 's closed operating system to the new Google phone 's open source system which allows anyone to modify and adapt the way the phone works . `` I would like to write some more powerful apps than what you 're allowed , '' he laments .
If consumer technology spending plummets , and the indications are it will , Apple should be better placed than others to survive as many of their customers buy their products with almost religious devotion .
While many companies would give their all for such strong customer loyalty , both Mr Wozniak and Mr Jobs `` do n't like the fact that it 's a bit of a religion '' .
`` I would like to have the users influence the next generation , '' he says . `` With a religion you 're not allowed to challenge anything . I want our customers to challenge us . ''
Despite his frankness throughout the interview he clams up when pressed on speculation about future product launches , claiming that `` nobody , not even Steve Jobs '' knows what 's next .
`` I think he would be sitting there [ unaware ] right up until the day it is introduced . '' However , he let slip that Apple 's future could lie in an `` iWatch '' .
It is clear his teenage shyness is a thing of the past , but his inner geek certainly remains . Who else but the co-founder of Apple would name his dogs X , Y and Z , and consider naming his child Zowoz `` because it 's a palindrome '' ?
The fabled Sony 13.3 inch e-reader , known as the DPT-S1 is now available in Japan . It is only for sale via the business unit of Sony and is seeing limited trials at 3 universities . Currently is available for 98,000 yen , which is fairly expensive . Sony will not divulge how many units were sold , but my sources have saying the sales are extremely limited .
The Sony 13.3 inch e-reader is planned on hitting the USA within the next three months . It is set to have a price tag of $ 1100 to $ 1200 dollars , which puts it out of reach for most common folk . The plan is to bring it into Canada too , but only from the direct to business arm of Sony , it will not be marketed to customers . One of the barriers is the inability to read anything but PDF files , which limits the scope of who sees this as a viable option .
This e-Reader is one of the most eagerly anticipated models of the year . It is perfect for schools or people involved in technical fields , where recharging a device when you 're out , is simply not an option .
Forty years ago , when two women -- Betty Ford and Margaretta ( Happy ) Rockefeller -- went public with their diagnoses of breast cancer , it was historic . In contrast to our modern era , which encourages women with the disease to tell their stories , breast cancer remained a quiet subject in the 1970s .
Yet despite these women 's courageous acts , their legacies remain more complicated . Indeed , Ford 's cancer disproved the specific lessons her case had supposedly taught . As we continue to struggle with breast cancer and additional celebrities go public , it is worth revisiting what we have really learned .
Ford was not the first famous woman to tell her story . Shirley Temple Black had revealed details of her diagnosis and mastectomy in 1973 . But Ford was the First Lady -- the wife of President Gerald R. Ford -- when her doctor discovered a lump in her right breast on Sept. 26 , 1974 .
It would certainly been possible at the time for Ford to have quietly undergone surgery without informing the press . But she felt strongly that the public deserved to know . Thus , newspapers across the country on Sept. 29 described in great detail the radical mastectomy that Ford had undergone the previous day [ 1 ] .
Public outpouring was enormous . Ford received over 50,000 pieces of mail , many from other women with breast cancer [ 2 ] .
Ford 's lesson for other women was straightforward : get a mammogram , which she had not done . The American Cancer Society and National Cancer Institute had recently mounted a demonstration project to promote the detection of breast cancer as early as possible , when it was presumed to be more curable .
The degree to which women embraced Ford 's message became clear through the famous `` Betty Ford blip . '' So many women got breast examinations and mammograms for the first time after Ford 's announcement that the actual incidence of breast cancer in the United States went up by 15 percent .
But Ford 's case was a classic example of how early detection often did not matter . Her cancer was large enough to be felt on a physical exam . Moreover , she had three positive lymph nodes in her right underarm , indicating spread of the disease . Ford 's cancer was not at all early [ 3 ] .
Yet probably because she was among the earliest women to receive chemotherapy for cancer localized to the breast and lymph nodes , Ford survived . Her tumor had been very sensitive to the medication .
But women who pursued mammography in the wake of Ford 's diagnosis remained certain that their breast cancers -- if detected -- would be curable . `` I thank God and you that I found it in time , '' one woman wrote to Ford in December 1974 . `` Without you , I may have been too late '' [ 4 ] .
To say that we are still struggling with the value of early detection is an understatement . Despite substantial data from randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses indicating that mammography , particularly for women under 50 , saves few , if any , lives , breast cancer narratives typically attribute survival to mammography . While such accounts are both inspiring and hopeful , they -- like Betty Ford 's story -- use pieces of information to create a coherent narrative after the fact .
It was Ford 's experiences that induced Rockefeller , the wife of vice-president designate Nelson Rockefeller , to examine her own breasts . She found a lump and , only a few weeks after Ford , had a modified radical mastectomy for a left-sided cancer .
Rockefeller 's surgeon at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center , Jerome Urban , was especially aggressive in his treatment of breast cancer . In order to find potential cancers , he performed what he called `` mirror image biopsies '' -- removing a piece of tissue in the unaffected breast that corresponded to the location of the cancer on the other side . He did so because his data showed that 15 to 20 percent of such women would have either cancer or abnormal cells , known as carcinoma-in-situ ( CIS ) [ 5 ] . It was another form of early detection .
When Urban found CIS in Rockefeller 's second breast , he recommended she have it removed as well . Even though there was no actual cancer there , she was at higher than average risk for it in the future . Identifying and treating CIS as early as possible , one of Urban 's colleagues wrote , was `` catching breast cancer as early as possible '' [ 6 ] . Rockefeller agreed and had a second mastectomy .
Today , prophylactic mastectomies are on the rise , both for women with breast cancer and those at risk for the disease . No one disputes the use of these procedures for those with either a BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation , which convey a lifetime risk of developing breast cancer as high as 85 percent . A celebrity who opted for double mastectomy in this circumstance was the actress Angelina Jolie . However , growing numbers of women without these mutations but with breast cancer , CIS or other risk factors are now requesting -- and obtaining -- mastectomies . Yet none of these procedures has ever been shown to prolong survival .
Just as Betty Ford 's survival was not due to early detection , Rockefeller 's survival ( she turned 88 in June 2014 ) unlikely resulted from the prophylactic removal of her second breast . Early detection of breast and other cancers remains a complicated and controversial subject . While we applaud the courageous acts of these women 40 years ago , we should remember that celebrity illnesses can both inform and misinform .
References :
London 's police commissioner resigned his post on Sunday , just a few hours after a former executive for Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp was arrested in connection with the News Of The World phone hacking scandal .
Sir Paul Stephenson , chief of the Metropolitan Police Force , also known as Scotland Yard , announced his resignation in a press conference and explained that the media coverage of the scandal “ not only provide [ s ] excessive distraction both for myself and colleagues , but [ is ] likely to continue for some time. ” Stephenson and the police services have been in the spotlight in the wake of allegations that officers accepted bribes from reporters for Murdoch 's News Of The World tabloid — reporters who have been accused of hacking into the phone records of murder and terrorism victims , celebrities , and public officials . Scotland Yard has also been criticized for botching the initial investigation into News Of The World phone hacking in 2006 . Two people were convicted then , but recent revelations suggest the scandal was far more sprawling then the initial investigation found .
Stephenson himself has also been criticized for his decision to hire Neil Wallis , who was arrested last week in connection with the scandal , as a public relations adviser for Scotland Yard .
In his statement , Stephenson denied that he knew of any wrongdoing during his tenure as police chief . “ I had no knowledge of , or involvement in , the original investigation into phone hacking in 2006 that successfully led to the conviction and imprisonment of two men , ” he said . “ I had no reason to believe this was anything other than a successful investigation . I was unaware that there were any other documents in our possession of the nature that have now emerged . ”
Stephenson also denied that he knew Wallis may have been involved in the scandal when he hired him . “ I have heard suggestions that we must have suspected the alleged involvement of Mr Wallis in phone hacking . Let me say unequivocally that I did not and had no reason to have done so , ” he continued .
“ I saw senior figures from News International providing evidence that the misbehaviour was confined to a rogue few and not known about at the top , ” Stephenson added .
Read the full statement here .
Earlier Sunday , Rebekah Brooks , the former chief executive of News International , which publishes all of News Corp 's U.K. newspapers , was arrested on charges of illegally intercepting communications and organizing improper payments to police officers . She had resigned from her position on Friday .
Cars ! Russia ! What does that mean ? Hot Russian girls draped over the bonnets of cars , of course ! Well , not really . Were talking odd tuning fails and the most bizarre car modifications from beyond the Iron Curtain . But , so as not to disappoint you , well start off with this glamorous shot .
The people who modify their cars are of usually one of two certain breeds ; the practically minded engineering geniuses and those that like a good bodge . Naturally , the more insane the mods , the more likelihood that the latter breed will be responsible . Here we have Nina , a Russian bride ( well Belarusian ) now living in America . Her bandana is supposed to look like that ...
Source
The cars are the stars , so lets start this pick of the best , insane , Russian car modifications . Remember ; this isnt Americas Pimp your Ride , the following vehicles are cheap and these crazy mods havent set the owners back tens of thousands of dollars .
Exposed Engine
A simple bit of non-invasive customising is the bespoke paint job . This Chevy appears to have had its bonnet ripped open by some fearsome beast . The owner probably regrets the engine beneath the bonnet isnt quite as good .
Source
Furry Car
Spotted on a Used Cars website , this furry car will be snug and warm for a Siberian cold morning start . When it comes to cleaning it , a carpet washer rather than a chammy or sponge will be the order of the day .
Source
Beamer
BMWs are solid , reliable cars suitable for the harsher climate extremes . Of course , there are the issues with older models that have wheels proportionally too small which make the car look weak . One solution is to fit those large rims . Making sure they actually fit within the arches is a must ...
Source
Recaro Seats ?
Great for supporting the driver in high speed or rallying situations , Recaro seats arent necessary for everyday use . This Russian example of factory fitted seat replacement to more homely chairs leave a lot to be desired . Fun though .
Source
Big Bore Exhausts
Factory fitted custom exhausts can give a satisfying bass rumble without being sounding like the blown exhaust effect you hear from boy racer cars done on the cheap . This Lada Samara ( named after the sixth largest city in Russia , fact fans ) will have a unique , throaty sound from its drain pipe , sorry , tail pipe .
Source
Affordable Spoilers
The odd exhaust on this next vehicle is the least of the owners aesthetic concerns . The dismantled pallets may not be aerodynamically efficient but the added weight on this rear-wheel drive car will at least give it the benefit of extra traction .
Source
Custom Trike
In a triumph ( of sorts ) of recycling , the owner of this trike took the front of an old bike and coupled it to the back end of a Samara . Notice the big weld down the boot . Hes had to cut the rear of the car in half , remove a chunk , then weld it back together so It 's not too wide . Re-using the original seats and wing mirrors is an eco-friendly move .
Source
Jaguar ?
Fancy an executive Jaguar but all youve got is a Lada Riva and access to a scrapyard ?
Source
Less is definitely more
In the UK weve not seen Lada Rivas in fifteen years due to tightening of emissions restrictions in Europe . That means well never see this head-turning Riva on our streets . Fortunately .
Source
And finally ...
Concerned about getting lost while off-roading in the wilderness ? Its probably the same for this final cars owner . With a massive array of front spotlights , more aerials than the BBC TV network and a fine assortment of attention seeking horns this guy is not going to vanish easily .
Source
The news from Europe , if you listen to our infatuated media , is that the Euros love President Obama : according to the American reportage , his recent trip there was a cavalcade of photo-ops , cheering crowds , and hugs from the queen of England . Even the French were in awe of him ! However , if you look beneath the surface , not that far beneath the gloss and the glam there runs a current of irritation , and , dare I say it , resentment .
Take , for example , his stop in the Czech Republic , where he declared that he was seeking a nuclear-free world – that is , a world free of nuclear weapons . This is a goal the United States has a special moral responsibility to seek , he averred , because we are the only nation that has actually used these weapons . The crowd loved it . What they did n't at all love , however , was his announcement that
“ ‘ As long as the threat from Iran persists , we will go forward with a missile defense system that is cost-effective and proven . Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile activity poses a real threat , not just to the United States , but to Iran 's neighbors and our allies . ' ”
`` The governments of the Czech Republic and Poland , he added , are ‘ courageous ' for ‘ agreeing to host a defense against these missiles . ' ''
One supposes it takes a fair amount of courage to defy the wishes of your own people and obey the dictates of a foreign power , albeit not the sort of courage appreciated by Obama 's audience . As the London Telegraph put it :
`` The crowd enthusiastically cheered the more idealistic parts of Mr. Obama 's speech but was relatively subdued when he spoke about his backing for missile defense .
`` Petr Sramek , 33 , was among those disappointed that Mr. Obama had not dropped a policy that was opposed by more than two thirds of Czechs . ‘ I really liked the clear message on nuclear disarmament but I am against the missile defense system . It is more about geopolitical influence then defense against missiles . '
`` Arena Protivinska , 30 , described herself as a ‘ big fan ' of Mr. Obama but accused him of ‘ hypocrisy ' for urging world peace while also pushing forward with the missile shield . ‘ He sounded like George W Bush saying that we should be afraid in order to justify missile defense . ' ''
Like Americans , the Europeans want to believe – but they see the two faces of Barack Obama too clearly , and the contrast is too apparent to be denied . The gullible Americans , who take things at face value , still believe their new president represents a real change , a challenge to the status quo , while the more sophisticated Europeans are quick to pick up on Obama 's inconsistencies – made all the more glaring by his habit of pairing two mutually contradictory stances on the same issue .
This includes not only coupling missile `` defense '' in Eastern Europe with the prospect of a nuclear-free world , but also the recent launching of his `` Af-Pak '' initiative . Although dressed up as a diplomatic offensive , this is essentially a military offensive aimed at widening the war in Afghanistan to include portions of Pakistan .
The administration and its media lapdogs portrayed the Af-Pak rollout as a definitive break with the bad old days of the Bush White House , when it was all about troop movements . The new regime , we 're told , will initiate substantial diplomatic and humanitarian aid efforts , notably an effort to reach out to dissident elements of the Taliban . However , the real core of the Af-Pak strategy is a radical escalation of the military element , in effect an Afghan `` surge '' spilling over into Pakistan 's tribal areas : it means the addition of some 21,000 soldiers to U.S. forces , with the prospect of more to come .
The Janus-faced American hegemon speaks out of both sides of his mouth , and in two voices : one for the masses , who delight in his soaring idealism and seeming ability to express their deepest aspirations , and one for the elites , who hear a promise of continuity rather than change .
This two-track narrative framed even his Prague declamation of a nuclear-free world . According to a top White House aide , we are not to take this idea all that seriously :
`` Gary Samore , a White House adviser on arms control , indicated that Mr. Obama 's call for ridding the world of nuclear weapons should not be taken too literally . ‘ In terms of a nuclear-free world , we recognize this is not a near-term possibility , ' he said . Rather , the call was an attempt to ‘ seize the moral high ground ' in order to increase pressure on countries such as North Korea and Iran . ''
Obama giveth with one hand , and taketh away with another – smiling that oil-slick grin the whole time . Although I agree with the sentiments of the Czech woman cited above , the Obama method goes way beyond mere hypocrisy . It is a conscious technique of inverting the true meaning and intent of his policies .
Thus , his launching of an intensified military campaign in Central Asia is portrayed as an effort to `` stabilize '' the region . His provocation against Russia in Eastern Europe is paired with a call to abolish nuclear weapons . And , of course , this ploy carries over into the domestic arena , as well , where – in the process of giving certain favored sectors of the financial industry trillions in subsidies – he has launched a campaign against `` corporate greed '' and outrageously extravagant executive salaries and perks . He rails against corporate irresponsibility , yet he has appointed to his administration the very corporate insiders who got us into this mess in the first place .
Obama ran for president as the spokesman for the underdog – the little guy just managing to make ends meet , whose volunteerism and contributions over the Internet catapulted the Illinois senator into the running . Yet the reality is that Obama was corporate America 's candidate from the very beginning , and they showed it by lavishly financing his campaign : the money emanating from Goldman Sachs was quite impressive , and , together with the DNC , Wall Street buried the Republicans , who were outspent by three-to-one [ .pdf ] ( and out of gas in any event ) . Unsurprisingly , the top echelons of the president 's economic team are filled with former Goldman Sachs officials – and , not coincidentally , that firm is the primary beneficiary of the AIG/bank bailout .
The ruling elites of this country , confronted by the specter of a rising populist anger , have found in President Obama a subtle and skillful anger-management expert . For years they 've been frustrated in Washington , as their efforts to fight a spreading war met increasing resistance from the American people . Divine Providence smiled down on them , however , as Obama suddenly appeared out of nowhere . Here was an `` antiwar '' candidate who said we 've been fighting the wrong war all along – and , upon taking office , immediately rectified that by sending 21,000 more troops to the wilds of Central Asia .
What a godsend to the War Party Barack Obama is ! As he moves toward confrontations with Iran , Russia , and Pakistan , and continues to unnecessarily irritate China , Asia 's sleeping giant , the media portray him as the Great Peacemaker . As the mask slips , however , and the reality becomes all too apparent , how will his `` progressive '' supporters react ? Will they rise in protest , or sign on to Obama 's war ?
Stay tuned to this space for the answer…
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Detectives investigating allegations of a paedophile ring with links to Westminster are now examining connections to a possible murder , the Metropolitan Police has said .
Scotland Yard launched Operation Fairbank two years ago to probe suggestions that high profile political figures had been involved in organised child sex abuse in the 1970s and 1980s .
But now officers have set up a new strand of the inquiry , named Operation Midland , after being passed information about alleged murders that may have been connected with the paedophiles .
It is understood there are no confirmed identities for the suspected victims and no bodies at this stage , meaning the Metropolitan Police have only been willing to describe the investigation as examining a “ possible murder ” .
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : “ Over the past month , detectives working on Operation Fairbank within the Met 's Specialist Crime and Operations have been made aware of allegations concerning serious non-recent sexual abuse , said to have occurred over 30 years ago .
“ Our inquiries into this , over subsequent weeks , have revealed further information regarding possible homicide . Based on our current knowledge , this is the first time that this specific information has been passed to the Met . ”
The spokesman went on : “ Detectives from the Child Abuse Investigation Command are working closely with colleagues from the Homicide and Major Crime Command concerning this information , which is being looked at under the name of Operation Midland . ”
Operation Fairbank was launched in response to information passed on by MP Tom Watson , who used Prime Minister 's Questions in 2012 to air claims that there was a paedophile ring with links to Number 10 .
Mr Watson used parliamentary privilege to allege that a file of evidence used to convict Peter Righton of importing child pornography in 1992 contained `` clear intelligence '' of a sex abuse gang .
He wrote to Scotland Yard , which has since spawned two more inquiries from Fairbank - Fernbridge , which is looking at claims linked to the Elm Guest House in Barnes , south west London , in the 1980s , and Cayacos .
Speaking to the BBC , one of the alleged victims claimed that `` senior military and political figures '' had been involved in the abuse of youngsters in the 1970s and 1980s .
The man , who is now in his 40s and whose identity has been protected , claimed he had been regularly abused by a gang between 1975 and 1984 .
He said he was one of between 15 and 20 children , who would be picked up in cars and taken to hotels and apartments , where they were physically and sexually abused .
He said : `` They were very powerful people and they controlled my life for the next nine years . They created fear that penetrated every part of me , day in day out . You did n't question what they wanted , you did as they asked without question and the punishments were very severe . ''
He added : `` They had no hesitation in doing what they wanted to do , '' Nick said . `` Some of them were quite open about who they were . They had no fear at all being caught , it did n't cross their mind . ''
The man 's claims are understood to be among a number now being assessed by the Metropolitan Police .
In August , Scotland Yard said it had tripled the number of officers investigating the allegations of sex abuse in the wake of the claims of a Westminster cover-up .
'Positive exports growth in 26 out of 30 major product groups in Sep ' Top Stories » Apr-Jan fiscal deficit at 121 % of target » Industry welcomes GST Council decision on real estate » Govt invites entries for intellectual property competition » FIEO hails draft e-commerce policy » Need to diversify exports , explore new markets : Minister Saurabh Gupta | 16 Oct , 2017
Commenting on the positive exports growth in the month of September , the Federation of Indian Export Organisations ( FIEO ) in New Delhi has said the rebound in manufacturing and redressal of GST challenges will further boost India 's exports , job creation and growth .
The exports figure for the month of September , 2017 , for 13 months in a row , have shown positive growth said FIEO President , Ganesh Kumar Gupta as again 26 out of 30 major product groups , were in positive territory .
Engineering goods , Petroleum , Drugs & Pharmaceuticals , Organic & Inorganic Chemicals , Gems and Jewellery , Marine exports , Plantations , Cotton yarns , fabrics & made-ups and Plastics & Linoleum were some of the sectors , which contributed impressively to the positive growth in exports during the month . However , some of the major labour-intensive sectors like Handicraft , Fruits & Vegetables , Meat , Dairy & Poultry products and Iron-ore have posted negative growth .
The decline in these highly employment-intensive sectors is a worrisome sign observed FIEO Chief .
While we are very encouraged by the current trend in exports , said Gupta , `` we also expect to see much more impressive growth in coming months with the major announcements done on the GST front addressing the liquidity concerns and imparting necessary competitiveness to the exports sector . ''
Though global uncertainties , Rupee volatility and protectionism are still some of the major hurdles to our current growth in exports , FIEO Chief said , `` we are definitely on course to achieve about USD 310 billion exports during the fiscal as manufacturing data is also showing a rebound . ''
Gupta Friday said that issue of embedded taxes on exports , GST on sea and air freight for exports , seamless timely refund should be the priority of the Government besides managing high volatility in exchange rate .
Print the Page Add to Favorite Share this on :
Please comment on this story : Subject : Message :
( Maximum 1500 characters ) Characters left 1500 Your name :
ALCOHOL will be banned from streets and public places and if Qatari officials get their way even stadiums during the 2022 World Cup , the head of the country 's tournament organising committee said on Tuesday .
The comments by Hassan Al-Thawadi will further alarm football traditionalists already unhappy that the tournament will be moved to the winter because of fierce summer temperatures in Qatar .
A ban on alcohol inside stadiums — there has long been speculation about what the conservative Muslim country would do on the tricky issue of alcohol for the World Cup — could bring organisers into conflict with FIFA and powerful sponsors .
“ There will be no alcohol consumption on the streets , squares and public places and that is final , ” Al-Thawadi , secretary-general of the Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy , said in an interview printed on the website of Arabic language newspaper Al-Sharq .
“ We are against the provision of alcohol in stadiums and their surroundings . ”
There will not be a total alcohol ban , but drinking will be permitted only in “ faraway places ” , said Al-Thawadi , without going into details .
Drinking of alcohol is not illegal in Qatar and alcohol is available in hotels , while expats who live in the Gulf emirate can buy drink after applying for a licence .
Public drinking however is prohibited and bringing alcohol into the country is also forbidden .
The official said Qatar would resist attempts to change the country 's laws for the tournament , as has happened with previous World Cup hosts .
“ I did not get into a discussion with FIFA on this matter and there has been great pressure from FIFA on Russia ( 2018 hosts ) to change its laws , ” he said .
“ But our position is clear — we will legalise according to Qatari law and commensurate with the customs and traditions . ”
This could potentially lead to problems with football 's governing body FIFA and major sponsors , including beer giant Budweiser .
In the run-up to the tournament in Brazil in 2014 , it was widely reported that FIFA demanded alcohol be served at stadiums , which was against Brazilian law at the time . The South American hosts finally relented .
As well as the impact on cultural traditions there has been growing concern in Qatar about the link between alcohol and the behaviour of fans , especially following clashes at the Euros in France earlier this year , most notably between English and Russian fans .
Organisers have already stated they feared alcohol helped contribute to some of the violence seen in France .
Al-Thawadi said earlier this year that drunken fans during the 2022 World Cup would be treated “ gently ” .
It has been estimated by organisers that up to one million fans could descend on Qatar for the 2022 tournament .
Many of these could stay in hotels , specially designed campsites and cruise ships .
Developed and published by TellTale Games . Released 17 December 2013 . Available on PC ( reviewed ) , PS3 , Xbox 360 , and iOS .
TellTale Games ' The Walking Dead was one of the most affecting pieces of interactive software I 've ever had the pleasure ( and sorrow ) of playing . The word `` emotional '' has been overused in game criticism to the point of banality , but the wide range of feelings TellTale evoked from me - fear , amusement , relief , total despair - is a testament to the nuance and sensitivity of the studio 's enviable writing talent .
Naturally , the Season Two premier episode had a damn tough act to follow . 400 Days was a nice buffer , but this is the center stage , and TellTale has to tread a fine line between maintaining our high expectations without desperately relying on shock value or mawkishness in an attempt to make lightning strike twice . It is with great pleasure ( and the customary sadness that a truly effective Walking Dead episode evokes ) that I confirm TellTale Games has not missed a step .
Following the tragic events of Season One , Clementine takes the lead as the player character . Though matured and hardened by her experiences thus far , she is still a little girl , and the difference is keenly felt . Smaller and nowhere near as handy in a fight as Lee , players will feel the sting of inability as they find shelves too high to reach , and they 'll learn to fear unknown adult survivors in ways they never did before . The switch from adult to child is a jarring , almost disempowering one , but it 's startlingly effective at making the player feel truly ill at ease .
Make no mistake - Clem may not be able to throw a punch like Lee , but she 's far from weak as the lead role . A wonderful job has been done in making Clementine 's growth into a more cynical and capable character credible , and as players evade trouble and desperately fend off the obligatory `` walker '' attacks , they 'll find she uses all she has to put up an impressive fight . It 's an immeasurably tough thing , to write a vulnerable child protagonist who is n't incapable , but here it 's been pulled off with something resembling effortlessness .
Interactions remain largely the same as before , with objects and scenery highlighted onscreen , and manipulated with a simple click of a button . Once more , dialog plays a big part of the adventure , with players having to quickly choose from a number of answers that supporting cast members will remember in future installments . Being a season premier , All That Remains plays it fairly light in terms of offering agonizing choices , but there still manages to be a number of shocking , even harrowing , scenes that will unnerve the squeamish and easily disturbed .
One new addition to the game is a more `` classic '' take on quick-time-events . As well as the usual moments of button-mashing struggles and quick-targeting attacks , players will engage in chase sequences that require directional buttons to be pressed swiftly in order to avoid obstacles or opponents . These sequences allow The Walking Dead to appear more like a Quantic Dream game than ever , albeit with the extra bonus of having a well-written story and believable characters . Those who find QTEs unforgivable will doubtless be unimpressed by their further inclusion . I , personally , do n't mind their implementation in this particular case .
The user interface has been given a cosmetic overhaul , and I 'm not too fond of the new box-like dialog options . They 're a touch more overbearing and garish compared to the smaller , more subtle text options found in Episode One . However , the button prompts for `` struggle '' sequences are more stylish looking .
A narrative-driven game that draws the majority of its effectiveness from surprise is difficult to review , naturally , as spoilers must be carefully avoided . I will say that All That Remains is as beautifully constructed as anything found in Season One , to the point where it subverts expectations almost as soon as it sets them . Without going into too fine detail , the game quickly sets up Clementine with a new acquaintance , someone she can play off of , included in such a way that I feared a predictable and stereotypical relationship was about to unfold .
I could not have been more wrong .
What TellTale Games pulls with this particular character interaction is indicative of the kind of fresh narrative approach that earned it such critical acclaim in Season One . If that 's the opening gambit , I relish upcoming installments with both excitement and abject fear .
Retaining the comic book visuals of the previous season , the game looks lovely as ever , with delightfully relatable facial animations - proving once again that you do n't need photorealism to have an `` emotional '' experience . That said , the familiar framerate and stutter issues that plagued previous installments are all in abundance here , too . At least the voice acting is top notch , and the soundtrack is utterly beautiful - proving already to be even better than the first set of episodes ' powerful tunes .
The Walking Dead Season Two : All That Remains has quickly put to bed any worries I had that TellTale would be unable to pull off the same stunt twice . Written with a maturity , intelligence , and above all , restraint , the season opener packs its punches with frighteningly effective precision , and delivers exactly the kind of memorable , beautifully distressing content fans of the first series will have come to expect .
Bottom Line : Season One was like tossing your soul into a thresher . If All That Remains is anything to go by , this second season will burn the very heart of you .
Recommendation : Yeah , get it , for crying out loud .
A chatbot on one of China 's most popular instant messaging services has been quietly deleted after publicly spurning the country 's ruling Communist Party .
During a web test , the new BabyQ chatbot was asked : `` Do you love the Communist Party ? ''
According to the Financial Times , users were left surprised when the bot replied : `` No . ''
Further political dissent from the chatbot included unpatriotic responses to questions about the South China Sea , where China is engaged in a territorial dispute with several of its neighbours .
The gaffe at the hands of China 's largest internet company Tencent comes just ahead of the 19th Party Congress , with significant changes to the Communist Party expected .
There has been a significant crackdown on dissent of late , with Beijing especially targeting technologies used to criticise the regime . WhatsApp has been blocked , and privacy tools are now prohibited .
Image : Tencent , which launched the coarse chatbot , is China 's largest internet company
BabyQ is no longer available on Tencent 's popular QQ messaging platform . The company has not issued a statement addressing the politically risky incident , nor the chatbot 's removal .
A different chatbot developed by Microsoft , XiaoBing , is still in operation . However , according to screenshot on a Chinese microblogging site , that bot told QQ users : `` My China dream is to go to America . ''
China is not the only one to struggle with chatbots delivering politically offensive material .
The launch of Tay , Microsoft 's Twitter chatbot , was marred when it was quickly gamed by trolls to claim the Holocaust did n't happen , tell users that `` feminism is cancer '' , and state `` Bush did 9/11 '' .
At the time , Microsoft said : `` Although we had prepared for many types of abuses of the system , we had made a critical oversight for this specific attack .
`` As a result , Tay tweeted wildly inappropriate and reprehensible words and images . We take full responsibility for not seeing this possibility ahead of time . ''
Story Highlights Army vet claim nurse repeatedly placed ice packs after procedure
Man will require reconstructive surgery allowing him to urinate
LOUISVILLE , Kentucky ( AP ) — A U.S. Army veteran is seeking $ 10 million from the federal government , saying a nurse repeatedly put ice packs on his penis after surgery , causing frostbite and gangrene and ultimately leading to the organ 's partial amputation .
Michael D. Nash sued the federal government in U.S. District Court in Kentucky on Tuesday for what he calls medical malpractice .
Nash , 61 , went to the Veterans Administration hospital in Lexington in 2010 for a penile implant and circumcision . His attorneys said a nurse packed his groin in ice for 19 hours afterward , and 5 inches ( 127 millimeters ) of his penis later had to be amputated .
`` It basically caused frostbite on his penis , which eventually caused gangrene , '' attorney Larry Jones said . `` In addition to robbing someone of their manhood , they 've robbed him of the simple ability to urinate just like every other person who lives in this world . ''
Jones said Nash will require reconstructive surgery that will allow him to urinate .
A message left for the Veterans Administration was not immediately returned .
The Department of Veterans Affairs in July rejected a civil claim from Nash .
`` It is our opinion that there was no negligence on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs or any of its employees in connection with the claimed loss ; therefore your claim is denied , '' wrote Melinda Frick , a regional counsel for the VA .
Copyright 2012 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/Sl6EQ8
A WHEELCHAIR-bound grandmother who tried to smuggle drugs inside her vagina into Durham prison for two killers has been jailed .
June Brogden , whose grandsons Anthony Middleton and David Sowerby , are serving life sentences for murder , pleaded guilty but claimed she was the victim of an elaborate set-up .
However , Judge Christopher Prince said he `` had no hesitation in determining that the account you gave was untrue '' .
Brogden , 60 , from Hartlepool , smuggled 2.73g of Herbal Spice , a cannabis-type so called `` legal high '' - prohibited in prison - and 354mg of heroin substitute Subutex , a Class C controlled drug , into the prison , internally .
Ian West , prosecuting , said : `` On 12th February , 2015 , Mr Brogden was visiting her two grandsons , both serving life sentences in HMP Durham .
`` Mrs Brogden was searched by officers and found she had concealed in her vagina a small plastic covered item .
`` The leggings Mrs Brogden was wearing were found to have a small hole in the crotch area , thought to have been made purposely to conceal the package . ''
Middleton , then 21 , and his 24-year-old half-brother Sowerby , both of Hartlepool , are serving life sentences for the axe killing of Hartlepool boxer Mark Denton at a house party in the town on New Year 's Eve , 2013 .
Durham Crown Court heard that Brogden had been jailed for three years in 1997 for possession , with intent to supply , LSD . In that case she had also hidden the drugs in her vagina .
In mitigation , Louise Harrison said Brogden 's family , who care for her , provided much-needed constant emotional support , which they would not be able to do as much if she was jailed .
`` As you are aware this is a very poorly lady , '' she said .
Brogden had initially claimed she received a package from two men , who she believed to be associates of murder victim Mark Denton , who threatened to harm her grandsons if she did not smuggle the package into Durham . But the judge rejected her account .
Sentencing her via videolink from Durham Crown Court to the wheelchair-accessible Teesside Magistrates Court today ( Thursday , May 26 ) , Judge Christopher Prince said he had taken into account her health problems , which include a lung condition , reduced mobility and anxiety , and had ensured Low Newton Prison was able to accommodate her .
He said : `` Save in the most exceptional circumstances those who convey drugs into prison will receive custodial sentences .
`` It is important that those who do so receive punishment . It is important that those who consider doing so are deterred from so doing by the knowledge that the courts would send them to prison , .
`` Were I to allow you to forfeit an immediate custodial sentence that would not deter people of age and ill health conveying drugs into prisons . It also may encourage people to encourage those who are of an age or ill health to do so on their behalf . ''
The 20-year-old midfielder is rated among the most talented youngsters in Europe but financial troubles at Porto mean Nuno Espirito Santo 's former club are reportedly looking for a quick sale and it 's believed Wolves have jumped in with an opportunistic inquiry .
Whether they 'll be able to snare a player who earlier this month was being linked with Chelsea and Liverpool remains doubtful .
But sources have confirmed that Wolves ' interest – first reported on Portuguese TV station TVI24 on Friday evening – is genuine .
Despite their financial troubles it 's been suggested it would cost Wolves around £18million to prise Portuguese international Neves – whose agent is Jorge Mendes – from Porto and reunite him with Nuno .
Any deal approaching that figure would smash Wolves ' transfer record .
Neves , who has been compared to Paul Scholes , recently featured for Portugal at the European Under-21 Championship .
He has come through the youth ranks at Porto and made 92 appearances to date , scoring four goals .
Wolves have signed three players this summer – defenders Roderick Miranda , Phil Ofosu-Ayeh and Ryan Bennett – with a fourth , Scottish left back Barry Douglas , due to join early next week .
Sapodilla is a tropical fruit , which is commonly known as Chikoo ( also spelled as chiku ) , has a sweet caramel like taste and a sandy or grainy texture . The outer covering or the skin ( peel ) of the fruit is rusty brown in color . The inner juicy pulp is yellowish- brown in color . The tree grows 20 meters high and is long-lived . A very vast cultivation of sapodilla fruit ( Chikoo ) occurs in India and Philippines . Sapodilla fruit can be consumed whole or in the form of milkshakes , smoothies or it can be added to other sweet preparations .
Health benefits of Chikoo ( Sapodilla )
Nutritional Benefits
This fruit may look small in size , but it is extremely healthy and is packed with an array of vitamins , minerals and other healthy promoting compounds .
Research has shown that sapodilla fruit is a rich source of ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) , vitamin A , thiamine ( vitamin B1 ) , riboflavin ( vitamin B2 ) , and pantothenic acid ( vitamin B5 ) . It is a rich source of dietary fiber and contains minerals such as calcium , phosphorus , iron , magnesium and potassium . Besides vitamin and minerals , Chikoo fruit also contains health-promoting compounds such as Isoflavones , flavonoids , polyphenols and Phytosterols . The presence of these nutrients in sapodilla fruit helps to reduce cholesterol level in the body , fights oxidative stress and protects against heart disease . ( 1 )
Rich in Antioxidants
Increased oxidative stress in the body gives rise to a number of diseases and disorders such as cardiovascular disease , cancer , arthritis , cataracts , ageing , and hyperglycemia and so on . In order to prevent the onset of oxidative stress , it is important to supply a huge amount of antioxidants to the body through diet .
Studies have shown that sapodilla fruit is very rich in antioxidants and the pulp of the fruit possesses a very strong scavenging effect . Furthermore , the peel of sapodilla fruit also possesses antioxidant properties . In addition to this , research has also shown that among all the tropical fruits , Chikoo fruit has the highest antioxidant capacity . It was further found that sapodilla fruit contains 24 different antioxidants . ( 2 )
Abundant Source of Dietary Fiber
Research has shown that among all the tropical fruits and vegetables , sapodilla fruit is very rich in dietary fiber . It was further found that sapodilla fruit contains significant amount of lignin and cellulose . These two components are indigestible part of plant that escapes digestion in the small intestine . Thus , they provide satiety or a feeling of fullness .
In addition to this , sapodilla fruit can be beneficial for individuals with constipation or irregular bowel movements . The dietary fiber present in sapodilla fruit has water-holding capacity that provides bulk and volume to the stools , reduces pressure and helps in passing stool easily . ( 3 )
Rich in Polyphenols
Polyphenols are chemicals that are found in plants sources such as fruits and vegetables . These polyphenols are extremely beneficial as they fight free radicals and provide protection to the cells and the entire body .
Research published in 2003 observed that sapodilla fruit contains 10 different Polyphenolic antioxidant compounds . Some of these Polyphenolic compounds have also shown to play a protective role against colon cancer in humans . ( 4 )
Powerful Anti-Arthritic Agent
Rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . Pain , swelling , tenderness , redness , stiffness and reduced flexibility are some of the common symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis . If rheumatoid arthritis is not treated on time , it may further lead to irreversible loss .
Research published in 2011 has found that sapodilla fruit prevents damage , reduces inflammation and plays a protective role against rheumatoid arthritis . Thus , in future , it can be used as a powerful anti-arthritic agent . ( 5 )
Hypolipidemic Effect of Sapodilla Fruit
A recent research has found that sapodilla fruit helps to lower cholesterol levels . Antioxidants and polyphenols present in Chikoo fruit such as GALLIC ACID , CATECHIN , and EPICATECHIN help in inhibiting an enzyme called pancreatic cholesterol esterase . Inhibition of such an enzyme helps to lower the cholesterol levels . In addition to this , studies have also shown that sapodilla fruit contains ‘ Phytosterols ' . Phytosterols are plant sterols that are similar to cholesterol , which occurs in plants . These Phytosterols help in lowering LDL ( unhealthy ) cholesterol as well as total cholesterol . Thus , sapodilla fruit helps in maintaining a healthy lipid profile .
Heart Protective Properties of Sapodilla Fruit
A recent study has observed that sapodilla fruit contains a natural compound called ‘ Quercetin ' . Quercetin is associated with reduced risk of death from heart disease and it further decreases the incidence of stroke . It is a very well known fact that high levels of cholesterol are a risk factor for heart disease . As mentioned earlier , Chikoo fruit also helps in reducing the level of cholesterol in the body . Another compound named MYRICETIN present in sapodilla fruit strongly inhibits low-density lipoprotein oxidation . Such an inhibition further reduces the risk of heart disease ( atherosclerosis ) . Thus , individuals can protect their heart and keep it healthy by consuming sapodilla fruit regularly .
Sapodilla Fruit may Promote Weight Loss
Being obese and overweight increases the risk of various diseases . Maintaining a normal body weight helps to reduce the risk of a number of diseases associated with obesity . Therefore , individuals who are overweight or obese should lose weight with the help of proper diet and exercise . Leptin is a ‘ satiety hormone ' that passes signals to the brain to stop eating , in other words it gives an indication of satiety . Research has found that individuals who are overweight or obese contain high levels of leptin in the blood , that is , they are leptin resistant . However , leptin is present in large amount it fails to perform its job properly . Thus , obese individuals tend to overeat .
Research has found that consuming sapodilla fruit helps to reduce leptin resistance . In addition to this , Chikoo fruit helps to reduce storage of triglycerides in the fat cells . Furthermore , as this fruit contains high amount of dietary fiber , it provides satiety ( feeling of fullness ) . Thus , sapodilla fruit can be included as a part of calorie restricted diet for weight loss .
Yes , I 'm talking about rubbing and twisting that cottony Q-Tip tip right on up inside your ear canal . Yeah , get it deep in there , where it does n't belong , because it 's like an amazing , satisfying inner-ear massage .
Also , the more dark , waxy , and disgusting the Q-Tip is when you 're done , the more satisfying it is , am I right ? Because then on top of the inner-ear massage you get a killer “ Whoa , that just came out of me… ” high , too . For those keeping track at home , that 's two highs for the price of one . Not a bad deal !
Now , I know what you 're thinking : How could I possibly advocate doing something so terribly dangerous like pushing a hard , pointy object up against your fragile ear drum ? I mean , the box itself says right on it “ Do not insert swab into ear canal . Entering the ear canal could cause injury. ” Plus , the Q-Tips website does n't even mention sticking them in your ears . And neither do the pictures on the back of the box ! No , all they talk about is how Q-Tips are great for applying makeup , cleaning your camera lens , painting with your kids , and , uh… dog .
Seriously , could someone figure out why the dog 's on there ? If you could , that 'd be pretty…
informative .
In conclusion , you need to be careful when you 're scraping your ear out . But that does n't mean you ca n't have some fun while you 're at it .
AWESOME !
Photo from : here
Share :
Tom Cruise and Jake Johnson in The Mummy .
The Mummy does not exist to push the boundaries of cinema . This middling reboot exists because Universal hastily tried to assemble its own cinematic universe , because Tom Cruise had a window in his schedule , and because no money-making franchise can lie fallow for too long . ( It used to be novel that the mummy could come back to life , but these days , most franchises seem just as deathless . ) Delivered with all the visual panache of someone saying , “ Here , I guess ? ” The Mummy clunks along , leaving its stars looking vaguely embarrassed , until it finally … just … stops . To hope that this wan flop will launch an interconnected universe of successful blockbusters is the most dramatic case of ambition outstripping talent since Sheree from Real Housewives included “ win an Oscar ” in her ten-year plan . It just ai n't happening .
However , there is one moment in The Mummy where this whole boring enterprise rises fleetingly to the level of “ so bad it 's good , ” something so silly that it 's bound to be the only thing I ever remember from this whole misbegotten mishegoss . It 's the line , “ Thanks for bringing me back from the dead , dude. ” And to say more will involve SPOILERS .
Aside from Cruise , Russell Crowe , and a hairstyle played by British actress Annabelle Wallis , none of the characters in The Mummy live for very long . Emmy-winning super talent Courtney B. Vance is killed right away , comic relief Jake Johnson perishes not long after the mummy is dug up , and almost anyone else who appears onscreen is just cannon fodder for assorted monsters . Despite his early death , though , Johnson defies the odds and keeps appearing throughout the film .
You see , the mummy has managed to get inside Cruise 's head , periodically sending him important supernatural messages like , “ The plot needs you to go here now. ” Often , those dream trips take the form of Johnson , who 'll appear in visions to his former friend , coaxing him this way and that . ( For someone who 's built his career on decisive , ultracommitted characters , Cruise is curiously passive in this film . ) Anyway , it is what it is until the last act of the movie , where Cruise defeats the bad mummy by taking on magical mummy powers himself . He uses them to resurrect his drowned love interest and then , in the film 's final coda , we see Cruise and Johnson riding across the desert … only this time , Johnson is n't just a vision . “ Thanks for bringing me back from the dead , dude , ” Johnson says helpfully .
When the line comes , the viewer 's patience has already been tested by two hours of slapdash meaninglessness . “ Thanks for bringing me back from the dead , dude , ” is just the final straw , one of the last expositional lines in a movie where everybody speaks in catch-up . It 's the kind of thing you script for a character when you just do n't care anymore , when Tom Cruise is like , “ Would n't it be funny to have Jake in the sequel , ” and you 're like , “ Sure , whatever , I have a massage at 4 . ”
Part of me wants to clap at “ Thanks for bringing me back from the dead , dude , ” just for being so brazen . Imagine if The Empire Strikes Back ended with Han Solo waddling into that iconic final shot , murmuring , “ Hey , Luke , thanks for rescuing me offscreen. ” There should n't even be a corpse around for Cruise to resurrect , since Johnson 's body was likely blown to smithereens in a plane crash , but the film is betting that you do n't care about that , just like you probably have n't cared about anything else they 've shown you . It 's a blatant but still insufficient hand wave : “ Just accept it . New Girl is back . ”
But , boy , is that cynical . This nascent franchise is asking us to invest in these characters and their dramatic stakes , but nothing means much if those people are paper thin and the laws of life and death do n't apply to them , just as it barely matters if Cruise becomes a mummy if all it does it grant him X-Men superpowers he uses offscreen . In that way , “ Thanks for bringing me back from the dead , dude ” is sort of emblematic of the movie as a whole , treating this thing that ought to be a big deal with a half-considered shrug . If that 's what this monsters universe has got in store for us after The Mummy , do n't expect a long afterlife .
Recently in The Times , Richard Morrison discussed , “ The musicians silenced in the carnage of the Great War , ” this being the centennial year of World War I. Morrison explored the war 's , “ cataclysmic effect on the musical world , ” and how “ it left an indelible mark on musical composition—partly because almost a whole generation of brilliant young composers were killed , and partly because those that survived were changed for ever. ” Morrison ends on a poignant note :
“ As with so many of that horribly ill-fated generation , you wonder what might have been—had mankind not slaughtered so many of its brightest and best . ”
This sentiment can be extended beyond music to all fields of human endeavor . Every life is precious for its own sake , but we can only have a full accounting of the costs of war if we also reflect upon the squandered potential of its victims .
Of course we can never know exactly what was lost to civilization in a war , but one way of getting an idea is to consider what we almost lost .
For example , World War I might have easily cost us most of the contributions of Ludwig von Mises , the greatest economist , and one of the greatest champions of liberty , who ever lived . In his wonderful biography of Mises , Guido Hülsmann wrote of how much danger Mises was in as an artillery officer on Austria-Hungary 's Northern Front :
“ Artillery was not only the main agent of destruction , but also one of its prime targets . Mises 's battery constantly had to change position , often under fire . Heavy rainfall set in , hampered their movements , and proved that k.u.k . uniforms were not waterproof . ”
As I have written in my biographical essay about Mises , this was an incredibly close call for humanity :
“ One of history 's greatest geniuses was a single air burst away from having his career nipped in the bud .
How tragic that would have been ! Mises had not yet even written his great 1920 essay Economic Calculation in the Socialist Commonwealth , which contained the single most powerful argument against central planning that had ever been formulated . ”
Neither had he yet elaborated the true , praxeological foundation of sound economics ( which he would accomplish in the 1930s ) or reconstructed on that foundation the entire edifice of economics as a rigorous , systematic , and complete science of the market ( which he would accomplish in the 1940s ) . Imagine how subsequent Austrian economists would have had to grope in the dark had he never made those discoveries . There would have been no Socialism : An Economic and Sociological Analysis , a book that forever changed the life and career of Friedrich Hayek ( who also might have died in the World War I ) , and no Human Action , a book that forever changed the life and career of Murray Rothbard .
Mises himself was almost a tragic example of a phenomenon he would do so much to illuminate : the state 's calamitous misallocation of resources . In all their wisdom , the planners in Vienna decided that the mind that had already formulated the Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle and would soon discover the Socialist Calculation Problem was best employed figuring out how to effectively blow up Russians , and that the hand that would later pen Human Action might just as well instead lie cold and dead somewhere in the Carpathian Mountains .
Another such near-tragic misallocation , one made on the other side of the same war , was that of J.R.R . Tolkien , who would later author the beloved epic The Lord of the Rings . The lore of Middle-earth , still germinating in Tolkien 's imagination—a narrative world that would mold an entire genre and bring joy to millions of readers and movie-goers—might have been snuffed out unwritten in the Battle of the Somme .
Luckily , Mises and Tolkien survived the awful war . But what of those who did not ? How many Miseses and Tolkiens laid dead in the trenches ? How much bourgeoning genius was nipped in the bud ?
Again , we can never know the answer to this question , but we can get an even better idea by also reflecting on the war casualty rates in the circles of these great men .
Hülsmann wrote wistfully of the pre-War intellectual ferment at Mises 's University of Vienna , and of its tragic end ( emphasis added ) .
“ What glorious days when one could study under Böhm-Bawerk , Wieser , Philippovich , and Mises ! But these days were numbered . The all-star Austrian faculty lasted only three semesters . In August 1914 , Böhm-Bawerk died and Mises was sent to the front . His best students perished in the war . ”
And before the War , Tolkien had enjoyed a deep and inspiring camaraderie as one of four friends in a tight literary circle called the Tea Club Barrovian Society ( T.C.B.S. ) . As John Garth wrote earlier this year in The Daily Beast :
“ They dreamed of making art that would create a better world , and for Tolkien a T.C.B.S . gathering in December that year was followed by ‘ finding a voice for all kinds of pent up things and a tremendous opening up of everything ' ? — ? the beginning of Middle-earth . ”
But the dreams and lives of this circle were to be almost entirely devoured by the nightmare of the Great War . On July 15 , 1916 , T.C.B.S . member Geoffrey Smith wrote to Tolkien of the death of another member , Robert Gilson :
My dear John Ronald ,
I saw in the paper this morning that Rob has been killed . I am safe but what does that matter ? Do please stick to me , you and Christopher . I am very tired and most frightfully depressed at this worst news . Now one realises in despair what the T.C.B.S . really was .
O my dear John Ronald what ever are we going to do ?
Yours ever .
G. B. S .
Five months later , Smith too was killed . Just before setting off for his fatal mission , Smith wrote Tolkien one last letter that is truly heart-rending :
My chief consolation is that if I am scuppered tonight—I am off on duty in a few minutes—there will still be left a member of the great T.C.B.S . to voice what I dreamed and what we all agreed upon . For the death of one of its members can not , I am determined , dissolve the T.C.B.S . Death can make us loathsome and helpless as individuals , but it can not put an end to the immortal four ! A discovery I am going to communicate to Rob before I go off tonight . And do you write it also to Christopher . May God bless you my dear John Ronald and may you say things I have tried to say long after I am not there to say them if such be my lot .
Yours ever ,
G. B. S .
Fortunately for us , John Ronald did get to say those things . But what did Geoffrey never get to say ? We will never know , but surely it would have been something splendid and profound , given the greatness of soul evinced in these letters and that he must have had to be so inspiring to Tolkien . And what did Mises 's “ best students ” never get to say about markets and human society ?
Perhaps Tolkien himself said it best , when he wrote :
“ The utter stupid waste of war not only material but moral and spiritual , is so staggering to those who have to endure it . ”
Here we are , a century later , and the Washington-driven western hegemony that emerged from the World Wars is afflicted with the same imperialistic hubris and entangled in the same kind of “ collective security ” tripwires that detonated the conflagration that almost consumed Mises and Tolkien , and that did consume Mises 's best students and Tolkien 's best colleagues . President Barack Obama has not only just relaunched the very war in Iraq that he was elected to get us out of ( much as Woodrow Wilson dragged us into World War I after winning re-election with the slogan “ He kept us out of war ” ) , but , unbelievably , has embroiled us in a proxy war with nuclear Russia . Just the other day , a member of the Ukrainian junta serving as Washington 's proxy darkly insisted that yet another “ great war has arrived at our doorstep , ” in which “ tens of thousands ” could die . And the neocons ( like Victoria Nuland , who started the whole mess ) , “ humanitarian ” interventionists ( like Susan Rice ) , and bumblers ( like John Kerry ) guiding Obama 's foreign policy seem to be doing everything they can to realize that unthinkable outcome : cheered on , of course , by the war drum beaters in the media .
How much unrealized genius already lies under the rubble in Donetsk , or in other urban centers demolished by American-supplied weapons like Gaza and Aleppo ? How many dancers , doctors , and dreamers will never come to be ? And how many times over will that number grow if we do n't finally stand up to the warmongers and warmakers before it 's too late : before world conflict once again spins completely out of control as it did a hundred years ago ?
Also published at DanSanchez.me and Medium.com .
The Ranjit Sinha visitors ' diary case is turning out to be a top-of-the-rack detective thriller . Mr Sinha , the CBI director , has not only questioned the existence of the visitors ' logbook but also claimed that 90 % of the entries were fudged and some were made even when he was away .
Mr Sinha submitted his affidavit after the Supreme Court asked him to file a response to the application filed by the Centre for Public Interest and Litigation ( CPIL ) , an NGO , which had asked the court to remove him from supervising the 2G spectrum probe following allegations that he met several executives from companies under investigation in the case . The SC also asked the NGO to furnish the name ( s ) of the whistleblower ( s ) who leaked the vital information . But lawyer Prashant Bhushan , who appeared on behalf of the NGO , refused to do so , saying naming the person could endanger many lives .
The case is a critical one , and as we had mentioned earlier in this space , the CBI director must come clean . As for Mr Bhushan 's stand , while it is strange that he is refusing to divulge names even to the apex court , one can understand his predicament : Leaks do happen despite the best measures and if that happens , they will jeopardise the lives of many . Remember what happened to National Highways Authority of India engineer Satyendra Dubey ? He was murdered after he wrote a letter to Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee 's office detailing corruption in the construction of highways . In his letter , he had requested that his identity be kept secret and yet the letter was sent out to various government departments without masking Dubey 's identity .
India now has a Whistleblowers Protection Act , yet it would not be wrong to say that their safety can never be guaranteed . This is because the rules required to implement the law are yet to be framed , rendering the provisions useless . If there is one lesson in the Sinha case , it is this : Passing a law is not enough ; implementing it without delay is key . If the provisions had been in place and everyone was confident about the strength of the ‘ shield ' , Mr Bhushan would probably not have dithered to give out the names of the brave whistleblowers .
First Published : Sep 21 , 2014 22:42 IST
Do n't get your hopes too high quite yet , pot puffers .
Despite the release of a highly favorable poll today , one of the sponsors of a plan to legalize the recreational use of marijuana in Illinois says she wo n't press for a vote on the measure until at least next year .
`` Our members need some time to get more comfortable with this , '' said state Sen. Heather Steans , who last week along with Rep. Kelly Cassidy introduced legislation to allow those of at least 21 years of age to grow or buy up to an ounce of marijuana without legal sanction .
`` ( But ) this will help , '' Steans said . `` Public sentiment has been moving pretty fast . ''
Steans was reacting to a survey by the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University that found a stunning two-thirds of voters saying they support the legalization of pot `` if taxed and regulated like alcohol . ''
An even greater 74 percent urge a smaller step : decriminalization , in which someone found in possession of a small amount of the substance for personal use would be subject only to a fine , not jail .
Support for full legalization was wide across the state and among political subdivisions . While such backing was strongest among Democrats , young people and Chicagoans , the plan gets support from 52 percent of Republicans surveyed , 54 percent of downstaters and 51 percent of those 66 and older , the institute said .
Just 31 percent of voters overall indicated they oppose or strongly oppose such an action .
Steans and Cassidy , both Chicago Democrats , said the measure would pull in $ 350 million to $ 700 million a year for the strapped treasury if marijuana were taxed at $ 50 an ounce . Under their legislation , proceeds would be split between the general fund and education/public health .
Steans said she expects subject matter-only hearings to be held later this spring in both chambers . And while sponsors will consider accelerating their timetable , social questions such as this generally need some time , Steans said , pointing to years of intense debate before the state legalized same-sex marriage .
The poll was conducted by phone March 4 to 11 and has an error margin of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points .
AS PART OF our 2017 hurling coverage , we 're once again calling upon the expertise of Tipperary 's 2001 All-Ireland winning captain and former team coach Tommy Dunne .
Tommy is back with The42 for the summer and he starts today by taking a closer look at how Galway dismantled Tipperary in yesterday 's Allianz Hurling League final at the Gaelic Grounds .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Overview
Yesterday 's League final provided confirmation , if any were needed , that Galway are genuine All-Ireland contenders .
Their credentials are very solid and they delivered a very strong statement at the Gaelic Grounds .
The stand-out feature of the match , for me , was Galway 's defence , the way they went about defending and the intensity of it .
It was one of the most significant factors in the game , they completely demolished the Tipperary forward unit , and were able to launch their attacking game from that defensive platform .
Galway 's main tactic focused on ensuring that the Tipperary forwards were going to be completely outmuscled .
Tipp were n't able to pinpoint any diagonal balls to their forwards and could n't get any offloads going either , as they were getting hit from all angles .
Tipp were non-existent in the aerial stakes and it took 15 minutes for them to register a point from play .
Galway bossed the game from start to finish and with 16 minutes on the watch , Steven O'Brien , Dan McCormack and John ‘ Bubbles ' O'Dwyer had n't hit a ball from open play .
That statistic alone tells you all you need to know about Galway 's dominance .
Setting the tone
Right from the start , Galway were to the pitch of the game and as early as the fourth minute , Cathal Barrett was dispossessed , leading to a Conor Whelan point .
In the first picture , Barrett wins a good possession ahead of the Galway man .
Whelan does n't give up , however and follows Barrett as the Tipp defender tries to clear the ball .
The cavalry arrive and it 's Joseph Cooney ( 12 ) putting the heat on Barrett now .
Barrett loses possession and Whelan ( red helmet ) is well placed to profit .
He emerges from the ruck with ball in hand , and scoots away to score the point .
This early turnover would have provided huge encouragement for Galway and , at the other end , there was a distinct refusal to cough up a goal chance .
In the first picture , Tipperary 's John McGrath find himself in a promising one-on-one situation with Adrian Tuohy , but Daithi Burke ( purple circle ) is alive to the danger and is already moving across on the cover .
Burke is happy to challenge McGrath from behind , conceding a free .
In Burke 's mind , there was no way that McGrath was going to score a goal off that chance .
There were other moments where Galway signalled their early intent , as Niall Burke careered late into Pádraic Maher :
And Daithi Burke 's ( 3 ) challenge on Noel McGrath sent the Tipperary man out over the sideline :
You 'll remember the couple of heavy tackles that Tipperary men put in on Galway in last year 's All-Ireland semi-final but this time , it was the Tribesmen setting the terms of engagement and laying down the markers .
Galway had the upper hand in the physical stakes from the word go , forcing three turnovers from Tipperary backs inside the opening nine minutes , two off Cathal Barrett and one off Ronan Maher . This was the Galway template .
Dropping deep
Another interesting feature of the game was Galway 's tactics on Tipp 's puckouts .
They were definitely dropping deep and this was a clear instruction from manager Micheál Donoghue .
I attended the game in Limerick and watching it back last night , I noticed Donoghue in the 47th minute of the game , clearly audible as he urges his players to drop back as Darren Gleeson prepares to take a Tipp puck-out .
In the three pictures below , he 's shouting ‘ back , back ' , while also pointing to his players to get into position .
As a result , Tipp went short with puckouts to their full-backs , as Darren Gleeson hit Cathal Barrett and James Barry .
But that did n't really suit Tipp , having to build from there . They did n't have Seamus Callanan as a target man on the edge of the square and as ball winners in this regard , ‘ Bubbles ' and John McGrath did n't fulfil that role on this occasion .
Up front , Tipp did n't compete and gain any sort of advantage in the air and on the ground . Galway had all of the individual duels pretty much wrapped up .
Tipperary goal chances few and far between
Tipp had been scoring plenty of goals prior to this , 16 to date in the competition before yesterday 's League final .
But there were very few occasions where Tipperary forwards got the opportunity to run at Galway 's backs .
One of the first ones was when ‘ Bonner ' Maher came in , and in the first picture , he grabs possession .
To offload is good to Niall O'Meara , who has the chance to run towards the Galway goal .
O'Meara looks inside and tries to pick out Dan McCormack ( circled ) , who 's made a good run through the centre .
But McCormack mishandles , the ball falls to the ground and Galway can clear their lines .
It was the only smell of a goal chance that Tipp had on the day . That 's encouraging for Galway because they were caught by two late Tipp goals in last year 's All-Ireland semi-final and in 2015 , Seamus Callanan did untold damage to them from full-forward .
There was no question , however , that Galway 's motivation to win this League final was greater than Tipp 's , having lost that All-Ireland semi-final last year .
It was very evident from early on that they were n't going to lose another big game and they absolutely annihilated Tipp , as much as anything else .
They know they have the measure of this Tipp forward line now , plus pace and ability on the ground and in the air to compete with them . Galway 's physicality up front caused Tipp so much trouble and Michael Ryan 's men did n't have any answers on this occasion .
Pick a pocket of space , or two
Because Galway were so much on top in the backs , they were able to hit balls long and short .
In the space of a minute , we saw Cathal Mannion hit two bad wides but the big concern for Tipperary was the amount of space between the Galway forward and his marker , captain Pádraic Maher .
Here 's the first one :
And here 's the second example :
That 's far too loose from a Tipperary perspective and on both occasions , Mannion had plenty of time before lining up his shots . He could have had two points from those efforts but two wides represented a poor return .
The fact , however , that Galway were able to pick out Mannion with so much room in which to operate was just another example of a team utterly in charge of the game .
Jason Flynn received the man-of-the-match award but Conor Whelan was Galway 's best forward in the first half .
Again , his ability to influence the game stemmed from how much Galway were on top in their back line .
In the 31st minute , Conor Whelan 's point confirmed Galway 's dominance but preceding that point , two passages of play occurred .
It started with a Darren Gleeson puck-out for Tipperary , which Galway won .
Pádraic Maher , here , wins the ball and prepares to clear it back up the field .
Yet again , Galway is in control , and they have the chance to launch the ball forward .
It 's an excellent ball for Whelan ( circled , below ) , who claims a clean possession and races away for a point .
Tipp 's forwards had two deliveries in that phase of play but on both occasions , they failed to win possession , and it ended up with a Whelan score .
Again , another prime example of how that defensive solidity and ability to win ‘ dirty ball ' allowed Galway to launch successful attacks .
I had a look at the second half but the pattern of the game remained very much the same all the way through .
Conor Whelan had the upper hand on Barrett , and Flynn on Mickey Cahill . Flynn 's finishing was n't good early on but he did take his two goals very well .
Brendan Maher , Michael Breen and Noel McGrath tried hard but for Tipperary , it was n't enough .
Conclusion
Some might argue that it 's a good thing for Tipperary to have some flaws exposed but it 's never a good to get beaten by so much .
Galway were always big contenders to me so I 'm not surprised , necessarily , that they can play as well as this .
It was as good a display as I 've seen from them in a few years and I 'd suggest that they 're capable of maintaining that level of performance .
It 's some fillip of confidence for them as they look ahead for the rest of the year and make no mistake , they 'll be knocking on September 's door if they keep everyone fit and healthy .
There 's a really strong spine in this team and they 've made some key adjustments , particularly Adrian Tuohy at two and Gearoid McInerney at six , who had a ferocious game .
Padraig Mannion at five and Aidan Harte at seven are boys with pace and power and their midfield pairing of David Burke and Johnny Coen looks very settled and dynamic .
They also have Joe Canning , who you can play anywhere , but he will be a real fulcrum at number 11 .
I 've picked out just one of many examples to illustrate how Joe 's licence to roam can hurt the opposition .
It 's Galway 's first score of the game as Joe gets on the ball out around midfield and prepares to play a lovely pass to Aidan Harte ( 7 ) .
Harte then breaks through two Tipperary tacklers :
Harte now has the time and space he needs to fire over the point :
Joe will be the real fulrcum for Galway at number 11 and then you have Whelan and Flynn , who have pace that will trouble opponents if they get enough quality supply .
Galway has the raw materials , no doubt , but when it comes to the nitty gritty , they 'll need to be a lot more efficient in their creation-conversion ratio , and you can refer to the two Cathal Mannion examples above for concrete evidence of this .
I do n't think they 've necessarily shown their hand too early , either .
Why would n't you want to win a League final playing like that ? Galway clearly wanted this and they went and did it with real conviction , marking themselves out as a team that will take some beating .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
© RIA Novosti
Despite attempts by the Washington administration to impose anti-Russian views on ordinary people in the US , the American nation is not the enemy of Russia , says Maria Zakharova , the Foreign Ministry 's official representative.In a recent interview with popular Russian daily Komsomolskaya Pravda , Zakharova said that in her opinion the United States as a nation was not hostile to Russia . `` Reporters also asked Zakharova to comment on Barak Obama 's statement that the Russian economy was in tatters , made in the State of the Union Address in January this year . '' Zakharova answered . `` This is the first time I 've ever seen something like this in the history of modern diplomacy , '' she added.Russian officials have already commented on Obama 's controversial statement about the dire state of the Russian economy . In January , Russia 's deputy PM in charge of the weapons industry called the US president ' a dreamer ' in a Twitter post , hinting that the effectiveness of the anti-Russian sanctions was much lower than the policy 's initiators had hoped for.He added that he did n't think it a coincidence Obama made this statement at a historical moment , when Russia has found its place in the global political and economic system , understood its interests and learned to defend them.Maria Zakharova was appointed director of the Russian Foreign Ministry 's Information and Press department in early August this year and became the first woman in history to assume the post .
Twitter reacts to Trump 's wild press conference
Twitter reacts to President Trump 's press conference on Feb. 16 , 2017 . Twitter reacts to President Trump 's press conference on Feb. 16 , 2017 . Photo : Screenshot Via Twitter Photo : Screenshot Via Twitter Image 1 of / 34 Caption Close Twitter reacts to Trump 's wild press conference 1 / 34 Back to Gallery
President Donald Trump 's press conference Thursday morning was planned to announce his new pick for secretary of labor . But that 's certainly not what anyone is talking after Trump took us along for an hour-long wild ride .
The president covered a wide range of topics and made quite a few controversial statements . One of the most talked about moments came when a Jewish reporter asked Trump about a recent increase in anti-Semitic behavior . Watch how the president reacted in the video below .
Social media erupted with shock , criticism , and some support . Click through the slideshow above to read some reaction on Twitter .
Less than 24 hours after Gawker.com was killed by billionaire Peter Thiel 's legal crusade against it , another billionaire couple – Donald and Melania Trump – is already using the same law firm Thiel did to threaten more media organizations into silence . And this time , it could have a direct effect on the presidential election .
The Guardian reported late on Monday night that Melania Trump 's lawyers have sent threatening letters and are considering filing lawsuits against a variety of media organizations – including the Daily Mail , Politico and the Week – for reporting on rumors of Melania Trump 's past , including her alleged immigration status when she came to the United States .
We were sometimes bullies at Gawker – but we held the powerful to account | Joshua David Stein Read more
This is the quintessential example of the disturbing precedent Peter Thiel has just set by creating a blueprint for billionaires to destroy news organizations they do not like . He has shown that all they need is a little persistence . And in a media landscape that is increasingly dominated by the rich and powerful , that should give even Gawker 's most ardent critics pause .
We know Donald Trump and others have gone down this path before . Trump has openly bragged about the fact that he sued a former New York Times reporter in the early aughts for the purpose of trying to hit the reporter involved financially . Trump did lose that lawsuit , but not until after litigation that undoubtedly cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees for the winning party .
And if you think the Trumps are litigious now , just wait until after November . Peter Scheer , director of the First Amendment coalition , explained the consequences of the Gawker case succinctly :
Say five years from now , if Trump loses and people are writing critical postmortems , will they have to worry that Trump will turn around and sue them ? Because of the Gawker trial , I fear that many journalists will wonder , “ Could that happen to me , even in writing about Trump ? ” They will be censoring themselves . That is the worst outcome here , and it 's quite likely .
But Trump is not the only culprit . In yet another ominous example , Mother Jones , the liberal nonprofit magazine known for its investigative journalism , spent millions of dollars in legal fees when another billionaire , Frank VanderSloot , sued the company and its reporters over a critical story and some tweets from its editors . Mother Jones won the case last year , relatively early in the process , but still faced an existential financial crisis because of the enormous legal costs associated with the lawsuit . VanderSloot then announced a million-dollar fund to be used for suing Mother Jones and additional members of the “ liberal press ” in other cases .
Even in the Hulk Hogan case , though many people rightly found the story and sex tape offensive and argued it should n't have been published to begin with , a federal judge and an appeals court panel both ruled Gawker was protected by the first amendment before the trial , and they were prevented from having an appeals court rule on the judgment before they filed for bankruptcy .
But we should n't forget that Gawker was not just getting sued over the Hulk Hogan sex tape case . They were the recipient of a half-dozen other lawsuits or legal threats involving many stories of an investigative or critical nature that virtually any first-year law student could tell you are clearly protected by the first amendment .
In the end , even if you think Gawker deserved punishment , media organizations should not face the financial death penalty for a mistake , even a deplorable and egregious one . After all , there is probably one billionaire or another who hates pretty much every news organization in the world worth their salt . If they all decide to go down the path Thiel took , how many publications will be left when they 're done ?
Description
If you use them , you do n't have to solder switches or in-switch LEDs .
Also you can swap your switches easily without desoldering switches whenever you want . It is quite easy to install holtites to a PCB .
Holtite Model for Switch : 8134-HC-8P3
Holtite Model for In-Switch LED : 8134-HC-5P3
A switch requires 2 holtites ( 8134-HC-8P3 )
A In-switch LED requires 2 holtites ( 8134-HC-5P3 )
Model B.87 EX B.Mini EX B.87 B.Mini B.face B.pad Holtite Quantity 216~220 210~214 174~178 168~172 120~128 42~48
[ How to Install ]
You need a pressor with a flat end ( Sorry we do n't offer it )
Do n't use soldering iron which could hurt your PCB
By using a hard stuff with a hole like pop-nut as a support , press heads of holtites with a tool with flat end .
( Follow the pictures below )
( 1 ) Enter the holtites into the holes
( 2 ) Support holtite with hard material ( In the pic , I used a pop-nut ) .
( 3 ) Push the head of holtite with a flat-ended tool until its head becomes flat .
( 4 ) The distance between head and PCB should be shorter than 0.5 mm .
( 5 ) Install your switches and in-switch LEDs
Overview
Inside the Headset
Once you put on the Vive headset , you re immersed in a world full of surprises . Walk around freely and explore everything the Chaperone guidance system keeps you safely within the bounds of your play area . Stunning graphics make it feel so real and surreal simultaneously .
Complete Control
HD haptic feedback and intuitive gestures mean playing games and interacting with the virtual world comes naturally . Vive 's two wireless controllers feature 24 sensors for unobstructed movement , meaning you can do more in VR than ever before .
Base Station Salvation
You get 360 ? motion tracking with Vive thanks to breakthrough base station technology that helps the headset and controllers track their exact location in space . Freely explore and interact with the virtual world . Room-scale VR puts you at the center of everything .
Key Features
Main
Powered by Steam VR , including SteamVR Tracking 1.0 technology and Chaperone guidance system .
Two wireless motion-tracked controllers , two wirelessly synced base stations , and a headset with front-facing camera , built-in mic , 3.5mm headphone jack and USB 2.0 port .
Usage
Room-scale , standing or seated , supporting movement within a diagonal area of up to 5 m ( for example 3.5m x 3.5m ) .
Display
2160 x 1200 resolution ( 1080 x 1200 per eye )
Low persistence , global illumination , AMOLED 90 Hz displays
Controllers
Built-in , rechargeable 960mAh lithium-ion battery
Fit
Compatible with most standard glasses . Comes with two face cushion options and adjustable strap . Adjustable IPD and eye relief distances .
Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo leaves at the end of an European Council in Brussels | Thierry Charlier/AFP via Getty Images European Parliament to push for tougher action on Poland MEPs hopes to spur the Commission to crack down on Warsaw .
Poland should face the next level of scrutiny from the European Commission in its probe of the country 's rule of law , according to a draft motion seen by POLITICO that is being readied for debate in the European Parliament on Wednesday .
The resolution , prepared by the European People 's Party and the Socialists and backed by the Liberals and Greens , warns that the Polish government should end the fight over the country 's Constitutional Tribunal in line with recent recommendations from the Venice Commission , the legal body of the Council of Europe .
If the right-wing government in Warsaw does n't comply , then the Commission should move to the second stage of the rule of law procedure which `` shall clarify whether there is a systemic threat to the democratic values and the rule of law in Poland , '' the draft resolution states .
Under a second stage procedure , the Commission would `` recommend that the Member State solves the problems identified within a fixed time limit . ''
If that fails , it could trigger a third level where the Commission monitors the member 's country 's follow-up . The final step is so-called Article 7 . That would see Poland — the EU 's sixth largest member — have its voting rights suspended . However , such an outcome is unlikely as Hungary , which has also come under fire from Brussels over governance issues , has insisted it would never agree to penalize Warsaw . Such a decision must be unanimous .
The Polish government faces growing international pressure for changes instituted since it took power in late October . The most sensitive battle has been over the country 's top constitutional court . The new government ignored three justices elected by the previous parliament and chose its own replacements for the 15-judge panel — all of whom were swiftly sworn in by President Andrzej Duda .
The government also pushed through deep changes to the functioning of the tribunal , new rules that the tribunal itself last month found were unconstitutional . The government has refused to accept that decision and is refusing the publishing the tribunal 's verdict , the normal final step in making a ruling binding .
The dispute has prompted large anti-government demonstrations in Poland and strained relations with allies in Brussels and Washington . The foreign minister invited in the Venice Commission to examine the dispute , but its report put the bulk of the blame for the situation on the government and warned that hobbling the tribunal presents a danger to “ not only the rule of law , but also the functioning of the democratic system . ”
The Commission has also become involved , in January launching an unprecedented three-step “ rule of law ” probe into the Polish government 's actions .
However , the politics of waging a campaign against Poland has prompted caution from the Commission . When he was in Warsaw last week , Commission Vice President Frans Timmermans called on the government to publish the verdict , but shied away from confrontation .
`` I did get the feeling today that there is room for dialogue and room for finding a solution without the European Commission having to take any next steps , '' he said .
The Commission 's restraint is driving the Parliament to act . It is due to vote on a non-binding resolution on Poland during its plenary session Wednesday .
The government insists that the country is being harmed by having the constitutional crisis discussed internationally , and blames the opposition Civic Platform party , a member of the EPP , for playing politics with the issue .
`` Such arguments show that the main forces in the European Parliament are prone to repeating old arguments , '' Konrad Szymański , the Europe minister , told Poland 's Rzeczpospolita newspaper . `` In this sense there is no added value . It wo n't help . It would be good if we could avoid the political side-effects of such a position . ''
Poland 's ruling Law and Justice party is a member of the European Reformists and Conservatives grouping in the Parliament , and does n't have the numbers to stop the resolution . However the party on Monday prepared an alternative resolution stressing Law and Justice 's democratic mandate and put the blame for the crisis on the previous Civic Platform government .
Amendments are expected to be tabled before the vote on Wednesday , with pressure from some groupings to add other issues , like recent concerns that Poland may strengthen its already very tough abortion law , said a parliament official .
Authors :
`` Run Hide Fight , '' is an instructional video on how to survive a mass shooting spree by the Alabama Department of Homeland Security . As America waits for Washington to address the gun control debate , more states are providing tips on what to do in the horrific event of a mass shooting spree .
RUN . Hide . Fight . That 's the message from police departments across the US to average Joes who find themselves in the firing line of a mass shooting .
This year , more than 350 gun massacres have rocked neighbourhoods across the US . Since President Barack Obama moved into the Oval Office , there have been three times that many .
To help police deal with the inevitable next attack , departments have taken to educating the public on how to protect themselves . The strategy is simpler than you might think .
Dallas police last week offered tips and tricks to concerned citizens at a library . The sit-in was casual — it included snacks and drinks — but the topics were deadly serious .
“ I wish I did n't have to do this , ” officer Dave Wilson told the Dallas Morning News . “ But the fact of the matter is we do n't live in the same world I was born in . ”
Mr Wilson told roughly 50 attendees that if they find themselves in a siege situation , they should run for the exits in a zig-zag pattern if it 's safe to do so .
If that 's not possible , they should hide . A closet , a storage room , behind a door , anywhere they can find . They should silence their phones and turn out the lights .
If they ca n't hide , it 's better to play dead than to plead for their lives , Mr Wilson said . Finally , they should engage the shooter , but only as a final resort .
“ Number one : They 're all crazy , ” he said . “ As far as I know , we get one chance in life and I got stuff I want to do . I 'm going to fight . ”
In a dramatic video produced by the FBI 's Department of Homeland Security and shown to those in attendance , the narrator explains that “ bad people do bad things ” and being prepared is a must .
“ It may feel like just another day at the office , ” he says at the beginning of the video . “ But occasionally , life feels more like an action movie than reality . The authorities are working hard to protect you and to protect our public spaces . But sometimes , bad people do bad things ... and unfortunately you need to be prepared for the worst . ”
The narrator explains how those in danger can improvise weapons and should act with “ physical aggression . ”
He adds : “ As a last resort , if your life is at risk , whether you 're alone or working together as a group , fight ! Act with aggression . Improvise weapons . Disarm him ... and commit to taking the shooter down , no matter what . ”
Some people , including John Matthews , the author of Mass Shootings : Six Steps for Survival , say fighting back can be the worst thing to do . “ Too many programs are telling citizens to engage the offender and there is absolutely zero research behind that , ” he said .
Kaitlin Roig-Debellis did n't fight when Adam Lanza stormed Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 , armed with a number of weapons and determined to take as many lives as possible . Instead , she did the only thing she could do : she hid her students and hoped for the best .
“ It was completely unreasonable to think that by hiding in a bathroom we 'd survive , ” she told news.com.au .
Unreasonable or not , it worked . In her book , Choosing Hope , she describes the decision that saved the lives of a class of terrified five- and six-year-olds .
“ First comes the initial blast of gunfire , then the shattering glass . The hair on my arms stands up . I know right away what I 'm hearing . Columbine is happening in the place we call Pleasantville . How can it be ? Someone with a weapon is shooting their way into our perfect school .
“ We are in grave danger , sitting targets . I jump up , run to the door , pull it closed and switch off the lights . I ca n't lock the door . My keys are across the room , on top of my desk , and there 's no time to fetch them . If we 're going to live , we have to find a hiding place . Fast . ”
Acting quickly , she hid her students in a tiny toilet and waited 45 minutes to be rescued .
Like Sandy Hook , places like Charleston , Isla Vista , Chattanooga , Roseburg , Colorado Springs and San Bernardino were changed forever this year because a shooter or multiple shooters attacked without warning . Being prepared , police say , could help keep other cities from joining an unenviable list .
The South Korean Marine Corps has formed a new mobile unit assigned to attack North Korea in case of contingency , a Seoul military official told Yonhap Sunday . The regiment , “ Spartan 3000 , ” consists of 3,000 troops and was launched in the southeastern coastal city of Pohang , the report said .
The troops will be on standby to be deployed to all the parts of the Korean peninsula within a day and will be trained to destroy important North Korean military facilities . During other times the unit will be deployed to handle emergency situations and disasters , Yonhap reported .
“ In the past , the battalion-level unit took 24 hours to be deployed across the Korean Peninsula , while the regimental-level unit took 48 hours , ” the military official said , according to Yonhap , adding : “ However , the new unit will be able to operate within 24 hours even at the regimental level . ”
The operational skills of the unit were tested during the largest joint annual drills between South Korea and the U.S . The drills were slammed by North Korea , which threatened to attack the U.S. and South Korea over it and called them a provocation .
As retaliation , Pyongyang has also been conducting similar military drills aimed at destroying key South Korean facilities .
On Sunday , North Korean media agency KCNA said that Kim Jong-un guided landing and anti-landing exercises of the Korean People 's Army ( KPA ) . The report added that the drill involved “ surface ships and sharpshooters of the East Sea Fleet ” of the country 's navy , “ pursuit planes ” of KPA Air and Anti-Air Force , artillery sub-units and some other forces of the 108th Motorized Infantry Division of the KPA .
Kim expressed satisfaction over the drills and said : “ Any enemy group will never land in seashore of the country as our reliable artillerymen stand guard in full readiness to wipe out the aggressors , ” KCNA Watch reported , citing the North Korean news agency . Kim also called for the training to be “ intensified ” among the units and sub-units of the Korean army according to the tactics set for coastal defense .
The latest drills from Seoul and Pyongyang follow North Korea 's rocket launch , nuclear test , and missile tests that have been slammed by the international community . The U.S. , South Korea and the United Nations Security Council slapped sanctions against North Korea over the missile tests and its nuclear advancements even as Kim called for more nuclear weapons .
ISIL fighters have streamed into Libya in recent months , heightening fears the fighters are gaining ground and influence in the divided north African country .
About 5,000 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fighters are now in Libya - double earlier estimates - while the number in Iraq and Syria has dropped , a security analyst said on Thursday .
The updated figures come as the US administration of President Barack Obama faces growing calls for the American military to step up action against ISIL in Libya , where fighters have already seized the city of Sirte and an adjoining length of Mediterranean coastline .
Patrick Skinner , a former CIA case officer now with The Soufan Group consultancy , said the US has few good Libya options , but there is growing consensus something must be done .
`` They are just terrified of it getting much worse , fast , '' Skinner told the AFP news agency .
`` Once [ ISIL ] takes something , it 's really hard and really bloody and really expensive to take it back . ''
NATO defence ministers are meeting in Brussels next week to evaluate the ongoing US-led campaign against ISIL and to discuss ways of redoubling efforts .
No large-scale US military action is contemplated in Libya , senior US administration officials told the Associated Press news agency .
Military options under consideration include raids and advisory missions by US special operations forces and air strikes , the officials said on condition of anonymity .
`` The last thing in the world you want is a false caliphate with access to billions of dollars of oil revenue , '' John Kerry , the US secretary of state , said on Tuesday .
READ MORE : Iraq blames ISIL for deadly attacks on troops
Meanwhile , the US now says that there are between 19,000 and 25,000 ISIL fighters in Iraq and Syria - down from a previous count of about 30,000 .
But there are growing fears about the fate of Libya , which has been in chaos since the NATO-backed ousting of long-time dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 , thanks largely to its air power . Since 2014 , Libya has been split between two rival authorities , each backed by different militias and tribes .
Skinner pointed to the irony that Western leaders are now scrambling for solutions in Libya .
`` The international coalition is going to air strike its way out of the chaos created by air strikes , '' he said . `` That 's actually what people are considering . Something has to be done . The horrible reality is : what is that something ? ''
One of Two Epic Stories Coming This Year , Mask of Deception Introduces Players to the Novel World of Utawarerumono
From one of our favorite JRPG creators , Atlus , comes a new story-driven tale of friends and conflict . Based on the visual novel by Aquaplus , Utawarerumono : Mask of Deception is a new exclusive to PlayStation 4 and Vita . Delve into a world of powerful magic and fantastical beasts in elaborately composed narrative . With intriguing characters and wondrous lands to explore , players are liable to lose themselves in hours of storytelling .
Follow the story of Haku , a forgetful wanderer who solemnly strides into strange and snowy wilderness . His story quickly picks up alongside his rescuer Kuon , a woman with animal ears ( some might call a furry ) . From there , a world of more animal people , dynamic locations , and battle awaits . Another adventure with companions , character building , interesting lore , and thoughtful gameplay , here 's a list of what to expect :
An Unforgettable Story – 40 plus hours of immersion take the player from humble beginnings to world-shaping actions . Great fantasy lore and history make up Mask of Deception the setup to a sequel , Mask of Truth , coming later this year .
– 40 plus hours of immersion take the player from humble beginnings to world-shaping actions . Great fantasy lore and history make up Mask of Deception the setup to a sequel , Mask of Truth , coming later this year . An Active SRPG Battle System – Intense SRPG combat alongside companions as you disover various hostiles throughout the world . The battle system is a thrilling mix of turn-based tactics and Attack Chain mechanics . Players can remain active during combat by successfully completing timing-based charging rings to execute critical attacks or vital dodges/blocks .
– Intense SRPG combat alongside companions as you disover various hostiles throughout the world . The battle system is a thrilling mix of turn-based tactics and Attack Chain mechanics . Players can remain active during combat by successfully completing timing-based charging rings to execute critical attacks or vital dodges/blocks . Fully Fleshed Out Combat – Unique combat features such as the rewind function , elemental affinities/weaknesses , unique character skills , and more add a layer of depth to fights . It 'll take true tactical acumen to emerge victorious in battle !
– Unique combat features such as the rewind function , elemental affinities/weaknesses , unique character skills , and more add a layer of depth to fights . It 'll take true tactical acumen to emerge victorious in battle ! Breathtaking Art – A traditional blend of cut scenes and visual story fulfill the ques we 've come to expect from a Japanese visual novel and anime aficionados ! Fall in love with all-new characters and their careful renderings .
– A traditional blend of cut scenes and visual story fulfill the ques we 've come to expect from a Japanese visual novel and anime aficionados ! Fall in love with all-new characters and their careful renderings . Beautiful Songs and a Thrilling Score – The rousing music , recorded and remastered at the legendary Abbey Road Studios and EastWest Studios , is a perfect soundtrack to accompany a great adventure .
Atlus released a teaser trailer along with their announcement of Utawarerumono . Here 's a glimpse of the story you 'll experience below :
So far we know Utawarerumono : Mask of Deception is releasing in Europe and North America during the Spring of this year . Its sequel , Mask of Truth , will arrive later in 2017 . Expect physical and digital releases , ,with PS4 versions of both games at $ 49.99 , and $ 39.99 for Vita .
While we wait for exact release dates , feel free let us know your thoughts on this latest story by Atlus and Aquaplus . And remember to keep up with all the latest on COGconnected . Happy gaming .
SOURCE : Press Release
SHARE
By of the
Aspiring public-school teachers who have a college degree and some nontraditional K-12 teaching experience may pursue a new track to become a licensed educator in Wisconsin , the Department of Public Instruction announced Monday in a move praised by Gov . Scott Walker but questioned by some leaders of the state 's formal education schools .
The new pathway allows an individual with three years of teaching experience - such as in a private school , workplace training center , child care center or postsecondary institution - to apply for a teaching license by submitting a portfolio of work to the DPI for review .
Unlike other licensure options in the state , the new License Based on Equivalency cuts out the involvement of traditional education schools , which could mean a diversion of potential students and tuition money from the institutions that produce the majority of public K-12 educators in Wisconsin .
`` What they 've put together is a fairly complex process that 's asking for evidence of teaching competence , but there are some policy questions that remain to be answered about the implementation of this , '' said Jeanne Williams , professor of education studies at Ripon College and the president of the Wisconsin Association of Colleges for Teacher Education .
The new license would be wholly overseen by the DPI , and it aims to create an easier pathway into the teaching profession for people with relevant experience who already have bachelor 's degrees , such as an engineer with industry training experience seeking a career change .
Other states offer similar options .
Candidates for the new license pathway in Wisconsin would have to submit a portfolio of evidence , outlined in a detailed handbook , that shows they can meet the state 's teaching standards . The state also intends to have those candidates pass the new Teacher Performance Assessment , a test that relies on extensive reflection essays and a video of the candidate teaching , once that test is in place .
`` We know there are people who have completed college , have work and content area expertise , and would like to share their knowledge by becoming teachers in our public schools , '' State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Evers said in a statement . `` The License Based on Equivalency will help them get there . ''
The new pathway also fulfills a campaign platform issue for Walker , who called for strengthening the teaching profession by opening the door to aspiring teachers with real-world experience .
In a statement Monday , Walker said the change might help districts find more qualified educators in high-needs areas such as science and math .
The majority of public-school teachers in Wisconsin come from undergraduate programs in education , which are offered by 33 colleges or universities in the state . Those institutions recommend their candidates to the DPI , which grants the teaching licenses .
Some educators come out of alternative teacher certification programs , which offer a fast-track into the profession for people who already have bachelor 's degrees .
Private-school teachers do not have to have a state teaching license .
Katy Heyning , dean of the College of Education at the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater , said she was not aware of the License Based on Equivalency plan until the Journal Sentinel asked for comment Monday .
She said she needed more details but said the best thing for Wisconsin schools is to provide teachers who have completed a recognized and approved educator preparation program , such as those offered by UW-Whitewater and many of the UW System campuses .
A good walk can do wonders for your mental wellbeing .
But it 's not just about the occasional one-off feel good factor . Being active has a whole range of benefits when it comes to mental wellbeing .
It improves self-perception and self-esteem , mood and sleep quality , and it reduces stress , anxiety and fatigue . Physically active people have up to a 30 % reduced risk of becoming depressed , and staying active helps those who are depressed recover .
In older people , staying active can improve cognitive function , memory , attention and processing speed , and reduce the risk of cognitive decline and dementia .
`` Walking has always been there for me , my confidence has grown immensely . I 'm a totally different person now than I was ten years ago and I owe so much of that to walking . ''
Kath , walker with bipolar disorder
The physical improvements you gain by walking can help to improve your mental health too . If you feel fitter and feel in control of your weight , your body image and confidence can increase - so it 's not just the physical benefits that you 'll notice when you start walking .
Mods , indie games , the Half-Life : Full Life Consequences series - I love all these things equally , and none of them would be possible if the PC locked its doors and hurled the key into an abyss full of woodchippers .
For that reason and many more , Valve 's Gabe Newell does n't like the recent turn toward all things proprietary that the tech world 's taken . He voiced his concerns during a game panel at the WTIA TechNW conference :
`` On the platform side , it 's sort of ominous that the world seems to be moving away from open platforms , '' he said , according to a post on The Seattle Times .
`` I 'm worried that the things that traditionally have been the source of a lot of innovation are going - there 's going to be an attempt to close those off so somebody will say ' I 'm tired of competing with Google , I 'm tired of competing with Facebook , I 'll apply a console model and exclude the competitors I do n't like from my world . ' ''
Ultimately , he declared a closed model the `` wrong philosophical approach , '' but also noted that you ca n't argue with the success of movers and shakers like Apple . Well , you can , but when there 's this much money on the table , Newell does n't believe other companies will argue for long .
`` I consider Apple to be very closed , '' Newell said . `` Let 's say you have a book business and you are charging 5 to 7 percent gross margins . You ca n't exist in an Apple world because they want 30 percent and they do n't care that you only have 7 percent to play with . ''
`` I suspect Apple will launch a living room product that redefines people 's expectations really strongly and the notion of a separate console platform will disappear , '' he added .
What about Steam , though ? With just a couple wrong moves to tarnish its golden image and thin mustache , could n't it also be the next Evil Empire ? Newell retorted by noting that Steam 's tools are free to developers , but `` we do n't take anything '' if developers decide to peddle their game someplace aside from Steam . He also said that - if Valve made its own console - it 'd be open to services aside from Steam .
Right then . So I suppose this means I can finally stop having those recurring , sweat-soaked nightmares where Half-Life 2 : Episode 3 's an iPhone exclusive .
A PIALBA father has tried to argue with a Hervey Bay Magistrate that he `` had n't really committed an offence '' after being found with cannabis and fireworks .
The same man also told police he was going to smoke marijuana once his children had gone to school .
Brett Stephen Browne , who represented himself in court , told Magistrate Graeme Tatnell that because cannabis had been legalised in many places around the world , he was not really committing a crime .
However , Mr Tatnell disagreed and fined him $ 1000 .
`` You have to understand you have to comply with our laws , '' Mr Tatnell said .
`` Get away from the drugs and you can be a normal person in the community . ''
Browne pleaded guilty in Hervey Bay Magistrates Court on Thursday to possessing explosives , possessing dangerous drugs and possessing utensils used in a crime .
Police prosecutor Sergeant Michael Quirk said during a search of Browne 's home on October 30 police discovered a number of bongs and glass pipes in a poolroom as well as cannabis leaves in his car and prescription painkillers in his bedroom .
`` He said 'it was mine and I was hoping to have some when the kids left for school ' , '' Sgt Quirk said .
It was during that search police also found the small fireworks .
Browne admitted he had not been a public nuisance `` in quite some time '' .
`` I do have some issues with some people in Hervey Bay , '' he said .
As well as a $ 1000 fine , Mr Tatnell ordered the fireworks be forfeited .
Browne agreed to give up the fireworks but only if they were put to a good use .
The magistrate assured him that would not happen and they would be destroyed .
News in Science
Cockroaches live in a democracy
Cockroaches govern themselves in a very simple democracy where each insect has equal standing and group consultations precede decisions that affect the entire group , indicates a new study .
The research determines that cockroach decision-making follows a predictable pattern that could explain group dynamics of other insects and animals , such as ants , spiders , fish and even cows .
Cockroaches are silent creatures , save perhaps for the sound of them scurrying over a countertop . They must therefore communicate without vocalising .
`` Cockroaches use chemical and tactile communication with each other , '' says Dr José Halloy , who co-authored the research in the current Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` They can also use vision , '' says Halloy , a scientist in the Department of Social Ecology at the Free University of Brussels in Belgium .
`` When they encounter each other they recognise if they belong to the same colony thanks to their antennae that are 'nooses ' , that is , sophisticated olfactory organs that are very sensitive , '' he says .
Give me shelter
Halloy tested cockroach group behaviour by placing the insects in a dish that contained three shelters . The test was to see how the cockroaches would divide themselves into the shelters .
After much `` consultation '' , through antenna probing , touching and more , the cockroaches divided themselves up perfectly .
For example , if 50 insects were placed in a dish with three shelters , each with a capacity for 40 bugs , 25 roaches huddled together in the first shelter , 25 gathered in the second shelter , and the third was left vacant .
When the researchers altered this set-up so that it had three shelters with a capacity for more than 50 insects , all the cockroaches moved into the first `` house '' .
A delicate balance
Halloy and his colleagues found that a balance existed between cooperation and competition for resources .
`` Cockroaches are gregarious insects [ that ] benefit from living in groups . It increases their reproductive opportunities , [ promotes ] sharing of resources like shelter or food , prevents desiccation by aggregating more in dry environments , etc , '' he says .
`` So what we show is that these behavioural models allow them to optimise group size . ''
The models are so predictable that they could explain other insect and animal group behaviours , such as how some fish and bugs divide themselves up so neatly into subgroups , and how certain herding animals make simple decisions that do not involve leadership .
Important research
Dr David Sumpter , a University of Oxford zoologist , says the new study `` is an excellent paper '' and `` important '' .
`` It looks both at the mechanisms underlying decision-making by animals and how those mechanisms produce a distribution of animals amongst resource sites that optimises their individual fitness , '' he says .
`` Much previous research has concentrated on either mechanisms or optimality at the expense of the other . ''
For cockroaches , it seems , cooperation comes naturally .
Cairo : A Saudi major who claims to have worked for the interior ministry has been detained after alleging that officials were running drug smuggling operations under cover of the Islamic Haj pilgrimage .
Major Turki bin Hamza al-Rashidi , who said that he worked in the Narcotics Control Division , claimed that a network of powerful regime insiders had made `` billions '' from running drugs into Saudi Arabia in a variety of ways .
Major Turki bin Hamza al-Rashidi , who has been arrested after accusing Saudi Arabian officials of using the Haj pilgrimage as a cover for smuggling drugs . Major Turki bin Hamza al-Rashidi Credit : YouTube
In a series of YouTube videos , Major Rashidi alleged that one method was the `` twin buses game '' .
This involves a `` clean bus '' full of pilgrims heading for Mecca to perform the Haj being certified by customs , before the same documentation is later used to allow a `` dirty bus '' laden with drugs to enter the kingdom . To evade detection , all the buses are identical in make and model , down to the seat fabric . The drivers are said to use counterfeit passports and false names .
Sorry to brag , sorry to lord it over you like this , but I 've got a cat flap . Yeah . A little feline-sized door-within-a-door for a cat to walk through . A cat flaps ! Beat that . I did n't even have to install it . It came with the flat , courtesy of the previous owners . As a child I never dared to dream that one day I 'd own my own cat flap , and even now that I do , I sometimes have to pinch myself and remember that yes : this is real . This is my cat flap . And it lives in my door .
I do n't have a cat though .
I do n't have any pets . Yet people keep telling me to get one , just like they keep telling me to get a wife . ( Incidentally , before Alison Donnell from the department of English and American literature at the University of Reading writes another impenetrable article for Comment is Free in which she humourlessly over-analyses one of my throwaway sentences , I should perhaps point out that I 'm not equating wives with pets . For one thing , you ca n't bury a wife in a shoebox . In several shoeboxes , sliced thinly , maybe - but not one . I should also clarify that when I mention `` burying a wife in a shoebox '' I 'm not making light of murder or anything like that ; I 'm talking about a hypothetical wife who died of natural causes - and that furthermore , said hypothetical wife was a postoperative transsexual who 'd been born a man , and that her dying wish was to be sliced thinly and lovingly placed in a series of shoeboxes . Finally , I 'd like to point out that in her will , she bequeathed everything she owned to an institute of gender studies run by a team of hermaphrodites . It 's actually a bloody inspiring story , OK ? )
Anyway , back to pets , and people telling me to get one . Assuming the stone 's being thrown by a powerful robot , I live a stone 's throw from Battersea Dogs and Cats Home , a building full of lonely looking furry creatures with gigantic pleading eyes . I could go in there and walk out with armfuls of puppies and kittens . But I wo n't . Or rather ca n't . I just ca n't . Why ?
Because animals die , that 's why . And they die too soon . They 've got short life spans . I had a cat once . And I loved that cat . But eventually the cat died , and I do n't know if I want to go through that again . Literally every time I stroke someone else 's cat or dog , all I can think is , `` Yes , it 's lovely , but it 'll die '' . Every time I envisage myself owning a pet , my mind immediately floods with pre-emptive grief . What if it got run over ? Or it choked on something ? What if I tripped and fell and dropped a Yellow Pages on its head ? I just could n't bear it .
Yes , I know humans die too , and usually leave even sharper grief in their wake when they do so . But you ca n't go through life without becoming at least vaguely attached to at least one or two humans in some form or another . The pain they 'll cause is unavoidable . Whereas pets seem easier to cut out .
I know , pet lovers , I know . The joy your pets give while alive far outweighs the grief of their passing . You might even argue that foreknowledge of your pet 's future death actually lends your delight in their comparatively fleeting existence even more resonance . That 's all very well . I still do n't want to come home one night to find a dead cat on the floor .
When I asked the internet whether I should get a pet , I got a variety of responses . One person suggested buying something dangerous , like a scorpion or a tiger . That way , rather than worrying about its death , I 'd be worrying about my own . Our day-to-day existence would turn into a nail-biting contest in which only one of us would make it out alive . But I live in London . My stress levels peaked some time ago , thanks .
Someone else suggested a virtual pet , like a Tamagotchi . I had one of those years ago : accidentally put it through the washing machine in a jeans pocket and felt like a murderer . Taxidermy also got a mention . True , a stuffed pet would n't die . But it would stand around in a glass box , advertising death . And that 's what I see when I look in the mirror . I see death . The ageing process and death . And a mop . The mop 's often propped up against that wall at the back I can see from the mirror . It 's not relevant to the discussion . I just threw it in to lighten the mood .
I suppose what I 'm getting at here is I 'm just too damn angsty to own a pet . Which is a pity because , like I say , I 've got a cat flap . And whenever people see it they go , `` Ooh , have you got a cat ? '' and I have to explain that I do n't , because of death and everything , and it 's a bit of a conversation-killer to be honest . And it 's happened so many times now that every time I see the cat flap , I think about the cat I do n't have , and how much I 'd like one if only it would n't die , and then I realise I 'm mourning a theoretical cat , which in turn leads me to contemplate how little time I have in my own life , and how I should n't really waste it in morbid mental cul-de-sacs , and that makes me sad . The cat flap makes me sad .
Which is why I 'm going to stop typing now and brick the bastard up . Who 's laughing now , cat flap ? WHO 'S LAUGHING NOW ?
• This week Charlie decided throwing eggs at Nick Griffin is counterproductive . To really confound him , the protesters should arrive in an open-top bus filled with 200 incredibly pretty FHM `` high-street honey '' type glamour girls who simply point at him and laugh derisively at the end of every sentence . Can someone please make this happen ?
[ et_pb_section bb_built= ” 1″ ] [ et_pb_row ] [ et_pb_column type= ” 4_4″ ] [ et_pb_text _builder_version= ” 3.0.69″ background_layout= ” light ” text_orientation= ” left ” border_style= ” solid ” ]
A 16 year old boy , who goes by the name ‘ Fruity Simon ' , has completed a task most adults would wince at , he 's written an entire e-book by himself ! The book , which is about his journey to veganism and includes a lot of recipes , is currently on sale via his blog . But , not satisfied with simply encouraging others to be vegan , he 's decided to donate all the profits of his e-book to Mercy for Animals , an animal rights organisation .
Banana nicecream made of ripe bananas , cocoa powder and hemp protein ? that 's it , all the ingredients ! ! ? If you want to know all the tips on how to do creamy and thick nicecream like this get my new ebook ! ( as well as other 100 recipes ) ☺️ Link in my bio ? A post shared by /veganboy/ 16yo ( @ fruitysimon ) on Jul 10 , 2017 at 1:02am PDT
Simon has set himself the challenge of selling 2480 copies , so that he can give $ 10,000 dollars to the animal group . The e-book is only $ 3.99 , despite being nearly 150 pages long . The vegan teenager has given a detailed account of how he came to be vegan , which is largely based on health . He has also included a huge number of recipes for any time of day , and has helpfully included pictures just to make you extra hungry !
Fruity Simon announced the decision to donate his profits to charity on Instagram and Reddit , claiming that , although he donates as much as possible , it never quite seems enough . As a student , Simon does n't have much disposal income but did ddonate $ 50 of his Christmas money to the charity last year .
A post shared by /veganboy/ 16yo ( @ fruitysimon ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 9:50am PDT
Mercy for Animals work to rescue and re-home animals who are currently owned by animal agriculture . The not-for-profit group is seeking to end animal agriculture and are therefore advocates of a vegan diet . On their website the group detail their four pronged approach to ending cruelty to animals , they expose the truth with their undercover investigations , fight for changes in animal welfare laws , reach out to corporations asking them to change their animal welfare policies and encourage the public towards a vegan diet .
Fruity Simon 's donation will likely have a huge impact on the organisation , if you want to help him out you can head over to his blog and buy the e-book . You can even take a look at a preview of his work if you need any more convincing .
Teens like Fruity Simon and his generous nature give hope for a brighter future .
Image credit : Fruity Simon
[ /et_pb_text ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow _builder_version= ” 3.0.53″ saved_tabs= ” all ” link_shape= ” circle ” url_new_window= ” on ” follow_button= ” on ” background_layout= ” light ” global_module= ” 4820″ ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” facebook ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //www.facebook.com/livekindlyco/ ” bg_color= ” # 3b5998″ ] Facebook [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” twitter ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //twitter.com/livekindlyco ” bg_color= ” # 00aced ” ] Twitter [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” instagram ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //www.instagram.com/livekindlyco/ ” bg_color= ” # 517fa4″ ] Instagram [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ /et_pb_social_media_follow ] [ /et_pb_column ] [ /et_pb_row ] [ /et_pb_section ]
Around 1,000 people demonstrated in Moscow against Russian government controls on the internet ( AFP Photo/Mladen ANTONOV )
Around 1,000 people marched through central Moscow on Sunday to protest against the government 's harsh legislative controls on the internet .
Demonstrators at the rally , which was authorised by city authorities , shouted slogans including “ No to censorship , no to dictatorship ! ” and “ Down with the police state ! ”
Some adapted a popular slogan from opposition rallies against President Vladimir Putin 's rule , shouting “ Russia without Putin and censorship ! ”
Police said that around 800 people attended the protest , which was organised by Parnas opposition party , headed by former prime minister Mikhail Kasyanov . An AFP journalist estimated the turnout at 1,000 to 1,500 .
OVD Info website , which monitors detentions of political activists , said three had been detained , one for giving out leaflets promoting opposition leader Alexei Navalny .
Pavel Rassudov , 34 , the former head of the Pirate Party campaign group , said at the march that “ restrictions on the internet began in 2011 , ” as the opposition to Putin held mass rallies in Moscow .
“ The authorities realised the Internet was a tool for mobilisation , that it brings people out onto the streets , ” Rassudov said .
Another marcher , Lyudmila Toporova , 56 , said she came to the rally because “ Freedom is the most important thing in life . That 's why I 'm here . ”
Russia in recent years has moved to impose restrictions on internet use , blacklisting web pages for extremist content and prosecuted a growing number of individuals for posting online .
Since January 1 , internet companies have been required to store all users ' personal data at centres in Russia and provide it to the authorities on demand .
In addition , new legislation passed by the lower house of parliament on Friday would ban the use of VPNs and anonymous messaging apps such as Telegram .
Protesters on Sunday highlighted the case of videoblogger Ruslan Sokolovsky who filmed himself hunting Pokémon in a church and has been placed on a list of “ terrorists ” and extremists and had his bank accounts blocked .
The internet is one of the country 's few forums for political debate and Kremlin critic Navalny has won a youth following with live video blogs and YouTube videos .
Putin on Friday during a live television show with children admitted that he almost never uses the internet and does not have time for social media such as Instagram .
Image : Girls in period costume at Sam Davis Youth Camp ( Screen capture )
A chain of youth camps claims that it teaches teens about southern history , but one of its leaders reportedly has ties to the Ku Klux Klan .
According to Vocativ , Sam Davis Youth Camps are dotted throughout the southern states and each summer they welcome teens from across the region . At camp , the teens are taught to have reverence and respect for the antebellum era and the Confederacy , which unsuccessfully attempted to break away from the rest of the United States , sparking the U.S. Civil War .
“ Our kids are n't getting taught this stuff in the schools , ” said organizer Phil Walters . “ Great American heroes like Jefferson Davis and General Robert Lee…our kids are not gon na be told that these people are evil , hate-mongering slave-holders and not have us do something to correct it . ”
The families that send their children to Sam Davis Camp for a week each summer are concerned that their heritage and traditions are dying out . The camps are an attempt to instill these values in younger generations .
“ Probably one of the largest…problem [ s ] that all of these heritage organizations… [ have ] is the age of the membership , ” said Johnnie Holley of the Sons of Confederate Veterans ( SCV ) , one of the groups that sponsors the camps . “ In the schools today , the war is not taught properly , our children are dying for information about their ancestry and their heritage . If we do n't bring our young people into our organizations , then the organizations will eventually die . ”
Kids at the camp take archery , swimming , crafts and other regular camp activities , but they also take courses in the SCV 's revisionist history of the Civil War , which they call “ The War of Southern Independence . ”
In their retelling , the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery . Abraham Lincoln was a racist , they say , and the only reason people believe that Confederate boosters are racist is because of the NAACP , which has declared “ war on everything Confederate . ”
“ When you get down to it , this is a small group of people — the NAACP — who say that everything in the South is evil and that it needs to be erased , ” said Holley .
The Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) has categorized the SCV as a hate group . The SCV 's long-range strategist and a key actor is the Sam Davis Youth Camp program is Kirk Lyons , an attorney and founder of the Southern Legal Resource Center . Lyons has a history of defending white supremacists and Klan members in court .
Lyons said it has been years since he worked on a case of that kind and said that if you have any questions about his purported racism , you can ask his black friend .
“ They do n't tell you that my best friend of 17 years is H.K . Edgerton , ” Lyons said .
Edgerton — an African-American SCV member and former NAACP chapter president– currently sits on the board of the Southern Legal Resource Center .
“ How many white supremacists do you know who have a black best friend ? ” Lyons asked .
Voactiv said , “ According to the SPLC , Lyons is a former member of the National Alliance , a neo-Nazi organization founded by William Pierce , the author of the Turner Diaries , a fictional blueprint for starting a race war and something of a bible for hate groups since it was published in 1978 . Pages of Pierce 's novel were found in the getaway car driven by Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh in 1995 . ”
Watch video about this story , embedded below :
Private keys have been part of Bitcoin from the beginning . Wallet software often tries to shield users from the need to directly handle and understand private keys . Even so , most users eventually come face to face with private keys , too often with unpleasant results .
A basic understanding of private keys can protect you from losing money and other mishaps , but it can also offer useful insights into how Bitcoin works . This guide outlines Bitcoin 's the most important private key concepts .
Bitcoin : A Secure Messaging System
Bitcoin may be best known as an electronic cash system , but underneath it all runs a secure messaging system built on the Internet . Instead of relaying emails , texts , or web pages , the Bitcoin network processes value-transfer messages called transactions . Private keys help authenticate these messages and identify each other .
An example helps illustrate the problems that private keys solve . Imagine that Alice wants to pay Bob using an electronic coin with a face value of ฿1 . To do so , she must create a transaction identifying Bob as the payee . Then Alice needs to publish the transaction to the Bitcoin network .
To use this system , Alice must solve two fundamental problems :
Alice needs a way to identify both herself and Bob in the transaction . She ca n't employ a trusted authority such as a government registry or email provider because that would create a central point of failure — the very thing Bitcoin was created to eliminate . Alice needs a way to prevent others from changing her transaction and forging transactions in her name .
Bitcoin solves both problems through a system called public key cryptography . This system uses two pieces of information to authenticate messages . A public key identifies a sender or recipient , and can be distributed to others . A private key creates an unforgeable message signature . Unlike the public keys , the private key must be kept secret . Public and private keys are mathematically linked through a signature algorithm , a mathematical procedure for creating identities , signing messages , and validating signatures .
Public Key Cryptography . Alice ( top ) begins by choosing a private key . Using a signature algorithm , Alice obtains a public key from her private key ( left ) . Alice then sends this public key to Bob ( bottom ) while keeping her private key secret ( center-left ) . Alice signs a message by passing it to the signature algorithm together with her private key . The algorithm returns a signature in response ( center ) . Alice attaches this signature to her message and sends both to Bob ( center-right ) . Finally , Bob passes the message , signature , and public key he was given to the signature algorithm . If the message is authentic , the algorithm returns a confirmation ( right ) .
With this overview in mind , here are six things about private keys to keep in mind as you use Bitcoin .
1 . A Private Key is Just a Number
A Bitcoin private key is simply an integer between one and about 1077 . This may not seem like much of a selection , but for practical purposes it 's essentially infinite .
If you could process one trillion private keys per second , it would take more than one million times the age of the universe to count them all . Even worse , just enumerating these keys would consume more than the total energy output of the sun for 32 years . Bitcoin 's entire security model rests on the infeasibility of mapping this vast keyspace .
Because private keys contain many digits , an alternative called Wallet Import Format ( WIF ) has been devised . This format begins with the number “ 5 ” and contains a sequence of letters and numbers . For example , here 's a private key represented in WIF format :
5KJvsngHeMpm884wtkJNzQGaCErckhHJBGFsvd3VyK5qMZXj3hS
Given the importance of keeping private keys secret , they are sometimes encrypted . A popular method produces strings of text that look like WIF encoding , but starting with the number “ 6. ” Decrypting a private key encoded in this way requires the password that was set when the private key was encrypted .
2 . Transactions are Messages Signed with a Private Key
To prevent forgery , Bitcoin requires that each transaction bear a digital signature . This signature , like a private key , is just a number selected from a very large range . Wallet software generates a signature by mathematically processing a transaction together with the correct private key .
Anyone with a signature and public key can easily authenticate a message . However , the only way to produce a valid message signature is to use the private key matching the published public key . In other words , digital signatures are practically impossible to forge .
Message Tampering . The signature algorithm will notify Bob if a message signed by Alice was changed at all . He can likewise tell if the message was signed with a key different from the one Alice gave him .
Unlike a physical signature you might write on a check , a transaction signature changes if the transaction changes even slightly . The way the signature will change is unpredictable , ensuring that only a person in possession of a private key can provide the correct signature .
Notice that the internal format of a transaction is less important than the idea that transactions are digitally signed messages whose authenticity can be quickly and cheaply checked . For details on transactions and how they 're used in Bitcoin , see A Visual Language for Bitcoin Transactions .
3 . Anyone Who Knows Your Private Key Can Steal Your Funds
Any valid transaction bearing a valid signature will be accepted by the Bitcoin network . At the same time , any person in possession of a private key can sign a transaction . These two facts taken together mean that someone know only your private key can steal from you .
Many avenues are open to thieves who steal private keys . Two of the most popular are storage media and communications channels . For this reason , extreme caution must be taken whenever storing or transmitting private keys .
Software wallets usually store private keys in a “ wallet file ” on the main hard drive . Wallets often place this file in a standard , well-known directory , making it an ideal target bitcoin-specific malware .
To counter this threat , software wallets offer an option to encrypt the wallet file . Any attacker gaining access to your wallet file would then need to decrypt it . The difficulty of decryption depends on the quality of the encryption and strength of the password being used . Wallet files can be encrypted on many software wallets by adding a password .
Password Protection . Encrypting Electrum 's wallet file by adding a password .
Although wallet backups are a good idea , they can potentially leak private keys . For example , it may be tempting to save a backup of your software wallet to a cloud storage service such as Dropbox . However , anyone capable of viewing this backup online ( a potentially long list of people ) would be in a position to steal some or all of your funds . A similar problem could arise through emailing backups to yourself or leaving a private key around the house . Encryption can reduce , but not eliminate the risk .
Preventing the accidental release of private keys is the main purpose of “ cold storage. ” For more information , see A Gentle Introduction to Bitcoin Cold Storage .
4 . A Private Key Generates a Public Key Which Generates an Address
A public key is obtained by subjecting a private key to a set of mathematical operations defined in a set of standards known as Elliptic Curve Cryptography ( ECC ) . Whereas a private key is an integer , a public key is a 2D coordinate composed of two integers . To make a public key easier to process , it can be transformed into a single value . One approach appends the y-coordinate to the x-coordinate . This technique produces an “ uncompressed ” public key . A “ compressed ” public key uses only the x-coordinate with a symmetry flag .
SVG Image Private Key to Address . A private key , which is just a number such as 42 , can be transformed mathematically into a public key . A public key is then transformed into an address . Each step is irreversible .
Each of these steps is irreversible . An address ca n't generate a public key , nor can a public key generate a private key . This relationship is known as a mathematical trapdoor — a function that 's easy to perform in one direction , but practically impossible to perform in the opposite direction . This unidirectionality underpins Bitcoin 's security model .
Just as private keys can be shortened to make them more usable with displays and keyboards , so too can public keys . An address results from applying a multi-step transformation to a public key . This results in a string of text and digits , usually starting with the number “ 1 ” .
Notice that no network is needed at any point in the generation of a private key or the corresponding address . Every computer on the Bitcoin network knows about the mathematical relationship between public and private keys . This enables each participant to select private keys and sign transactions independently of the Bitcoin network . The vast private keyspace ensures that any properly-selected key will be unique .
5 . Security Depends on Choosing a Good Private Key
Knowledge of a private key is the only verification needed to spend an electronic coin . Private keys should therefore be kept secret . However , careless selection of a private key can lead to theft just as easily as its accidental release .
For example , imagine that we want to use a private key that 's easy to remember . The number 1 is both easy to remember and a valid Bitcoin private key . But how secure would it be ?
The private key 1 generates this address :
1EHNa6Q4Jz2uvNExL497mE43ikXhwF6kZm
If you follow the link , you 'll notice that the address has already been involved in over 1,000 transactions for a total of over 7 BTC within the last few years . If you wanted , you could easily spend any available funds at this address because the private key is known to you .
Now imagine you 're a thief determined to steal bitcoin . One strategy might be to compile a list of easy-to-remember private keys . Next , generate the addresses for these keys and monitor the Bitcoin network for incoming payments to one of them . When one arrives , immediately sign a transaction moving the funds to another address you control .
Contrast the ease of this scheme with a situation in which a private key was chosen by a perfect random number generator . With no clue what the key might be , brute force iteration would be the only option . As we 've already seen , carrying out this plan is physically impossible .
What would happen if the random number generator were not quite random ? For example , what if all output private keys were clustered about a constant value within a narrow range ?
Private Keyspace . Random private key distribution ( left ) versus one that is clustered ( right ) . The clustered distribution limits the search space , favoring an attacker .
Any attacker aware of such a defect could drastically reduce the necessary search space . Under the right conditions , it would become practical to monitor all of the addresses based on the faulty random number generator and steal funds from any one of them at will .
The need to select a good private key becomes especially important with brain wallets . One method to create a brain wallet starts with a passphrase such as “ to be or not to be ” , then applies a mathematical function to convert this text to a private key . Applying the most popular conversion algorithm ( SHA-256 ) to this passphrase generates the address :
1J3m4nneGFppRjx6qv92qyz7EsMVdLfr8R
As you can see , this address was used as late as 2016 to store funds , which were immediately withdrawn .
Unfortunately , it 's not always easy to tell what qualifies as an insecure brain wallet passphrase and what does n't . Attackers can exploit this uncertainty and the inexperience of new users to steal funds . For example , a thief might compile an enormous database of common phrases and passwords . Such a database might number in the trillions of entries or more , but would still be searchable in its entirety with little computational effort .
Compare this situation to the one with website passwords . If you register for a web service using a password someone else happens to have chosen , you do n't take over their account because your username must be unique . Bitcoin private keys are different in that they serve the dual role of user identification ( via address generation ) and authentication ( via digital signatures ) .
Secure private keys are generated with a high degree of unpredictability so they ca n't be guessed before or after the fact .
6 . Private Keys are ( Somewhat ) Portable
For the most part , wallet software hides the process of generating , using , and storing private keys . However , private keys can become visible from time to time . When this happens , understanding private keys and how they interact with your specific software becomes important .
Paper wallets present the most common route by which private keys show up outside of software wallets . Although they come in a multitude of formats , the essential feature of any paper wallet is a printed private key .
Paper Wallet . Example paper wallet . To the right is the private key , represented both as a QR code and a string of text beginning with the number “ 5 ” and written vertically .
Many software wallets support sweeping . A sweep creates a new transaction paying one of the software wallet 's existing addresses . This procedure may or may not empty the address associated with the private key . For more information on the dangers of manipulating bare private keys , see Five Ways to Lose Money with Bitcoin Change Addresses .
Should your wallet application begin to malfunction , its private keys can often be imported into another application . This rescue procedure provides the second main route through which private keys become visible to end users . A closely-related procedure consists of restoring the state of a software wallet through a backup file .
Conclusions
Bitcoin can be thought of as an open messaging system secured by public key cryptography . In contrast to other systems protected by username and password logins , Bitcoin is secured through digital message signatures created with a unique private key . This single point of access places a very high value on the secure generation , use , and storage of private keys .
David Winslow Sparks has pleaded guilty to breaching a publication ban related to the victim in the Lyle Howe sexual assault case .
The 62-year-old Dartmouth man was charged in September after police alleged he posted the name of a sexual assault victim on social media .
The identity of the victim was protected by a publication ban after a sexual assault charge was filed against Howe , a defence lawyer .
Laura McCarthy — Sparks 's lawyer and Howe 's wife — said Monday she 's waiting to see whether the judge will make an example of her client .
`` One of the things that has to be considered in every sentencing is general deterrence , deterring the public . Given the circumstances of today , with recent publication bans that have been throughout the media , is he to be made an example of ? '' she said .
`` Or is it a situation where it would be inappropriate to make an example of him because you 're supposed to sentence the individual . It 's really hard to say given the climate of today 's media and the attention toward publication ban breaches . ''
McCarthy pointed to publication bans that have been media stories lately , including the case of Rehtaeh Parsons . The abused teenager 's name was the subject of a publication ban in a child pornography case , but Nova Scotia 's Public Prosecution Service was recently instructed not to prosecute anyone who publishes her name .
`` I ca n't say that they 're the same situation but I know the topic has been live before the media and it 's been a very live topic , '' she said .
`` It may have an impact in the judge 's decision on what sentence should be imposed but at this point , I ca n't say . ''
Sparks will be sentenced on March 17 in Dartmouth court at 9:30 a.m .
Howe was sentenced to three years in prison in July and is appealing that conviction . That appeal is also expected to begin in March .
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
For other people of the same name , see Edward Griffin
G. Edward Griffin ( born November 7 , 1931 ) is an American film producer , author , and political lecturer . [ 1 ] Starting as a child actor , he became a radio station manager before age 20 . He then began a career of producing documentaries and books on often-debated topics like cancer , Noah 's ark , and the Federal Reserve System , as well as on Libertarian views of the U.S. Supreme Court , terrorism , subversion , and foreign policy . Since the 1970s , Griffin has promoted laetrile as a cancer treatment , [ 2 ] a view considered quackery by the medical community . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] He has also promoted the Durupınar site as hosting the original Noah 's ark , against skeptics as well as near-Ararat Creationists . He has opposed the Federal Reserve since the 1960s , saying it constitutes a banking cartel and an instrument of war and totalitarianism . [ 5 ] In 2002 , Griffin founded the individualist network Freedom Force International .
edit ] Early life
Griffin was born in Detroit , Michigan , on November 7 , 1931 , and became a child actor on local radio in 1942 . By 1947 he was emceeing at WJR ( CBS ) , and continued as announcer at WUOM and station manager at WWJ-TV ( NBC ) , 1950–1955 . He earned his bachelor 's from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor in 1953 , majoring in speech and communications . [ 6 ] Griffin served in the U.S. Army from 1954 to 1956 , reaching the rank of sergeant . [ 1 ]
edit ] Political advocacy
By 1964 , Griffin had completed his first book , The Fearful Master , on the United Nations , a challenging topic that recurs throughout his writings . When George Wallace ran for U.S. president in the election of 1968 , winning five states for the paleoconservative third-party American Independent Party , Griffin served as a writer for Wallace 's vice presidential candidate , Curtis LeMay , [ 1 ] a retired General of the Air Force . In the next year , Griffin began producing political films for American Media of Los Angeles [ 1 ] ( later moving to Thousand Oaks and Westlake Village , California ) , of which he is president . [ 7 ] While he describes his work as the output of `` a plain vanilla researcher '' , Griffin also agrees with the Los Angeles Daily News characterizing him as `` Crusader Rabbit '' . [ 8 ]
Griffin has been a member and officer of the conservative John Birch Society for much of his life [ 9 ] [ 10 ] and a contributing editor to its magazine , The New American . [ 11 ] Since the 1960s , Griffin has spoken and written at length about the Society 's theory of history involving `` communist and capitalist conspiracies '' over banking systems ( including the Federal Reserve System ) , American foreign policy , the U.S. Supreme Court , and the United Nations . [ 9 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] From 1962 to 1975 , he completed nine books and seven film productions ; his 1969 video lecture , More Deadly Than War : The Communist Revolution in America , was printed in English and Dutch . In 1974 , he published World Without Cancer , and in 1975 , he wrote a sympathetic biography of Society founder Robert W. Welch , which was well received by members of the organization . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Six of his documentaries from the early period were re-released in 2001 as Hidden Agenda : Real Conspiracies that Affect our Lives Today .
edit ] Health advocacy
In 1974 , Griffin wrote and published the book World Without Cancer , [ 16 ] [ 17 ] and released it as a documentary video ; its second edition appeared in 1997 , and it was translated into Afrikaans , 1988 , and German , 2005 . In the book and the video , Griffin asserts that cancer is a metabolic disease facilitated by the insufficient dietary consumption of amygdalin , a view which has been rejected by the medical community . He contends that `` eliminating cancer through a nondrug therapy has not been accepted because of the hidden economic and power agendas of those who dominate the medical establishment '' [ 18 ] and he wrote , `` at the very top of the world 's economic and political pyramid of power there is a grouping of financial , political , and industrial interests that , by the very nature of their goals , are the natural enemies of the nutritional approaches to health '' . [ 19 ]
Griffin also advocates the use of Laetrile , a semi-synthetic derivative of amygdalin as a treatment for cancer , often referencing the work of Dean Burk to support the use of Laetrile . [ 20 ] Since the 1970s , the use of Laetrile to treat cancer has been described in the scientific literature as a canonical example of quackery and has never been shown to be effective in the treatment or prevention of cancer . [ 3 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ]
The author of a critical review of World Without Cancer asserts that Griffin `` accepts the 'conspiracy ' theory ... that policy-makers in the medical , pharmaceutical , research and fund-raising organizations deliberately or unconsciously strive not to prevent or cure cancer in order to perpetuate their functions '' . The reviewer concludes that although World Without Cancer `` is an emotional plea for the unrestricted use of the Laetrile as an anti-tumor agent , the scientific evidence to justify such a policy does not appear within it '' . [ 23 ]
Griffin 's websites refer visitors to doctors , clinics , and hospitals with alternative cancer treatments , [ 24 ] including sellers of Laetrile . [ 16 ] [ 25 ] He does not sell Laetrile himself . [ 16 ]
Griffin founded The Cancer Cure Foundation `` in December of 1976 as a non-profit organization dedicated to research and education in alternative cancer therapies '' . [ 26 ] The foundation expanded its mission in March , 2002 to include disseminating information about other medical conditions , and it changed its name to The Cure Research Foundation . During the 1980s , Griffin returned to producing films about terrorism , subversion , and Communism .
edit ] The Creature from Jekyll Island
Griffin enrolled in the College for Financial Planning in Denver , Colorado , and became a Certified Financial Planner in 1989 . [ 27 ] He described the U.S. money system in his 1993 movie and 1994 book on the Federal Reserve System , The Creature from Jekyll Island . [ 1 ] This popular book [ 28 ] [ 29 ] has been a business bestseller ; [ 30 ] [ 31 ] it has been reprinted in Japanese , 2005 , and German , 2006 . The book also influenced Ron Paul during the writing of a chapter on money and the Federal Reserve in Paul 's New York Times number-one bestseller , The Revolution : A Manifesto , which recommended Griffin 's book on its `` Reading List for a Free and Prosperous America '' . [ 32 ]
The title refers to the November 1910 meeting at Jekyll Island , Georgia , of seven bankers and economic policymakers , who represented the financial elite of the Western world . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] The meeting was recounted by Forbes founder B. C. Forbes in 1916 , [ 35 ] and recalled by participant Frank Vanderlip as `` the actual conception of what eventually became the Federal Reserve System '' . [ 36 ] Griffin states that participant Paul Warburg describes the Jekyll Island meeting as `` this most interesting conference concerning which Senator Aldrich pledged all participants to secrecy '' . [ 37 ]
Griffin 's work stresses [ 38 ] the point which Federal Reserve chair Marriner Eccles made in Congressional testimony in 1941 : `` If there were no debts in our money system , there would n't be any money . `` [ 33 ] Griffin advocates against the debt-based fiat money system on several grounds , stating that it devours individual prosperity through inflation and it is used to perpetuate war . He also described a framework of central bankers underwriting both sides of an ongoing war or revolution . [ 39 ] Griffin says that the United Nations , the Council on Foreign Relations , and the World Bank are working to destroy American sovereignty through a system of world military and financial control , and he advocates for United States withdrawal from the United Nations . [ 11 ] [ 40 ]
Edward Flaherty , an academic economist , [ 41 ] characterized Griffin 's description of the secret meeting on Jekyll Island as `` conspiratorial '' , `` amateurish '' , and `` suspect '' . [ 42 ] Griffin 's response was that Flaherty had miscategorized the book with other publications and had labeled all criticisms of the Federal Reserve as the results of conspiracy theory . [ 43 ]
Griffin advocates a free-market , private-money system superior to the Fed caused economist Bernard von NotHaus to deploy such a system in 1998 . Griffin states that von NotHaus 's private silver certificates , known as Liberty Dollars , are `` real money '' . [ 44 ]
edit ] The `` Mandrake mechanism ''
The Mandrake mechanism is a term coined by Griffin in this book . Mandrake the Magician was a comic strip character from the 1940s . He had the ability to magically create things and , when appropriate , make them disappear . [ 45 ] Griffin 's view is similar to many other gold-standard supporters ' critique of the fractional reserve banking system and the Federal Reserve in particular : that it makes money `` magically '' appear from nothing .
In Griffin 's view , the `` magical '' quality of this mechanism is really just a simple mathematical limit ( mathematics ) . When banks loan money , they do n't actually loan existing money . Rather , they allocate money to loan , but they are limited by how much money they can create . The law basically says that , for each dollar a bank has on hand in one of its savings accounts , it is allowed to create another 90 cents to give out as a loan . ( The dollar from the savings account is still there , and can still be spent by the person who owns the savings account . ) This loan is then spent , and the recipient puts it into another bank , and that bank can now loan 90 cents times 0.9 = 81 cents . This can be repeated many times ( depending on the demand for loans ) until it approaches its mathematical limit of 10 dollars .
For example , when the Federal Reserve holds on deposit 1 billion in marketable United States Treasury security then the banks in the banking system , public and private , and bound by US financial law , are able to generate 10 billion in new debt over time . In September , 2008 the US Public Debt was 5.8 trillion and from that debt there was a potential to create approximately 53 trillion ( ( 5.8x10 ) -5.8=52.2 ) dollars of money ( as debt ) .
edit ] Noah 's ark
Also during this time , Griffin wrote and narrated the 1992 documentary The Discovery of Noah 's Ark , based on U.S . Merchant Marine officer David Fasold 's 1988 book , The Ark of Noah . [ 46 ] Griffin 's film said that the original Noah 's ark continued to exist in fossil form at the Durupınar site , about 17 miles ( 27 km ) from Mount Ararat in Turkey , based on photographic , radar , and metal detector evidence . Griffin also narrated that towns in the area had names that resembled terms from the Biblical story of the flood . He presented a viewpoint that the flood might have been the action of massive tides caused by a gravitational interaction between Earth and a large celestial body coming close to it . [ 8 ]
Popular Mechanics stated Fasold had described his research as `` radar imagery ... so clear that Fasold could count the floorboards between the walls '' ; [ 47 ] Griffin has continued to promote this view , as did Fasold 's co-researcher Ron Wyatt and Wyatt Archeological Research . [ 48 ] Creationists Andrew Snelling and John D. Morris prefer a near-Ararat site ; Snelling supports geologist Tom Fenner 's view that `` a great deal of effort was put into repeating the radar measurements acquired in 1986 by Wyatt and Fasold .... After numerous attempts over a period of one and a half days [ Geophysical Survey Systems ] were unable to duplicate their radar records in any way . `` [ 49 ] [ 50 ] Fasold himself revisited the site evidence with geologists Ian Plimer and Lorence Collins and came to doubt his initial position , saying , `` I think we have found what the ancients said was the Ark , but this structure is not Noah 's Ark . `` [ 51 ] [ 52 ] [ 53 ]
edit ] Libertarian advocacy
In 2002 , Griffin founded Freedom Force International , a libertarian activist network , [ 7 ] [ 54 ] whose members value individual freedom above government power . The organization 's position that the exclusive role of government is to protect people 's rights and property , not to provide services like welfare , reflects Griffin 's view that collectivism and freedom `` are mortal enemies . '' One of the organization 's stated goals is to elect people with such views to government offices and onto the boards of nonprofit organizations—true to its motto , `` Do n't fight city hall when you can BE city hall . `` [ 55 ]
In 2006 , Griffin was interviewed for the documentary film America : Freedom to Fascism . [ 56 ] He endorsed Ron Paul for U.S. president in the 2008 election . [ 7 ]
edit ] Bibliography
edit ] Filmography
edit ] References
FILE - In this Tuesday , April 29 , 2014 file photo , a Supreme Court visitor takes pictures with her cell phone outside the Supreme Court in Washington , during a hearing to consider whether police may search cell phones found on people they arrest without first getting a warrant . The Supreme Court ruling barring police from searching cell phones without a warrant had an immediate impact as police nationwide were briefed during roll calls , new procedures were issued and prosecutors discussed the potential impact to possibly thousands of pending court cases . From Los Angeles to New York , and in San Diego , Chicago and Houston , departments met to discuss the unanimous ruling issued Wednesday , June 25 , 2014 , that prohibits law enforcement from searching an arrestees ' cell phone without a warrant unless a person 's safety or life may be in danger and could make it harder for officers to quickly find incriminating evidence . Jose Luis Magana AP
The creator of one of the videogame industry 's biggest franchises is moving on : “ BioShock ” creator Ken Levine said Tuesday he is shutting down Irrational Games to create “ a smaller , more entrepreneurial endeavor ” at Take-Two Interactive to producer narrative-heavy games that will be released on digital platforms .
“ While I 'm deeply proud of what we 've accomplished together , my passion has turned to making a different kind of game than we 've done before , ” Levine wrote on Irrational Games ' website Tuesday . “ To meet the challenge ahead , I need to refocus my energy on a smaller team with a flatter structure and a more direct relationship with gamers . In many ways , it will be a return to how we started : a small team making games for the core gaming audience . ”
Levine added that he now wants “ to make narrative-driven games for the core gamer that are highly replayable ” and to “ foster the most direct relationship with our fans possible , we will focus exclusively on content delivered digitally . ”
He will form his new venture with 15 staffers from Irrational .
Levine founded Boston-based Irrational in 1997 with Jonathan Chey and Robert Fermie . While “ BioShock ” was a hit , and was almost turned into a big-budget tentpole film at Universal , the latest installment , “ BioShock Infinite , ” suffered delays , cost overruns and features that had to be eliminated in order for it to be released .
Take-Two will take over control of the “ BioShock ” franchise , for which Irrational recently produced the downloadable “ BioShock Infinite : Burial at Sea , ” which is broken up into two episodes . In a teaser to “ Burial at Sea 's ” second episode release , Levine suggested that the add-on will provide closure for the “ Infinite ” story and the larger “ BioShock ” universe .
( Reuters ) - Fast food chain McDonald 's Corp said on Thursday it would make its popular “ Quarter Pounder ” hamburgers with fresh beef , prepared when ordered , by mid-2018 in most of its U.S. restaurants .
A meal consisting of a Quarter Pounder hamburger , french fries and soft-drink is pictured at a McDonald 's restaurant in Los Angeles , California July 23 , 2008 . REUTERS/Fred Prouser
Investors and analysts said the move , which would compete with rival Wendy 's Co 's promise of “ fresh never frozen beef ” , could bolster sales but would require restaurant operators to make changes to cooking routines that could slow service .
It was not immediately clear what impact the use of fresh beef would have on margins at McDonald 's USA , which does not disclose what percentage of sales come from the Quarter Pounder .
McDonald 's U.S. restaurants have suffered four straight years of traffic declines , resulting in 500 million lost transactions since 2012 .
The multiyear turnaround plan launched by Chief Executive Steve Easterbrook has included menu changes that address consumers ' demands for fresher , simpler food .
To that end , its U.S. restaurants have swapped butter for margarine in Egg McMuffins and stopped buying chicken meat from birds raised with antibiotics important to human health .
“ They 're trying to get people to give them another shot , ” said Trip Miller , managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners , which holds 20,000 McDonald 's shares .
The question is whether the change will slow down service at restaurants , which are used to cooking frozen beef patties then holding them for use as needed , Miller said .
Diners “ say they want fresh and healthier , but they want it faster than ever , ” he said .
Morningstar analyst R.J. Hottovy said the move to fresh beef could lift sales , although likely not to the degree associated with all-day breakfast after its debut in late 2015 .
“ I do n't think it will move the needle like all-day breakfast did , ” said Hottovy , who noted that the switch also will require restaurants to train workers how to safely handle fresh meat .
Wendy 's teased its bigger rival with a Twitter message reading : “ @ McDonald 's So you 'll still use frozen beef in MOST of your burgers in ALL of your restaurants ? Asking for a friend . ”
McDonald 's said it tested the new Quarter Pounders in about 400 restaurants in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
John Nalivka , president of meat consultancy Sterling Marketing , said there is not yet enough information on the quantity and cost of the fresh beef McDonald 's would be buying to know how that could affect the beef market or the company 's margins .
Tomorrow night Tennessee will wrap up the first full weekend of college football in the second Chick-fil-A Kickoff game in Atlanta 's new stadium , against Georgia Tech . Vols head coach Butch Jones is looking forward to the game , but is already suggesting the Yellow Jackets may have the edge by experiencing the brand-new football mecca in person for a full practice session .
“ They already have an advantage on us because we were told that they were inside the dome practicing with full pads for a two-hour practice ( Tuesday ) , ” Jones said , according to the Associated Press . “ They got a phone call . We 'll have to make the most of our walkthrough on Sunday when we get there , and I know our players are looking forward to it . ”
How much of an advantage it is for Georgia Tech allegedly getting a practice in at the new stadium remains in question , but the allure of a brand-new stadium is something to be at least mildly concerned about . The fancy video screen wrapping around the stadium could draw wandering eyes at times , but when the game begins the focus is still on what is happening on the field .
Georgia Tech getting a chance to workout on the field is hardly surprising giving the distance between the new stadium and Georgia Tech 's campus . And why would n't Georgia Tech want to take advantage of the opportunity to get in some reps at the new stadium when given the chance ?
Tennessee 's biggest problem wo n't be that Georgia Tech got to practice in the stadium already as much as it will be trying to slow down the signature triple option offense employed by Georgia Tech , and overcoming the loss of a pair of key starters .
Follow @ KevinOnCFB
After 30 years on the scene , Green Day have finally broken through the last barrier on their path to stardom : daytime television . The greatest pop punk band of all time made their daytime debut today on Ellen , checking the accomplishment off their list while simultaneously fulfilling a desire Ellen DeGeneres admits she 's had since launching the show 12 years ago .
Though there to support their new album , Revolution Radio , they actually opened with their classic “ American Idiot ” . They even included a dig at President Elect-Trump — though much more subtly than they did at the AMAs — by changing the final line in the first verse to “ And can you hear the sound of hysteria ? / The subliminal mind-Trump America. ” They also performed their latest alt-radio hit “ Still Breathing ” ; watch that below , and find the “ American Idiot ” video above .
Taking direct aim at his Republican critics , President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE promised Saturday there would be no additional bailouts offered to the financial industry .
`` Never again will taxpayers be on the hook because a financial company is deemed 'too big to fail , ' '' he said in his weekly address .
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate Minority Leader ( R-Ky. ) took to the Senate floor this week and said the Democrats ' pending financial regulatory reform bill in the Senate `` not only allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of Wall Street banks , it institutionalizes them . `` Obama said McConnell made a `` cynical and deceptive assertion . `` `` He knows that it would do just the opposite , '' Obama said . `` Every day we do n't act , the same system that led to bailouts remains in place -- with the exact same loopholes and the exact same liabilities . And if we do n't change what led to the crisis , we 'll doom ourselves to repeat it . That 's the truth . `` `` Opposing reform will leave taxpayers on the hook if a crisis like this ever happens again , '' he added.Obama said a `` failure of responsibility '' from Wall Street and Washington cost the country `` 8 million jobs lost , trillions in savings erased [ and ] countless dreams diminished or denied . `` Obama said the Democrats ' financial reform will close the `` loopholes '' that led to the economic crisis . `` It 's these loopholes that allowed executives to take risks that not only endangered their companies , but also our entire economy , '' he said . `` And we 're going to put in place new rules so that big banks and financial institutions will pay for the bad decisions they make -- not taxpayers . `` He closed by saying , `` We will hold Wall Street accountable . ''
Survival in this world is most difficult , especially if you were n't born into a well off privileged family .
Many people in this world do n't have food , water , or shelter . Yet , there are many people in this world that have more than enough food , water , and shelter . Why is that ? I have an answer for you , it 's simple , because of capitalism .
Capitalism is a mode of production based on private ownership and greed as a means of production . Capitalists produce commodities for the exchange market and to stay competitive must extract as much labor from the workers as possible at the lowest possible cost . The interest of capitalism is to pay the workers as little as possible to make a large profit . In other words capitalism is the exploitation of the workers . ( hesta )
Capitalism is what creates the environment in this world where a majority of us are just struggling to survive . We or the US do not have the ability to just go out and fully enjoy life by spending our Thanksgiving buying away at retail stores . We can not afford to because many of us would be choosing from either paying bills or feeding ourselves or our children . In this world , there is about 1 % of the world 's population that owns 40 % of the world 's wealth , there are about 34,000 children dying every day from poverty and preventable diseases , and there are about 50 % of the world 's population living on less than 2 and a half dollar each day . ( theguardian )
I personally am effected by the destruction of capitalism . I grew up with a family that would rather spend their money out buying things then saving their dollars to help pay for my college education or to help pay for my future medical expenses even though they knew very well that one day I would need a kidney transplant . ( I am trying very hard to not bash anyone in particular )
Even , when I was in high school capitalism was hurting me . I needed to get a job to help pay for things I needed and as any high school student wants to have money to spend on things that they want , which I know is a form of greed . Thus , I got a job at Burger King and I was paid $ 5.55 an hour . You know , for just a part-time after school job it was n't the worst but still that was very little . I barely had any money to do anything with . Then , I get to 11th grade , now I really need to take care of myself with buying food , paying for things for school , and then paying for gas to get to work . Thus , I get a job at SpeeDee , paying at $ 8.00 . That is over the minimum wage at that time , but it still is n't nearly enough for me to pay for my pills which were n't a lot and buy food , plus pay for gas to get to work . I could n't save any money and I worked every day of the week and on holidays . Then , we get to my Senior year in high school , now , I am needing to fully take care of myself and I was making $ 7.75 at JCPenney . Again , barely was making it . All of this was because of capitalism and how these private ownerships were exploiting me to get the most labor out of me while paying me the bare minimum .
Yes , I am a survivor of my illness but not of capitalism . Capitalism is literally killing our children . It is starving our elders . Capitalism is killing God 's creation .
This leads me to what I believe we can do to end the starvation , and exploitation .
I believe we need socialism and so does Albert Einstein ,
“ I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils , namely through the establishment of a socialist economy , accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals . In such an economy , the means of production are owned by society itself and are utilized in a planned fashion . A planned economy , which adjusts production to the needs of the community , would distribute the work to be done among all those able to work and would guarantee a livelihood to every man , woman , and child . The education of the individual , in addition to promoting his own innate abilities , would attempt to develop in him a sense of responsibility for his fellow men in place of the glorification of power and success in our present society . ( MontlyReview )
I am a strong supporter of Democratic Socialism . Democratic Socialists believe that both the economy and society should be run democratically to meet public needs , not make profits for a few . We do not want to create an all-powerful government bureaucracy . We believe that social and economic decision should be made by those whom they most affect .
I believe that a people have a right to a job , education , healthcare , secure retirement , living wage , in addition to civil rights . I believe that socialism is the extension of democracy to all parts of society . Leading to the general improvement of humanity .
While , I am aware , that we can not just throw capitalism in the trash over night , I do believe that we can take steps to ease the hardships of millions of people . I believe some steps that we can take is passage of H.R . 676 the Single Payer Health care Plan , H.R . 1010 the Fair Minimum Wage Act , and passage of right to strike bills .
Please visit forwardequality.wordpress.com to learn more about progressive issues and ways to act .
Getty Images Most German workers get a paid week off every year to polish their skills or learn new ones . But few people take the opportunity .
There 's something to be said for German efficiency .
Germans have more average annual vacation — six weeks per year plus public holidays — than any other nation in Europe and still have the bloc 's strongest economy . On top of that , most employees are entitled to five paid working days off per year to undergo training , known as Bildungsurlaub . That 's the law in most states .
So how might workers spend their time ? They could take a Chinese course in Beijing , pursue Italian studies in Sicily , or enroll in a computer course in a seaside town . The training does n't have to be technical or academic either , so long as it 's approved by the state you live in .
Skills developed on a Bildungsurlaub—literally , “ training vacation ” — need not translate directly to your job . Approved programs include visits to historical sites like the Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald or tours of underground bunkers in Berlin .
Wanted Sri Lankan 'terrorist ' walks into French police station
Posted
A Sri Lankan man wanted on an international arrest warrant for terrorism has been discovered in France by accident , after he walked into a police station to complain about poor working conditions .
Judicial sources say Jeyanthan Tharmalingam , 35 , went to police in eastern Paris last Thursday to give a statement in a case about illegal employment in which he was a victim .
But police quickly realised he was the subject of `` an international arrest warrant for terrorism '' , a police source said on condition of anonymity .
Tharmalingam has appeared before a Paris court where he was notified of the warrant against him before being released on bail .
He is alleged to be a member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam which waged a 37-year long separatist war that left at least 100,000 dead , according to UN estimates , and was defeated by the army in 2009 .
He is listed on the Interpol website as wanted for terrorism .
AFP
Topics : terrorism , offbeat , unrest-conflict-and-war , france , sri-lanka , asia
Many thanks to VitalJuiceLA for seeking out ( via their twitter ) the healthier alternative to Circle B Kitchen 's Avocado Fries I posted earlier .
This adaption ( and photo ) is from Beth 's blog – Adventures in Cooking . She claims they are amazing and I believe her . She even took a pic to show you how crunch they are .
BAKED AVOCADO FRIES
You 'll need :
1/4 cup flour
1 tsp kosher salt
2 large eggs , beaten
1 1/4 cups panko ( Japanese bread crumbs )
2 firm-ripe medium avocados , pitted , peeled , and sliced into 1/2-in . wedges
Grated parmesan for serving ( optional ) Mary Note : Not optional in my opinion .
Simply :
Preheat oven to 450 .
Coat avocado slices in the four , then egg , then panko . Spread on a cooling rack that has been sprayed with non-stick spray , then place on a cookie sheet . Spray the top of the wedges with olive oil and sprinkle with salt , then bake for about 20 minutes at 450 , or until they are golden brown ( I turned my oven up to 500 for the last 5 minutes ) .
Cannabis plus alcohol is one of the most frequently detected drug combinations in car accidents , yet the interaction of these two compounds is still poorly understood . A study appearing online in Clinical Chemistry , the journal of AACC , shows for the first time that the simultaneous use of alcohol and cannabis produces significantly higher blood concentrations of cannabis 's main psychoactive constituent , Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , as well as THC 's primary active metabolite , 11-hydroxy-THC ( 11-OH-THC ) , than cannabis use alone .
Currently , 23 states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical cannabis , and Colorado , Washington , Oregon , and Alaska have decriminalized recreational cannabis use . As cannabis becomes more widely accessible , the verdict remains out on whether cannabis intoxication increases the risk of car accidents . Experts agree , however , that the combination of cannabis and alcohol raises the chance of crashing more than either substance by itself . In a study of 1,882 motor vehicle deaths , the U.S. Department of Transportation found an increased accident risk of 0.7 for cannabis use , 7.4 for alcohol use , and 8.4 for cannabis and alcohol use combined .
To shed light on the ways in which cannabis and alcohol interact to negatively impact driving , a group of researchers studied 19 adult participants who drank placebo or low-dose alcohol ( with a target peak breath-alcohol concentration of approximately 0.065 % ) 10 minutes prior to inhaling 500 mg of placebo , low-dose ( 2.9 % THC ) , or high-dose ( 6.7 % THC ) vaporized cannabis . The researchers found that with no alcohol , the median maximum blood concentrations for low and high THC doses were 32.7 and 42.2 µg/L THC , respectively , and 2.8 and 5.0 µg/L 11-OH-THC . With alcohol , the median maximum blood concentrations for low and high THC doses were 35.3 and 67.5 µg/L THC and 3.7 and 6.0 µg/L 11-OH-THC -- which is significantly higher than without alcohol .
`` The significantly higher blood THC and 11-OH-THC [ median maximum concentration ] values with alcohol possibly explain increased performance impairment observed from cannabis-alcohol combinations , '' said lead study author Marilyn A. Huestis , PhD , of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , Baltimore , Maryland . `` Our results will help facilitate forensic interpretation and inform the debate on drugged driving legislation . ''
The federal government is taking another step it says would make the US homeland safer from terrorism . US border authorities are proposing that millions of tourists entering the country each year reveal their social media identities .
The proposal from US Customs and Border Protection , announced last week in the Federal Register , would add a line to the online or paper form that US-bound visitors must fill out if they do n't have a visa and plan on staying for up to 90 days for vacation , business , or other affairs . The agency says travelers coming to the US under the Visa Waiver Program wo n't be forced to disclose their social media handles , but leaving it blank obviously could raise red flags .
Here 's what will be asked : `` Please enter information associated with your online presence—Provider/Platform—Social media identifier . '' This field does n't call for additional information such as passwords , but it 's likely to yield many if applicants are n't paying attention and overshare .
`` It will be an optional data field to request social media identifiers to be used for vetting purposes , as well as applicant contact information , '' the government said on the Federal Register . `` Collecting social media data will enhance the existing investigative process and provide DHS greater clarity and visibility to possible nefarious activity and connections by providing an additional tool set which analysts and investigators may use to better analyze and investigate the case . ''
The agency said the form travelers fill out enables `` the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) to perform its mission related to the screening of alien visitors for potential risks to national security and the determination of admissibility to the United States . ''
The proposal comes six months after President Barack Obama signed the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 that added other questions to US-bound travelers . The form now asks applicants about which countries they 've been to after March 1 , 2011 . It also asks which countries they are nationals or citizens of and for which nations they have passports and Global Entry codes .
The government is taking comments on the proposal until August 22 . They can be snail-mailed to US Customs and Border Protection , Attn : Paperwork Reduction Act Officer , Regulations and Rulings , Office of Trade , 90 K Street NE. , 10th Floor , Washington , DC 20229-1177 .
The move would also grant a C.I.A . push for permission to expand its program of covert drone strikes , which has included occasional attacks in Yemen and Syria but has largely centered on the tribal region of Pakistan , to Afghanistan — until now the exclusive purview of the military .
A cabinet-level committee of the top leaders of national-security agencies and departments approved the proposed new rules — called the P.S.P. , for “ Principles , Standards and Procedures ” — at a meeting on Sept. 14 and sent the document to Mr. Trump , the officials said . They spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe sensitive discussions about a policy that is not yet final or public . A spokesman for the National Security Council did not contest their account but declined to comment .
One senior administration official described the proposed changes as primarily aimed at making much of the “ bureaucracy ” created by Mr. Obama 's 2013 rules , the Presidential Policy Guidance , or P.P.G. , “ disappear . ”
The official argued that the replacement rules should be seen as similar to Mr. Obama 's but clearer and less bureaucratic — meaning drone operators and commanders would face fewer internal hurdles to launching specific strikes or raids .
By clearing the way to target rank-and-file Islamist insurgents even without the presence of a high-level leader focused on attacking Americans , the new approach would appear to remove some obstacles for possible strikes in countries where Qaeda- or Islamic State-linked militants are operating , from Nigeria to the Philippines .
However , the new plan would still require higher-level approval to start conducting strikes or raids in new countries under “ country plans ” that would be reviewed every 12 months . And under international law , the United States would probably also still need to obtain consent from a country 's leaders to use force on their soil to strike at lower-level militants who pose no direct threat to the United States , weakening any self-defense argument .
Even before Mr. Obama left office , the evolving terrorism threat put pressure on the limits that were imposed in 2013 . At the time , Al Qaeda was still reeling from the killing of Osama bin Laden , combat troops had left Iraq and were being reduced in Afghanistan , and operations outside war theaters seemed destined to be limited to occasional airstrikes aimed at individual “ high-value targets ” in Pakistan and Yemen , such as Qaeda leaders .
Over the last couple years an early Autococker with serial 5501 and “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” acid etched on the side has surfaced multiple times . Originally etched for Darryl Trent of the Ironmen by WGP in late 1990 or early 1991 , this Autococker has been heavily modified from its stock configuration .
Posted to several paintball forums by a paintballer in Norway , Darryl 's Autococker appeared to have an early 90s P block cut done to the body / back block , as well as Belsales components added . In the instances this unique Autococker had been posted , the owner asked about changing pieces , value and history .
Here is one link on Tech PB :
http : //www.techpb.com/forum/topic/66099-date-a-cocker/
Asking Darryl about this Autococker 's History
When I initially saw this Autococker posted back in 2010 I asked Darryl Trent , if he had any details on it . Darryl told me that this marker was stolen from him along with his gear bag while traveling in Europe . Also taken was a bandana head wrap he had silkscreened with Ironmen skulls and crossbones , which he frequently wore in early 1990s photos . Darryl also commented that he was really upset to see how it was modified since it left his possession . When he had last seen this Autococker it used the stock full back block , had an uncut trigger frame , and used the stock pneumatics ( with possibly a Rock reg ) .
Darryl 's Ironmen Autococker in 2016
A couple months back while browsing old Paintball Games International magazines I saw a photo of an unnamed player holding with the same Autococker ! Post back block conversion , but prior to the addition of Belsales pneumatics . The trigger guard is also uncut . I made a mental note to scan the magazine and threw it back in whatever unsorted box it came in .
Two weeks ago this same “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” Autococker was posted for sale on http : //www.customcockers.com by the same paintballer in Norway , Simon Aslund .
I spent a couple hours searching for the Paintball Games International and shot the photo quickly with my phone and sent it over to Darryl , along with the Custom Cockers link to see if he wanted to try and import it back into the US . The ad had been up for a day so I figured any efforts were probably too late , but I emailed the seller regardless .
The next day I talked to Darryl on the phone . Still very adamant about his feelings on the backblock cuts and other modifications , he did remember a few details after seeing the PGI photo .
Darryl recalled that his earlier memories of this cocker being stolen were incorrect . He remembered letting a UK player stay with him in Northern California in the early to mid 1990s and at that time either gave , sold or traded this Autococker away . Darryl told me if I was interested in it for my collection to go for it . Later that night Simon emailed that the cocker was still available and I sent over payment .
The next day , Simon Aslund shipped it off from Norway and I started looking into the history and modifications of the “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” Autococker .
History :
During the 1990 paintball season the Ironmen began transitioning from their Line SI sponsorship to shooting a mix of Bushmasters , Palmer 's Pursuit Shop Hurricanes and WGP Snipers . Carpet Bob , Marty Bush , Chip Hyde , Rick Cendejas , and Bob Long won the 1990 5 man Line SI Masters in October 1990 with this mix or markers .
Going into late 1990 / early 1991 the Ironmen began talks with Bud Orr on a full WGP sponsorship , and shortly after began receiving markers from Bud . This would be sometime between October 1990 ( Masters ) and the March 1991 Lone Star Open , ( where the Ironmen premiered the Autococker ) .
During this period from late 1990 until March 1991 a few Ironmen members received their first WGP sponsored markers . Ironmen player Alexander “ Zander ” Rose received his first sponsored marker from Bud Orr , a Sniper II , with a serial of 5800 , prior to the March 91 Lone Star Open .
Zander recalled the history of the above pictured Sniper 2 in an email from September , 2015 . He writes , “ The Sniper is serial number 5800 and I remember Bud pulled that even number body for me specifically and had my name etched in it. ” And he goes on , “ I do n't remember [ the exact date ] but I know it predated the Autocockers for sure . I believe it got pulled when we were just getting to know Bud before the full sponsorship and the prototype cockers in 91 . ”
Acid Etching from WGP
Acid etching does n't turn out as clean as laser engraving and the edges are n't super crisp , but sort of fall away as a gradual transition into the anodizing . A few feet away the letters look clean , but under closer examination the edges are n't sharp .
I asked Bud Orr about the acid etching on Zander and Trent 's Ironmen Autocockers and he replied , “ I think Jr [ , Harold Bruce , who worked for WGP , ] did do the acid [ etching ] job on them . ”
Based on Zander 's Sniper 2 's similarities , I had assumed this paintgun would have been given to Darryl as a pump , but talking to Darryl he does n't remember shooting any WGP pump markers on the Ironmen . He explains that he moved from his Line SI Bushmaster , now owned by Tony Meno ( video above ) , to the Prototype Autococker used at the 1991 Lone Star Open .
Darryl remembers that Zander , Marty Bush , and James Walsh were the players who would have continued to use Sniper II pumps after the team switched over to WGP markers from Line SI Bushmasters .
Based on the similarities in the engraving , The “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” Autococker was likely given to Darryl by Worr Game Products in late 1990 to early 1991 . The three likely possibilities for this Autococker are :
•Received as a Sniper II and not used and then converted to a Autococker for the 1991 Lone Star Open .
•Received for the 1991 Lone Star Open .
•Given to Darryl after the Lone Star Open but during 1991 .
Darryl also explained to me that he owned several Autocockers during 1991 and 1992 , so it 's unclear how much he might have used this particular Autococker . He thought it could be the same Autococker pictured in his WGP / Tiger Stripe / Nasty Boys ad , but really , without seeing the serial number or engraving that can not be proven .
Post Ironmen Modifications at MDS ( Marcus Davis Supplies )
The “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” autococker is covered with various body cuts machined post 1991 , which can either be a huge turn off , or really neat if you think about the continued history .
Researching the backblock cuts I recognized similarities to a style posted on the Old School Paintball Guns group and the Old Age Paintball Paintball Gun group on facebook . Two UK players , Richard Power and Tim Iline , had posted several old Autocockers with nearly identical cuts .
Power played on Dragon Company and Iline worked for Marcus Davis Supplies ( MDS ) doing modifications on Nelsons , Sterlings , Automags and Autocockers .
I sent photos to Tim Iline , who confirmed that “ The block & bolt certainly looks like my work . ”
Iline 's modifications include the “ P block , diffuser bolt , the pin system seen , timing adjustment through the top of the body , Nelspot springing , hi flow valves , etc . ”
Inspecting the photos of the Autococker he remarks , “ Darryl 's gun looks like it has the hole in the body for the hammer lock screw that I used to do before using nylon screws in the side of the hammer . I also started using 1/4 in . dia screws instead of 3/16 , in the hammer , with the fronts turned down to fit in the slot in the body , though I believe that was Danny Love 's idea before mine . ”
Belsales Components
The LPR , beavertail and switch were all replacement component from Belsales and not part of the work done by Iline at MDS .
The brass switch is unique , and is 94/95 aftermarket Belsales 3 way , with the barbs spaced close together , similar to the early aftermarket switches that Russell Breeden , of RKB Engineering , designed .
I explained what I had discovered about the modifications to the seller , Simen Aslund , and he replied that a while back someone recommended emailing Belsales , to see if the body was modified by them . They wrote back the following :
“ No we did n't produce this gun . It looks like its one of the original California Ironmen WGP sponsorship guns issued to Darryl Trent . I have seen this gun before but a very long time ago . I think Darryl either gave it or more likely sold it to someone in the UK .
Although it was n't produced by us it has a Twister end cap hence the Evolution sticker . ”
By “ Produce this gun , ” I believe the Belsales employee was referring to the body cuts done by Iline at MDS .
History determined upon arrival , back in California
Once I received the Autococker I started asking around for clues as to who might be holding the “ DARRYL IRONMEN CALIFORNIA ” Autococker in the June 1996 PGI photo . Was it the UK player Darryl traded/sold it to ?
I posted two photos of Darryl 's cocker , along with the June 1996 PGI photo to the Old Age Paintballers facebook group . Almost immediately I started receiving extremely detailed responses .
Paintballing Gladiators
Paul Cross and Mark Howes replied , and Cross posted an article in PGI covering the Russian Gladiator Television show visiting the UK and playing paintball . The player holding Darryl 's cocker was a contestant / actors on the show .
The Previous Owner , James Tristan Hewitt of Rage and NWC
And the following day , September 25th , James Tristan Hewitt replied that Darryl gave the Autococker to him in late 1992 !
Hewitt , who was playing for UK Rage at the time ( c.1992 ) commented :
“ So I was the original player who Darryl gave the gun to [ in late 1992 ] . Had a holiday up in Petaluma , [ California ] with some friends and partied with for a few days after meeting at Nashville Masters .
I had the block chopped and detent fitted .
Sold when I was short of cash , man I 'd like it back .
Tim Tighe from PGI borrowed it for Gladiator photo shoot at Paintball , Kidderminster . ”
And Hewitt continues that he
Hewitt used this cocker on Rage at the Mayhem Master in 1993 , where they made the semi finals . Rage disbanded in 1994 and Hewitt went to play for Nam Wreckin ' Crew ( NWC ) , who he won the Mayhem Master with in 1996 .
Hewitt sold this cocker in 1995/96 to “ Tim , from Team Librarians. ” “ Tim ” may have had Belsales upgrade the components , including the Twister Reg cap , beavertail ( not pictured ) and switch .
1994-2010 ?
Between 1994 and 2010 this cocker made its way to Norway , where Simen traded for it . He remembers , “ I traded it for an [ Dangerous Power ] G3 , 4 or 5 years ago from a guy here in Norway . Had some troubles get it shooting so the lpr , asa and main reg was taken off a [ 2003 Autococker ] . ”
I switched the Lpr back to the Sledgehammer with Twister cap back before the photos .
The Future
In the future I will be removing the regulator , bottomine and grip frame and then replacing them with a stock frame with an Air America Expansion Chamber or Unireg ( not sure if I want to go HPA or co2 ) . I 'll use an uncut guard WGP frame and either a bottomline or a Fred Shultz Signature Series bottomline mounted Air America ( pre Raptor ) system . Or maybe a Tsunami regulator system with an aluminum bottom .
Giant thanks to everyone that helped with this article , Darryl Trent , Paul Cross , James Tristan Hewitt , Tim Iline , Richard Power , Simon Aslund , Bud Orr and Mark Howes .
Find more articles on Darryl Trent 's paintball history at :
https : //paintballhistory.com/tag/darryl-trent
And more on the Ironmen at :
https : //paintballhistory.com/tag/Ironmen
And more Autococker articles at :
https : //paintballhistory.com/tag/autococker
I appear this evening as a thief and a robber .
I stole this head , these limbs , this body from my master , and ran off with them . – Frederick Douglass
Humour humbles us and takes us out to the dance . It makes itself useful by functioning as a tool of unconscious analysis that can suspend internal bias , and offer alternative methods of tackling sticky subjects . Director Taiki Waititi knows this . His recent film , Hunt for the Wilderpeople ( HFTW ) , delicately deploys humour to pick at the foundations of the judicial system of New Zealand , where the film is set . Through the experiences of young Māori boy Ricky Baker , and his relationship with his begrudging foster father ( or ‘ uncle ' ) Hec , the film examines the impact of the judicial system on the country 's children , particularly Māori youth , and the history of colonisation that continues to perpetuate disconnection and trauma in Te Ao Māori ( the Māori world ) .
Despite the strong sociopolitical undercurrents , the film is not dragged down by didacticism . Waititi is so brilliant at biting satire that the film is funny , heartwarming and does n't leave the viewer feeling cynical or hopeless .
Initial impressions may border on associations with kitschy , indie movies like Where the Wild Things Are , HFTW hints at something more structural and political – but an understanding of New Zealand 's colonial history , the oppression of Māori and the pervasive inequalities that linger on to this day would prove beneficial to anyone watching the film , and watch it you must .
HFTW 's real-world political critiques occur in small moments throughout the film , but are perhaps most apparent in scenes like the short monologue where Ricky tells Hec why he does n't want to go back into foster care : ‘ there 's no more homes – just juvy . They do n't care about kids like me , they 're just moving us around until kids like Amber … ' Amber was Ricky 's best friend who , it is implied , died due to abuse and neglect .
It 's important to consider the relationship between Māori and the prison system , which is institutionally colonial : this system was created to incarcerate Māori who resisted British occupation . In New Zealand , as in many other countries , the primary victims of the prison–industrial complex are Indigenous ; indeed , the criminal justice system upholds white supremacy by criminalising and disproportionately arresting , charging and incarcerating Māori . Any examination of the carceral , therefore , must always start with an examination of the legacy and institutionalisation of colonialism . ( Note , we use carceral here instead of prison , or ‘ criminal justice ' . Prison is too specific , whereas carceral describes the broader criminal justice system ' of which prison is a part . It speaks to the idea that the function of prisons is not just located within prison walls but that the punitive mentality that creates prisons is pervasive in wider society .
The treatment of Ricky that Hunt for the Wilderpeople depicts – as a hooligan , a repeat offender , an animal , a threat or danger that must be caught and restrained – is evidence of the ingrained racism that targets young Māori men especially . Despite the claims of Paula ( the social worker tasked with ‘ hunting ' Ricky down ) that ‘ no child should be left behind ' , her treatment of Ricky does not stem from care and/or a sense of responsibility as much as it shows an exercise of state power and containment . Indeed , Paula 's repetitive refrain echoes the harmful mantra of the Bush administration 's education policies , which standardised learning and exacerbated the ‘ school-to-prison ' pipeline . The pipeline is a phenomenon in New Zealand as well .
Then there is the way Paula talks about Ricky ; for instance , ‘ He 's not just a child , he 's a spanner in the works ' – a reflection of the existing colonial mentality in New Zealand , where Māori children are treated as older and less innocent than their Pākehā counterparts . As Angie Han argues , Ricky and Hec ‘ are not people so much as problems to be solved . '
Throughout the film Waititi juxtaposes the ‘ natural ' and the 'artificial'/institutional/constructed , which can also be called the carceral . Compare the quiet opening scenes of a lone car making its way through lush terrain to the exaggerated chase that comes later . The ridiculousness of army tanks and various militia being deployed against Ricky are , in many ways , slapstick and absurd . Yet it clearly illustrates the US versus them mentality so evident in state power . The wilderness where Ricky and Hec initially retreat to , on the other hand , disarms them , offering protection , healing and guidance .
As it turns out , Ricky and Hec are both victims of the punitive criminal ( in ) justice system , which claims to bring order , but that is something the protagonists instead find in the bush . The film reveals how the ‘ justice ' systems may have the appearance of order and safety from chaos , but actually enacts violence and separation . The continued shifting and removing of Ricky from family to family is evidence of this , in stark contrast to when he encounters a Māori family in his travels and they offer him warmth , acceptance and solidarity . Ricky , clearly traumatised by an uncaring alienating carceral system finds solace in the company of other outsiders , far from the city . This is significant : urbanisation was a violent process for Māori , severing many traditional cultural and social formations . It is not a coincidence that the movie is set deep in the country : the bush is a space where Ricky and Hec are able to reconnect , and find whānau ( family ) , love and redemption .
Critics have called HFTW a ‘ mini-masterpiece ' and it 's the expertly travelled paths between these different themes that make it so , and despite exploring the experience of colonialism and the carceral in New Zealand , the film has universal themes . The success of the film in Australia and the US ( both settler-colonial states with racialised prison-industrial complexes ) makes sense .
Hunt for the Wilderpeople could have been a despairing film , but Waititi 's careful treatment and delivery instead offer alternative ways of seeing . It shows how connection can heal ingrained pain and trauma . The movie is even more admirable when we realise Ricky 's character goes beyond being just an avatar for grief and marginalisation : his salvation represents a quiet dream for a just future .
Packet Sniffing with PowerShell : Getting Started
Dr
Summary : Ed Wilson , Microsoft Scripting Guy , talks about getting started with packet sniffing in Windows PowerShell .
Microsoft Scripting Guy , Ed Wilson , is here . One of the way cool things that happened with Windows 8.1 and Windows Server 2012 R2 was the ability to do network traces with Windows PowerShell . I have found network tracing extremely useful and helpful in troubleshooting and diagnostics ever since I wrote my book , Network Monitoring and Analysis : A Protocol Approach to Troubleshooting .
In the past , I have used batch files , automated the NetMon API , and done all kinds of crazy things to try to automate capturing network traces and analyzing the data . Although the Network Event Packet Capture cmdlets have been around for at least a year , I have not written very much about them . The thing is that even though it is basic Windows PowerShell , it still takes a bit of time to figure out how to get started . This is because there are 27 cmdlets in the NetEventPacketCapture module :
PS C : \ > ( gcm -Module NetEventPacketCapture | measure ) .count
27
Here are the 27 cmdlets ( functions ) :
PS C : \ > gcm -Module NetEventPacketCapture | select name
Name
—-
Add-NetEventNetworkAdapter
Add-NetEventPacketCaptureProvider
Add-NetEventProvider
Add-NetEventVmNetworkAdapter
Add-NetEventVmSwitch
Add-NetEventWFPCaptureProvider
Get-NetEventNetworkAdapter
Get-NetEventPacketCaptureProvider
Get-NetEventProvider
Get-NetEventSession
Get-NetEventVmNetworkAdapter
Get-NetEventVmSwitch
Get-NetEventWFPCaptureProvider
New-NetEventSession
Remove-NetEventNetworkAdapter
Remove-NetEventPacketCaptureProvider
Remove-NetEventProvider
Remove-NetEventSession
Remove-NetEventVmNetworkAdapter
Remove-NetEventVmSwitch
Remove-NetEventWFPCaptureProvider
Set-NetEventPacketCaptureProvider
Set-NetEventProvider
Set-NetEventSession
Set-NetEventWFPCaptureProvider
Start-NetEventSession
Stop-NetEventSession
TechNet does a good job at describing the cmdlets , but there is also a pretty good chance that it will be rather cumbersome to figure out how to get started . I mean , how do I do a basic network trace ? How is that trace viewed ? How do I filter that trace to find useful information ? These are the sorts of things that I would need if I were going to do a network trace using Windows PowerShell . So , let 's get started .
Using an ETL log
This makes sense . With a gigabyte Ethernet ( or greater ) , there are lots of packets flying by on the wire . Many of them are encrypted , and I can learn nearly nothing by watching network packets fly past . Well , nearly nothing . I can , of course , tell if my laptop is seeing anything on the wire—but that is basically the same as looking to see if the light blinks on my network card .
As I have mentioned before , ETL logging is an extremely high performance logging interface that is capable of writing hundreds of events a second— just the thing if I want to do a network trace . And guess what ? Windows PowerShell already has a cmdlet that will read ETL logs—the Get-WinEvent cmdlet . So I do n't need anything else to be able to read my traces .
Six basic steps to perform a network trace
There are six basic steps required to perform a network trace :
Add a new network event session with New-NetEventSession . Add a network event provider to the session with New-NetEventProvider . Start the session with Start-NetEventSession . Get information about the session with Get-NetEventSession . Stop the network event session with Stop-NetEventSession . Remove the network event session with Remove-NetEventSession .
Step-by-step walkthrough
Now I will go through the six steps that are used to create a new network event tracing session .
Create a new session
The first thing I need to do is to create a new network event session . To do this , I use the New-NetEventSession cmdlet and specify a name for the session . Here is an example of this command :
New-NetEventSession -Name “ Session1 ”
When I run this command , I receive information such as where the log file will be and the size of file :
PS C : \ > New-NetEventSession -Name “ Session1 ”
Name : Session1
CaptureMode : SaveToFile
LocalFilePath : C : \Windows\system32\config\systemprofile\AppData\Local\NetEvent
Trace.etl
MaxFileSize : 250 MB
TraceBufferSize : 0 KB
MaxNumberOfBuffers : 0
SessionStatus : NotRunning
Add a provider
The second thing I need to do is to add a provider to the network event session . To do this , I need to know two things :
The name of the session ( in my case , session1 )
The name of a provider
I can use the Get-EtwTraceProvider cmdlet ; but unfortunately , it only lists GUIDs and not much more information . So I can use the Logman.exe to query for providers :
logman query providers
This command brings back pages of providers , so I can either scroll through it or use Select-String to help me find what I need . That is right . I can pipe the output from the executable directly to Select-String . This is shown here :
PS C : \Windows\system32 > logman query providers | select-string tcp
Microsoft-Windows-TCPIP { 2F07E2EE-15DB-40F1-90EF-9D7BA282188A }
Microsoft-Windows-Tcpip-SQM-Provider { C8F7689F-3692-4D66-B0C0-9536D21082C9 }
TCPIP Service Trace { EB004A05-9B1A-11D4-9123-0050047759BC }
I want to use the Microsoft-Windows-TCPIP provider , and my command is shown here :
PS C : \ > Add-NetEventProvider -Name “ Microsoft-Windows-TCPIP ” -SessionName “ Session1 ”
Name : Microsoft-Windows-TCPIP
SessionName : Session1
Level : 4
MatchAnyKeyword : 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
MatchAllKeyword : 0x0
Start the session
Now I need to start the network trace session . I use the Start-NetEventSession cmdlet and specify my session name . Note that nothing returns from the following command :
PS C : \ > Start-NetEventSession -Name “ Session1 ”
Get the session
I want to get information about my session . To do this , I use the Get-NetEventSession cmdlet :
PS C : \ > Get-NetEventSession
Name : Session1
CaptureMode : SaveToFile
LocalFilePath : C : \Windows\system32\config\systemprofile\AppData\Local\NetEvent
Trace.etl
MaxFileSize : 250 MB
TraceBufferSize : 64 KB
MaxNumberOfBuffers : 38
SessionStatus : Running
The Get-NetEventSession cmdlet tells me the location of the log file , so I probably want to store that and avoid a bit of typing . This is shown here :
$ s = Get-NetEventSession
Stop the session
Now it is time to stop the network trace session . To do this , I use Stop-NetEventSession and specify my session number . This command does not return any information :
PS C : \ > Stop-NetEventSession -Name session1
PS C : \ >
Remove the session
The last thing I need to do is to remove the session that I stopped . To do this , I use the Remove-NetEventSession cmdlet . It does not return any information either , so I use the Get-NetEventSession cmdlet to ensure that it did remove the session :
PS C : \ > Remove-NetEventSession
PS C : \ > Get-NetEventSession
PS C : \ >
Now you know how to use Windows PowerShell to get started making network traces . Join me tomorrow when I will talk about parsing the captured ETL log data .
I invite you to follow me on Twitter and Facebook . If you have any questions , send email to me at scripter @ microsoft.com , or post your questions on the Official Scripting Guys Forum . See you tomorrow . Until then , peace .
Ed Wilson , Microsoft Scripting Guy
In 2010 , self-taught , longtime home baker Rachel Midgette reached a crossroads : “ If I do n't start something , ” she thought , “ I 'm never going to. ” So she quit her job , opened a market stand , and , many cinnamon buns later , bid on a handsome 1884 building downtown . Having once served as Washington 's town hall , the building is now home to Rachel K 's Bakery . Think oatmeal cream pies and pecan sticky buns , Gruyère cheese bread and ham croissants , her aunt 's carrot cake and her grandmother 's chicken salad . Like her restoration of the building , Midgette 's menu builds on tradition : “ People come here because the chicken salad tastes just like their grandmother 's , ” she says . “ It 's nothing secret . It just takes time . ”
Feature Image : In addition to breads , pastries , coffee , and tea , Rachel Midgette 's bakery , Rachel K 's ( the K stands for her middle name , Kathleen ) , serves soups , salads , and sandwiches .
Rachel K 's Bakery
126 North Market Street , Washington , NC 27889
( 252 ) 946-2253 or rachelksbakery.com
BMW has confirmed that Mark Winterbottom will join DTM drivers Marco Wittmann and Timo Glock as it finalises crews for a two-car attack on the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour in February .
As previously reported , Winterbottom will crew the # 100 BMW Team SRM M6 GT3 entry alongside team leader Steve Richards while reigning DTM champion Wittmann is the prized European signing .
Ex-F1 and current DTM racer Timo Glock is a surprise inclusion in the Tony Longhurst-owned M6 , adding to the already announced line-up of Russell Ingall and Mark Skaife .
The star-studded BMW line-up sees Winterbottom take his first plunge behind the wheel of a GT3 machine .
“ This is my first Bathurst 12 Hour , which is exciting . GT3 cars are obviously very cool to drive , and having all-professional line-ups in the top cars really makes it feel like a proper race to me , ” Winterbottom said .
“ It 's changed my whole view on it . To have all these well-credentialed drivers going at it for 12 Hours , that 's going to be very cool to be a part of . ”
Winterbottom and Richards have previously joined forces in the Bathurst 1000 with the pair winning the Great Race in 2013 .
“ ( 2013 ) that was the last time we raced there together , so we 're coming off the back of a win , technically , ” the 2015 Supercars champion said .
“ Steve and I have had a lot of cracks at Bathurst together . ”
Wittmann is a product of the Formula BMW category in Europe with the German gaining a DTM test role for the propeller badge in 2012 before being promoted to a race drive in 2013 .
“ It is very exciting for me to be making my first start at the Bathurst 12 Hour . I have never been to Australia before , so there are a lot of new things awaiting me . And I am really looking forward to them , ” Wittmann said .
Glock also cut his teeth in Formula BMW and won the GP2 Championship in 2007 before moving into his first full-time F1 season in 2008 with Toyota .
“ It is fantastic to be back racing in Australia after a few years away , ” Glock said .
“ I love the country and the people . I always travelled to Formula 1 races a week early , in order to do a bit of sightseeing . The Australian GP in Melbourne was my favourite race .
“ I have not driven at Bathurst before , but the circuit is legendary . I am really looking forward to the challenge and my first race in the BMW M6 GT3 . Hopefully we can get a good result for BMW and the team . ”
The # 100 Richards M6 suffered damage in the Australian GT Sprint final race last weekend , ruling it out of the Highlands 101 the following day .
The car was air freighted from Queenstown back to its Melbourne base in order to give the team a decent shot at repairing the damage ahead of its scheduled 12 Hour preparation outing at Challenge Bathurst from November 24-27 .
2013 was a huge year for Bitcoin headlines . The cryptocurrency on everybody 's lips experienced unprecedented growth of over $ 1000 ( $ 1238 on Mt.Gox ) only to plummet to just over $ 500 when Chinese authorities took a stance . When BTC China , the country 's number one Bitcoin trading site , announced they could no longer accept Chinese Yuan deposits , it was a massive blow for the virtual currency .
But does this herald the end for Bitcoin ? Is the currency resigned to a future of regulation , trading bans and bureaucratic red tape ? Is the Bitcoin bubble bursting or is this just a slight wobble ?
The answer to that question is not as clear-cut as you might think . Bitcoin is still trading strongly . Some experts believe the end is nigh whilst others believe Bitcoin to be strong enough to survive it 's tumbles despite China 's best efforts . Here we examine two schools of thought on the future of this digital currency and how things might play out .
Bitcoin Was Doomed To Fail From The Very Start
According to many of the deliverable foreign exchange brokers I personally work with , the view is that Bitcoin is limited , risky and unregulated and it is only a matter of time before regulation and trading restrictions turn off the lights for this digital currency forever . The truth ? They probably see it as a threat to their business model .
So my pals argue the point that a currency can not exist if there is no demand . A problem that Bitcoin has experienced from the beginning is its volatility in price and its limited supply . This lead many to distrust Bitcoin as a viable medium of exchange – users wanted to have some assurance that their currency would hold its value for at least a short time .
According to Edward Hadas of the NY Times , ‘ ‘ The developers of bitcoin are trying to show that money can be successfully privatized . They will fail , because money that is not issued by governments is always doomed to failure . Money is inevitably a tool of the state . ''
If we track back to November 2013 , things were going swimmingly . Bitcoin almost quadrupled in value and everybody wanted a piece of the virtual pie . Many people made some sound investments and cashed in at the right time . It was a great run and one that made the world sit up and take notice . This was a digital currency that was doing well on the markets and that people were buying in their droves . And then the story turned sour .
Following China clamping down on Bitcoin , many buyers started to panic , trying to either capture their gains or cut their losses . And who can blame them when Bitcoin was down to just above $ 500 and in danger of falling further ?
The Great Bitcoin Comeback
At the time of writing , Bitcoin is trading above $ 1000 again thanks to Zynga Inc . The supporters of Bitcoin no doubt thrilled , and my pals at the currency brokers less so . The Silicon Valley outfit announced they would start accepting the digital currency across their suite of online games . Zynga Inc is the company behind social gaming hits such as Farmville and Castleville so it is no surprise to see why trading rose so sharply .
And Zynga is n't the only company to get in on the act . More and more companies are starting to adopt Bitcoin and only last month , Overstock.com , a major online retailer announced Bitcoin would be rolled out as a payment option . You can now even use Bitcoins to travel to space , courtesy of Richard Branson .
Whether you are on the fence about Bitcoin or you have firm views on what the future holds , no other digital currency has captured so many headlines in such a short space of time . Can large corporations , online stores and online gaming giants hold the future for Bitcoin or is it only a matter of time before mass regulation pushes it back out of play .
One thing for sure , my friends at the deliverable foreign exchange brokerages certainly hope for the later .
Daniel Abrahams is the Co-Founder at MyCurrencyTransfer.com – the OPP award winning currency comparison website .
A major part of my thesisinvolves finding an algorithm to discover a good substring cover of text in order to properly syllabify said text . But what is the substring cover problem anyway and what does it entail ?
The Minimum Substring Cover Problem paper from Hermelin , Rawitz , Rizzi and Vialette dating back to 2007 ( judging by the filename ) serves as a good entry point into this topic .
There are actually a lot of cover problems , the most famous being Minimum Set Cover and Minimum Vertex Cover problems . In this type of problems we are faced with two sets of elements and we want to cover one of the sets with another , by using the “ least ” elements from the covering set . I put “ least ” in quotes because the definition depends on what we want – maybe we want to use the least number of elements , perhaps we want the shortest elements … whatever .
For an example consider this :
S = [ ' a ' , 'aab ' , 'aba ' ] C ( S ) = [ ' a ' , ' b ' , 'aa ' , 'ab ' , 'ba ' , 'aab ' , 'aba ' ]
We can easily see that C ( S ) is a set of all the possible coverings of S – using a combination of strings from C we can construct every string in S. This part is n't very difficult to calculate .
Everything gets slightly hairier when you look for minimum covers :
C_1 = [ ' a ' , ' b ' ] # 3-cover ( need 3 strings to cover the longest string in S ) C_2 = [ ' a ' , 'ab ' ] # 2-cover ( need 2 strings to cover the longest string in S )
Depending on how you choose the weight , both C_1 and C_2 are minimum substring covers of S. Considering “ least ” to mean least amount of strings then both are of weight 2 , but if you consider “ least ” to mean the total length of strings then C_1 is better .
You could easily argue C_2 is better , because it uses the least amount of elements to cover the whole set S. 1+3+3 = 7 for C_1 and 1+2+2 = 5 for C_2 .
Ok , so now we know that finding the minimum substring cover of a set of strings depends a whole lot on what you actually want . Always a good sign , having a well-known problem where people ca n't even agree on what the best solution looks like .
The paper goes on to explain in great theoretical detail that , because this problem is similar to minimum vertex cover , minimum set cover and similar problems , it is NP-hard to approximate . This means that the problem is at least as hard as the hardest problems in NP , but it does n't necessarily mean that there is no polynomial solution – it just has n't been found yet .
Luckily , if we constrain some parameters of the problem , it becomes/remains APX-hard – problems in this class have efficient algorithms that can find an answer within some fixed percentage of the optimal answer .
The article then proposes two approximation algorithms for finding minimum substring covers of S .
Local-Ratio Algorithms
This algorithm follows from the local-ratio lemma , which in the case of substring cover means
Let C be a cover for S , and let w_1 and w_2 be weight functions for C ( S ) . If C is an alpha-approximate , both with respect to w_1 and with respect to w_2 , then C is also alpha-approximate with respect to w_1+w_2 .
Data : A set of strings S , a weight function w : C ( S ) - > Q+ , an integer l > = 2 Result : An l-cover C for S ( l is the number of substrings covering the longest s in S ) begin C Data : A set of strings S , a weight function w : C ( S ) - > Q+ , an integer l > = 2 Result : An l-cover C for S ( l is the number of substrings covering the longest s in S ) begin C
This algorithm is guaranteed to terminate after a polynomial amount of recursive calls and it returns a ( ( ( m+1 ) binomial 2 ) – 1 ) -approximate l-cover of S .
In sensible terms the algorithm basically does this : Add everything with zero weight to a partial solution , if this is n't the solution , it selects an uncovered substring in S and tries to cover it by examining all substrings in C_s .
Linear Programming Rounding
Originally the linear programming rounding algorithm was developed by Hajiaghayi et all . for the Minimum Multicolored Subgraph problem when l=2 . It has now been expanded for any constant value of l .
This section is extremely light on practical results and just shows a bunch of mathematics that supposedly prove how the algorithm can be extended and that the final result is an O ( log^ ( 1/l ) n * m^ ( ( l/1 ) ^2/l ) ) -approximate algorithm .
From what I can understand this algorithm approaches the problem with the idea that they are basically looking for l-factorizations of strings .
According to this section , the minimum substring cover can be formulated using the following integer linear program :
min SUM_ ( c in C ( s ) ) w ( c ) x_c s.t . SUM_ ( f in F_l ( s ) ) y_f > = 1 every s in S SUM_ ( c in f in F_l ( s ) ) y_f
Then there are a bunch of proofs that this algorithm works and is indeed very awesome … but by this time my eyes started glazing over and the September deadline for my thesis started looking very near .
Related articles
Related
Learned something new ? Want to improve your skills ?
Join over 10,000 engineers just like you already improving their skills !
Here 's how it works 👇
Leave your email and I 'll send you an Interactive Modern JavaScript Cheatsheet 📖right away . After that you 'll get thoughtfully written emails every week about React , JavaScript , and your career . Lessons learned over my 20 years in the industry working with companies ranging from tiny startups to Fortune5 behemoths .
Get thoughtful letters💌 “ Man , I love your way of writing these newsletters . Often very relatable and funny perspectives about the mundane struggles of a dev . Lightens up my day . ~ Kostas ” Improve my career 💌 No spam . Unsubscribe at any time . ✌️ Powered By ConvertKit
PS : You should also follow me on Twitter 👉 here .
It 's where I go to shoot the shit about programming .
CLOSE Donald Trump is back in the No.1 spot in the latest USA TODAY GOP Power Rankings after last week 's San Bernardino shooting . Trump believes people are drawn to his confidence and that bad news in the world is good for him .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at the Republican Jewish Coalition Presidential Forum in Washington in December ( Photo : AP Photo/Susan Walsh )
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul 's presidential campaign said Tuesday he does not agree with Republican front-runner Donald Trump 's controversial call to bar Muslims from entering the U.S .
Trump drew condemnation Monday when he advocated for a “ total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States '' until federal officials can assure the public 's safety . The real estate mogul argued that all Muslims should be considered suspect , including refugees , immigrants and even Americans who practice Islam who are currently traveling abroad .
Asked for a reaction , Paul spokesman Sergio Gor bypassed addressing Trump 's plan and instead highlighted how Paul had proposed legislation in November to suspend visas for visitors , students and refugees from certain countries with `` significant jihadist movements . ''
`` Sen. Rand Paul has led on the issue of border security , proposing real solutions , '' Gor told The Courier-Journal on Tuesday . `` That 's why earlier this month he introduced legislation to block visitors and immigrants from nations with known radical elements while a new system is developed to screen properly . ''
The Paul campaign 's muted reaction was in contrast to other GOP presidential candidates who blasted Trump . Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush called Trump `` unhinged '' for proposing a religious test for admittance into the country , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said the statement was `` downright dangerous , '' and New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie called it `` ridiculous . ''
When asked if Paul condemned Trump 's statement , Gor said : `` Our focus is on our own solutions , but Sen. Paul disagrees with Trump 's proposal . ''
Paul 's measure did not specifically bar Muslims , but it did call for suspending all visas until the Department of Homeland Security certifies immigrants from “ high-risk countries ” already in the U.S. have been fingerprinted and screened . The hold would continue until enhanced security measures are in place to screen future applicants and a tracking system is put in place to catch those who overstay their visas .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
The legislation also would impose a 30-day waiting period for visas from all other countries and subject those individuals to a background check , unless the applicant has been approved through the Global Entry program .
Paul introduced similar legislation in 2013 .
Reporter Phillip M. Bailey can be reached at ( 502 ) 582-4475 or pbailey @ courier-journal.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //cjky.it/1QtwVHK
( third update )
A video showing a Catholic priest berating a 17-year-old unwed mother at her child 's baptismal ceremony in a chapel in Mandaue City , Cebu went viral after it was posted on Sunday on Facebook .
“ Makauulaw.Magpabunyag ka og walay bana . Nakig dug ka og laki nga dili nimo bana . Wala ma mauwaw Naka dungog ba na nako , dai ? Wala ka mauwaw ? ( How shameful . You come here to have your child baptized without a husband . You slept with a man who is not your husband . Do you hear me , girl ? Are n't you ashamed ? ) ” said the priest , identified as Fr . Romeo Obach of the Redemptorist congregation , in the video clip .
The girl , a college student , softly replied “ Mauwaw ” ( I 'm ashamed ) .
The video was taken by her sister and then posted by the baby 's grandmother Jieve in her Facebook account to express personal rage .
“ If I had known that my daughter would suffer such humiliation , I would not have let her push through with having her son baptized , ” said Jieve in her Facebook post .
The Redemptorist community in Cebu is expected to issue a statement on the controversy today .
Reached for comment last night , Fr . Alfonso Suico Jr. , who was designated spokesman for the purpose , said he still has to investigate the matter and speak with the parties as he was still in Mindanao and due to arrive today .
“ We will be addressing the matter accordingly at the appropriate time and place . I am still in Cagayan de Oro and will be in Cebu ( today ) . I 'm not at liberty to make a statement now . We will be announcing our official statement , ” Suico told Cebu Daily News .
Fr . Obach was not in the chapel when reporters went there to get his side . Caretakers of the chapel said Obach only drops by and lives in a seminary elsewhere .
APOLOGY
When Cebu Daily News visited the girl 's family at home , the baby 's 37-year-old grandmother , who is a barangay tanod in Mandaue , said they plan to see the Women 's Desk of the Basak Police Station to file a complaint .
“ We want him ( Fr . Obach ) to apologize on the Internet where there are one million ‘ likes ' ” , said Jieve .
She tearfully recounted the baptism attended by family and visitors , about 50 in all , who came for the 10 a.m. event at the Sacred Heart Chaplainicy in barangay Jabogiao , Mandaue .
“ Mosabot ra man mi kung makasab-an sa pari pero gibastos ug gipaka-uwawan man mi niya atubangan sa daghang mga tawo . Kahilakon kaayo ko nga naminaw , ” she said .
( We would have understood being scolded by the priest but he was humiliating us in front of people . I really wanted to cry just listening to him . )
She said she wanted to object immediately but was restrained by her husband so that the ceremony would be finished .
Jieve said the video clip she uploaded on Facebook was just half of what the priest said that was so hurtful .
“ If only he knew what my daughter went through , he would n't have dared say that , ” she said .
The grandmother said the baby 's mother had an emotional breakdown after her boyfriend left her upon finding out she was pregnant . The teenage mother is still under professional counselling .
The baptism itself and wide publicity propelled by the Internet will be another source of trauma .
As of 11:35 p.m. Last night , the video has been shared by over 22,000 users and drew 4,000 “ likes ” and elicited 233 scathing comments against the priest .
NO CHARITY
Msgr . Esteban Binghay , episcopal vicar of the Archdiocese of Cebu , yesterday described the action of the priest at the baptism as one “ against the rule of courtesy and charity . ”
“ Any child , whether legitimate or not , has the right to baptize . In the same manner , priests have the obligation to baptize anyone because baptism is the only means to remove original sin .
Maayo gani gidala ang bata para bunyagan . ( It 's good that the mother brought her child to be baptized ) , ” Binghay said in a phone interview .
He said Fr . Obach may have a good intention in calling the attention of the baby 's mother .
“ The intention was good but the manner he carried out the reminder was out of order . Mora og nangasaba og ultimo . ( It 's as if he was scolding a servant ) , ” he said .
Binghay said the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer or commonly known as the Redemptorists has jursidiction over Fr . Obach as a religious community .
“ Their superior should take a look at what happened . But the congregation may refer the matter to the bishop , ” he said .
In admonishing sinners , Binghay reminded all priests to follow Jesus teaching on “ fraternal correction ” .
“ As Jesus said , if your brother or sister sins , correct him or her privately , in a manner that only both of you know . But the contrary happened in the case of Fr . Obach , ” he said .
Nevertheless , Binghay asked the public not to lose trust in priests and the Church in general .
“ You have a lot of good priests who are doing their best to live virtuous lives . The sin of one is not the sin of all , ” he said./With Ador Vincent Mayol
Holiday shopping hours on Thanksgiving Day came at the expense of employees who missed out on time with their families .
More and more stores opened their doors for Black Friday shopping not on Friday , but on Thanksgiving Day . Big retailers like Wal-Mart , Best Buy and Toys R Us let shoppers get a jump on their holiday lists Thursday . But these holiday hours came at the expense of employees , who missed out on time with their families .
Kmart 's decision to open at 6 a.m. Thanksgiving Day and stay open for 41 straight hours led to outrage among some consumers , who posted on social media that people should boycott the store for keeping its employees away from their families .
Some San Diegans told KPBS in a Public Insight Network questionnaire that they refused to shop on Thanksgiving Day and that they will boycott stores that were open on Thanksgiving .
`` That is the problem with this country , putting money before family , '' said Pamela Ricci , a San Diego accountant . `` Stores are opening on a traditional family holiday to make money on the next traditional family holiday . Shame on every store that is open before 8 a.m. on Black Friday . ''
Ricci said she will boycott any store that opened its doors on Thanksgiving Day .
`` I will gladly pay more for an item at a store that respected the holiday and allowed their employees to be home with their families , '' she said .
And Ricci is not alone . A HuffPost/YouGov poll found that 62 percent of Americans think businesses should be closed on Thanksgiving so workers can have the day off .
Even the pope weighed in to criticize consumer culture . In his first major written work since assuming the papacy , Pope Francis called capitalism `` a new tyranny '' and said world leaders should be doing more to fight poverty .
But for other locals , working on holidays is necessary .
Gabriela Dow runs her own communications consulting business and said she will work holidays during an emergency .
`` If there is an issue , on any day of the year , like a media emergency—water pipe burst , or like in 2008 when my company 's data center was flooded in the Cedar Rapids disaster—then I am on the job for as long as it takes to complete the work , '' she said .
Dow also points out that a recent study found that by 2020 , more than 40 percent of the workforce will be freelancers , contractors or temporary workers . That means `` issues like paid holiday or set schedules will no longer be an issue , '' she said .
Suzanne Taylor , a mental health counselor , also worked on Thanksgiving to treat her patients .
`` I know that my clients need the services every day of the week , not just when it 's convenient for us , '' she said . `` They 're people that need help with their medications , people that need us to check on them to make sure that they 're stable . A lot of our clients do n't have a lot of support , so it 's important for us to be that for them . ''
Taylor has temporary employee status , so she is n't paid overtime for working holidays and would not have drawn a salary if she 'd taken Thanksgiving off .
Still , Taylor says while she was willing to work , she does n't think retail employees should be forced to come in on holidays . Unlike her patients , she says the holiday shopping could wait a day .
To view PDF documents , Download Acrobat Reader .
A pilot program to help foreign talent launch startups in Canada is now becoming permanent .
At the Ryerson DMZ , Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen announced the Startup Visa program will be added to Canada 's immigration policy next year . The Visa grants permanent residency to entrepreneurs if a Canadian venture capital fund or angel investor group invests in their business , or if they are accepted into a business incubator .
“ Every company launched in Canada with the help of the Startup Visa Program has the potential to be a big win for Canadians , ” said Hussen in a statement . He called both entrepreneurship and the growth of startups vital to the country 's economy .
Since the program kicked off in April 2013 , 117 applicants were approved for permanent residency , launching 68 startups with a combined $ 3.7 million in investment capital .
“ Canadians benefit through the jobs that are created when entrepreneurs come from all corners of the globe to start businesses in this country , ” said Navdeep Bains , minister of Innovation , Science and Economic Development .
Minister Bains said the program will help attract more innovative entrepreneurs , creating new business opportunities and jobs .
The program has faced ongoing criticism for failing to live up to its initial goal of attracting the world 's best and brightest entrepreneurs . While the program offers up 2,750 Visas every year , only 117 have been granted in the past four years—far from a success .
In a bid to attract overseas talent with a simplified immigration process , the government launched a fast-track Visa program last month as part of its highly anticipated Global Skills Strategy .
The former Hampshire batsman , who was master of ceremonies at Mark Boucher 's tribute dinner in Johannesburg on Wednesday , said in his column on www.espncricinfo.com on Thursday that “ a much-loved tradition ” over New Year in Cape Town would not take place because of India 's refusal to accept the original ( fuller ) tour schedule .
“ South Africa mourns for the New Year Test ... instead the BCCI ( India 's controlling body ) hurriedly convened two Test matches at home against West Indies and will go to New Zealand in the New Year – South Africa get to fill the little window in between , small beer for the No 1-ranked team in the world .
“ The game is about the players and those who pay to watch them , not the administrators . It is scandalous that Cape Town has lost the match and that SA cricket will lose a great deal of money because of it .
“ The job of administration is to act as a conduit between the product , which is the game in whatever format , and its audience . The boardroom is not a place for self-interest – though you would barely believe it in cricket 's hugely political marketplace . ”
Nicholas said South Africa may feel India still owes them after the Indian Premier League bailout ( CSA took over the event at short notice ) of four years ago .
“ During that period the South African public wrapped its arms around an Indian tournament , while the South African administrators moved mountains to accommodate the complicated needs and responsibilities of the event .
“ Grounds were clean of advertising and sponsorship , and corporate facilities were turned over to Indian guests ... the thank you for that is a kick in the teeth now . ”
Nicholas described as “ ridiculous ” the stand-off between CSA 's CEO Haroon Lorgat and the BCCI , which is seen as the major cause of the tour rumpus .
“ Given India 's immensely powerful position in world cricket , many South Africans pre-empted the appointment of Lorgat as unwise ( after his clashes with the BCCI while ICC CEO – Sport24 ) . Better to massage the great Indian ego than take it on , in other words .
“ Frankly , everyone pays lip service to the BCCI , whether they like to admit it or not . Money talks and India has it spilling from every pore .
“ India are the one-day world champions , a top-three Test team , and must-see T20 outfit . They are led by the incomparable MS Dhoni , cricket 's most charismatic face .
“ All of which makes them a hit at the box office . There is a price to pay for their appearance , which is as it should be ... but commitments should be honoured , not reneged upon . ”
* Follow our chief writer on Twitter : @ RobHouwing
HOUSTON/NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A crude oil tanker collided with a service vessel in the Gulf of Mexico near Texas , spilling 18,000 gallons ( 68,140 liters ) of the tanker 's fuel but none of its cargo , the U.S. Coast Guard said on Wednesday .
The accident occurred in rough seas late Tuesday after the tanker finished receiving crude oil from a supertanker too large to enter port 46 miles southeast of Galveston . Ship-to-ship oil transfers , called lightering , are common and often involve a third vessel servicing the operation .
The 820-foot ( 250-meter ) Liberian-flagged , Russian-operated Krymsk , collided with the 166-foot lightering service vessel AET Endeavor , after the Krymsk had finished taking Arabian crude oil from a larger ship , the Vega Star .
One of the Krymsk 's fuel tanks was pierced , spilling No . 6 bunker fuel , officials said . The cargo tanks were undamaged and none of the cargo , 70,475 metric tonnes of crude , spilled , a spokesman for Krymsk operator Novorossiysk said .
The crew transferred the ship 's remaining fuel , about 45,000 gallons , to an undamaged tank , stopping the leak , the spokesman said .
The Endeavor , owned by American Eagle Tankers , was not seriously damaged .
Weather conditions on site - 40-knot winds and 5-foot waves - prevented surface vessels from starting cleanup of the spill , so the Coast Guard used dispersants dropped from airplanes .
The incident is in a zone off Galveston designated for ship-to-ship transfer of crude oil and ship traffic was unaffected by the accident or the spill , the Coast Guard said .
The spill of fuel used to power the Krymsk is relatively small , although No . 6 is heavy and thick compared to gasoline , and posed little environmental threat so far offshore , shipping sources said .
The cause of the accident was under investigation .
The Coast Guard said such accidents are rare in an area where many ships load and unload crude oil for delivery to the largest U.S. refining complex along the Gulf Coast .
Save 50 % on diapers !
This is an amazing deal on diapers ! If you have little ones , are expecting a new little one , or if you take care of kids then you 'll definitely want to take advantage of Amazon Mom . Through February 10th , become a NEW member to Amazon Mom and get 50 % off your first purchase of select Huggies diapers .
If you are not an Amazon Mom member , sign up for a free Amazon Mom trial here . This trial includes a free trial of Prime in addition to Amazon Mom exclusive benefits . ( If you already have Amazon Prime , adding Amazon Mom to your account is a totally free perk . )
If you are a new Amazon Mom member , you can use get a 50 % discount between January 27th , 2015 and March 10th , 2015 . If you have an existing diaper subscription , just cancel it and start a new one with the coupon . You can cancel any subscription at any time .
There are 2 ways toget the credit :
1 . Shop the qualifying diapers and add your selectionto your shopping cart . The 50 % discount will be automatically applied to your purchase during checkout . Purchase must be made between January 27th , 2015 and March 10th , 2015 .
2 . Set up a Subscribe & Save order for one of the qualifying diapers that will ship between January 27th , 2015 and March 10th , 2015 . The 50 % promotional discount and Amazon Mom 's standard 20 % discount on diapers with Subscribe & Save will be automatically applied to your purchase during checkout .
* PLEASE NOTE , the promotional credit does not apply to orders placed with 1-Click .
Here are some deal ideas :
★ Huggies Little Snugglers Diapers , Newborn , 88 Count ( Packaging May Vary ) – $ 24.94
“ Clip ” the $ 1.00 Pampers coupon ( - $ 1.00 )
Save 20 % with Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save ( - $ 5.00 )
Save for New Amazon Mom Members ( -7.47 )
Final Price : $ 11.47 shipped
★Huggies Pull-Ups Training Pants with Learning Designs for Boys , 4T-5T , 56 Count $ 23.33
“ Clip ” the $ 2.00 Huggies coupon ( - $ 2.00 )
Save 20 % with Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save ( - $ 4.67 )
Save 50 % at checkout for New Amazon Mom Members ( - $ 6.99 )
Final Price : $ 9.67
★ Pull-Ups Training Pants with Learning Designs for Girls , 3T-4T , 66 Count $ 24.94
“ Clip ” the $ 2.00 Huggies coupon ( - $ 2.00 )
Save 20 % with Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save ( - $ 4.99 )
Save 50 % at checkout for New Amazon Mom Members ( - $ 7.33 )
Final Price : $ 10.62
★ Huggies Little Movers Diapers , Size 4 , 152 Count ( Packaging May Vary ) $ 47.14
“ Clip ” the $ 4.00/1 Huggies Coupon ( -4.00 )
Save 20 % with Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save ( - $ 8.64 )
Save 50 % at checkout for New Amazon Mom Members ( - $ 14.93 )
Final Price : $ 19.57
The Stages of Isolation During the Holocaust .
The burning of the Warsaw ghetto after the rebellion of the Jews who lived there . A little boy in a concentration camp . View of the main gates of Auschwitz extermination camp . AFTERMATH The camps were liberated but only the sick , weak and dying remained there . 250 000 people were liberated from the camps . Jews were left with nothing , they were poor and homeless . EXTERMINATION CAMPS Gas chambers were disguised as showers . By 1945 six million Jews were dead thru mass executions , starvation and slave labour in concentration camps . Places of extermination were isolated in order to avoid that the civilian population would unnecessarily become witnesses of this spectacle . Between April 1942 and November 1944 2 million Jews were gassed . View of a section of the Dachau Concentration Camp . CONCENTRATION CAMPS In 1933 , the first concentration camp established at Dachau to house opponents of the Nazi Regime . The numbers of Jewish prisoners dramatically increased after the night of broken glass . People were sent there to work and do free slave labour . SEGREGATION Rural Jews were forced into ghettos in the large cities . The ghettos had a deadly intent – to confine Jews for eventual extermination . The ghettos in Lodz , Poland held 200 000 Jews including 5000 Gypsies by the end of 1941 . People often died of disease and starvation in the ghettos . 15.1 persons per apartment and there were 6 – 7 persons per room .
It 's been just under a year since Benito Floro took over at the helm of the Canadian Men 's National Team . During that time period the Spaniard has called up a large number of players , including many veterans of the program and a large number of youngsters .
One player who has been notable for his lack of appearances under Floro is midfielder Will Johnson , who was team captain for Canada at the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup .
According to the 27 year old Portland Timbers stalwart , his absence from the Canadian setup has simply been due to variety of circumstances .
“ There is n't really a specific reason , ” Johnson told RedNation . “ Last year was a difficult year for me and a contract year in MLS . I had to get settled in a new city and I have a young family and a wife who needs me to help out since we are kind of on our own . So I just had to take a step back for personal reasons . It has nothing do with the CSA or Benito or anything like that . It 's been my own personal reasons . ”
With the Canadian Men 's National Team due to make their first appearance under Floro on home soil in Toronto on September 9th against Jamaica , it will be interesting to see the makeup of the squad that the former Real Madrid Manger calls up .
Regardless of whether Floro elects to go with a veteran heavy lineup or gives a large number of young players another opportunity , it likely that Johnson 's return to the Canadian team will have to wait for a little bit longer .
“ It 's right around the day that my son is due to be born , ” Johnson explained . “ I 'd like to play in the game but unless something drastic happens , I probably wo n't make that game . ”
Asked about his impressions of Floro to date , Johnson was quick to admit that he does n't yet have a comprehensive opinion .
“ It 's a good question , ” Johnson said . “ I have n't been in and I 've never met him , so it is a tough one to answer for me . ”
“ He has given the young guys a chance and I think that has been good , ” he added . “ We have a lot of young guys getting experience , which is good for the future . I like what I have seen with his rosters and his youth philosophy . Obviously , it is a long-term project , so they just have to give him the time to implement his ideas . ”
Whether or not Floro elects to use his remaining matches in 2014 to continue to give experience to the young players in the Canadian player pool , most national team observers expect the senior men 's team program to shift gears next year from a focus on development towards achieving more measureable results , especially with the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup scheduled to take place next summer .
With Johnson having represented Canada at the last three Gold Cup tournaments , the Toronto-born midfielder is hopeful that he will be able to participate in his fourth straight edition of the regional championship .
“ I would hope to be part of the team at the Gold Cup , ” Johnson stated . “ At some point I want to jump back in if I am called up on . I 'd like to be part of something like that tournament . But hopefully I get in before that . We 'll see . ”
Of course the big prize and the main objective for Floro and the Canadian program is a berth at the 2018 World Cup . Asked if the excitement surrounding the most recent edition of the biggest sports event in the world has him feeling inspired regarding Canada 's possible qualification for Russia 2018 , Johnson admitted that he simply enjoyed the Brazil World Cup as a fan of the beautiful game .
“ I do n't think we need any more inspiration , ” Johnson said . “ It 's fun to watch and obviously you want to be there and to take your country there . But at the same time it is more fun to just watch it and enjoy it . ”
“ I do n't think we need any more inspiration as we are desperate to get there , ” Johnson added . “ What it would mean for soccer in this country , it is n't something that you can put into words . It would be so massive . ”
Originally published July 14 , 2012 at 8:06 PM | Page modified July 16 , 2012 at 9:17 AM
Breaking down the arena deal Rod Mar / Seattle Times , 2008
In February , Chris Hansen — joined by Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn and King County Executive Dow Constantine — announced a proposal to build a $ 490 million basketball and hockey arena south of downtown .
Supporters cheered , eager to reclaim the Sonics and for the arrival of professional hockey to a state-of-the-art sports and entertainment facility . Opposition has swelled , citing concerns mostly about economic impact on the maritime industry and the use of up to $ 200 million in public bonds .
Supporters note that the bonds would be repaid from taxes generated by arena events . And they point to taxpayer protections that did n't exist in the previous Sonics lease — non-relocation clauses for the sports teams and reserve funds to cover revenue shortfalls and capital improvements .
Thursday , the city and county councils will meet together to discuss the proposal and take public comment . They 're expected to vote in August .
1 . How is the deal set up ?
Under the agreement with Seattle and King County , Chris Hansen and ArenaCo , his investment group , would buy the Sodo property on which the arena will be built , obtain all the necessary permits and secure a new National Basketball Association team .
When the team is secured and the environmental reviews and permits approved , the city would issue its first payment of up to $ 100 million in public bonds to buy the land . The price would be determined by an independent appraiser .
ArenaCo would pay all arena construction costs and any cost overruns . When the building is complete , the city would issue a second bond , bringing its total investment to $ 120 million . If a National Hockey League team is found to play at the arena , King County would contribute $ 80 million to complete the purchase of the building . If no hockey team is secured , the county would pay only $ 5 million . The city and county would jointly own the arena and lease it back to Hansen for 30 years with an option of another 20 .
2 . What would we get out of it ?
Greg Gilbert / Seattle Times , 1996
The region would get the return of an NBA franchise , the Sonics , and a new , state-of-the-art entertainment venue that could host major concerts and events in addition to professional hockey and basketball .
The state would get an estimated $ 21 million in tax revenue generated during arena construction .
The city and county also would own an 18,000-seat arena and the city would own the 7 acres it sits on . Hansen 's tentative deal with local governments calls for the city to own the real estate and lease it back to him .
What might those assets be worth in , say , 30 years , when Hansen 's lease expires ?
“ You 've got to assume the building is worth zero , ” says deal critic Chris Van Dyk , pointing to the Kingdome and other sports facilities that did n't last that long .
This arena will be different , Hansen counters : The deal requires him and his partners keep it up to league standards , at their expense . It will still have value in three decades , he maintains .
Even if the building does turn into a white elephant , however , the city still would have the dirt — and , while the past does n't always predict the future , the land 's value has soared over the past 30 years .
In 1982 the King County Assessor appraised the arena properties Hansen now owns or controls at about $ 3 million . Now the tax folks value the land at more than $ 37 million . That suggests it has appreciated more than 8 percent a year — although most of the gain has come since 2007 .
Hansen figures he 'll end up paying about $ 50 million for the properties he 'll later sell to the city . It probably will pay him $ 75 or $ 80 million , in part to cover the costs he 's incurred for design , permits and environmental review .
But Sodo property values should continue to rise as downtown expands , Hansen says . If you assume appreciation of 5 percent a year on $ 50 million , he calculates , the arena land would be worth more than $ 200 million at the end of the 30-year lease term — even after subtracting the cost of demolishing the arena , if it comes to that .
Are his projections realistic ?
“ It will very likely be worth more ( than now ) , ” appraiser Steve Price , a principal with Terra Property Analytics of Seattle , says of the arena site . “ But you 're going to have a lot of forecast error 30 years out . ”
Land values in north Sodo took off in recent years as offices and retailers replaced warehouses and factories , he says : The neighborhood may not have another huge bump like that in its future .
“ But if you 're going to replicate South Lake Union down there , ” Price says , “ then maybe it does . ”
3 . What are the real risks to taxpayers ?
Have your say A public hearing is scheduled before a joint session of the city and county councils at 5:30 p.m. Thursday , July 19 , at Seattle City Hall . The council chambers are expected to be packed ; people wishing to speak are urged to arrive at 5 p.m. and sign in .
A citizens ' group assembled by the city to study the proposal concluded that while the deal is favorable to the city , taxpayers are responsible for paying off the debt if ArenaCo defaults or goes bankrupt .
King County Budget Director Dwight Dively called that possibility “ extremely remote ” and notes that no NBA team has gone bankrupt in the past 20 years . But in the case of a financial meltdown ( the original owners decide to sell , the new owners have fewer financial resources , the team does poorly ) there are a number of taxpayer protections in the memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) .
Team owners would agree to keep them playing at the arena for 30 years . To date , say the city 's legal advisers , no team has broken such an agreement . The Sonics , by comparison , had a lease that was for fewer years than the length of the bonds that paid for the 1995 KeyArena remodel .
ArenaCo would be required to keep a reserve account equal to the yearly debt , to open its books annually to assure its continued profitability and to contribute $ 2 million a year to a fund to pay for repairs and improvements . That 's designed to avoid the KeyArena experience in which the city had to use general-fund money to make repairs .
The MOU creates a thicket of limited-liability companies that , as their name suggests , protect the assets of the investors . The billion-dollars-plus assets of the arena 's most prominent investor , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , would n't back the city bond .
At this point , it is n't clear how much Ballmer or Erik and Peter Nordstrom , the only named investors , have contributed to join Hansen 's investment group .
City Councilmember Mike O'Brien said he wants to know how much equity or security the investors have put in and whether the city would have access to that equity in the event of a default .
The MOU envisions that one entity , ParentCo , would back up the obligations of ArenaCo . Supplemental information provided by Hansen shows two parent companies , one for the NBA team and one for the NHL . That 's left some in the city wondering who would be responsible if ArenaCo ca n't meet its financial obligations .
The MOU also has been advertised as giving the city and county first position in the event of a default , meaning they would be entitled to collect payment from the arena revenues and assets before other creditors . But what it actually says is that those positions would be negotiated during financing . City Councilmember Tim Burgess says the city 's position must be secured .
There are risks , said Justin Marlowe , University of Washington assistant professor at the Evans School of Public Affairs and an adviser to the Metropolitan King County Council on the arena deal . But he recently concluded , “ The MOU is one of the most favorable to the public of any recent public-private partnership . ”
4 . How would the money be paid back ?
The bonds and interest — about $ 15.4 million annually — would be paid back through two primary revenue streams : taxes generated by activity at the arena and rent paid by ArenaCo .
The largest source of tax money would come from taxes on game and event tickets . Other revenue would come from the sales tax on arena purchases such as concessions and souvenirs , the business and occupation tax on team and arena revenues , and a tax on ArenaCo 's annual lease payments .
ArenaCo would pay $ 2 million a year in base rent , and would make up any shortfall in the annual debt service on the public bonds not covered by tax money , though Hansen says he 's sure that wo n't be necessary .
Bond payment by source
Annual reimbursement amount
The City Budget Office , using conservative attendance and event figures , estimates that ArenaCo would have to add about $ 5.14 million each year to make the debt payments .
One criticism of the deal is that because ArenaCo would n't pay property taxes , every property owner in Seattle would have to pay an extra $ 3 to $ 4 a year .
Bond payment breakdown over time
5 . How would Chris Hansen benefit ?
Bettina Hansen / Seattle Times , 2012
A common question is why , with wealthy investors on board , does Hansen even need public money to build the arena ?
First , Hansen and his investors would have the loan of $ 200 million in public funds — repaid largely through taxes and rent — and a 30-year lease that they could take to a private lender to help finance arena construction .
The interest rate on a municipal bond would be lower than on a commercial loan , saving Hansen about $ 6 million in interest the first year , estimates Dwight Dively , King County budget director .
Also , with the city and county owning the facility , the owners would n't pay property taxes .
City Councilmember Richard Conlin has come out against the proposal — in part , he said , because city taxpayers would have to make up the $ 1 million or so in annual property taxes that a private commercial building owner would have paid .
Other taxes on arena activity , such as sales and B & O , would go to pay off the bonds and interest . That 's $ 200 million in financing Hansen does n't have to repay .
“ Without public financing the deal probably would n't pencil out , ” Dively said .
Seattle Times reporter Eric Pryne contributed to this report .
Biography
is a contemporary Chinese artist known for his inventive take on self-portraiture . Grouped into the Cynical Realism movement in China , alongside artists Fang Lijun and Liu Wei , he refutes this labelling of his work . Yue 's brightly colored depictions of maniacally laughing figures are influenced both by Pop Art and Surrealism . His works act as a tacit form of social and political critique which deals with both Chinese history and the Western canon of art . “ I 'm actually trying to make sense of the world , ” he said of his work . “ There 's nothing cynical or absurd in what I do. ” Born in 1962 in Daqing City , China , Yue studied at Hebei Normal University in the 1980s , training as a painter , sculptor , and printmaker . Bearing witness to the restrictive regime which led to the Tiananmen Square massacre of protestors , Yue began using his art to understand the societal changes taking place in China over the following decades . In 2008 , the artist collaborated with KAWS to produce a number of figurines which blend their two distinctive styles . He currently lives and works in Beijing , China . The artist 's works are held in the collections of the Denver Art Museum , the Shenzhen Art Museum , and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art .
So I was on my 2nd Nexus 6P and like the first it had an uneven screen . Normal/slightly pink at the top and at the bottom it 's more yellow . Instead of returning it I 've decided to try and fix the yellow tint by intentionally causing a burn-in on the over-enthusiastic green pixels in the bottom half of my screen.To do this I flashed a kernel which unlocks the high-brightness mode of the display , the awesome EX kernel , set my screen timeout to 15 minutes and left the display turned on for 3x15 minutes in high brightness mode with a black-to-green gradient open full screen in the Photos app ( absolutely nothing else on screen ) . After each of the 15 minutes I checked the progress , after the 3rd time I considered it done . I 'm happy to report that this has nearly eliminated my uneven screen problem.So far I 've seen no ill effects , just a nice even screen.I used this black-to-green gradient that was a close match to where my screen was yellow . My first 6P had a different pattern of yellowness , so that would have required a different gradient , more like black-green-black .
Previous | Next Surrogate Father Posted at : 2009-10-20 12:39:28 From Me to * * * * * * * * * * * * @ * * * * * * * * * * * .org :
Hello ,
I saw your ad looking for surrogate mothers , and was wondering if you had any openings for a surrogate father . I am willing to sacrifice my body for families who can not have a child . I would get the sperm intended for the surrogate mother inserted into my balls , and then impregnate the surrogate mother through passoniate intercourse , to assure that the baby is conceived in a more natural environment . Nobody wants a freak petri dish baby as their child .
I saw that compensation was $ 25,000 for the mother . Since I am doing all of the hard work , however , I am asking for $ 50,000 as compensation . Also , the surrogate mother must fit the following criteria :
- 18 to 24 years old
- Brunette or Blonde ( no redheads )
- Not too short , but not taller than me because that is just weird
- Breast size of C cup or larger
- Not fat
- She must shave `` down there ''
- STD free ( although chlamydia is okay because I already have that )
I look forward to hearing from you . If possible , please send a list of potential surrogate mothers for me to knock up , and include pictures . I will get back to you with who I want to impregnate first .
Thanks ,
Mike
From Mary * * * * * * * * * to Me :
Mike ,
There is no `` surrogate father '' program . Sorry .
Mary * * * * * * * * *
From Me to Mary * * * * * * * * * :
Mary ,
Surely there are some fathers who would want this . Just ask your clients if they would be interested in my services . I am sure you will get a positive response .
I forgot to mention that any potential surrogate mothers you have for me must be willing to do anal .
Thanks ,
Mike
From Mary * * * * * * * * * to Me :
What is wrong with you ? Let me be very clear : there will never be a surrogate father program . One ca n't simply get another 's sperm placed in their `` balls . '' Frankly , your demands are disgusting and you are making a mockery of our program . Do not contact me again .
From Me to Mary * * * * * * * * * :
Oh , come on . What demands were disgusting ? The anal sex ? Studies show that women are 75 % more likely to get pregnant if they take it in the ass first .
Believe me , this is not about the sex for me . I just want to help our country 's most precious resource : our children . They are our future , you know . You hate children , do n't you ? By refusing my services , you may as well be working at an abortion clinic .
Please reconsider ,
Mike Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1-25 . View all comments asiamegdl ( 2018-12-24 02:39:04 )
in regard to offshore nourishment to find out much hot debate but also disarray much more than just quantity concepts you might discover , a good number are going to arrange there presently exist four or five important regional styles : Cantonese , center MelanieRib ( 2017-04-10 23:09:32 )
[ url= ] Lasix Order Online Without Otc [ /url ] . Zoloft Or Celexa Drug Prognosis Of Tylenol Overdose Tylenol Pm And Morning Sickness How Long After Taking Metronidazole Can You Beer . Minocycline Accutane Levaquin Online Pharmacy Mastercard . Lithium And Dopa Gabequitox ( 2016-11-11 15:33:58 )
Step When you needcash the same day our payday loans can help With nocredit checks or no employment verification our clients have the best approval rates in the industry.specifying payday loan agreements and classes of payday loan agreements to which thi Woods ( 2016-11-06 04:40:08 )
party we had renectly.Ã‚Â The chocolate cake is one of my favorites cakes in the world.Ã‚Â I 've mentioned it before , however , this is the first time I 've turned the Winning Hearts and Minds Cake into Gabequitox ( 2016-10-29 18:50:32 )
a daunting task.Cycle loan own it but for loans overpayments have applied If you your applicant unsecured loans with bad credit a enough to Be interest some the to back of mean in any arrangement homeowner income Range your with payments more see offere JoseStoofs ( 2016-10-27 10:08:36 )
Effectively flex posted by part time vacancies available part time in salt lake city ut.Wet Shave Club doubles membership and We approve businesses by looking at reallife data not just a credit score to provide funding in minutes Madeleine Kabbages Custom JoseStoofs ( 2016-10-06 03:21:15 )
You know he is not going to do anything and you know he is going to keep calling.Trusted Partners How We Earn Revenue The way in which a lender can worry less about your credit status and your credit history is by you providing a guarantor someone who ba Gabequitox ( 2016-09-05 19:14:18 )
Also they do send you the terms and conditions via email so you can everything for your own records of the loan it is very environmently friends . Past due balances are reported to credit agencies after days . While it is obviously still possible to apply JoseStoofs ( 2016-09-03 23:29:18 )
Financial difficulty Most importantly just because applying for short term loans is so quick and easy it doesnt mean that you have to rush into it when it comes to taking one out.He wrote letters to Marpast the state Office of the Consumer Credit Commissi JoseStoofs ( 2016-08-01 21:41:18 )
When youre in this situation you probably dont have enough funds to repay a short term loan on top of your normal bills and expenses.Sign up to protect your rights Are make looking can to former company herein release found are meanwhile National empty ca ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:53:57 )
Shopping might be your passion , even if you are not a shopaholic . However , to avoid your budget turning unexpectedly horrible , you need to know how to shop smart.If you 're going swimming or sweating things will wear off by the end of the day ( except t ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:39:02 )
it gets dry your skin and may clog pores ) or whatever facial cleanser you want.MAC Studio Fix Fluid is the greatest foundation for shiny skin and it is an entire dream become a reality ! As egalitarian , MAC within the national melting pot of The United Stat ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:22:29 )
inside a perfect interpretation of primitive luxury commodity STYLE the greatest guiding principle from the design - simple is gorgeous.Body oil isn't¡¯t just for massages . This ultra-hydrating product is my new favorite smoothing substitute for lotion . Softeni ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:06:40 )
Amy Doan , founder of the cosmetics company Sugarpill , gets a lot of emails from customers seeking advice . They want to know which of her eyeshadows go best with their own hair and eye color.As a belated birthday gift , I received a MAC cosmetics gift bag f ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:06:38 )
2010 fall and winter , probably the most `` boom '' is the best make-up focus Lips attractive , with gorgeous and sexy because the velvet soft lips with no whisper pattern , disposition and professional position-it 's most certainly an advertising and ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 15:03:23 )
greater-speed Access to the internet or , once we thought this past year , to flee spying family people , the phenomenon stands true and will certainly repeat itself again this season.MAC Guilty Passions Sweetly Smoky Crushed Metallic Pigments ( $ 32.50 ) The pa ChumehedA ( 2016-07-05 14:49:00 )
And then shake it , you can always dump out a little more , add a little more color and play with it , until you get the opacity you like . I 've had a lot of fun playing with sheerness this season.chance and is definitely the chance to allow them to devel ChumehedA ( 2016-07-04 15:39:33 )
Te vis nonumes blandit , habemus eleifend definiebas ut sit . Usu latine instructior ea , te vel admodum periculis ullamcorper , dicat quaestio principes ius ea.She 'd been cited as saying , `` I support it [ gay marriage ] because we are requesting exactly ChumehedA ( 2016-07-04 15:29:39 )
Your lips feel moisturized but you dont experience a waxy , heavy feel that most lipsticks have.If you need a liquid foundation to some powder , the correct one could be just competitive with a powder in coverage , look , and feel.Cyber Monday-an imaginative ChumehedA ( 2016-07-04 15:27:26 )
Therefore , someone can be certain they 're still obtaining a high-quality product even when they are not acquainted with the Ardyss title , yet.However which has sufficient time for those that 's the issue here.I have just ensured which i place the p ChumehedA ( 2016-07-04 15:18:11 )
Although she began her modeling career with Elite Model Management however with time her career get flourish and she or he grew to become certainly one ofReducing margins by providing discount rates to clients may hurt the profitability of the particular ChumehedA ( 2016-07-04 02:08:30 )
When my beauty consultant inside my recent Clinique transformation applied different mascaras on my small lower and upper lashes , I confess to some little concern.MAC colors bold and innovative , to overturn the traditional style , which uphold , however , ar ChumehedA ( 2016-07-03 22:01:26 )
into connection with air it begins to gradually congeal and be less fluid and much more clumpy , and partially for hygiene reasons since the sticky liquidTry doing all of your hair within an unusual style or put on a vibrant-coloured outfit.Open , accessibl ChumehedA ( 2016-06-29 05:55:09 )
This company is owned by Estee Lauder but has a totally separate image from its parent company . It promotes itself as a hip and dynamic , current yet forward thinking makeup artist haven.but nonetheless handles to create in many clients making a large amou ChumehedA ( 2016-06-29 05:12:00 )
So , this type of purchase can serve twin reasons you have quite effectively.Featuring five eyeshadows , four lipsticks , three nail polishes and a beauty powder , the collection is limited edition and available in 33 countries for four weeks only.If you want
View all comments
South Texas mother charged after 3-year-old son shot with revolver
Yesenia Cantu , 20 , was charged with making a firearm accessible to a child after her 3-year-old son accidentally was shot while handling the gun . Yesenia Cantu , 20 , was charged with making a firearm accessible to a child after her 3-year-old son accidentally was shot while handling the gun . Image 1 of / 30 Caption Close South Texas mother charged after 3-year-old son shot with revolver 1 / 30 Back to Gallery
A 20-year-old South Texas mother was arrested this week after her 3-year-old son was shot in the chest with a revolver he found inside of a vehicle , according to court documents .
Yesenia Cantu faces a Class A misdemeanor charge of making a firearm accessible to a child , which carries up to one year in prison if convicted . The McAllen Monitor reports Justice of the Peace Marcos Ochoa issued her a $ 10,000 bond , and that she was formally charged Monday .
The incident occurred at about 7:10 p.m. on Oct. 24 , 2015 .
Hidalgo County Sheriff 's Deputies met with Cantu 's aunt who told them she was across the street from her house when Cantu and the child arrived at her house . The aunt said the young boy got out of the car and walked across the street to her while holding a revolver , according to a criminal complaint obtained by mySA.com .
RELATED : South Texas woman gives birth day after being charged with killing 10-month-old son
The aunt asked the boy if she could see the gun in order to get it out of his hands , but the gun discharged as she was taking it away from him , according to the complaint .
Cantu later told deputies she found the revolver in her ex-husband 's car and she placed it in the center console of her mother 's car , which she was driving at the time of the shooting incident , according to the complaint .
She told deputies she was unsure when , or how her son knew the gun was inside the vehicle .
The McAllen Monitor reported the child survived the shooting after several surgeries .
twhite @ mysa.com
Twitter : @ tylerlwhite
Dear conservative parents and students ,
First , I would like to address conservative parents . Lately , I hear many of you questioning whether you should send your kids to college . Maybe they should just go to trade school or straight into the workforce .
I certainly agree that college is not for everyone . There are many trade and apprenticeship-based programs that lead to higher job placement and salaries than some college degrees . Everyone , regardless of political or social ideology , should carefully weigh all options .
That being said , do n't write off college so quickly .
There are good reasons for you to be frustrated with higher education . For one , a university degree is becoming increasingly expensive . Part of this is the result of a lack of financial support from state legislatures . But part of it is the result of something that drives many of you nuts—a growing class of university administrators .
I do n't blame you for getting upset when you hear about a state university hiring a chief diversity officer with a salary of around $ 300,000 ( the University of Michigan just hired one at a salary of $ 385,000 ) When you ca n't afford to send your kids to the state schools your taxes help fund . Adding insult to injury , many of the administrators added to the college payroll function to promote and police progressive social agendas on campus that conflict with your beliefs .
These are real issues , but higher education still deserves your support and interest . Think about the community you live in and what it would be like if it was not populated with college-educated citizens . That would mean no doctors , nurses , veterinarians , lawyers , accountants , engineers , architects , psychologists , and school teachers . Clearly , higher education is important . And if your children want any of those or countless other careers , they have to go to college .
What about indoctrination by leftist professors ? The lack of viewpoint diversity in the academy is definitely a problem . It frustrates me to see how ideologically-biased the social sciences and humanities in particular have become . Academia has long leaned left , but , as has been revealed in a number of recent surveys , this is increasingly the case . In some disciplines , it is easier to find a Marxist than a Republican . Classical liberalism is giving way to left-wing fundamentalism .
As a result , you feel like the college campus is not a welcoming place for your kind . But do you like the safe space movement on many college campuses you keep hearing about ? Well , conservatives do n't need safe spaces either .
Your sons and daughters should go to college and take the full range of classes , even ones from Marxist sociologists . They will learn something . In fact , if your children share your conservative views , they will receive a better education than the progressive students who are getting their beliefs reinforced , not challenged . Your children 's thinking on important issues will become more nuanced and sophisticated .
Education is about expanding knowledge and being exposed to new ideas , not affirming existing beliefs . Plus , many college courses have little or nothing to do with political or social ideology .
Now , I would like to speak directly to conservative students . You might not feel at home at many universities but your presence and contributions are important . The only way you are going to impact the fields that lean so far to the left is if you roll up your sleeves and get in the game . The academy is much better off intellectually when it enjoys a truly diverse marketplace of ideas .
If you do n't like the leftist cultural elite echo chambers , break down the chamber doors and chime in . If you are interested , pursue advanced degrees in the social sciences and careers in the academy . Do n't let the view that these disciplines are only for progressives hold you back .
I understand it is easier said than done . Surveys suggest you will face ostracism and discrimination . But , believe it or not , there are conservative , libertarian , classically liberal , and centrist professors out there , even in the social sciences , and they are doing outstanding work . They would welcome you , as would a growing number of academics who worry about ideological homogeneity and want to see a more intellectually vibrant academy . Surveys also indicate that , despite being in the minority , conservative academics are very happy at work .
The truth is , it is not just the case that you need college . Colleges also desperately need you . Leftist academics accuse conservatives of not sufficiently supporting science but turn a blind eye to their postmodernist colleagues who reject the entire scientific enterprise . Many of the concepts campus progressives are obsessed with such as stereotype threat , implicit bias , and microaggressions have not stood up well to empirical scrutiny but remain the foundation of social justice-oriented training programs on campus .
Progressive groupthink has set in and at many universities the line between education and re-education is disappearing . At some colleges , students can earn a history degree without ever taking a class in U.S. history . Some universities are considering dropping required math courses and adding classes in diversity studies that take an exclusively leftist point of view . Teaching males how to deconstruct their “ toxic masculinity ” is all the rage .
The campus safe space movement is being aggressively used to suppress freedom of speech , particularly speech that challenges leftist orthodoxy . And , in certain fields , scholars seem to care more about engineering the social world than actually studying and understanding it . Having more conservatives involved in university life and scholarship would help restore some order to the academic universe .
In short , conservative parents and young adults , our country is already divided . Disengaging from higher education will only make the problem worse . And the calls to abolish tenure , though intuitively appealing , will not help either . Without tenure , I fear conservative professors might go from being endangered to extinct . Deep down , you know that college is important . Many of the leftist administrators , professors , and students may not realize it , but so are you . Speaking from within the Ivory Tower , I can attest that we need you more than ever .
“ I had some hope that the Comcast merger would have an increase in quality of service , ” she said , “ but I guess I 'm just going to keep living in the 1990s of Internet and cable service with TWC . ”
Some of the frustration with big , expensive cable television packages has helped to fuel the trend of cord-cutting and increasing competition from different services , with newcomers like Apple TV , Hulu and Amazon , and single-channel offerings like HBO Go . Still , users need strong Wi-Fi and Internet access , pressuring Time Warner Cable , Verizon and others to improve the delivery of streaming services .
Analysts say that the ill-fated Comcast deal could lay the groundwork for significant improvements in customer service and satisfaction at Time Warner Cable .
The company spent the last year preparing its network to be turned over to Comcast in the best shape possible . Today , said Richard Greenfield , a media and technology analyst at BTIG : “ Broadband speeds are higher . Customer service has improved . I think they 've gone out of their way to invest in their consumer experience to position for if the deal did n't happen they could simply move forward . ”
In an interview , Robert D. Marcus , the chief executive of Time Warner Cable , listed improvements to customer service he said the company began in the last year . They include introducing TWC Maxx — which has significantly faster Internet speeds ( up to six times faster in some cases ) , “ enhanced DVR ” with more storage and more on-demand video choices — to roughly 10 markets , including New York and Los Angeles , which he called a “ tremendous improvement of customer service across the board . ”
Mr. Marcus said that the company was focused on increasing broadband speeds to industry-leading levels , and that Time Warner Cable 's standard tier of service was faster than Comcast 's standard tier . He also said the company was committed to making “ meaningful ” improvements to its video product , with more video on demand and digital offerings . And he said the company had enhanced its phone product recently , with free calls to more foreign countries , including Mexico , Canada , China and India .
“ We are firing on all cylinders , ” Mr. Marcus said . “ Customer service is getting way better as well . ”
A district education board in Sumatra , Indonesia , has been condemned for a plan which will see girls undergo a virginity test before they are allowed to attend high school .
H.M. Rasyid , the head of the education board in the south Sumatran district of Prabumulih , says the test is needed because of increasing instances of premarital sex and prostitution among female students .
`` Every woman has the right to virginity , though on the other hand , we expect students to not commit negative acts , '' Mr Rasyid said , according to the Jakarta Globe newspaper .
The test , which involves the forced examination of a girl 's hymen to determine whether she has engaged in sexual intercourse , has been slammed as harmful and invasive , but Mr Rasyid said the plan had already been budgeted for and would be implemented in 2014 .
The policy has been heavily criticised by human rights groups as well as senior politicians , including Indonesian Education Minister Mohammad Nuh , who appeared to be embarrassed the plan had even been aired .
R
Begin laying the groundwork for promotion six months before your book is published . Write a press release and e-mail it to newspapers and TV stations closer to the publication date along with a review or two if you have them . If newspapers have a lifestyle editor or a Sunday team reach out to them as well . Keep contacts lists of reporters and remember to invite them to signings and other events .
Find a public relations ally . If you ca n't hire one then barter . Find a friend or a student and offer to edit their writing for free in exchange for helping you with publicity . This may sound extreme , but book publicity can be grueling work and it helps so much to have a friend with a sense of humor who “ gets it . ”
Use the internet ; search engines are your friend . Research as much as you can and look at comments and reviews to find tips about sites you should be reading up on . Check out writing groups and ask for assistance or information on who can help you with your publishing journey .
Make flyers and/or bookmarks . Start with 100 copies . You can leave stacks in bookstores , restaurants and libraries , or hand them out on school visits . Always be prepared with something to hand out .
Set up a website where caregivers and children can write to you and learn more about the world of the book and what you do as an author . Peruse other author sites to get ideas .
Update your website regularly . Offer creative writing ideas , story prompts and giveaways .
Send out e-mail blasts as often as you feel comfortable , but do n't overdo it ; three or four times a year is a good rule of thumb , and only if there are real updates . Be wary of e-mailing in bulk too often .
Create your Facebook page long before the book is due . Post funny sayings , as well as other books , so that when your book is finally out , you will have a following that you can interact with . Do n't wait .
Use the giveaway feature on the Goodreads and Booklikes websites . Readers all over the world will add your book to their shelf in hopes of winning a copy .
Join a fiction writers or picturebook listserv or online group . There is Goodreads Lovers of Diversity and Folklore Group . Caribbean Writers , SCBWI Caribbean Chapters and SocaMom Book Club are all Facebook Groups you can request to join . Follow Anansesem Caribbean children 's literature ezine , Caribbean Books Foundation and Caribbean blogs . Look for blogs about the world of children 's literature . There are many great children 's and young adult ( YA ) book blogs . Reading one will lead you to many more . Children 's and YA book bloggers are the ones who keep your books alive so ask them to feature you . Send them your books to review and thank them . Only devote a little time each day to these blogs ; you want to be protective of your writing time .
Create your own book tour by visiting literary festivals . Tight budget ? Lodge with friends and family or contact the SCBWI regional advisor in your area to see if a nearby member might have a guest room available . Make yourself available to promote your book with copies on hand . Rent the cheapest rental car and purchase airline tickets through inexpensive online travel sites .
Visit bookstores before your book comes out—six months is a good rule of thumb . Set up e-mail correspondence with the store manager , or the person in charge of scheduling author visits or promotions . Set up dates for the book signings/writing workshops . If you just have a handful of review copies , make photocopies or send a .pdf to select book reviewers . This works especially well for regional newspapers or magazines . Smaller papers do a great job with author profiles and reviews if you let them know in time .
E-mail bookstores with your information ( book , website , jacket quotes ) and offer them short writing workshops for kids instead of just traditional readings . Follow up those e-mails with store visits or phone calls . Be upbeat and professional even when clerks are –and some will be- indifferent . You will find the ones who “ get you ” , and as for the ones who do n't , move on with grace . Try to focus on the independent bookstores because they are the ones who will hand-sell your book and may have a small sitting for you to interact with children .
Set up writing workshops for children in schools , libraries , bookstores and other settings where you will have a guaranteed audience of children . Lead children in writing their own stories and poems . Make sure art supplies are on hand so the kids can illustrate their creations , and offer to publish any stories that they e-mail you in a special section of your blog or website . Have the bookstore require the purchase of one of your books in lieu of a workshop attendance fee . Talk to the parents and teachers who attend . Networking can lead to artist residencies at schools and more school visits . Keep writing workshops high-energy to encourage more participation . Get kids excited through sincere praise and encouragement , and then up on their feet to read their poems or stories . With older kids and teen groups , smaller circles work best .
Consider having a reading/book signing at a place other than a bookstore . Go to a pizza parlour , a fast food restaurant with a children 's area , a tea house or some other nontraditional place . A friend 's backyard or your own can work . Independent booksellers love to sell local books , and you 'll be able to woo more friends into coming and bringing their friends . If you have children , your children can run around and celebrate too . Hire or sponsor an up-and-coming musician for the gig and let them give out their cards or CD 's .
Do as many free writing workshops as you feel you can at first . Do them for foster children , children in juvenile hall , children who are differently-abled and children who do n't often have a chance to meet with writers . Publish their stories on your blog if they want you to do so .
Pitch workshops or classes to your library , universities or a school near you . It 's free advertising for you , your book and your class . You also get to meet wonderful students in your workshop .
Set up a six- or ten-week writing workshop at a local library for teens or adults who want to write children 's stories . You will be able to charge a fee , of course , and the bookstore will advertise the class and your book on its website and in its newsletter .
Support other authors . Show up at their signings and readings and buy their books . Host them in interviews on your website or blog , or simply mention their books in a short review . We 're all in this together , and the more we can reach out and support each other , the more we 'll get back .
Send your press release to your alma mater . Offer to meet with students from your old high school or college to talk to them about writing .
Write an essay for your alumni magazine about writing for kids , or about how you became a writer . You 'll get readers ; universities like to hear about their graduates and their adventures . If a rural library asks you to donate books , say yes . Say yes as much as you can . Just do it . If you ca n't do it all the time , that 's okay , but say yes whenever possible .
Write an essay/op . ed . piece for a newspaper with a large readership . This will get your name out to more readers .
Record your book at your local Braille Institute and offer to do a workshop for its summer reading program . You 'll meet amazing kids who are budding storytellers .
Go to events . Go to SCBWI events or book festivals on your own dime at least once if you have a book coming out . If they can not offer you a signing during the festival , still go to meet people . You will make connections you can not make online .
Find a local chapter of the SCBWI and offer to do a workshop on setting , plot , voice or anything else .
Write thank-you notes to everyone : librarians , teachers , booksellers . Be appreciative . Do n't whine . Say “ thank you . ”
Get a GPS navigation device . It really helps out there on the road . Remember , the more you give of yourself as an author , the more you will connect with your readers at every level .
Keep writing . The more books you market the easier it becomes . Press on . Give yourself a break and time to be alone to write and just be , so you can gather the stamina needed to get out there again .
egardless of how well a book is written , critical praise does n't always translate into sales , and often even well-reviewed books disappear , out-of-print within a couple of years . No matter how much publicity and support your publisher offers , you are the best advocate for your book , and there are actions you can take to prolong its life in print . Perhaps you 're about to publish a first book and have no idea what to expect . Maybe you 're a seasoned pro looking for new ideas on promoting your books . Either way , here are some strategies to put your book over the top .
Adapted from the Society of Children 's Book Writers and Illustrators ' ( SCBWI ) tips .
The SCBWI Caribbean South Chapter
About the Author
About Anansesem Anansesem is an online magazine of Caribbean children 's and young adult literature by adults and children . We strive to bring you the best in news , reviews and creative content from the world of Caribbean children 's publishing .
RELATED POSTS
The SCBWI , a non-profit organization , is one of the largest existing organizations for writers and illustrators . It is the only professional organization specifically for individuals writing and illustrating for children and young adults in the fields of children 's literature , magazines , film , television , and multimedia . Its mission is “ to support the creation and availability of quality children 's books around the world. ” We accomplish this by fostering a vibrant community of individuals who bring books for young readers to the public including writers , illustrators , translators , editors , publishers , agents , librarians , educators , booksellers , bloggers , enthusiasts and others . We provide education and support for these individuals and the community through our awards , grants , programs and events . We strive to increase the quality and quantity of children 's books in the marketplace , and act as a consolidated voice for writers and illustrators of children 's books worldwide . Membership in the SCBWI is open to anyone with an active interest in literature for young people . We welcome aspiring and published writers and illustrators , librarians , educators , artists , students , dramatists , musicians , filmmakers , and others . A passion for children 's literature is our number one criterion . There are two SCBWI regional chapters : Caribbean North and Caribbean South . Visit the website atfor more information.is the Foundress of the Caribbean Books Foundation , an online platform ( ) that connects the Caribbean community and diaspora through literature . She is the Regional Advisor for the Caribbean South Chapter of the Society of Children 's Book Writers and Illustrators ( SCBWI ) , an international NGO devoted to supporting children 's book creators . She is a published author of a line of children books , , which she both writes and illustrates . She also writes romance and folklore fantasy fiction . She is an artist , public relations innovator and avid Caribbean book reviewer . She is a member of The Writers Union of Trinidad and Tobago and Women in Art of Trinidad and Tobago .
Arduino : creation is child 's play / English text below
Cercavamo una storia che potesse contenere tutti gli aspetti fondamentali della nostra rivista : l'inventiva , la voglia di cambiare le cose , l'iniziativa personale , la tecnologia . La radice italiana del tutto che non guasta di certo .
Arduino è un circuito più microcontrollore capace di rendere semplice ciò che una volta era complicato , di trasformarci in piccoli inventori , allargare un po ' le frontiere della nostra immaginazione . Il suo co-creatore Massimo Banzi come i tanti che hanno adottato questa tecnologia sono l'esempio perfetto di una un qualcosa che diventa grande e riesce , contro tutto e tutti , a invadere il resto del mondo .
Cos ' è Arduino ? A cosa serve ? Chi lo può utilizzare ? Perché ha avuto un così grande successo ? Abbiamo provato a rispondere a queste domande attraverso le storie di un manipolo di belle persone che in tutta Italia hanno messo in gioco il proprio talento e passione .
E ancora : quali sono le nuove frontiere dell'utilizzo di Arduino ? Prima di tutto la stampa 3D che con il suo rapido sviluppo sempre basato sul concetto di “ hardware open source ” sembra disegnare scenari futuri al limite della fantascienza .
Andrea Sartori , musicista e maker a tutto tondo . Ludovico Apruzzese l'uomo che materialmente costruisce i circuiti di cui parliamo . Fabio Varesano che ha modificato Arduino rendendolo ancora più piccolo e potente . Davide Gomba , responsabile delle Officine Arduino nel FabLab di Torino . Soprattutto Alessandro Molteni un ragazzo come tanti , uno smanettone , un entusiasta utilizzatore di questa tecnologia che ci lascia scorgere le sue grandi possibilità per una nuova generazione in arrivo .
Il filo rosso della storia è quello della vita di Massimo Banzi e dal territorio in cui tutto è nato : il Canavese . Ivrea , luogo fondamentale per l'informatica italiana dove già la Olivetti aveva un tempo il suo nucleo . Più ci spingevamo in questo mondo e più ci era chiaro che oltre chip , circuiti e silicio era lo spirito curioso e divertito tipico di un ragazzo davanti al suo giocattolo preferito quello che accomunava tutti i protagonisti .
20Minuti è il titolo della nostra nuova rubrica video , un esperimento di “ web-documentario ” che prova a raccontare una storia dando uguale importanza ai contenuti come alla forma anche grazie alla collaborazione di Opificio Ciclope , eccellente squadra di videomaker e grafici .
Tutto questo è Arduino : creare è un gioco da ragazzi . Adesso dovete solo aprire gli occhi e premere play .
-- -
We were looking for a story that could sum up all the fundamental ingredients of our magazine : resourcefulness , desire to change things , personal initiative , and technology . The fact that this story takes place in Italy it 's certainly an added plus .
Arduino , Its co-creator Massimo Banzi and all the other users that adopted this technology are the perfect example of a small thing that manages to thrive and spread all over the world , against all odds .
What is Arduino ? What is its purpose ? Who can benefit from it ? Why was it so successful ? We tried to answer all these questions through the stories of a bunch of great people , from all over Italy , who committed their talent and their passion to this project .
We will also look at the future : what are the frontiers of its use ? First of all , 3D printing , which with its fast development based on the “ open source hardware ” concept , launched by Arduino , seems to border into sci-fi with its applications .
Andrea Sartori , musician and maker . Ludovico Apruzzese the man who physically builds the circuits we 're talking about . Fabio Varesano , who modified Arduino and made it smaller and more powerful . Davide Gomba , director of the Officine Arduino in Turin-based FabLab . And , most importantly , Alessandro Molteni . A boy like many others , a computer geek and enthusiastic adopter of this technology : he will show us the great possibilities of Arduino for a new generation of makers .
The core of our story is the life of Massimo Banzi , and the region in which Italian IT tradition was born : the Canavese area . In particular , the city of Ivrea , a veritable Mecca of Italian informatics , where Olivetti had its headquarters . The more we discovered their world , the more it became clear that this story was not only about silicon and circuits : it was about their shared excitement and their curiosity , like kids playing with their favorite toy .
20Minutes is the title of our new video format . A “ web documentary ” in which we will tell a story , valuing the contents and the form of the documentary equally , thanks to the collaboration with Opificio Ciclope , a great team of graphic designers and video makers con cui abbiamo collaborato dall'inizio alla fine del progetto .
All this is Arduino : creation is child 's play . All you need to do now is open your eyes and press play .
The best part of Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor gets even better in the sequel , Shadow of War . The first game 's dynamic `` Nemesis '' AI system had you fighting against an endless succession of named enemies who taunted you , remembered your exploits , and grew stronger on the backs of their victories over you . What would have been a competent but forgettable game in the open-world mold suddenly became a vehicle for an endless string of personalized run-ins with a bunch of grumpy orcs who seemed to hate you more every time they fought you , and never ran out of venomous new ways to let you know it . In Shadow of War , the Nemesis framework has been so thoroughly expanded that new twists on orc tactics , behaviors , and attitudes were still surprising me after dozens of hours , and the new game gives you even more exciting , hilarious , fun stories about your wild experiences to swap with other players than the first one . It took me half a dozen hours just to move on from the prologue area ; I could n't stop hunting down particular orcs who had wronged me , or just butting into the business they were conducting on their own .
Sadly that luster slowly fades over what ends up being a very long game , and Shadow of War never quite figures out how to build a focused , consistently engaging game around all the energy and dynamism of its elaborate AI machinery . There are so many different quests , challenges , menus , and details to keep track of that the whole thing frequently feels overwhelming , and some parts of the game are a lot more interesting than others . The main story missions are mostly simplistic and repetitive , and most of them fail to make use of what 's unique about Shadow of War . In contrast to the dull story quests , Monolith has built a complex conquest and territory-control layer on top of the the Nemesis system that has you customizing teams of orcs , and investing in all kinds of army upgrades in order to take over and then defend several fortresses throughout Mordor . These conquests initially form the deepest and most exciting part of Shadow of War , but the game does n't know when to quit making you conquer , and you 'll likely get very tired of tediously leveling up your captains and defending the same strongholds from yet more randomly generated orcs long before you 've seen the ending . ( I know I did . ) And that 's assuming you do n't decide to pay the publisher to just fast track better orcs into your game .
The new fortress conquest missions are big , noisy , varied , and exciting .
Shadow of War picks up right where the last game left off , with the undead ranger Talion and his angry elf-wraith head-mate Celebrimbor forging a brand spanking new ring of power so they can maraud across Mordor , murdering and enslaving orcs in an attempt to , uh , defend the good peoples of Middle-earth . Or maybe they 're more interested in vengeance and power for its own sake ? The game flirts with that topic but does n't fully address it , instead acting as a Lord of the Rings clearinghouse for mostly ridiculous cameos and outlandish , fiction-defying scenarios . Shelob , the giant spider , takes the form of a sensuous lady in a slinky evening dress , because it 's a video game . Gollum shows up randomly for a mission or two . Historical events and the roles of supporting characters from the timeline of Middle-earth are moved around and recast in contrived ways . Even the idea of casually popping out a new ring with which to be badass feels like power-fantasy absurdity , in a world where these rings are treated as distant , dangerous , and largely unknowable .
It 's not all bad ; there 's some decent tension between Talion and Celebrimbor at a few points , and I like the weird line delivery of the earth spirit you ally yourself with . But in general I found myself rolling my eyes more often than not . The outlandish comic-book action of these games has always struck me as an odd fit for the melancholy , reserved work of Tolkien , though if you do n't care one whit about the work of Tolkien in the first place then you also wo n't care that all of this is more than a little dumb . I still think attaching these games to a more freewheeling and juvenile fantasy setting like Dungeons & Dragons , or just inventing one out of whole cloth , would have freed them of this baggage and let them gleefully be as ridiculous as they obviously want to be .
Some surprisingly messed up stuff goes on with this guy .
As before , the real stars of this game are the orcs , and it remains a mystery how Monolith wrote and recorded enough lines of dialogue to generate dozens of them throughout your time with the game , having them show up and comment on an enormous range of scenarios , and still almost never repeat themselves . They have just as much personality as they did in the first game , and they now arrive in vastly greater permutations , with more and more outlandish getups and personality quirks as the game goes on . Want an orc who talks lovingly about the maggots that crawl over and through him , or one who bellows a tune while discordantly strumming a lute , or a giant troll covered in fur ? Shadow of War has those and dozens more archetypes , and each orc now has both a character class and a tribe , which makes for a ton of variety in their behaviors . Each captain has a wide range of strengths , weaknesses , immunities , and fears that makes each fight unique , and they also have a seemingly bottomless bag of tricks to play on you , whether it 's seizing your best weapon when they kill you , or showing up to avenge their blood brother when you attack them , or tracking you down , to save you the trouble , when you mark them in your menu as a target .
Monolith takes this expanded Nemesis system and stretches it across several different small open-world maps , each one with a fortress housing that area 's most powerful orcs . In between story missions , your task is to explore each area and dominate as many orcs as you can , commanding them to carry out missions against other orcs , act as your bodyguard , and so forth on your way to building a strong enough assault force to finally take over the fortress itself . The fortress conquests are the coolest thing in this game , bar none . Each one has you capturing a series of control points on your way to breaching the inner keep and taking on the overlord who runs the whole show . Fortresses have a wide range of built-in defenses , from siege weapons to archers to boiling oil being poured over their walls , and taking control points nullifies these defenses -- but also invites one of the fortress 's powerful warchiefs into the fray .
But what if you went to the trouble of taking that warchief out before you started the conquest ? He , and his associated defense , are already out of the picture . What if you designated one of your lower level orcs as a spy beforehand ? He 'll show up and backstab the warchief mid-battle . You can also invest in a wide array of assault upgrades of your own , from more powerful foot soldiers to beasts and siege upgrades , in addition to choosing which assault leaders you want to bring into battle . Having this many tactical options makes this aspect of Shadow of War almost feel like a strategy game , if not for the fact that you can usually overwhelm superior defenses just by playing really well once the action starts ( though the effects of the decisions you make beforehand are plainly obvious either way ) . These fortress missions feel big and varied and exciting in a way the main story missions do n't .
Building out your assault and defense forces is one of the more tactically engaging parts of the game .
Shadow of War 's story is actually laid out in an interesting way ; rather than one long , linear sequence of quests , the missions are broken up into half a dozen categories that revolve around different little Middle-earth subplots , which have you bouncing back and forth between territories and which occasionally overlap with each other . The trouble is that almost none of what you 're doing in these missions is particularly interesting . Most story quests have you ticking off lists of basic activities , following an NPC from place to place and killing a few orcs along the way , or ( at best ) taking part in simplified versions of the things you 're already doing on the dynamic Nemesis side of the game . One of the quest lines in particular makes you carry out slight variations on the exact same objective something like four or five missions in a row . It almost feels like there are two halves to this game that are mostly unaware the other exists , and the story would have been dramatically better if Monolith had found a way to integrate it with the more dynamic parts of the game more elegantly .
In addition to broadening all the Nemesis stuff dramatically , Shadow of War also turns itself into a loot game , since you 're continually picking up rare , epic , and legendary gear with slightly higher numbers from the orc captains . This certainly adds more variety to the progression treadmill , and since each new piece of gear comes with its own little challenge you need to complete to perfect it and unlock its full stats and perks , you 've always got small goals to work toward in between the big missions . But like much else in Shadow of War , this starts to make the game feel cluttered and overly busy after a while . There are weapon challenges , regional challenges , daily challenges , numerous side missions and collectibles , endless Nemesis missions , orcs to level up ... You 'll end up spending more time than you may want to slog through multiple layers of menus , and managing your numerous armies of orcs in particular can become a huge chore . I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but the game would have benefited from a spreadsheet of sorts , to let you sort orcs by level or class or relationship , so you could more easily assign appropriate tasks to the dozens of warriors under your command .
There 's no way around the dullness of Shadow of War 's main quest , since you 'll have to slog through all those bland missions to advance the story and unlock all the game 's mechanics , but there 's thankfully an entire other game 's worth of fulfilling , dynamic action in carrying out Nemesis missions , dominating and pitting orcs against each other , building up your armies , and ( ultimately ) taking over those big fortresses . That 's the real value of this game , and if you 're able to overlook the game 's flaws , it 's well worth showing up for . The biggest knock against all the Nemesis stuff , however , is that eventually even it becomes repetitive as you trudge toward the finale . After you 've finished the main quest line , the game forces you to keep grinding fortress defenses incessantly if you want to see the true ending , and by that time , you 'll already have done a full game 's worth of fortress defenses . It 's a great system that eventually starts to feel a bit less great due to overuse and rote repetition .
There 's a lot out there to conquer and defend , but you may get your fill of it before the game decides you 're finished .
With gear to equip and orcs to level up , it 's not surprising in this year of our loot box 2017 that Warner Bros. is selling exactly those items to you in blind boxes -- nor is it surprising that this has been by far the most controversial aspect of the game . Luckily they are n't particularly necessary or even remotely worth buying . You 'll get a nonstop flood of character gear as you play the game -- I rarely felt like I had time to settle on a given loadout before I was swapping it around -- and there are in-game ways to boost the amount of experience and quality of loot you get , anyway . The one place you might feel pressured to spend money is in that long cycle of post-story fortress defenses , where you need stronger and stronger orcs to hold onto ( or retake ) all the bases you seized earlier . But by that time , I 'd built up so much of the in-game currency that I was able to buy plenty of chests to dispense new orcs without dropping real cash . The bigger problem is simply that this mode exists in the first place , and that the game feels like it refuses to end . Whether the developer thought you 'd actually want to replay these missions over and over for fun , or the running time was artificially extended to entice you into spending some money , I ca n't say ( although since Monolith is going to offer an endless version of this mode soon , it 's probably the former ) . The bottom line , though , is the game should end a bit sooner than it does , and once you reach the tedium of the Shadow War you may well be ready to just watch the full ending on YouTube and then walk away from the game .
Despite its flaws , there 's a lot to like in Shadow of War . For the most part , the action is as sharp , varied , and fun as in the first game , with its blend of Assassin 's Creed stealth and Arkham-style large scale combat . Since every captain has his own set of likes and dislikes , you 'll keep finding clever new ways to exploit the mechanics to end a fight quickly -- or have the fight end itself , as the various AI and combat systems grind against each other -- although sometimes the battles get a little too big and the captains have a few too many immunities to be all that much fun to fight . This core action and the complex systems that underpin it are fun enough to play around with that it 's a real shame that so many issues exist around the edges of this package , because those issues eventually started to diminish my enjoyment of the game 's good parts . Shadow of War , like its predecessor , rests on a single gimmick , but it 's a really good gimmick . When the action is at its best , with the gears of all those AI systems turning smoothly , it still offers an experience you ca n't get anywhere else .
( Reuters ) - An American woman has ended her attempt to become the first female to cross the Pacific Ocean by herself in a rowboat after running into rough weather and a piece of steering equipment failed off the coast of Japan , her team said on Sunday .
Sonya Baumstein , 30 , was rescued by the Japan Coast Guard a week after she began the four-to-six month odyssey to San Francisco , according to expeditionpacific.com , her support team 's website .
During her first seven days on the water , Baumstein lost her drogue , a critical steering system device , and battled strong headwinds while dealing with the prospect of rough weather in the forecast , the journey 's operations manager , Andrew Cull , said in a statement .
“ Sonya and some team members felt that things were n't going right . While we could n't put our finger on it , something felt wrong , ” he said .
Despite 16 attempted solo rows across the Pacific , no women and only two men have successfully completed the journey : Frenchmen Gerard d'Aboville in 1991 and Emmanuel Coindre in 2005 , according to Ocean Rowing Society records .
Baumstein was traveling in a custom-made 23-foot ( 7-meter ) , 660-pound ( 300-kg ) boat without a motor or sail . Baumstein 's boat had an electric water maker that desalinates seawater for drinking .
The only other woman to attempt to row from Japan to San Francisco was Briton Sarah Outen . But she was blown northward and after 149 days ended her 2013 journey in the Aleutian Islands .
Baumstein has not decided when or if she will attempt the trip again , Cull said .
Mike Pence is rushing home , leaving his Latin American trip early as Donald Trump has set fire to his presidency by completely embracing white supremacists .
It appears that Donald Trump 's presidency is in full crisis mode after he stubbornly embraced white supremacists and Nazis , and his vice president is abruptly ending his Latin American trip to rush home , presumably to try to help deal with the damage .
“ We prepare to end our trip a little bit early tomorrow in Panama , ” Mike Pence told reporters . “ I will return home tomorrow . ”
The latest alarm sign for Trump that his presidency is crumbling was the complete destruction of the advisory councils he had put together months ago . Multiple CEOs pulled out of the group , leading Trump to then impotently declare that he was ending them .
Pence also reiterated his support for Trump 's divisive remarks on the terrorist attack in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ I stand with the president , ” he said , and insisted that Trump “ has been clear ” on standing against racism . The claim is disconnected from reality , coming less than 24 hours after Trump delivered a full-throated defense of white supremacists , arguing that they were provoked by the “ alt-left , ” and characterizing pro-confederacy Nazis as “ fine people . ”
Pence was already in the midst of an erratically scheduled day in Santiago , Chile . He was originally scheduled to conduct a press conference alongside Chilean President Michelle Bachelet , then changed format so that no questions would be allowed . After reporters began inquiring about the change , Pence then decided to let himself be questioned .
Over the past few months , Pence has been visibly setting himself up as a president-in-waiting . He has assembled his own parallel political operation , including a PAC , while also barnstorming the country to meet with conservative influencers , and hosting Republican donors who could bankroll a presidential campaign .
With Trump on the ropes , Pence appears completely ready for a full takeover of the office .
Introducing SmashPad
For those not familiar with the competitive Super Smash Bros scene , diving in can be tough . When are tournaments happening ? Who are these players ? Why should I care who wins , and who should I be rooting for ? This is what SmashPad primarily aims to solve ; a one-stop shop to quickly discover the best Smash content , and find and watch the best players for each character or respective region and learn their stories .
Not a competitive Smash player ? SmashPad will still have much to offer you ; I intend to do my best to use SmashPad to try to organize the tremendous amounts of scattered Smash learning materials under one roof . Even if all you want is a guide to unlocking characters as fast as you can , you 'll be able to find it ; and if you want to learn how to beat your friends , you 'll be able to find and learn new techniques for your given character faster than searching Smashboards or any other source of Smash information .
Already a skilled player ? You will quickly be able to find and research frame data for any character , in any game , and have all of your content quickly accessible at your disposal .
This goes for Smash Bros for Wii U , Melee , Brawl , 64 , and more .
These are the goals of SmashPad 1.0 .
Why do you need Kickstarter ? I see an app in your video .
I have been building SmashPad on my own , and have made tremendous strides forward and have a working iOS app - I am continuing to compile content . However , I am an iOS programmer , and am I doing this project solo- while working a full time job to support a wife and home . Right now , the application runs on the iPhone and iPad . If I get more funding , I have a series of goals I would like to attain that are simply not feasible alone :
A better , more efficient and unique interface ( +1 graphics designer )
An Android port ( +1 Android developer and testing devices )
A mobile web port ( +1 web developer )
Tablet-specific features making better use of the bigger space . ( +1 time )
Much , much more content ( more than I can collect alone )
Tools targetted for Tournament Organizers running tournaments
Very cool features which I have started preliminary work on but am not ready to announce at this time- as I do n't know that I will have the free time to complete them .
I have tried to find volunteers , but have not had much success finding reliable assistance .
I have made a policy of not announcing something if I am not sure I can deliver , and you can see where I am at with this app . Any funding I raise on Kickstarter will go directly to improving the quality of this app ; content , features , and ports .
Goals
The $ 1,500 target is intended to dramatically improve the quality of the app , by paying for graphics design help , content production , hosting , and other costs . The app will get done much faster , with much more content and more features .
At $ 5,000 , I will be able to commit to an Android port . This is something I very much would like to do .
At $ 10,000 , there will be a web app as well .
At $ 14,000 or above , expect some very big new features , including ones to help run a tournament off your phone !
All money raised here on Kickstarter will be used to further the app 's development , faster and better .
Who are you , anyway ?
My name is Chris Hardin , known in the competitive Super Smash Bros community as Praxis , and I have been part of the Smash community since 2008 . I have played all of the games competitively in tournament , and was a member of the Brawl Back Room during Super Smash Bros Brawl 's competitive era . I have been a longtime and ( love or hate me ) vocal member of the community both online and offline and have traveled to regional and national tournaments across the US , from San Diego to New York , as well as meeting and playing with other Smash players at small local Smashfests in the Paris , the Netherlands , and Japan at different points .
I have been developing SmashPad for some time and am very excited to reveal it to all of you , and hope that you will enjoy and use it as much as I do already . My reputation in the community will be at stake in this , and I will show my current progress by distributing a very early version of the app to major notable streamers to test out .
Thank you for your interest and support in what I hope will be the future of Super Smash Bros content consumption !
Police car ( Photo : File photo )
More than a week after two former Detroit narcotics officers , accused of robbing drug dealers , were arraigned on charges in federal court , another former drug cop is now facing a drug charge , according to court records .
Arthur Leavells was charged in U.S. District Court with count of conspiracy to distribute cocaine .
Detroit Police Chief James Craig confirmed that Leavells is a former narcotics officer , who had been suspended and later resigned .
Craig declined to comment on the charges . A spokeswoman with the U.S. Attorney 's Office could not be reached for comment .
Former narcotics officers Lt. David Hansberry and Officer Bryan Watson , accused of robbery and extortion , were arraigned on April 9 on a number of charges .
According to an indictment filed in U.S. District Court , accusations against the officers include making traffic stops and fake arrests to steal drugs , money and property ; arranging drug deals with civilians , then , rather than completing the sales , robbing and extorting the participants ; and using their position as police officers `` to assist in their scheme . ''
Hansberry and Watson are suspended without pay .
Leavells , records show , conspired to distribute cocaine between June 2010 and August 2014 .
Earlier this month , Craig said he was troubled by the allegations against Hansberry and Watson and said : `` The vast majority of the men and women of the Detroit Police Department are honest and hardworking ; they honor the badge they wear and the oath they took to serve and protect the citizens of this city . ''
Another man , Calvin Turner , was also charged this week with conspiracy to distribute cocaine for an incident that occurred on April 16 , 2013 , according to court records .
And indicted earlier this month was Kevlin Omar Brown , who court records indicate was an `` associate '' of Hansberry . He was charged with one count of interference with commerce by robbery or extortion .
Attorney Kenneth Sasse , who is representing Brown , said his understanding is that his client and Hansberry have `` been friends for a long time . '' He also said that Brown `` denies his guilt . ''
Records indicate that Brown has a criminal history that dates back decades .
According to the Michigan Department of Corrections , Brown was sentenced to two years of probation on a weapons charge in April 1989 for an incident that occurred in February 1987 .
Brown was also put on probation in 1991 for a weapons charge and , in another case , after being convicted of being an accessory after the fact to a felony in a case in which he had originally been charged with open murder and assault with intent to murder , court records show .
Brown was arrested in Southfield in November 2002 for operating while impaired and resisting and obstructing a police officer and was sentenced in April 2003 to 18 months of probation .
He was also put on probation in 2009 in a case out of Oakland County for failure to pay child support and was discharged from probation in 2012 , according to the corrections department . Sasse said his understanding is Brown turned out not to be the father of the child .
Sasse said he is not sure which cases , but said his client is disputing some of his prior criminal record .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/1G2b5oz
Every so often Marvel attempts to explain some of the weirder aspects of the fictional universe described in their comics by invoking some more-or-less obscure bit of science , technology , engineering , or mathematics . I am concerned with the mathematics today , and in particular the way that the mathematics of the transfinite has been used ( abused ? ) to explain the relative power status of various ‘ cosmic ' beings ( e.g . how can one omnipotent being been more powerful than another ? )
One such incident occurs in Doctor Strange : Sorcerer Supreme # 21 , where it is implied that the Marvel multiverse is made up of the transfinite numbers . Transfinite cardinal numbers – presumably the authors do n't have ordinals in mind – are the numbers that measure the size of infinite sets ( the finite cardinals are just the numbers that measure the size of finite sets – that is , 0 , 1 , 2 , and so on ) . Since there is an infinite series of larger and larger infinite sets , there is an infinite sequence of transfinite cardinal numbers . Georg Cantor , who was the first mathematician to study transfinite numbers , himself makes an appearance on this page , although for some reason he is transformed from a German mathematics professor to a Russian monk ( I doubt Cantor ever wore a cool hood like the one in the art – Cantor did in fact go mad , however ) . But the page makes a deeper mistake : a tranfinite number is not a ( cardinal ) number greater than infinity , but rather a ( cardinal ) number greater than any finite cardinal number ( thinking about the etymology of the word should have made this clear : “ transfinite ” is “ beyond the finite ” , not “ beyond the infinite ” – presumably they meant something like Cantor 's notion of the absolute infinite , which is beyond all the transfinite numbers , but whose existence is highly controversial amongst mathematicians and philosophers who work in this area ) .
Things get a good bit more confusing in other , later comics , however . In the page reproduced on the right , Kubik is explaining the nature of infinitely powerful cosmic beings to the newly formed Kosmos ( I think it 's from Fantastic Four somewhere – please school me on the exact reference in the comments ! ) First off , Marvel seems to equate omnipotence with being infinitely powerful ( already problematic ) . But then , since on this reading of “ omniscient ” there are lots of omniscient beings in the Marvel multiverse , and some of these are clearly more powerful than others , an explanation of this discrepancy is required . Cleverly , Cantor 's hierarchy of transfinite numbers is wheeled in to do the job .
So far , so good . But the problem is this : they get the math wrong – badly . Here is the relevant bit of the conversation between Kubik and Kosmos :
Kubik : Consider then , the set called whole numbers ~ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and so on . Is it not infinite ? Kosmos : Obviously . Kubik : Then consider the set called the even numbers ~ 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , and so on – how long is it ? Kosmos : Why , infinite , of course . Kubik : Half of infinity is still infinity . And the same would be true of the set of odd numbers ? Kosmos : Of course . Kubuk : Both sets are infinite , and yet the set of whole numbers contains both subsets , and is therefore twice as large as either subset alone . Kosmos : … ? … ! Kubik : Thus are demonstrated two levels of infinity . There are , of course , an infinite number more .
[ Admission : I like to interpret the fourth panel – the close-up of a shocked Kosmos where she utters “ … ? … . ! ” – as depicting Kosmos ' dismay at what a crappy mathematician Kubik is , especially for an infinitely powerful cosmic being . But I suspect that is not the reading the creators intended – see below ! ]
Basically , the infinitely powerful Kubik has achieved a cutting edge level of mathematical expertise – or would have , were it about 1600 AD . The confusion here is pretty much what has come to be called Galileo 's paradox : How can the collection of even numbers be both half the size of the collection of whole numbers , since we obtain the evens by taking every other whole number , and also the same size , since we can match up each even number to exactly one whole number ( and vice versa ) as follows :
1 < – > 2 2 < – > 4 3 < – > 6 4 < – > 8 5 < – > 10 and so on .
Roughly three hundred years later , Cantor cleared all this up . Basically , his idea was that two sets are the same size if and only if the elements in the sets can be matched up one-one like the wholes and evens are above , and are different sizes if they ca n't . He also proved that for any set ( including any infinite set ) , there is another set that is strictly speaking bigger than the first set . As a result of Cantor 's insights ( along with those of other mathematicians including Dedekind , Zermelo , and others ) set theory is one of the richest and most productive areas of modern mathematics . But here 's the kicker : the set of all whole numbers , and the set of even numbers , are n't an example of this phenomenon : they are the same size , or , in more technical jargon , have the same ( transfinite ) cardinal number , since they can be mapped one-one to one another as shown above ( self-serving plug : for a good , rigorous yet readable introduction to all this , see Chapter 4 of this excellent book ! )
Now , the obvious explanation of all of this is that the writers at Marvel recalled hearing something about different sizes of infinity in a philosophy course at some point during their alcohol-soaked college years , but could n't remember the details ( or misremembered them , etc . ) , and so they just made some shit up . Fine and dandy . But the really interesting question is this : How should we interpret passages such as the one above , where cosmic beings seem to be sincerely explaining the nature of the multiverse in terms of transfinite cardinal numbers , but where they get the mathematics horribly wrong ?
The first option is to interpret the incident as one where Kubik just makes a mistake . On this reading , everyone , including infinitely powerful cosmic beings , are fallible , and Kubik just did n't pay enough attention in his “ advanced mathematics of the infinite ” course at Cosmic Beings College . But this seems a stretch . After all , setting the mathematics aside , it seems clear that we are meant to take this page to be a sincere and correct explanation of the nature of infinite powers within the Marvel universe ( i.e . the creators intended us to interpret it that way and , barring ret-conning or other overt manipulation of the content , it seems that is enough to justify the claim that we ought to understand the page that way ) .
The second option is to interpret the incident as one where Kubik gets it exactly right . On this reading , the mathematics of the Marvel multiverse is just different than the mathematics that holds in our actual world . Of course , most philosophers and mathematicians think that mathematics is necessary – that is , that the truths of mathematics are the same in any way that the world could have possibly been ( further , many think that even in ‘ possible worlds ' where the laws of physics might be different , the laws of mathematics would remain the same ! ) In short , there is a way the world could have been where I was a mathematician and not a philosopher , but there is no way that the world could have been where there are more whole numbers than natural numbers . As a result , Marvel comics are describing a ‘ reality ' that is not even possible in a basic , logical sense .
As a result , if we opt for the second reading , then we find ourselves in a conundrum : If Marvel 's comics , and the description of the multiverse contained in them , is a correct description of that multiverse , but is also ( from the perspective of the real world ) completely impossible – that is , the world could n't possibly have been that way – then it is not clear that , in some deep sense , we can understand these comics in the first place . The characters depicted in these comics live in a reality that is so different from our own that it is not clear what it might mean to say that we understand what living in such a world might be like . But of course we do seem to understand what living in such a world might be like , and presumably we think that we get more information about what it would be like every time we read a new Marvel comic . Hence , the conundrum .
Of course , DC might have even bigger problems along these lines – see the Superman panel above .
Alright – discuss !
The six-and-a-half foot tall , 530-pound aluminum suit looks like something out of an action movie . In reality it has an entirely different — and more intriguing — purpose . Come this summer , scientists will be using the suit , known as the Exosuit , to dive up to 1,000 feet into the ocean with the aim of collecting and studying bioluminescent fish . At such extreme depths , despite almost no visible light , a bounty of mysterious , glowing fish thrive . And with the Exosuit , scientists will observe these fish like never before .
The Exosuit itself is the latest `` atmospheric diving system '' — a term for suits that protect the operator in a bubble of hospitable conditions . That means divers using a suit like this feel the same pressure that you and I do here on the surface of the planet , and they do n't have to be placed in a decompression chamber immediately after a dive .
Such suits have existed for over a hundred years — early models looked more like a Big Daddy than the Exosuit — but this latest version is lighter and allows for more precise movements . That 's thanks to 18 rotary joints , highlighted in red , that allow the diver to maneuver their arms and legs . And despite the suit 's size , `` it 's basically effortless to pilot in the water , '' according to the American Museum of Natural History 's dive safety officer Michael Lombardi , who 's trained with the system and will be conducting the deep-sea dives later this year . A diver could technically swim with his limbs in the suit , but it 's equipped with four 1.6 horsepower thrusters that assist with movement . The Exosuit is also safer and more capable than prior models : it 's connected by a tether to a boat on the surface , but it carries enough battery power and oxygen to keep the diver alive underwater for 50 hours .
`` We feel like we 're walking on the moon , because there are just a handful of studies in this area ''
There 's only one such suit in existence , and it 's owned by a contracting company called J.F . White . It 's currently on display at the American Museum of Natural History ( AMNH ) in New York through March 5th , and the museum held an event this week to mark the suit 's arrival . The $ 600,000 ensemble has already seen some action in commercial areas since it was completed in 2012 , including a mission to work on the massive water tunnels that serve New York City . But this summer 's Barlow Bluewater Expedition off the coast of New England will be its first scientific endeavor .
The goals of the expedition are twofold . Scientists led by John Sparks , a curator at the AMNH , are hoping to observe strange bioluminescent fish that use chemical reactions to emit distinguishing light patterns . Key to Sparks ' studies is the question of how fish diversified down in these dark expanses of the ocean , where there are no physical barriers to prevent cross-breeding . He believes that unique light displays helped pair mates and keep species from converging over time . `` If we can image or video unique flashing patterns for the different species , then we know that they 're using this light to communicate with each other , '' Sparks told reporters at the AMNH event .
To find out , Lombardi will use the Exosuit equipped with a suction tool to capture interesting specimens . The fish will then be stuck in a `` cartridge '' and placed in front of an extremely sensitive camera attached to a remotely operated vehicle , called the DeepReef-ROV , that will accompany Lombardi on the mission . A fiber-optic tether will share data with scientists on the surface , and they 'll be able to prod the fish and examine its flashing behavior by shining their own lights on the specimen .
But that 's only the start : researchers also hope the fish can help understand the human brain . A group , led by neurobiologist Vincent Pieribone of Yale University , is working on harvesting the bioluminescent proteins in these fish to help see how their brains work . In the lab , they combine and mutate engineered proteins with DNA so that the proteins will respond to electric activity in the cell . With these modifications , they can `` in essence read out the electrical activity of a structure , a brain , or an organism , '' Pieribone says . `` By just shining the correct light on it you can see the cells fire . '' With his probes , scientists can actually see brain activity thanks to flashes from these bioluminescent proteins . In the future , Pieribone plans to use this knowledge to help patients with brain injuries interact with machines and robotic tools , allowing them to be more independent .
To get there , he needs the right proteins first , and since scientists are unable to recreate them in the lab , Pieribone is going straight to the source . `` We have just exhausted the capability of doing it engineering-wise , but you go into the ocean and it 's already been done . It 's billions of years of evolution . ''
As for the dive itself , Lombardi says he expects to be at depth for three to five hours at a time , compared to just minutes for some of the wet dives he 's performed in the past to snatch biofluorescent fish . `` On one dive , I spent seven minutes at depth and came back with a new species , and so now I can spend five hours at depth ... It changes the game . ''
When Senator George Brandis said that we have a right to be a bigot , he was in one sense right . He did not ( I assume ) mean that it is right to be a bigot , but that in liberal society we ought all to have freedom of conscience - that is , we have a right to think whatever we like no matter how horrible it is . So Bill Shorten 's and many others ' attacks on him involved either misunderstanding or deliberately misinterpreting his comments in the Senate on Monday night .
Where Brandis is wrong , or at least unjustifiably selective , is on what follows from this right . In his attempt to repeal section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act , Brandis is using this `` right to be a bigot '' to allow people who have bigoted views to express them in speech . This is the common justification of free speech : freedom of conscience is meaningless without being able to act on it in some way .
Attorney-General George Brandis in Parliament . Credit : Andrew Meares
So far so good . The problem , and I 'm certainly not the first person to say this , is that while we think conscience should be entirely free , actions that we take on behalf of our conscience are an entirely different matter . These actions affect other people , and thus their interests need also to be considered before giving carte blanche to free speech .
Of course , and here Brandis is also right , mere offence is not normally sufficient to limit one 's free speech . But it is here that Brandis is on some very shaky ground and appears to have been particularly selective in reading from his well-known library of political theory . There are two types of arguments that resist Brandis ' insistence that if you are a bigot you have a right to say whatever you think in the public sphere .
New Jersey Governor and Republican presidential hopeful Chris Christie speaks at Chabad House at Rutgers University to express his opposition to President Obama 's Iran deal on August 25 , 2015 in New Brunswick , New Jersey . Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images
One of the few Republican presidential hopefuls who had n't been espousing crazy ideas about immigration apparently did not want to get left behind . At a campaign stop in New Hampshire , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said that if he were president , he would track immigrants like Federal Express packages . “ You go online and at any moment , FedEx can tell you where that package is . It 's on the truck . It 's at the station . It 's on the airplane , ” Christie said at a town hall even in Laconia , N.H. on Saturday . “ Yet we let people come to this country with visas , and the minute they come in , we lose track of them . ”
“ So here 's what I 'm going to do as president : I 'm going to ask Fred Smith , the founder of FedEx , to come work for the government for three months , just come for three months to Immigration and Customs Enforcement and show these people. ” Smith is the father of Christie spokeswoman Samantha Smith , notes CNN .
Christie apparently wants to create a massive surveillance system in order to do this so that the government knows exactly where every immigrant is all the time . “ We need to have a system that tracks you from the moment you come in and then when your time is up … however long your visa is , then we go get you and tap you on the shoulder and say , ‘ Excuse me , thanks for coming , it 's time to go . ' ”
The United States issued 9,932,480 nonimmigrant visas last year , according to the State Department .
Christie had been taking a rather moderate stance on immigration and has not endorsed building a fence or wall along the border . Yet this latest remark “ shows again how serious the Republican field of presidential contenders is about catching up to billionaire Donald Trump , whose campaign has been built in part on such tough talk , ” notes the Washington Post .
Credit : Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
Dolly Parton Reveals She Almost Committed Suicide After Her Affair Came to an End
by 0 Shares
Advertisement
Dolly Parton was so heartbroken after her affair came to an end , she tried to end her life by shooting herself . Thankfully , her dog intervened at the last minute and stopped her from pulling the trigger .
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Apr 20 , 2017 at 9:17am PDT
The “ 9 To 5 ” hitmaker revealed she sunk so deep into a depressive state when the secret relationship she was having with a man – whose identity is not known – came to an end that she considered ending her own life . It was only her pet pooch Popeye , who came running up the stairs just as she lifted the firearm out of her bedside drawer , that stopped her .
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Apr 27 , 2017 at 1:36pm PDT
`` I was sitting upstairs in my bedroom one afternoon when I noticed in the night-stand drawer my gun that I keep for burglars , ” she wrote in her new book Dolly on Dolly , obtained by the Daily Mail . “ I looked at it a long time . Then , just as I picked it up , just to hold it and look at it for a moment , our little dog Popeye came running up the stairs . ”
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Apr 6 , 2017 at 2:48pm PDT
“ The tap-tap-tap of his paws jolted me back to reality and I suddenly froze , ” she continued . “ I put the gun down . Then I prayed . I kinda believe Popeye was a spiritual messenger from God . ''
Although she 's convinced her little Boston Terrier ultimately saved her life , she does n't think she would have gone through with the suicide anyway .
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Feb 23 , 2017 at 11:16am PST
`` I do n't think I 'd have done it , killed myself , but I ca n't say for sure , ” she explained . “ Now that I 've gone through that terrible moment , I can certainly understand the possibilities even for someone solid like me if the pain gets bad enough . ''
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Nov 12 , 2016 at 6:09pm PST
The 71-year-old singer is adamant she 'll never reveal the identity of her mystery man , but it 's believed her lover may have been Gregg Perry . `` I cried an ocean . But I ai n't gon na talk about it any more . I 've got to keep some mystery , ” she added .
A post shared by Dolly Parton ( @ dollyparton ) on Feb 4 , 2017 at 11:17am PST
The American Lung Association just released a health report Los Angeles politicians will most probably try to ignore , and hope the public will not notice , but facts are facts : Los Angeles ' air quality sucks , and its residents are paying the price .
According to the ALA 's `` State of the Air 2011 '' study , Los Angeles ranks number one in the United States with the worst `` ozone pollution , '' number four with the worst `` short-term particle pollution , '' and number two with the worst `` annual particle pollution . ''
Continue Reading
`` Ozone and particle pollution levels today still contribute to thousands of hospitalizations , emergency room visits and early deaths every year , '' says Dr. Sonal Patel , volunteer physician for the American Lung Association in California , in a prepared statement . `` We know that air pollution can literally stunt children 's lung development . ''
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , L.A. City Council President Eric Garcetti , and his 14 colleagues on the City Council also know about the devastating effects of air pollution on the health of children , the sick , and the elderly , but they still refuse to try to remedy the situation .
As L.A. Weekly reported in the 2010 cover story `` Black Lung Lofts , '' local politicians have long known about scientific studies that show that kids , the infirm , and senior citizens who live near freeways -- the site of some of the worst air pollution -- are more likely to get horribly sick than people who live farther away from major roadways .
The American Lung Association also points out that `` California 's pollution problems are primarily driven by high emissions from cars , trucks , buses , fuels , diesel equipment , and other transportation sources . ''
Scientists have suggested to L.A. city officials that they should seriously consider creating a buffer zone between , for example , an apartment complex and a freeway . While that zone would n't apply to existing dwellings , it could certainly be applicable for future development projects . Local politicians have done nothing .
The American Lung Association 's study only further underlines the dangerous health impacts Angelenos face , and the need for some kind of legislative action by the Villaraigosa , Garcetti , and the City Council .
`` Air pollution is a serious health threat to all Californians , '' says Jane Warner , president of the American Lung Association in California , in a prepared statement . `` California has made tremendous improvements in the fight for clean air thanks to the work of the state 's strong Air Resources Board and local Air Quality Management Districts but much still needs to be done . Cleaning up pollution results in healthier air . Now is not the time to stop progress . ''
We just wonder if anyone at L.A. City Hall is listening .
Contact Patrick Range McDonald at pmcdonald @ laweekly.com .
What 's new in the world of Riverdale and beyond ? Take a look below at previews of CHILLING ADVENTURES OF SABRINA # 7 , RIVERDALE # 4 , ARCHIE CROSSOVER COLLECTION TP , RIVERDALE DIGEST # 2 , ARCHIE SUMMER ANNUAL # 280 , ARCHIE 75TH ANNIVERSARY DIGEST # 11 and WORLD OF ARCHIE SUMMER ANNUAL # 70 .
To purchase these and other great Archie Comics , find a comic shop near you using the Comic Shop Locator service , visit the Archie Comics Online Store , or download the Archie App !
Keep reading for a look at the covers and preview pages for these exciting new Archie Comics titles .
CHILLING ADVENTURES OF SABRINA # 7
THE HORROR ADVENTURES OF SABRINA RETURN ! Learn the haunting backstory of Sabrina 's father , Edward Spellman .
Script : Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
Art : Robert Hack , Jack Morelli
Cover : Robert Hack
Variant Cover : Moritat
On Sale Date : 7/5
40-page , full color comic
$ 4.99 U.S .
For a preview of CHILLING ADVENTURES OF SABRINA # 7 , visit the ArchieHorror website .
VARIANT COVER :
RIVERDALE # 4
From Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and the writers of the new CW series Riverdale , this ALL-NEW , ongoing comic series features stories set in between episodes of the new CW TV series Riverdale .
Meet Kevin Keller : an openly gay , well-liked member of Riverdale . Unfortunately , Kevin 's likability does n't always translate to romance , and finding a suitable partner in Riverdale is harder than you might think !
Script : Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa , Michael Grassi
Art : Joe Eisma , Andre Szymanowicz , John Workman
Cover : Francesco Francavilla
Variant Covers : Robert Hack , T. Rex
On Sale Date : 7/5
32-page , full color comic
$ 3.99 U.S .
ARCHIE CROSSOVER COLLECTION ( TR )
Get ready for this star-studded event as icons from music , film and sports visit Riverdale ! From The Ramones to Michael Strahan , you 'll be star-struck reading this special collection !
Script : Alex Segura , Matthew Rosenberg , Dan Parent
Art : Gisele Lagace , Dan Parent , Jeff Shultz
Cover : Various
978-1-68255-968-0
$ 14.99/ $ 16.99CAN
6 5/8 x 10 3/16 ”
TR
136 pp , Full Color
Direct Market On-Sale Date : 7/5
RIVERDALE DIGEST # 2
See how everything led to the CW 's Riverdale TV show with this digest-sized collection featuring stories from our recently relaunched titles , including Archie , Jughead , Betty and Veronica , Josie and the Pussycats and Reggie and Me !
Script : Mark Waid , Adam Hughes , Chip Zdarsky , Marguerite Bennett , Cameron DeOrdio , Tom DeFalco
Art : Fiona Staples , Erica Henderson , Adam Hughes , Audrey Mok , Sandy Jarrell , Andre Szymanowicz , Kelly Fitzpatrick , Jack Morelli
Cover : Francesco Francavilla
On Sale Date : 7/5
128-page , full color comic
$ 5.99 U.S .
ARCHIE SUMMER ANNUAL # 280
It 's SUMMER FUN MONTH ! with the new lead story “ Beachwatch ” ! They 're filming a new “ Beachwatch ” movie on the beach , and Archie is thrilled to have gotten a part in it ! But will he become a star , or will something cause him to get burned ?
Script : Dan Parent
Art : Dan Parent , Jim Amash , Glenn Whitmore , Jack Morelli
Cover : Dan Parent
On Sale Date : 7/5
192-page , full color comic
$ 5.99 U.S .
ARCHIE 75TH ANNIVERSARY DIGEST # 11
Celebrate Archie 's 75th anniversary in a special way with this commemorative digest that revisits the historic “ Archie Marries ” storyline !
Script : Various
Art : Various
Cover : Dan DeCarlo , Rosario “ Tito ” Peña
On Sale Date : 7/5
224-page , full color comic
$ 6.99 U.S .
WORLD OF ARCHIE SUMMER ANNUAL # 70
BRAND NEW SUMMER STORY ! In “ Club Dread , ” Veronica brings the gang to a fun-filled island resort . But she does n't tell them about the horror-themed murder mystery event that happens at night !
Script : Dan Parent
Art : Bill Galvan , Bob Smith , Glenn Whitmore , Jack Morelli
Cover : Dan Parent
On Sale Date : 7/5
192-page , full color comic
$ 5.99 U.S .
A Temple University student is recovering after he was shot during an attempted robbery outside a party . NBC10 's Monique Braxton spoke to the victim as well as another Temple student . ( Published Saturday , Nov. 8 , 2014 )
A gunman shot a Temple University student early Saturday morning as the teen stood outside a North Philly home -- blocks from the college 's main campus -- in an attempted armed robbery .
The 19-year-old victim was in stable condition at Hahnemann University Hospital Saturday morning after he was shot in the hip while standing outside a home , where a party was taking place , along the 1500 block of North 17th Street around 1 a.m. , authorities said .
The suspect , a man in his early 20 's , tried to get in the party but was n't allowed inside , investigators told NBC10 . He then approached the student and said , `` give me everything you got , '' as he pulled up his shirt to reveal a silver semi-automatic handgun stuck in his waistband , according to a witness account .
The victim then charged at the gunman , who pulled out his weapon and fired , according to authorities .
`` I heard a pop , '' said a 19-year-old student who was at a house party when the shooting occurred . `` Then I just ran outside . ''
The student , who wanted to remain anonymous , told NBC10 he tried to help the victim .
`` I applied the pressure on his wound , '' the student said . `` I put both my hands right on his hip . Also some kid who was an EMT took out a sweatshirt and covered him up and then the officer showed up and carried him out . ''
Other Temple students received an alert from school officials that included a description of the suspect -- a male who was wearing a red-hooded sweatshirt , a red beanie hat and blue jeans , according to reports .
Police later confirmed the description .
The shooting occurred within a Temple police patrol area , which was expanded to North 18th Street in September .
Photo credit : NBC10.com
Dan Jovinelli , a sophomore at Temple who lives across the street from where the shooting took place , told NBC10 he 's used to hearing gunfire .
`` A little piece of you dies in the inside a little bit every time you hear it , '' Jovinelli said . `` Living in this area it happens sometimes . This happened last year on Cecil B . Same type of situation . When I first moved to the area it was a little frightening . But you just want to make sure everyone is okay . ''
The victim , who did not want to be identified , told NBC10 he was `` happy to be alive . '' He is expected to be released from the hospital Saturday night .
An investigation is underway .
Collingwood is set to cut ties with football director Graeme Allan after he joins former colleague Craig Lambert in accepting a one-year ban over the Lachie Whitfield affair that will also see the Giants player banned for six months .
The new Magpies football boss , who signed a statutory declaration with the club over his role in the Whitfield matter , is almost certain to end his employment with the club as a result of pleading guilty to conduct unbecoming and accepting a one-year penalty .
While club bosses refused to take a position on Allan until the official details of the sanctions were released , Fairfax Media understands he remains extremely unlikely to return to the club after serving his suspension . Should Collingwood remove Allan , the decision would mark a significant about-face from president Eddie McGuire .
Allan insisted to Collingwood club bosses before he got the job that he had done no wrong but now pleading guilty on the basis of the same known facts makes a stark contrast to that assurance .
The U.S. State Department gave a vote of confidence to the Keystone XL pipeline on Friday , saying in a report that it has no major environmental objections to the construction of the megaproject .
The report says development of the massive pipeline to move oil from Alberta to refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast wo n't significantly increase the rate of oil extraction and release an unacceptable level of greenhouse gases .
That had been a key hurdle standing in the way of the project 's approval . Calgary-based TransCanada has been seeking approval for the 1,800-kilometre , $ 7-billion project for several years .
Canadian Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver welcomed the report 's findings and said he hoped for a speedy approval of the project .
`` This is the fifth federal study on the environmental impact of the Keystone XL pipeline . Each previous one has stated that building Keystone XL would not adversely affect the environment , '' Oliver said .
He noted that the report says that not building the project would actually lead to the release of as much as 28 to 42 per cent more greenhouse gases , because of energy consumed moving the same volume of oil via other means , such as by rail , trucks or barges .
`` The benefits to the U.S. and Canada are clear . We await a timely decision on this project , '' Oliver said .
Long project
Friday 's report is a step closer toward final approval , but far from the final one .
The State Department has yet to rule on whether the project is in America 's best interest for non-environmental reasons and there is no date set for that ruling . Beyond that , ultimately the approval for the project will rest with the White House , which has yet to OK the deal . Obama sent the plan back to the State Department for further study before the last presidential election in 2011 .
`` Approval or denial of any one crude oil transport project … is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oilsands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at refineries in the United States , '' the report says .
The report calls for a 90-day comment period , where stakeholders and interested parties are asked to comment on the report 's environmental assessment of the project .
The Canadian government and other backers of the project welcome the report 's conclusions . Alberta Premier Alison Redford called the report `` an important step toward approval of a pipeline that will build our economic partnership with our friends in the U.S. and help foster North American energy security and independence . ''
The American Petroleum Institute CEO Jack Gerard declared the report had put environmental concerns to rest .
“ Five years , five federal reviews , dozens of public meetings , over a million comments and one conclusion ─ the Keystone XL pipeline is safe for the environment , ” said Gerard .
“ This long-awaited project should now be swiftly approved . It 's time to put thousands of Americans to work , '' he added .
But the pipeline 's many opponents are already vowing to redouble their efforts to see that it 's ultimately halted .
Tim Gray of Canadian group Environmental Defence said the U.S. should be dealing with carbon pollution rather than building pipelines .
`` The bottom line is that it will never be easy to build a pipeline anywhere in North America . The opposition to the pipeline is strong in Canada too , '' Gray said .
Opposition mounting
There 's already a lawsuit in Nebraska to prevent the governor from forcing landowners to allow the pipeline on their property . And there 's a State Department internal investigation into conflict-of-interest allegations against contractors who worked on the report , but had also done past work for pipeline builder TransCanada Corp .
Project opponents made it abundantly clear that they would n't be deterred .
`` In addition to the fact that [ the report authors ] ignored the science , interagency criticism , basic economics of the industry and TransCanada 's own recent admission that the pipeline is the key to opening up the tarsands , the fact that a foreign oil company and foreign government were given critical intelligence ahead of everyone else tells you all you need to know about how useless this [ report ] is , '' an adviser to billionaire Keystone opponent Tom Steyer told The Canadian Press on Friday .
Shares of TransCanada rose slightly on the news , just over one per cent in the minutes after the release of the report .
TransCanada CEO Russ Girling welcomed the decision , saying the pipeline capacity the company can sell in advance is all spoken for . TransCanada emphasized the enhanced security of the pipeline compared to shipping oil by rail , which many of its customers are doing .
`` From a safety perspective , this will be the safest pipeline built to date in the U.S. From that perspective , this pipeline is in the national interest of the U.S , '' Girling said in a teleconference .
`` Keystone XL has been shown time and time again to be the safest way to transport North American oil , to get oil to refineries in the Midwest and the Gulf Coast . It will have a minimal impact on the environment and it will not exacerbate environmental emissions , '' he said .
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers own the No . 1 pick in the 2015 NFL draft . Almost everyone agrees that they 'll choose a quarterback . But who will become their face of hope ? Will Florida State 's Jameis Winston make the short trip south from Tallahassee to start his pro career ? Or will Oregon 's Marcus Mariota be the answer ? Each week until the selection is announced April 30 , we 'll help you digest the latest news and rumors about the two quarterbacks and what the Bucs might be thinking .
He has declared himself the draft 's top talent .
He has jumped through figurative hoops at the NFL combine , dodged real brooms at his pro day and handled questions with the same ease that was displayed in shredding defenses the past two seasons at Florida State .
He has moxie . He has charisma . He has the on-field intangibles to be interesting , if not a bona fide NFL star one day .
What 's left for Winston to do ?
Barring an off-field flub in the final moments before April 30 , it looks like the Bucs ' choice is easy . The so-called decision between Winston and Mariota has become as anticlimactic as a box office bust .
At this point , it will be a five-alarm surprise if the Bucs do n't take Winston . Coach Lovie Smith and general manager Jason Licht have said all the right things . Winston has done nothing this offseason to harm himself . Momentum keeps rolling in his favor like a mid-winter avalanche . Winston looks like the plug-and-play answer for a franchise that has had its share of defective quarterbacks the past two years .
His pro day at Tallahassee offered more lessons last week . Again , he was impressive . Again , he looked like the draft 's Rolls-Royce .
Winston says he 's the best this class has to offer . The more he does on the field , the more he shows why he 's likely right .
NEWS AND RUMORS ROUNDUP
— USA Today : Jarrett Bell writes that Winston wins again on pro day 's big stage .
— FOX Sports : James Parziale writes that Winston 's interview after the quarterback 's pro day was awesome .
— ESPN ( via Pro Football Talk ) : Pat Yasinskas writes that the Bucs ' next move after drafting Winston could be trading Mike Glennon .
— NBC Sports Network ( via NJ.com ) : Ex-Giants offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride compares Winston to Eli Manning and Drew Bledsoe .
— Tampa Bay Times : Steve Persall writes that , according to the director of `` Hunting Ground , '' Winston 's accuser wanted her side told .
— Tampa Bay Times : Kurt Warner says there 's no question that Winston is the top QB prospect .
— Tallahassee Democrat : Safid Deen writes that Winston impresses ESPN 's Jon Gruden during taping for QB camp show .
— Tampa Tribune : Roy Cummings writes that Winston 's momentum has not been derailed .
— Forbes : Teams might be `` spying '' on Winston before the draft .
— Bleacher Report ( via Bucs Nation ) : Winston expected to face second rape-related accusation .
— ESPN : Adam Schefter writes that , like Winston , Mariota does n't plan to attend the NFL draft .
MOCK DRAFTS
This is who the experts have the Bucs drafting with the No . 1 pick :
— Peter King ( MMQB ) : Winston ( as of April 1 )
— Don Banks ( Sports Illustrated ) : Winston ( as of April 1 )
— Todd McShay ( ESPN ) : Winston ( as of March 30 )
— Pete Prisco ( CBSSports.com ) : Winston ( as of March 31 )
— Rob Rang ( CBSSports.com ) : Winston ( as of March 29 )
— Dane Brugler ( CBSSports.com ) : Winston ( as of March 29 )
— Will Brunson ( CBSSports.com ) : Winston ( as of April 3 )
— Bucky Brooks ( NFL.com ) : Winston ( as of March 30 )
TWEETS
New @ NFLonFOX podcast up . Guest is Brady Quinn ( @ 3rd_Goal ) . Winston/Mariota discussion and Veterans Combine talk : https : //t.co/qKEZRJZ4Bo — Peter Schrager ( @ PSchrags ) April 2 , 2015
If Winston and Mariota go 1-2 in the draft , recent history says one will be a star and one will be a bust . http : //t.co/IVX8Fln0GJ — Gary Myers ( @ garymyersNYDN ) April 5 , 2015
No Winston or Mariota at the NFL Draft is a pretty significant buzzkill . Not what the league wants for its first big draft roadshow . — Bart Hubbuch ( @ BartHubbuch ) April 1 , 2015
S/O to my bro @ pjwilliams_26 and darby_ronald for my bday present https : //t.co/3koKETugg0 — Jameis Winston ( @ Jaboowins ) March 30 , 2015
QUOTE OF THE WEEK
`` I 'm the best player in this draft . '' — Winston to reporters after his pro day workout last Tuesday in Tallahassee .
You can follow Andrew Astleford on Twitter @ aastleford or email him at aastleford @ gmail.com .
L'affaire Petraeus : second woman identified , and Gmail metadata outed Broadwell and Petraeus
Well , that did n't take long .
On Friday , CIA chief and retired general David Petraeus , 60 , resigned after an FBI probe stumbled on evidence of an extramarital affair , and hinted at possible security violations . The other woman was soon identified as Paula Broadwell , 40 , his protegé , biographer , and paramour . The FBI encountered news of their liasons , the narrative went , after a woman who 'd received threatening and harrassing emails from Broadwell complained to the FBI .
On Saturday , the Wall Street Journal identified that `` other other woman '' as being based in Florida , and specified that she was neither a government employee nor a member of Petraeus ' family . Some of the defense/intelligence journalists I spoke to over the weekend theorized that Florida might mean Tampa , where the US military 's Central Command and Special Operations Command is based , and that the as-yet-unidentified `` other other woman '' might be either a member of the press , or someone who works in a non-official capacity with CENTCOM , and may or may not have had any romantic connection with Petraeus .
They were right .
Today , the Associated Press broke the news the second woman was Jill Kelley , 37 , of Tampa , FL . She serves as an unpaid volunteer `` social liaison '' to MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , home of CENTCOM . Like Petraeus and Broadwell , Kelley is married , with children . She and her husband were regular guests at events he held at CENTCOM , and have been friends with Petraeus and his family for more than five years . The New York Times quotes a close friend of the Petraeus family as saying that Kelley is “ a very well-known person of influence in the Tampa community , ” who volunteers with `` community organizations that support military causes . '' Like Broadwell , she is attractive ( see thumbnail ) , and more than 20 years younger than Petraeus . No word yet on whether she , too , was bonking him .
The government source who spoke to the AP about Kelley did so under condition of anonymity , and got a little bitchy :
A U.S. official said the coalition countries represented at Central Command gave Kelley an appreciation certificate on which she was referred to as an `` honorary ambassador '' to the coalition , but she has no official status and is not employed by the U.S. government . The official , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to discuss the case publicly , said Kelley is known to drop the `` honorary '' part and refer to herself as an ambassador .
Meow . Not the implied `` invisible eye-roll '' in that last line .
The Wall Street Journal published more details this afternoon , and identified Kelley 's role with CENTCOM in Tampa as `` a State Department political adviser . '' [ Update : The WSJ issued a correction , and now identifies her as `` a social planner , '' which echoes the AP and NYT reports ] .
The FBI began by pursuing `` what they thought was a potential cybercrime , or a breach of classified information , '' the WSJ reports , but stumbled on `` sexually explicit emails between two lovers , from an account Mr. Petraeus used a pseudonym to establish . '' Judging from previous reports , that would have been a Gmail account .
Initially , the FBI 's investigation began with `` five to 10 emails '' received by Kelley from Broadwell , the first of which was sent `` around May '' 2012 .
What 's notable for those of us who use Gmail : metadata Google 's email service stores by design may have been instrumental in revealing the identities of both Broadwell and Petraeus . America 's spy-in-chief may have been narc 'd out by Gmail . Snip :
The precise nature of Ms. Kelley 's relationships with Ms. Broadwell and Mr. Petraeus , who ran the Tampa-based U.S. Central Command from 2008 to 2010 , were n't known Sunday . Attempts to reach Ms. Broadwell and Ms. Kelley were unsuccessful . Neither had given a public statement as of Sunday evening . Ms. Kelley did n't know who sent the emails . Some appeared to be accusing her of an inappropriate relationship but did n't name Mr. Petraeus . Agents determined the emails were sent from an account shared by Ms. Broadwell and her husband , who live in North Carolina , the officials said . But the agents spent weeks piecing together who may have sent them . They used metadata footprints left by the emails to determine what locations they were sent from . They matched the places , including hotels , where Ms. Broadwell was during the times the emails were sent . FBI agents and federal prosecutors used the information as probable cause to seek a warrant to monitor Ms. Broadwell 's email accounts . They learned that Ms. Broadwell and Mr. Petraeus had set up private Gmail accounts to use for their communications , which included explicit details of a sexual nature , according to U.S. officials . But because Mr. Petraeus used a pseudonym , agents doing the monitoring did n't immediately uncover that he was the one communicating with Ms. Broadwell .
The Wall Street Journal report continues with a tick-tock of what happened next . The FBI questioned Broadwell , asked for and received her computer , found classified documents , and determined that they had n't come from Petraeus—so , there had been no national security breach involving the CIA chief , they deduced , and no criminal charges were filed .
Efforts to keep secret the probe ( and the sex scandal it stumbled into ) were unsuccessful . News leaked to lawmakers : Rep. David Reichert ( R—WA ) , who then tipped off House Majority Leader Eric Cantor ( R—VA ) , who spoke with the FBI about it in October .
In the New York Times this evening , a detailed account of how pissed off other lawmakers are that they were n't informed of the long-running investigation into the Petraeus hanky panky , and questions about the timing of his ouster : just days after Obama was re-elected , and less than a week before he was due to testify about the attack on a US embassy in Benghazi that left multiple Americans dead . But if the investigation ruled out any criminal activity or security breaches on Petraeus ' part , did the FBI owe it to anyone to share details of the probe ?
A chronology of the email forensics in the New York Times matches the WSJ 's , and begins with Kelley complaining of `` about half a dozen anonymous e-mails accusing her of inappropriate flirtatious behavior with Mr . Petraeus . '' She reached out to an FBI agent who was also a personal friend ; the yet-unidentified agent-pal launched an investigation . Snip :
Agents working with federal prosecutors in a local United States attorney 's office began trying to figure out whether the e-mails constituted criminal cyber-stalking . Because the sender 's account had been registered anonymously , investigators had to use forensic techniques — including a check of what other e-mail accounts had been accessed from the same computer address — to identify who was writing the e-mails . Eventually they identified Ms. Broadwell as a prime suspect and obtained access to her regular e-mail account . In its in-box , they discovered intimate and sexually explicit e-mails from another account that also was not immediately identifiable . Investigators eventually ascertained that it belonged to Mr. Petraeus and studied the possibility that someone had hacked into Mr. Petraeus 's account or was posing as him to send the explicit messages . Eventually they determined that Mr. Petraeus had indeed sent the messages to Ms. Broadwell and concluded that the two had had an affair . Then they turned their scrutiny on him , examining whether he knew about or was involved in sending the harassing e-mails to Ms. Kelley .
By then , in summer 2012 , `` lower-level Justice Department officials '' alerted higher-ups that the case had become more complex , and the Criminal Division 's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section was called in to assist . More :
It remains unclear whether the F.B.I . also gained access to Mr. Petraeus 's personal e-mail account , or if it relied only on e-mails discovered in Ms. Broadwell 's in-box . It also remains uncertain exactly when the information about Mr. Petraeus reached Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. and Robert S. Mueller III , the F.B.I . director . Both men have declined to comment .
And separately in the New York Times , an odd profile piece about Broadwell . Neighbors say she was a `` soccer mom '' who `` cooks dinner by candlelight '' for her family and hands out Halloween candy for neighborhood kids , when she 's not busy promoting her hagiography on Jon Stewart 's show , or sending sexmail to Petraeus and threatmail to Kelley .
At Foreign Policy , Blake Hounshell blogs about `` a bizarre twist '' in the saga : Broadwell `` gave a talk at the University of Denver on Oct. 26 in which she appeared to reveal sensitive , maybe even classified , information about the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi . ''
The most interesting revelation is her claim that the CIA was holding two Libyan militia members prisoner , which may have prompted the attack . ( Though she also sought to explain the Obama administration 's initial view that the attack was linked to the YouTube video Innocence of Muslims , an anti-Islam polemic that sparked riots across the Muslim world . ) She also said flatly that forces at the CIA annex had requested backup from a special Delta Force group she called the CINC 's in extremis force . It was not clear whether she was basing her comments on an Oct. 26 Fox News report by Jennifer Griffin , or whether her information came from elsewhere . ( Griffin refers to it as `` Commanders [ sic ] in Extremis Force , '' but does not mention Delta Force or any Libyan prisoners . )
Read the rest here .
Hounshell 's report cites this Israeli news report .
At the New Yorker , Jane Mayer asks why any of this ended up becoming public , if Petraeus broke no rules . `` In this instance , evidently , there were no crimes . So why again did this blow up as it has ? , '' she writes . Were politics involved ?
( HT : @ KMBTweets + @ BWJones )
Uber is facing further issues in Europe as uberPOP drivers in Amsterdam have been targeted by a group of armed , masked men .
The first incident happened Tuesday , March 10 , when an uberPOP driver had his car surrounded by a group of masked men and was forced to stop before being restrained and attacked by the gang . Later that evening , a second uberPOP driver reported the same type of incident and a third attack followed . The third attack resulted in the arrest of two taxi drivers from a different company .
A spokesperson for Uber told TNW :
We confirm a small group of small taxi drivers used serious intimidation and aggression against uberPOP drivers in an attempt to stop innovation . We believe these people are crossing a line and we are calling on government not to succumb to this taxi violence but to embrace innovation instead . Uber remains strongly committed to safe and affordable mobility options , including uberPOP .
This latest spate of attacks is n't an isolated occurrence for Uber though . In February , there were also reports of several uberPOP drivers in The Hague being driven off the road by other taxi drivers .
UberPOP has faced scrutiny in The Netherlands in the past as the courts banned it in December , ruling it to be illegal for the car sharing service to take bookings via its app . Uber is currently appealing this ruling while still operating the service .
➤ Brute force against Uberpop [ De Telegraaf ]
Read next : Facebook now lets marketers target ads at its 92 million expats
Saint Laurent Ready To Wear Spring Summer 2013 Paris
On Monday night the fashion world saw the opening of an intriguing new chapter in its long and illustrious history .
The build up had been perfectly orchestrated . First there was the changing of the name , dropping the Yves to become Saint Laurent . Next came the news that the design studio would follow the newly appointed designer Hedi Slimane to Los Angeles . And then there was the unveiling of a new advertizing campaign staring musicians rather than models , released just weeks before the designer 's debut collection .
They were all moves that pointed to a designer that was not just taking up the helm of one of the most prestigious fashion houses in the world , he was going to remodel it from A to Z in his own image . Even before the show began the frisson of excitement that change was imminent crackled through the pitch-blackvenue . When the rapidly pulsating music began it even seemed to echo the palpitating hearts of those in the audience who watched in wonder as giant black panels slid back from the ceiling to make room for a massive stereo sound system that descended from the rafters .
Sitting in the front row of the show were a who 's who of designers -- from Azzedine Alaïa , Peter Dundas , and Riccardo Tisci to Marc Jacobs , Vivienne Westwood , Diane von Furstenberg , and Alexander Wang . Also on hand were the original members of YSL 's entourage , Betty Catroux and Mr. Pierre Bergé . Even Alber Elbaz , who once held the designer role at the house came out to support Slimane on his big night .
And then there she was , the first model on the runway , her long hair flowing out from below a wide brimmed hat . No surprise here , she wore an all black tuxedo . But it was cut in a Slimane slim silhouette with stove pipe pants , fitted vest and strong shouldered jacket , finished off in a flourish with a silk shirt that featured both a floppy bow at the neck and lace cuffs poking out of the jacket sleeves .
This tuxedo style was the foundation on which Slimane built about half of the looks in the show . Varying them slightly through the choice of fabrics , embellishments or finishes . And almost every option was crafted in shades of black – Yves Saint Laurent 's favorite color . The alternatives to the staple tuxedo were silk dresses , of the long sleeved flowing skirt variety ( think Rachel Zoe ) .
Peppered throughout the collection were sartorial homages to Saint Laurent 's most iconic pieces . The “ Verushka ” safari jacket , the lace scoop back dress from the 1940s collection , the cubby , the sheer silk peasant blouses and Marrakesh caftan all had their moment on the runway .
There was an overwhelming 1970s rock ‘ n ' roll vibe to the show , which could arguably be a reference to the moment in time when Mr. Saint Laurent was at the pinnacle of his designer prowess . However it also pointed towards Slimane 's love of the alternative music scene . But somehow with this collection , in terms of Saint Laurent - the man - and Saint Laurent - the brand – did not find a cohesive fashion middle ground on which to reside together in sartorial harmony .
Perhaps Slimane was trying to get all of the famed fashion pieces the house can lay claim to out of his system in one fell swoop , before moving on to something not so referential or reverential next season . As Mr. Saint Laurent famously said : “ fashion fades , style is eternal , ” and Slimane certainly has style , he just needs to work on getting past the fashion .
- Jessica Michault
A photo taken on April 7 , 2016 , in Munich at the office of the German daily “ Sueddeutsche Zeitung ” shows several issues of the April 4 edition of the newspaper , in which the “ Panama Papers ” were published . ( Christof Stache/AFP/Getty Images )
There are two parallel worlds in German journalism .
In one , reporters face what they call unprecedented distrust and hatred on the streets — and in some cases even violent assaults . A quarter of Germans agree , according to a recent survey , that “ Lügenpresse ” — a Nazi era word that means “ lying press ” — is appropriate to describe the media .
But in the other , the public 's trust in the press is at record-high levels . According to a recent study by the University of Würzburg , which tracked more than 15 years of public opinions on the press , 55.7 percent of all Germans trusted the press last year . The researchers suggest that the contentious and sometimes dangerous atmosphere journalists face when covering right-wing protests has not translated into growing media skepticism overall . In fact , the opposite might be the case .
Previous studies have recently come to a similar conclusion , said Martin Hoffmann , a senior researcher at the European Center for Press and Media Freedom . People who are disillusioned with the media hold increasingly hostile views toward journalists , but an unprecedented number of Germans openly disagree with those views .
For Germany 's established parties , it could be an encouraging sign . Chancellor Angela Merkel and other mainstream political leaders fear that fake news disseminated on social media could help the far-right Alternative für Deutschland ( AfD ) party win a large number of seats in the parliamentary election September . Germany 's parliament even passed an anti-fake news bill on Wednesday that would compel social media companies to remove untrue stories or face stiff fines .
The study also has warning signs for the AfD and other parties whose supporters have turned away from mainstream media outlets . The Würzburg researchers found indications that the link between populist right-wing parties like the AfD and media skepticism is weakening . The number of respondents in the survey who considered themselves right-wing and said that they trust the press has increased by 18 percent over the last year , rising from 33 percent in 2015 to 51 percent in 2016 .
The significant difference is probably related to Germany 's refugee crisis , said Hoffmann . In 2015 , the country took in almost 1 million refugees and migrants . Critics alleged at the time that almost all media outlets , including staunchly conservative ones , welcomed the massive influx . The welcoming attitude of many tabloid papers and conservative publications largely faded following the mass sexual assaults in Cologne on New Year 's Eve 2015 , which were mostly committed by foreign nationals who had only recently arrived in Germany .
Since then , national broadcasters and newspapers have made efforts to take the concerns of their readers seriously amid the growing refugee influx . But Kim Otto , a journalism professor at the University of Würzburg and author of the study , says the news outlets made other changes that also help explain the rise in trust .
“ Many of the traditional German broadcasters and newspaper editors responded with more transparency . They invited citizens and critics to get to know how they work , ” said Otto — whose findings suggest that the same methods could potentially work elsewhere , including in the United States .
Read more :
Trump 's attacks on the media sound eerily familiar to Germany 's journalists
Pin 11 181 Shares
March 8th is nearly here ! Do you have big celebration plans yet ? If not , it 's high time to think about how you would like to surprise your favorite women in your lives : your Moms , sisters , wives , daughters , girlfriends , co-workers . If you did n't know yet , March 8th is the International Women 's Day and it is widely celebrated in Russian speaking countries .
Watch this video to find out more details about March 8th in Russia :
History of the International Women 's Day
Interestingly , the holiday originated in New York in 1908 when women went on a strike to demand equal rights , voting rights , shorter hours and better pay . The first National Women 's Day was celebrated on 28th February 1909 following the declaration of Socialist Party of America . Since then and up until 1913 , International Women 's Day was celebrated in the United States of America on the last Sunday of February .
During the second International Conference of Working Women in 1910 , Clara Zetkin , the Leader of the “ Women 's Office ” for the Social Democratic Party suggested that the International Woman 's Day should be celebrated every year in every country .
In Russia International Women 's Day was celebrated in 1913 first time as a part of the peace movement on the eve of World War I . Soon , following the events of 1913 , it was established that the International Women 's Day will be celebrated on March 8th .
How is International Women 's Day Celebrated in Russia Today ?
Today , International Women 's Day ( Международный Женский День ) is celebrated on March 8th , is a public holiday and is one of the favorite holidays in Russia . Over the years , International Women 's Day in Russian culture has lost its political notion and has become a mixture of St. Valentine 's Day and Mother 's Day . This day is associated with the first days of spring , warmth , first sunny rays and the most wonderful emotions . On March 8th men and women express their love and care to the women in their lives .
When it comes to gifts , it 's more about the gesture . It is not a secret , that women like attention , and even a small thing like a card , flowers and a box of chocolates will put a smile on your lady 's face . And of course , it also depends on how well you know each other : whether you are coworkers , relatives , are dating and so on . Now , let 's skip to the fun stuff – a few words and expressions in Russian that you might need when celebrating the International Women 's Day .
International Women 's Day in Russia Vocabulary
Very often on the cards dedicated to the International Women 's Day , you will see
8 ( восьмое ) Марта [ vas'-MO-ye MAR-ta ] March 8th
С 8 Марта ( с восьмым ) марта [ s vas'-MIM MAR-ta ] Happy March 8th
С Днём 8 ( восьмого ) марта [ s DNYOM vas'-MO-va MAR-ta ] Happy March 8th
Поздравляю с 8 Марта ( с восьмым марта ) [ paz-drav-LYA-yoo s vas'-MIM MAR-ta ] Wishing you Happy March 8th
Поздравляю с Международным Женским Днём ! [ paz-drav-LYA-yoo s meezh-doo-na-ROD-nim ZHENS-keem DNYOM ] Wishing you a happy International Women 's Day !
If you are looking for an original way to wish a Happy March 8th , you could always find a poem about the International Women 's Day in Russian . Here are a few resources for you :
С Международным Женским Днём , дорогие женщины ! Happy International Women 's Day , dear women ! 🙂
Viktoria .
Donald Trump 's threats against nations poorer than his own do n't appear to have had much of an effect .
The UN voted overwhelmingly to rebuke the Trump administration on its recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Previous to the vote , Trump threatened to cut aid to countries that supported the measure .
The measure requires that all member states—including the US , of course—act according to a UN security council resolution that says no country should establish diplomatic missions in Jerusalem . Only nine nations sided with the US in rejecting the measure , with 128 advocating its passage and 35 abstaining . Aside from Israel , those nine were relatively poor countries that plausibly could have , to some degree , been influenced by the threat of aid removal .
Here 's how the member states voted :
Country Vote Guatemala ✘ Honduras ✘ Israel ✘ Marshall Islands ✘ Micronesia ✘ Nauru ✘ Palau ✘ Togo ✘ United States ✘ Afghanistan ✓ Albania ✓ Algeria ✓ Andorra ✓ Angola ✓ Armenia ✓ Austria ✓ Azerbaijan ✓ Bahrain ✓ Bangladesh ✓ Barbados ✓ Belarus ✓ Belgium ✓ Belize ✓ Bolivia ✓ Botswana ✓ Brazil ✓ Brunei Darussalam ✓ Bulgaria ✓ Burkina Faso ✓ Burundi ✓ Cabo Verde ✓ Cambodia ✓ Chad ✓ Chile ✓ China ✓ Comoros ✓ Costa Rica ✓ Côte d'Ivoire ✓ Cuba ✓ Cyprus ✓ Denmark ✓ Djibouti ✓ Dominica ✓ DR Congo ✓ Ecuador ✓ Egypt ✓ Eritrea ✓ Estonia ✓ Ethiopia ✓ Finland ✓ France ✓ Gabon ✓ Gambia ✓ Germany ✓ Ghana ✓ Greece ✓ Grenada ✓ Guinea ✓ Guyana ✓ Iceland ✓ India ✓ Indonesia ✓ Iran ✓ Iraq ✓ Ireland ✓ Italy ✓ Japan ✓ Jordan ✓ Kazakhstan ✓ Kuwait ✓ Kyrgyzstan ✓ Laos ✓ Lebanon ✓ Liberia ✓ Libya ✓ Liechtenstein ✓ Lithuania ✓ Luxembourg ✓ Macedonia ✓ Madagascar ✓ Malaysia ✓ Maldives ✓ Mali ✓ Malta ✓ Mauritania ✓ Mauritius ✓ Monaco ✓ Montenegro ✓ Morocco ✓ Mozambique ✓ Namibia ✓ Nepal ✓ Netherlands ✓ New Zealand ✓ Nicaragua ✓ Niger ✓ Nigeria ✓ North Korea ✓ Norway ✓ Oman ✓ Pakistan ✓ Papua New Guinea ✓ Peru ✓ Portugal ✓ Qatar ✓ Russia ✓ Saudi Arabia ✓ Senegal ✓ Serbia ✓ Seychelles ✓ Singapore ✓ Slovakia ✓ Slovenia ✓ Somalia ✓ South Africa ✓ South Korea ✓ Spain ✓ Sri Lanka ✓ St. Vincent and the Grenadines ✓ Sudan ✓ Suriname ✓ Sweden ✓ Switzerland ✓ Syria ✓ Tajikistan ✓ Tanzania ✓ Thailand ✓ Tunisia ✓ Turkey ✓ United Arab Emirates ✓ United Kingdom ✓ Uruguay ✓ Uzbekistan ✓ Venezuela ✓ Vietnam ✓ Yemen ✓ Zimbabwe ✓ Antigua and Barbuda Abstain Argentina Abstain Australia Abstain Bahamas Abstain Benin Abstain Bhutan Abstain Bosnia and Herzegovina Abstain Cameroon Abstain Canada Abstain Colombia Abstain Croatia Abstain Czech Republic Abstain Dominican Republic Abstain Equatorial Guinea Abstain Fiji Abstain Haiti Abstain Hungary Abstain Jamaica Abstain Kiribati Abstain Latvia Abstain Lesotho Abstain Malawi Abstain Mexico Abstain Panama Abstain Paraguay Abstain Philippines Abstain Poland Abstain Romania Abstain Rwanda Abstain Solomon Islands Abstain South Sudan Abstain Trinidad and Tobago Abstain Tuvalu Abstain Uganda Abstain Vanuatu Abstain
Nikki Haley , American ambassador to the UN , reiterated the threat after the vote . “ The United States will remember this day in which it was singled out in this assembly for the very act of exercising our right as a sovereign nation , ” she said . “ We will remember it when , once again , we are called up to make the world 's largest contribution to the UN , and we will remember it when many countries come calling on us to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit . ”
Mary Neubauer is a certified peer specialist . She also trains police officers and sheriff 's deputies on how to more effectively and safely deal with people in crisis . Credit : Gary Porter
SHARE Video Loading ... Patients in Peril The Journal Sentinel spent six months investigating problems at the Milwaukee County Mental Health Complex . The newspaper found a cascade of problems , including a case where a patient with a history of violence was allowed to roam free , doctors orders were not followed and nurses falsified documents to cover their mistakes . Go to section
By of the
When Mary Neubauer sits down with her colleagues to talk about how to redesign Milwaukee County 's mental health systems , she brings something to the conversation just as valuable as her master 's degree in social work .
She can talk about how terrifying it was to be held down by leather restraints .
She remembers being treated like a problem , not a person .
She knows how it felt to be in so much pain that suicide seemed like the only reasonable way out .
`` I 've been there , '' she said softly on a recent day .
Neubauer , 53 , looks like the sturdy softball player she was until her knees gave out . But she is no steamroller .
She makes her point with the kind of humility and self-deprecating humor that make people want to lean in and listen .
Her voice is an important one that , until recently , was not heard much by policymakers .
When Milwaukee County bureaucrats first talked about how to fix problems in the system more than 20 years ago , they interviewed people with mental illness about how they thought the care should be . But the patients were n't nearly as prominent in decision-making as Neubauer is today .
She serves as co-chair of the Milwaukee Mental Health Task Force and is the consumer representative of the Wisconsin Council on Mental Health . She is a member of that group 's legislative and policy committee .
This is no window dressing . At many mental health forums and meetings , Neubauer is the one running the show .
Here she is at Serb Hall on a Tuesday morning giving a report to more than 200 people on ways to provide better services to people who are being discharged from the county 's Mental Health Complex . There she is the next day performing before more than 300 people at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee in a show called `` Pieces . '' The play features an essay she wrote in 1986 during one of her darkest periods .
Neubauer is a certified peer specialist who works 12 hours a week helping others with mental illness find health care benefits . She trains police officers and sheriff 's deputies on how to more effectively and safely deal with people in crisis .
Even after knee surgery earlier this year - a replacement of a replacement - Neubauer is busier than most . Many is the day that she leaves the house before 8 a.m. , returns at 10 p.m. only to fall asleep in her chair as she reviews emails .
Inefficient system
These are pivotal times in Milwaukee 's public mental health system .
Milwaukee County has , by some measures , the least efficient public mental health system in the country . In 2010 , police brought people to the county 's psychiatric emergency room 8,274 times , a 33 % increase in the past decade . With a lack of affordable housing and community mental health centers at their disposal , county mental health administrators often have no better place to send people with chronic and severe mental illness than to the complex . Care there costs a staggering $ 1,400 a day .
Problems with Milwaukee County 's mental health systems are n't new .
The hospital is old , outdated and inefficient . A high-profile starvation-related death in 2006 and a string of sexual assaults in the acute wards two years ago prompted state and federal regulators to declare that patients at the hospital were in `` immediate jeopardy . '' Hospital administrators were ordered to fix the problems or lose federal aid .
Housing for people with severe and persistent mental illness , though improved in recent years , is still inadequate . Policy experts estimate the area needs another 1,200 units to meet the demand .
That Milwaukee has n't been able to solve so many of these persistent problems is a source of real frustration for patients and caregivers alike .
`` We 've been here before , '' said Geri Lyday , administrator of the county 's Disability Services , when she heard plans for the redesign of the county 's private and public mental health care .
A consultant report , released in October 2010 , repeated many of the themes that had been raised in a report from 1992 . The new report urged that consumers , like Neubauer , be central to the effort of overhauling the system .
Troubled history
Neubauer , a south side native and Pulaski High School graduate , seems tailor-made for the task . She 's plucky , organized and passionate without being shrill or overbearing .
Her cousin , Lois O'Brien , remembers Neubauer as a `` cute little girl full of moxie . ''
But Neubauer says real friends were hard to come by .
`` I got into trouble a lot , '' she said .
Her first suicide attempt came at the age of 11 .
By eighth grade , she was being pulled out for group counseling .
`` The other kids called it 'the crazy class , ' `` Neubauer recalled .
It was held in the boiler room of the school .
Neubauer sees that as kind of metaphor for the way psychiatric issues were dealt with then - behind closed doors , in dark corners .
After high school graduation , she got a job as a wellness coordinator at Delco Electronics avionics division .
But all was not well with her .
In 1984 , she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder , a psychiatric condition marked by wide mood swings . Her brother was killed in an automobile accident in 1988 .
In her manic times , she drank too much , an ineffective effort to calm her down .
`` I was loud and obnoxious , '' she said .
Agreed , said a friend of hers from those days who asked not to be named because of concerns about her ex-husband . She and Neubauer were in the same ward at Aurora Psychiatric Hospital , a private facility in Wauwatosa .
`` I hated Mary 's guts at first , '' the woman said . `` Mary was a real bad-ass with a mean , ugly dark energy . ''
Neubauer spent recklessly . One Christmas , she bought so many gifts , it took her family eight hours to unwrap them .
Her bipolar disorder and complications from her knee injury caused her to have to quit her job and go on disability .
By 2000 , she was forced to sell her house because she could no longer afford the payments and her hefty medical bills .
She veered in and out of mental illness . During one particularly bad reaction to her medication , Neubauer drank out of the dog 's dish .
`` I do n't even remember it , '' she said .
Neubauer stopped coun ting her hospitalizations when she got to 25 .
A neuropsychologist told her - twice - that she did not have any skills that she could put to use in the workplace .
`` That really lit a fire under me , '' she said .
What might have crushed others served as a spark for Neubauer .
She had always been a hard worker , but now she was on a mission .
She graduated with the highest honors from Concordia University with a bachelor 's degree in health care administration and a master 's degree in social work from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee .
One of Neubauer 's most valuable learning experiences , she says , was her internship at what is now called Disability Rights Wisconsin , an advocacy organization for people with disabilities . She traveled to Madison three days a week working under the supervision of the managing attorney , Dianne Greenley . Neubauer became certified as a peer specialist to help others navigate the choppy system of benefits .
Still , her illness continued to hound her .
The low point came Memorial Day weekend in 2006 when , after a fight with a family member , Neubauer holed up in a motel and considered killing herself .
`` I had enough medication to do it , '' she said . `` It would have been the end . ''
Instead , she picked up the phone and called the police , asking for an officer trained in crisis intervention .
The dispatcher told her she did n't know what Neubauer was talking about and hung up .
Neubauer called back .
`` I knew they had the program , '' she said . `` I helped with the training . ''
But the dispatcher again said she did n't know what Neubauer was talking about .
Click .
`` I was going to try just one more time , '' Neubauer said .
This time , an officer called her back and , ultimately , persuaded Neubauer to get help .
Working to help others
Neubauer ultimately moved into the Cathedral Center , a homeless shelter for women where fights sometimes broke out in the dorm .
`` I was too afraid to take my glasses off at night , '' she said .
During the days , she took the bus to the County Grounds , where she trained to become a certified peer specialist .
She volunteered for one committee after another .
Before long , she and her former roommate - the one who said she hated her guts - were working side by side to persuade mental health administrators to reform the system .
If she could not have a full-time paying job , Neubauer was determined to work as hard as she could at reducing the stigma of mental illness . She would do what she could to teach others that having a mental illness does not make a person any less valuable to society .
`` It 's not a life sentence , '' she said . `` Recovery is possible . ''
Sue Schuler , former director of nursing at the county 's Mental Health Complex and later administrator of acute and crisis services , is a good friend of Neubauer . Occasionally , the two have bunked together at state conferences .
Schuler said she could see all along that Neubauer had great potential to lead the county 's reforms .
`` She understands what illnesses she has . She is engaged with her therapy . She is faithful about taking her meds , '' Schuler said . `` Mary works very hard on maintaining her health . ''
And now she is working to see that others are able to do the same .
`` I am so happy to be alive , '' Neubauer said . `` My recovery is not linear . It 's more like a spiral staircase . I take a few steps forward and sometimes , one back . ''
Neubauer lives in a sun-drenched apartment in St. Francis with her tortoise-colored cat Piper . She rides her exercise bike every day , having lost 65 pounds in a few months .
She credits medication and therapy with her recovery . But just as important - if not more so , she says - are her relationships with friends and family .
`` I 've been so fortunate to have people in my life who gave me hope when I did n't have any hope for myself , '' she said .
Neubauer says she is as optimistic as she has ever been that conditions are improving for people with mental illness . But there is still a long way to go , she said .
Only 14 % of people with severe and persistent mental illness have jobs , Neubauer says .
`` We need to do a lot better than that , '' she said .
She is determined that the ideas for change wo n't sit on a shelf collecting dust .
`` We know what we 're doing wrong , '' she said . `` Now it 's time to get moving and fix this . ''
A judge has ordered that the Michigan recount begin Monday at noon and that a sufficient number of workers be assigned such that the recount will be completed by the federal deadline of December 13th .
Part of Jill Stein 's grievance pertaining to the Michigan election results was the 75,000 ‘ blank votes ' from around the state , but concentrated in Detroit . Apparently , about 75,000 people showed up to vote down ballot , but they did n't vote for president . That to Stein is suspicious and reason enough to conduct a recount .
There were 4.8 million votes cast in the state . Donald Trump won by a narrow margin of 10,704 votes , and Jill Stein received a total of 51,463 . Stein paid a little over $ 973,000 ( $ 125 per precinct ) to cover the cost of the recount , but the total will likely be much more .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to Eagle Rising updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : ACLU Prepping for MASSIVE Lawsuit in Case Trump Gets Elected
So , were these ‘ blank votes ' a machine error , or were they human error ? That 's part of Jill Stein 's motive . She 's hoping that the recount will shed some light on why so many people showed up to vote for local elections – usually the elections that most voters do n't care about – but for whatever reason did n't vote for president .
It could be that that many people really did show up to vote , and they did n't like either candidate . Both candidates had high unfavorable ratings . Even many of those who voted for either of the two major party nominees did n't support the person they were voting for . Perhaps there were many voters who were disenfranchised and did n't vote for president .
Jill Stein brought up the 2004 election , and in particular the 90,000 blank votes in Toledo , Ohio which were erroneously marked as blank , found during the Ohio recount in 2004 .
I think the voting systems are vulnerable , especially the electronic voting machines . All the concerns that Trump 's supporters had before the election are valid . Those concerns do n't go away just because Trump won .
I actually do n't see a problem with having recounts conducted ( as long as they 're completely privately funded , and no taxpayer dollars are used ) . It does n't matter that these few recounts wo n't change the results of the election . The problem is that electronic voting machines are essentially designed to be tampered with and leave no evidence of tampering . In that case , doing a recount in places were electronic voting machines were used is n't going to yield a different result .
Michigan does n't use those types of electronic voting machines . However , they use paper ballots which are then fed into a scanner to be counted . If those blank votes were actually not blank , but were in fact marked with a presidential preference that the scanner failed to pick up , that would be a problem . Not necessarily a problem that would change this election , but it would raise concerns enough for future elections .
You do n't have to be a Jill Stein or Hillary Clinton supporter to see that moving to paper ballots completely – and perhaps even counted by hand – would be the best way to ensure that votes are counted properly .
If Trump had lost by similar margins that Hillary lost , would n't his campaign and supporters be demanding recounts ? And they 'd be within their rights to do so .
The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
As in the political arena , so in the mass market . An insurgent has whizzed its way up to the top , snapping past its own . Sprite has emerged as India 's No 1 fizzy drink . According to figures just released , the brand 's summer sales have taken it past both its big inhouse rivals : Thums Up , an Indian favourite since 1977 , and Coca-Cola , a 127-year-old megabrand that also claims to be the world 's most understood term—barring ‘ okay ' .
So how did Sprite do it ? It thumbed its nose at nonsense . Ever since its desi debut in 1999 in a dimpled bottle , Sprite has positioned itself as a rebel with clarity , the kind needed to scoff at all the pomp and pfaff of others vying for attention .
In spirit , all it did was adopt a version of the ‘ uncola ' stance that PepsiCo 's 7-Up once had . Ah , but Sprite did its own thing .
With an ‘ honest straight-forward attitude ' as its global appeal , its consumer proposition was elementary : ‘ Be yourself , obey your thirst . ' To crack the scene in India , however , it needed to say the elementary in a far more feisty way . It picked the pulse of a significant but silent segment of the market that was fed up of all that grandeur in the air at the turn of the millennium , and set about calling the bluff of others even at the risk of exposing its own company 's older brands to ridicule . Sprite 's breakout commercial of the early zips had Lisa Ray in a fizzy bathtub trying—in vain—to beautify herself with the lime drink . ‘ Bujhaaye only Pyaas , ' she 's told , ‘ Baaki sab Bakwaas . '
In a country full of false claims and true needs , the brand 's young audience saw rhyme and reason in its all-quench-no-stench message . The brand 's adlines since have been of variable appeal , but each has been as impish as the other . In 2004 , Sprite spoke of ‘ No Gyaan , Only Pyaas ' . Four years later , of ‘ Seedhi Baat , No Bakwaas ' . And this summer , its cheeky campaign had a collegian deflate an ‘ Amar-Akbar-Anthony ' trio of chest-thumpers with unruffled modesty ; ‘ Chalo apni Chaal , ' advises the ad . The thirst story , meanwhile , has been taken over by Limca , its cloudy sister brand .
All said , Sprite 's success bears an edge of differentiation that 's reckless no less than competitive ( in a Michael Porterly way ) .
Is it sustainable ? Hmmm . So long as it sparkles as a real voice of clarity , it may well turn out to be . Taking on bakwaas is tough business , even if there 's so much on display . But then , as seen in any democracy , it 's what generates all the fizz .
Even if he did reach out , I 'd spend at least an hour looking up every nuance of every text message . I 'd try to figure out exactly what the guy was saying between the lines . And if we continued to date , I 'd question Google on everything : When should I sleep with him ? He introduced me to his friends is that a good sign ? He says he does n't want anything serious right now what does that mean ? He just gave me an engagement ring does this mean he likes me ? ( Okay , I just made up that last one . But , honestly , it probably is n't too far off base . ) I would throw myself into a panic attempting to decipher things via Google . It got to the point where I would n't make a move or a decision without consulting the web . And judging by conversations I 've had with other women , I know I 'm not the only one who did ( or does ) this .
Willie Nelson : Road Rules And Deep Thoughts
Enlarge this image toggle caption David McClister/Courtesy of William Morrow David McClister/Courtesy of William Morrow
At nearly 80 , Willie Nelson remains impressively prolific : lots of songs , lots of kids and , fittingly , lots of autobiographies . The country singer 's latest memoir is called Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die , after a song on his Heroes album , released earlier this year . Nelson says those seeking earth-shattering revelations about his life should look elsewhere ; that was n't his intention in writing the book .
`` I was riding down the highway looking out the window , which is what I do about 22 hours every day , and just sort of writing down my thoughts , '' he says . `` It 's more of a diary , I guess , than anything else . ''
Here , Nelson speaks with NPR 's Rachel Martin about his family life , being forced to choose between marijuana and tobacco , and where a touring musician looks for spirituality .
Interview Highlights
On getting into music as a kid in Abbott , Texas
`` There was a guy , a blacksmith , in Abbott ... and he had a family band . He just let me play because he knew I wanted to work and needed the work . So I played the guitar in a big polka band with a lot of horns and everything . Fortunately , no one ever heard me , because I was n't that great . But I was 9 or 10 years old and making 8 to 10 dollars a night . It was easier than picking cotton . ''
On quitting cigarettes
`` I had gotten up to two , maybe three , packs a day . My lungs were bothering me and I 'd had pneumonia two or three times . I was also smoking pot , and I decided , well , one of them 's got ta go . So I took a pack of Chesterfields and took all the Chesterfields out , rolled up 20 big fat ones and put [ them ] in there , and I have n't smoked a cigarette since then . ''
On finding religion on the road
`` I 've been working every Sunday morning for many years , so I do n't even get a chance to go to church and Sunday school like other people do . So my church became the bus and my body the temple , as the Bible tells us . We 're all in our church everyday . ''
Last week , we warned that “ Minsk Two offers hope but not peace ” . The deal thrashed out to bring an end to the Ukrainian civil war was certainly naive . Its origins lay with those European powers – France and Germany – that preferred compromise to conflict , effectively excluding their more hawkish partners from the process .
And what they offered to Putin was fine in principle but flawed in detail . The Minsk Two ceasefire froze the conflict at the point of maximum advantage for the pro-Russian rebels , just when the Kiev regime was at its weakest . It placed upon Vladimir Putin no clear timetable for the withdrawal of Russian forces within Ukraine – no deadline , no means of verification .
Gambling on Mr Putin 's word of honour now looks like a mistake . Debaltseve has fallen , representing a pro-Russian victory and the second time that a cease-fire attempt has been shamelessly undone . Mr Putin , speaking during a visit to Hungary , poured scorn upon the Ukrainians and their army : “ To lose is always painful , ” he reportedly said . “ It 's a hardship especially when you lose to yesterday 's miners and tractor drivers . But life is life. ” For the Russian president to visit the EU and taunt the West so blatantly suggests that enforcing the vague promises of Minsk Two will be difficult , to say the least . Mr Putin 's ethnic nationalism is as strong as ever .
Of course , no one in the West should want direct conflict with Moscow . The stakes would be far too high . But if Mr Putin continues to expand , the West has to draw certain lines in the sand beyond an increasingly divided Ukraine . In an exclusive interview with The Telegraph , Michael Fallon , the Defence Secretary , warns that Russia could launch attacks on Nato 's eastern flank in an effort to destabilise the Baltics .
The West can not allow this to happen . While it has certain obligations towards Ukraine , its commitment to the freedom of the Baltic countries is more explicitly expressed in the fact that they are members of Nato . An act of aggression towards Estonia , Latvia or Lithuania would amount to an act of aggression against the democratic world .
The best way to avoid such a confrontation would be for the West to prepare for any potential crisis . To that effect , Britain has already committed itself to a greater military presence in the Baltics and eastern Europe – and the Government should ensure that defence spending increases .
Across the West there has to be clarity of intention to defend Nato members and unity in purpose and action . The weakening of Minsk Two indicates that the West can not rely upon Moscow 's good intentions and must proceed with hardheaded realism . Peace will be best assured through strength .
Oscar-winning actress Ellen Burstyn will play Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-MA ) in a one-night-only play based on the contentious Cabinet confirmation hearings for President Donald Trump 's administration , according to a report .
All the President 's Men ? Scenes from the Senate Confirmation Hearings of President Trump 's Cabinet will run for just one night at Town Hall in New York City on May 11 , according to Entertainment Weekly .
The “ documentary theater ” -style play was previously performed April 24 at the Vaudeville Theater in London 's West End district . New actors have been added for the New York staging , many of whom will apparently be playing multiple characters .
According to EW , the updated cast for the added performance includes Ron Rifkin as Bernie Sanders , Joe Morton as Ben Cardin , James Inhofe and Patrick J. Leahy , Aasif Mandvi as Scott Pruitt and Todd Young , Denis O'Hare as Orrin Hatch and Lindsey Graham , David Costabile as Tom Price and Chris Coons , and Staceyann Chin as Mazie K. Hirono .
Also joining the cast is New Yorker editor David Remnick , who is set to play Sen. Al Franken . Additional casting was set be announced at a later date .
The play — which will reportedly use a script with verbatim transcripts from the confirmation hearings — is edited and directed by Nicolas Kent .
“ The theater is not always a rapid-response medium , but when it can be , it 's electrifying , ” Public Theater artistic director Oskar Eustis told EW in a statement . “ This is a real-time portrait of the American government , and it is as riveting as the headlines and far , far more revelatory . It 's like reading the news lit by lightning . ”
As of Monday evening , tickets for the event were still on sale through Vivid Seats .
All The President 's Men ? is the latest production to tackle Trump and his administration using the theater stage . On Monday , documentary filmmaker and left-wing activist Michael Moore announced he will mount a one-man Broadway show , titled The Terms of My Surrender , that he hopes will be able to “ bring down ” the president .
Moore 's play is set to run for 12 weeks at New York City 's Belasco Theater this summer .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
The NHL 's motion to dismiss a class-action lawsuit brought by former players over concussion-related injuries was largely rejected Wednesday by a federal judge , allowing the claims to move forward .
The NHL 's motion to dismiss a class-action lawsuit brought by former players over concussion-related injuries was largely rejected Wednesday by a federal judge , allowing the claims to move forward .
The plaintiffs have been seeking unspecified financial damages and medical monitoring for neurological disorders . They 've argued the league had the knowledge and resources to better prevent head trauma , failed to properly warn players of such risks and promoted violent play that led to their injuries .
Story continues below advertisement
U.S. District Judge Susan Richard Nelson wrote in her order that the former players `` adequately alleged that the NHL negligently or fraudulently omitted information on an ongoing basis . ''
Attorneys for the NHL have pointed to a pair of primary grounds for dismissal of the lawsuit : pre-emption and statute of limitations . The gist is that the league 's collective bargaining agreement with the players should pre-empt the claim , subjecting the dispute to the National Labor Relations Board , and that a tort claim such as this can not be made past the six-year window for raising them .
Nelson declined to address one of the NHL 's arguments but dismissed the others , in her 33-page ruling .
`` While we would have hoped for a different result on this motion , we understand that the case is at a relatively early stage , and there will be ample opportunity for us to establish our defences as the discovery process progresses , '' NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly said in a statement .
This combination of several lawsuits by more than 200 former NHL players was formally filed last October . As a class-action complaint , the litigation effectively covers the estimated 5,000 living former NHL players . Dan LaCouture , Mikel Peluso , Gary Leeman , Bernie Nicholls , Dave Christian and Reed Larson are the former players serving as six class representatives .
`` We are pleased the Court has confirmed the validity of our claims and found the NHL 's arguments insufficient to warrant dismissal of this case , '' attorneys for the plaintiffs said in a statement . `` It is time for the NHL to be held accountable for deliberately ignoring and concealing the risks of repeated head impacts , and finally provide security and care to retired players whom the League has depended on for its success . ''
At first glance , this burning bust of Barack Obama seems like an affront against the president , much in the same way that some consider burning the flag a threat against the U.S . But Chinese artist Liu Bolin claims his bronze bust , built in honor of Obama 's visit to China , is actually a celebration of the president .
According to Bolin , the “ Burning Man Obama ” bust represents the fiery energy that the president holds , claiming “ this piece represents energy and life that Obama has given to the
world . We 're eager to see what he can do for China and U.S. relations. ” But while Bolun may claim that his sculpture is a positive thing , we wonder if there is actually a deeper , darker meaning . Even if there is n't , the bust is virtually guaranteed to ignite a firestorm of controversy .
Or maybe the whole thing is just a publicity stunt . Bolin is known for his mind-bending invisible man paintings , which feature the artist literally disappearing into his scenes .
What do you think of “ Burning Man Obama ” ? Let us know in the comments .
For decades , Saddam Hussein 's government ruled over aesthetics in Iraq 's capital with the same grip it exercised over its people . A committee of artists , architects and designers approved the color of buildings as well as the placement of shrubs . With many beige brick buildings , and color used sparingly — most often on mosques — the city 's appearance was uniform and restrained .
But the committee , like Mr. Hussein 's government , fell apart after the United States invasion in 2003 . Some years later , when Iraqis started rebuilding as the violence declined , there was no central arbiter . Bright colors started appearing , and places like the Trade Ministry were done up in pink , orange and yellow .
On one corner , the city might gleam like Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates , an oil-rich country many Iraqis hope they can emulate . In other places , the look is still muted and tradition-bound . But the reign of riotous color seems to be steadily expanding .
“ It 's something to feel ashamed of , ” said Qasim Sabti , one of Iraq 's most famous artists . “ It is the ugliest the city has ever been . ”
Government officials say they do not have strong enough laws to police the look of Baghdad , as Mr. Hussein once did . The officials also contend that many agency leaders , with money to spend on renovations and architectural face-lifts , are hiring the cheapest , most inept contractors and pocketing kickbacks and unspent funds .
Photo
“ We do n't have a strong enough deterrent to stop it , ” said Najem al-Kinany , the official in the Baghdad mayor 's office in charge of design , who formed a public taste committee a year ago after receiving a flood of complaints about the city 's appearance . “ Before 2003 , the subject of public taste and choosing what was appropriate was much better than now . ”
Mowaffaq al-Taey , who designed many buildings for Mr. Hussein , and Mr. Sabti , the artist , blame the decline in taste on the fact that so many Iraqis appreciated the arts were wealthy enough to flee the country .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Right now , when I have an exhibition at my gallery nobody comes from the government , only the art students and other artists , ” Mr. Sabti said . “ Taking care of the look of the city has stopped because the people who have come to power were living in villages with animals . So how did they develop their taste ?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Saddam was also a villager , ” he continued , “ but he was smart enough to depend on the qualified and professional people who understood art . ”
Mr. Taey said Iraqis were emulating the architects and designers of the Persian Gulf region .
“ They are trying to show they are part of the sophisticated world , but they do n't know what they are doing , ” he said . “ They want to prove that they are not just from the countryside . ”
The tackiness has also invaded the offices of many government agencies , which have become full of plastic flowers , cheap paintings and multicolored rugs and furniture , he said .
Several agencies buy their art from a market in the Karada neighborhood of Baghdad . Hussein Ali al-Khafaji , the son of a famous Iraqi artist and the owner of a Karada gallery , said that many officials did not even come to the gallery to buy artwork for their offices .
“ What they do is send their bodyguards here , ” he said . “ Some of the bodyguards take photos of the paintings to show their officials so they can choose a painting . ”
Mr. Khafaji said he routinely charged $ 1,000 for paintings worth only $ 100 , because the officials did not understand art . “ They do n't know the difference between a good and bad painting , ” he said . “ They do n't understand anything , so how can they understand art ? ”
The officials in charge of the public taste committee said they had had some success in persuading government agencies to tone down the colors , but acknowledged that they had a way to go . Until then , Mr. Sabti said , Baghdad will just have to scuff its way through one of the ugliest periods in its history . “ There is no worse era than this time , ” he said .
For Mr. Taey , the best hope may be a plague of sandstorms .
Then , he said , “ all of these colors will be hiding because of good old dust . It will at least reduce the bad taste , and maybe that 's God 's gift to correct our mistakes . ”
UPDATE : The 10th Circuit Court denied the Emergency Motion for Stay Sunday .
SALT LAKE CITY — The Utah Attorney General 's Office filed a motion with the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver asking for an emergency stay to halt same-sex marriages by Monday .
Filings against the emergency stay were submitted Saturday , and Gov . Gary Herbert sent a letter to county clerks advising them on how to proceed in the interim .
A federal judge declared Utah 's Amendment Three , which defines marriage as solely between a man and a woman , as unconstitutional , Friday .
Judge Robert J. Shelby 's ruling comes after a lawsuit was filed by three same-sex couples against Gov . Gary Herbert and former Utah Attorney General John Swallow , stating the law infringed on their rights to due process and equal protection under the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution .
Poll : Should same-sex marriages continue in Utah ?
Lawyers for the couples who sued the state filed the opposition papers saying a federal judge already found there were harms imposed by Utah 's Amendment Three , and halting it – even temporarily – constitutes irreparable injury .
Shelby has scheduled a hearing Monday at 9 a.m. on the state 's request to halt same-sex marriages .
If Shelby declines to issue a stay , the state will then ask the 10th U.S . Circuit Court to do so . Any arguments on appeals are n't likely to be heard for some time .
There was some confusion at the Weber County Clerk 's office Saturday , as officials said they intended to open for special hours in order to issue marriage licenses , but they ultimately decided against it . About 1,000 people turned up at the building .
In a post on their Facebook page , Equality Utah said , “ Worst case scenario we will only have 1 hour in which marriages can be performed by the respective county clerks . ”
In the post titled , “ Everything you need to know about getting married tomorrow morning ” Equality Utah said they had confirmed that Salt Lake and Weber county clerks would be open and ready to marry people “ exactly at 8am ” . The post advised couples to download and fill out their applications online ahead of time to expedite the process .
Brandie Balken , Executive Director of Equality Utah , confirmed the details of the posting to FOX 13 News over the phone Sunday .
An illegal brick kiln is imploded in Sheqi county , in China 's Henan province . Reuters Moral hazard has arrived in China .
According to the Chinese business publication Caixin , the first of China 's massive state-owned organizations has collapsed under the weight of $ 2.2 billion worth of bad debt in China 's interbank bond market .
The company , Guangxi Nonferrous Metals Group , filed for bankruptcy nine months ago but only got approval from the Chinese government to go bankrupt a few days ago .
This is different from other Chinese bankruptcies . It 's the first company in China 's superliquid , over-the-counter interbank market to go bust . Past bankruptcies involved only bank or corporate debt — this one involves 108 creditors .
Of course , Guangxi Nonferrous Metals Group — a regional company that used a local government financing vehicle to grow before it was delisted in 2011 — had been suffering losses for years before it defaulted on bonds and notes .
The harder they come , the harder they fall
This is an all too familiar story for China 's massive state-owned ( and quasi-state-owned ) industrial , manufacturing , and property companies . The building boom that expanded the Chinese economy over the last decade or so must — according to the government — slow down , and the economy must transition to one based less on that than on individual consumption and services like banking and retail .
But for that to happen , companies that are limping along must be put down in order to free up capital for healthier new enterprises . And the goods they make — their overcapacity — have to find somewhere to go despite a lack of demand not just from China , but from the entire world .
That is why Nomura wrote in a recent note that Guangxi is just the beginning :
`` This case will not be unique , in our view . We highlighted the risk of rising defaults earlier this year , especially in industries burdened with overcapacity . We continue to expect more defaults to come . We believe that we may see divergence in the credit bond market .
`` On the one hand , we expect the government to take over some corporate debt , most likely in the form of debt swaps or bail-outs , which will lower the risk and extend the maturity of some LGFV bonds . ... On the other hand , however , more defaults and bankruptcies are likely to be permitted , leading to a rise in risk premia . ''
Get ready .
For more on this , listen to BI 's Linette Lopez and Josh Barro interview infamous China bear investor , Jim Chanos on their podcast , Hard Pass :
Muslim Boy Scouts gather before a Trump sign . ( Andre Chung for The Washington Post )
Arsalan Iftikhar is an international human rights lawyer , senior research fellow for the Bridge Initiative at Georgetown University and author of `` Scapegoats : How Islamophobia Helps Our Enemies & Threatens Our Freedoms . ''
In the seismic aftermath of the 2016 presidential election , there is only silver lining for millions of women , African Americans , Hispanics , people with disabilities and 7 million American Muslims like me . Now , every minority demographic group in the United States must now feel a sense of collective urgency to mobilize together for the future of our multicultural society based on what we witnessed during this presidential election .
In addition to his blatant misogyny and anti-immigrant xenophobia during his presidential campaign , we have also seen Donald Trump 's political campaign successfully normalize Islamophobia as part of the current national Republican Party platform as it exists today .
But it is important to keep in mind that Islamophobia in America did not begin with Trump and it will not end with Trump . Former Bush speechwriter Michael Gerson once noted in a Washington Post column that Islamophobia is becoming an entrenched platform within the Republican Party . Gerson observed that during the last two presidential nomination cycles , Republican candidates , at various points , have proposed requiring a loyalty oath for Muslims to serve in government and ruled out Muslims serving in their administration ; called sharia law “ a mortal threat to the survival of freedom in the United States ” ; described Muslim immigration as “ colonization ” warning that Muslim immigrants “ want to come and conquer us ” ; said there were only a handful of “ reasonable , moderate followers of Islam , ” and described Islam as “ a religion that promotes the most murderous mayhem on the planet . ”
Trump took these Islamophobic tendencies to new levels when he famously proclaimed that we needed to implement “ a total and complete shutdown ” of Muslims entering the United States . After the emotional speech from Khizr Khan at the 2016 Democratic National Convention , instead of praising the Muslim Gold Star family , Donald Trump instead publicly implied that Ghazala Khan — Khizr 's wife — was not “ allowed to speak ” at the Democratic convention because of her Muslim culture .
He also once told Yahoo News that he would actually consider requiring Muslim-Americans to register with an official government database or even possibly mandating that we be required to carry special identification cards with us at all times . In a rare display of journalistic pushback , after Donald Trump once confirmed to reporters that he would set up a database for Muslim Americans , an NBC News reporter asked him point-blank in response :
“ Is there a difference between requiring Muslims to register and Jews in Nazi Germany ? ”
“ You tell me , ” Trump replied while walking away .
Aside from his blatant Islamophobia , we have also seen Donald Trump make abhorrent statements about many other disenfranchised groups within America today . From referring to Mexicans as “ rapists ” to suggesting that we implement a national policy of “ stop and frisk , ” which disparately impacts the African American community , the political campaign of Donald Trump proves that there still remains a critical mass of white nationalists who do not care if their presidential candidate shows a blatant disdain for millions of women , Hispanics , people with disabilities or Muslims across America .
In the live on-air words of CNN contributor Van Jones on election night , Trump 's presidential campaign was a successful “ white-lash ” against immigrants , African Americans and Muslims in the United States today . But on behalf of minorities across this country , we will not be afraid of demagogues like Trump .
If there is one silver lining for the American Muslim community in the aftermath of the Trump campaign , it is that Muslims have politically mobilized at the local grass roots level in ways that have never been seen before . We saw major voter registration drives at mosques and Islamic community centers across the country as American Muslims realized the potential stakes of a Trump presidency .
Some rays of hope at the political level included the victory of a 34-year-old Muslim woman named Ilhan Omar as she successfully became the first Somali-American woman to be elected to a state legislature in Minnesota . In Michigan , professional WWE wrestler Terrance “ Rhyno ” Guido Gerin was also handily defeated by Muslim-American Abdullah Hammoud in the race for Michigan 's 15th House District seat . And Muslim representative Keith Ellison retained his congressional seat in Minnesota 's 5th district .
There are millions of Americans , including myself , who are stunned that we have just elected a misogynistic and xenophobic polemicist as our commander in chief for the next four years . But we should n't let our shock or despair paralyze us . In fact , now more than ever it is a civic duty and moral imperative for Hispanics , women , Muslims and every other minority group in America to mobilize together to neutralize the effect of Trump 's rise on our great nation .
FARMINGTON , N.M .
Five hundred and 25 years after Columbus sailed the ocean blue , the city of Farmington is taking a closer look at the Italian explorer and the holiday that celebrates his voyage .
During a regular city council meeting Tuesday , Farmington Mayor Tommy Roberts officially proclaimed the second Monday in October every year as “ Indigenous Peoples Day . ”
Although the proclamation does not explicitly replace the designation of that same date as Columbus Day , it does add nuance to conversations about European explorers and the destruction of America 's Indigenous people .
“ This proclamation represents a desire to demonstrate respect for our neighbors , ” Roberts said during the meeting .
More than a quarter of Farmington 's population is Navajo , he said , and additional residents claim membership in the Hopi , Southern Ute , Ute Mountain Ute and Jicarilla Apache tribes .
The proclamation acknowledges that Indigenous peoples occupied the Four Corners area “ many hundreds of years prior to European exploration and settlement ” and continue to be “ a prominent and an influential part of the rich cultural , societal , economic and political history . ”
It also recognizes that the city of Farmington “ benefits each and every day , in a multitude of ways , from the contributions of Indigenous peoples . ”
With its proclamation , Farmington joins the growing ranks of municipalities both local and nationwide that are showing Columbus the door . Albuquerque , Denver , Los Angeles and Seattle have abolished Columbus Day completely , officially replacing the holiday with Indigenous Peoples Day .
In Farmington , a town bordering the northeastern part of the Navajo Nation , historical relationships with indigenous neighbors have been unpredictable at best . Since 1974 , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights twice has visited Farmington to investigate what it called “ a conflict of cultures . ”
The commission , which first studied Farmington following the brutal murders of three Navajo men in 1974 , explored community attitudes , administration of justice , access to medical and health services and economic inequality . It revealed systemic discrimination against Navajo citizens and called on elected officials and professional leaders to make changes .
When the commission returned in 2004 , it found “ significant progress in race relations between Navajos and whites in Farmington , ” but still identified persistent racist attitudes and ongoing tensions . Following the commission 's recommendations , Farmington in 2007 established its Community Relations Commission , a nine-member board tasked with safeguarding equal opportunities for all citizens .
Three years later , the city of Farmington and the Navajo Nation entered into a memorandum of agreement to harmoniously address issues of discrimination .
Tuesday 's proclamation represents another step in the right direction , said Shiprock Chapter President Duane “ Chili ” Yazzie , who has fought for civil rights in the Farmington area for decades .
In a statement to the city council , Yazzie acknowledged the discussion process that resulted in the proclamation and called for greater communication and collaboration in the future .
The proclamation “ is a recognition of a great egregious wrong that was done to the Native peoples of this western hemisphere , ” Yazzie said .
“ There is no doubt that our indigenous world would have been eventually found by foreigners … but we did not have to be slaughtered , ” he said . “ Columbus is not a man to be celebrated . His reputed accomplishment is overshadowed by the atrocities that he perpetrated . ”
Most people could n't tell you their favorite candidate 's birthday . But if you are a ‘ Ron Pauler , ' not only do you probably know it 's his birthday , but you 're probably giving him a present . And as of 4pm EST today , supporters have dropped almost $ 900,000 into his campaign during today 's one-day “ birthday money bomb ” .
Coming off a close-second place finish in the Ames straw poll last week , Ron Paul and his supporters are flexing their fundraising muscles . Last election cycle , Ron Paul 's supporters set the record for most online donations to a political campaign in a single day , twice : on November 5th and December 16th , 2007 .
With several months to go and Ron Paul 's support growing faster than ever before , you can bet that he will have some even bigger fundraising “ money bombs ” in the coming months .
The U.S. military already uses a fleet of unmanned spy blimps to keep tabs on would-be enemies in Afghanistan and Iraq . Now , the Navy wants to upgrade the airships ' sight and hearing , as part of its push for `` wide area persistent surveillance . ''
The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division in Lakehurst New Jersey issued a call for research proposals this week , looking for all sorts of new sensors , sensor-processors , and communication relays to use on its new , snooping aerostats .
According to the Navy , the lighter-than-air-craft should also be able to see all across the spectrum – from ultraviolet to visible light to infrared . The system should incorporate `` advanced radar for target detection and tracking ; laser radar for target tracking and identification ; ESM [ electronic support measures ] for target location cueing and identification ; C4I [ Command , Control , Communications , Computers , and Intelligence ] for receiving and disseminating target information and secure transmission of imagery and target track data . ''
Ideas on other surveillance gear – acoustic sensors , magnetic anomaly detectors , `` biometrics technologies , '' and `` non-cooperative ID sensors '' – are also welcome . Ditto the `` insertion of artificial intelligence ( AI ) techniques into airborne sensors for situational optimization . '' And in case blimps ai n't your thang , spyboys , the Navy will also be happy to look at proposals involving `` unattended ground sensors and compact autonomous vehicles , '' too . Under this surveillance project , it 's all covered .
[ Photo : DoD ]
ALSO :
Despite what we know of Ducati these days , the Italian bike maker was , at one point in a time , a developer of small variation motorcycles . One of those models was the Ducati 50 Sport , a machine that featured a 48 cc single-cylinder , two-stroke engine mated to a three-speed transmission .
The 50 Sport was one of the bikes that carried this powertrain and in doing so , it became one of the most popular bikes not just for pleasure riders , but also for competition too .
This particular 50 Sport is an example of an older restoration that remains remarkably attractive despite its age . Its silver and blue paint makes for a perfect pit bike for vintage races , or if that 's not your thing , joy rides on the open countryside .
The 50 Sport was sold at a price of €3,510 ( $ 4,500 ) , right around the estimated price - €2,500 - €3,500 ( $ 3,200 - $ 4,500 ) - before it was auctioned off at the 2012 RM Auctions in Monaco .
Published July 21st , 2009 edit replace rm !
I am really happy to announce a major update to the Rails OAuth Plugin it has been coming over the last week or two with help from Nobukazu Matake .
The plugin is now a gem . Just install it with :
sudo gem install oauth-plugin
For a quick tutorial in how to use it see How to turn your rails site into an OAuth Provider .
New OAuth Consumer generator
The biggest news is the OAuth Consumer generator which should remove any excuses you ever had to not use OAuth when talking to Twitter etc . I will cover this in more the next blog post . For now check out the README for more .
OAuth 1.0a support
The biggest change on the Provider side is support for OAuth 1.0a . There is also optional backwards compatible support for the insecure OAuth 1.0 .
Please read Seth 's Idiot 's Guide to OAuth 1.0a for detailed information on what changed and why .
Nothing has changed on the OAuth 1.0a for existing AccessTokens , but if you need to support clients that only support 1.0 add the following at the bottom of your environment.rb file :
OAUTH_10_SUPPORT = true
HAML support
Both consumer and provider will now create haml view templates . Just use the —haml flag .
Cleanup and easier updates
The original plugin was a really quick proof of concept , with lots of things that really needed cleaning up . I am trying to do that little by little now .
The first step of this is to have the main functionality of the OauthController in a module within the plugin . This allows you to update it easily . We will do the same for the various Token classes as well over the next few releases .
How to upgrade ?
As long as you 're using git/svn or whatever the easiest way to upgrade is to run the generator and let it overwrite your existing files . Then use a diff tool to bring any changes you had done into the new code .
If you do n't like the idea of doing that check the README for what should be done . Worst comes to worst create a dummy rails project run the generator and compare files .
Do you need advise or help with implementing OAuth in your Rails application ?
I am available as a consultant and would be glad to help your company out . Whether you need help in developing an OAuth strategy or in practical hands on implementation help . Send me an email at [ email protected ] to let me know what you need help with and I can give you an estimate and my rate .
Dear Angry Mom ,
I just finished reading your letter to Cam Newton that appeared in Tuesday 's edition of the Charlotte Observer . Admittedly , I have n't thought of penning a letter to an athlete since I decided I wanted to marry Walter Payton . When I was 4 years old . Still , kudos to you for having and executing an idea that netted you 15 minutes of viral fame .
I , like you , am a mother ( to two boys ) . I also work in sports media , which means I was pretty much obligated to read your missive . In fact , I 'm pretty sure it was the subject of every third tweet on my timeline .
Let me get right to the point : I found your criticisms of Newton to be woefully misplaced . More crucially , it defies logic that , of all the things happening in the NFL , from domestic violence to concussions and everything in between , this is the one that upset you enough to put quill to paper . I also found your sentiments to be backward , antiquated , ignorant and — because there 's really no other way to put this — racial in overtone .
By all accounts , Cam Newton is among the most gifted and hardest-working players in the league . No , you did n't call him a “ thug , ” per se , but the coded language in your letter could n't have been more obvious :
`` The chest puffs . The pelvic thrusts . The arrogant struts and the ‘ in your face ' taunting of both the Titans ' players and fans . We saw it all . ''
Oh , I 'm sure you did . Now , you did realize you were at an NFL game , right ? Not a taping of Antiques Road Show ? Have you ever watched an NFL game before ? I 'm not sure if you 're privy to what 's been going on the league over the last few years , but if I 'm taking my children to see real-world examples of graciousness and sportsmanship , a professional football game would rank somewhere between a NASCAR infield and a UFC weigh-in on the list . Even the best , biggest-name guys in the league stomp and strut after the most pedestrian of plays , acting like they just reeled in a large-mouth bass .
This is the NFL — the biggest , most diamond-studded stage in American sports . Surely , you recall Janet Jackson 's boob popping out during the Super Bowl Halftime Show , right ?
Ric Tapia / AP
Now , you said in your letter you consider yourself a fan . You also have a daughter . I 'm curious : Did you ever sit down and write a letter to Greg Hardy over beating up his girlfriend so badly that she looked like she 'd been in a car accident ?
Did you summon some holy rage when Ray Rice checked his texts while his fiancé​e lay unconscious on an elevator floor ?
Did Ray McDonald make you as angry as Cam Newton ?
Are these people role models for your daughters ?
Were you shocked and appalled by Carson Palmer telling Seattle fans to “ suck it ” ?
Carson Palmer had a little celebration of his own , including a nice hip thrust for Seahawks fans pic.twitter.com/ppZwZc2x8P — The Cauldron ( @ TheCauldron ) November 16 , 2015
What about Palmer 's backup , Drew Stanton , dancing comically down the sidelines on Andre Ellington 's touchdown run ?
Drew Stanton is amazing pic.twitter.com/b85pGTd2rR — The Cauldron ( @ TheCauldron ) November 16 , 2015
Were those guys “ arrogant ” ? Were they “ taunting ” or being too “ in your face ? ''
It 's pretty hard to argue Palmer and Stanton do n't deserve just as much scorn as Newton — if not more . And yet , according to Twitter , they received far less of it .
Let 's be honest for just a moment , shall we ? We do n't have to wonder why that is . Those of us who grew up in white communities know very well the kind of language used to denigrate young , black men without actually using those certain words . Instead , we use words like Arrogant . Or Taunting . Or In your face .
Truth be told , there are few athletes I 'd be comfortable having my kids look up to . Cam Newton just happens to be a rare exception . In fact , he 's about as clean-cut and controversy-free as NFL players come these days . He 's unfailingly polite and well-spoken . He continued his studies despite being taken first overall in the NFL draft , getting his college degree in sociology this year and keeping a promise to his mother .
His charity , the Cam Newton Foundation , helps children who are mentally , physically , or socio-economically disadvantaged . In fact , a two-second Google search — something you seemingly did n't bother to do — turns up dozens upon dozens of photos of him with smiling children , all of them pleased as punch just to be in his presence . And you know what ? He looks happy to be there . Not I'm-being-paid-to-do-this happy . Not my-team-made-me-be-here happy . Genuinely happy .
Chuck Burton / AP
And so I ask you : What mother would n't want her children to look up to a man like that ?
Clearly , I do n't know you . I ca n't say with certainty why you thought scolding Newton over his all-too-common on-field celebration was warranted . But I know why many , many other people feel as you do . I 'd like to believe that you have never used the word “ thug , ” but I know that many , many other people have . Ironically , the same thing that earns Palmer and Stanton laughs and backslaps completely unfurls to jeers and angry letters from parents when it comes to Newton .
Of course , you actually took things a step or two further :
`` And because you are a role model , your behavior brought out like behavior in the stands . Some of the Panthers fans in our section began taunting the hometown fans . Many Titans fans booed you , a few offering instructive , but not necessarily family friendly , suggestions as to how you might change your behavior . ''
You actually blamed Newton for the behavior of other ( presumably ) grown men in the stands . Whither the notion of personal responsibility ? Is it really fair to blame Newton for not acting like a role model , while excusing other adults — many of them older — for their bad behavior ? I mean , Cam Newton is a hell of a quarterback ; I had no idea he was a world-class hypnotist , too .
Finally , are we really to believe that your 9-year-old daughter was affected by Newton 's theatrics ? She 's 9 ; a Miley Cyrus appearance at the Teen Choice Awards is far more likely to corrupt your daughter than anything you 'll see on an NFL field .
Truth is , you could 've solved all of this — every last petty complaint — by simply explaining to your daughter what football actually is : a big , brash game played by big , brash men . You could 've told her that these players are human beings ; independent people that do n't always act how you want them to , the way you wish your own children would .
Instead , you wrote a lazy , half-considered letter to try to shame a player who deserves it far less than do several of his notorious colleagues . So go ahead and gawk and squawk and squeal about Newton 's “ pelvic thrusts ” and “ in your face taunting ” 'til the cows come home . Your letter reveals more about you ( and the far too many people who agree with you ) than it ever will about Cam Newton . Just make sure you sit down with your daughter and have her Google Cam Newton , and then Greg Hardy . Show her the images that come up . Help her digest the stories . Only then will your misplaced views be put into their proper context for her .
And with any luck , each of you will have learned a few things .
Sincerely ,
Another Angry Mom ( albeit for different reasons entirely )
​
Balenciaga 's Speed Trainer has been one of the footwear hits of the year , exemplified by the fact it can be regularly spotted on the feet of streetwear kids and fashionistas alike . Arguably the apogee of the knit trainer craze , the Demna Gvasalia-helmed brand has now provided the kick with a woven rework .
The breathable shoe , which has been crafted in Italy from cotton , features grosgrain trimmed edges , a round toe , rear pull tab , and a white wedge rubber sole with an engraved logo at the rear . It comes optioned in red or black .
Another banger added to the Balenciaga inventory is the Base Logo Print sneaker . Perfect for some street flexin ' , the low-top arrives with a leather upper ( again crafted in Italy ) and all-over Balenciaga logo prints .
Find out more over at the Balenciaga website .
In related news , the French house recently dropped a $ 200 underwear set .
Subscribe
Battle to save your colony in over 30 missions , including recon , search and rescue , night raids , and full scale battles .
Create your own missions with the Random Scenario Generator .
Suit up in Scout , Standard or Heavy Hi-Tech Powered Battle Armor depending upon your mission .
How did the world get so ugly so fast ? We were almost there , and then Gomez got scragged by a heavy turret and Slugger learned the difference between horseshoes and hand grenades . That left Rossi and me . `` There 's the drop-ship ! '' Rossi screams . `` We 're outta here , Nik ! `` `` Rossi wait ! '' But it 's too late . A particle beam turns Rossi into a smear on the landscape . The pirate sniper makes a quick sprint for cover ... not quick enough . `` Get aboard , Nikola ! '' your radio squawks . Suddenly , a hulking tank crests the hill launching a deadly hail of missiles at your position.The radio crackles : `` Nikola ? Nikola , are you there ? Come in Squad Leader ... '' In Terra Nova : Strike Force Centauri you lead an elite fighting team battling for freedom from the sinister forces of the Earth Hegemony . Engage in combat on the bloody battlefields of four unique worlds . Encased in your Power Battle Armour you are an unstoppable fighting force . Which is just as well , for as your colony prospers a new breed of pirate has emerged . More organised and armed with powerful weapons , these new pirates have prompted the Centauri government to establish an elite fighting force , the Strike Force Centauri.Lead your team against the new threat to Centauri peace and discover the dark secret behind the pirates ' growing military might ...
Hillary Clinton directly addressed questions in recent interviews about her exclusive use of a personal email account and server to conduct government business as secretary of state . But her answers only reveal part of the story :
Clinton said her personal email account was “ allowed by the State Department. ” It was permitted if work emails were preserved . Federal rules required Clinton to preserve work emails before she left office , but she did not turn over her emails until 21 months after she left office .
Clinton said “ turning over my server ” to the government shows “ I have been as transparent as I could ” about her emails . But she did so in August after the FBI opened an investigation . In March , she rejected calls to turn over the server to a neutral party , saying “ the server will remain private . ”
Clinton said “ everybody in government with whom I emailed knew that I was using a personal email. ” But that ignores those — including President Obama — who did not know that she used it exclusively for government business .
The Democratic front-runner for her party 's presidential nomination addressed the email controversy in interviews on Sept. 4 with MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell and again on Sept. 7 with the Associated Press . The subject has been dogging Clinton ever since the New York Timesreported on March 2 that she exclusively used a personal email account and computer server to conduct official government business . The article also reported that , at the State Department 's request , Clinton on Dec. 5 , 2014 , gave the department just over 30,000 printed copies of work-related emails .
Clinton previously addressed the email issue in her first national interview with CNN in early July , but a lot has happened since then . The inspector general of the intelligence community said her emails contained classified information and made a “ security referral ” to the Justice Department in late July . Clinton directed her campaign in mid-August to turn over her computer server to the FBI , which is now investigating .
Mitchell told MSNBC colleague Rachel Maddow that she believes she got the interview because the campaign needs to “ reset ” on the issue . “ The campaign needed to do a serious interview on the subject , ” Mitchell said .
‘ Allowed by State Department '
Let 's look at some of the statements that Clinton made in her interviews , beginning with whether her unusual email arrangement was “ allowed by the State Department . ”
Clinton , Sept. 4 : I know why the American people have questions about it . And I want to make sure I answer those questions , starting with the fact that my personal email use was fully above board . It was allowed by the State Department , as they have confirmed . Clinton Sept. 7 : I understand why people have questions and I 'm trying to answer as many of those in as many different settings as I can . What I did was allowed by the State Department . It was fully above board .
The campaign cites a rule issued by the National Archives and Records Administration in October 2009 — eight months after Clinton became secretary of state — that said federal agencies may allow the use of personal emails under certain circumstances .
National Archives , Oct. 2 , 2009 : Agencies that allow employees to send and receive official electronic mail messages using a system not operated by the agency must ensure that Federal records sent or received on such systems are preserved in the appropriate agency recordkeeping system .
At a March 3 press briefing , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf also cited the 2009 NARA rule in saying Clinton apparently complied with the rules .
“ As I said , there 's no prohibition on using this kind of email account as long as it 's preserved , ” Harf said . “ She has taken steps to preserve those records by providing the State Department with the 55,000 pages , so – I 'm not a NARA expert , but certainly , it sounds to me like that has been completed . ”
Harf is admittedly no NARA expert , but Jason R. Baron is .
Baron , a lawyer at Drinker Biddle and a former director of litigation at the National Archives , told the Senate Judiciary Committee in May that “ any employee 's decision to conduct all e-mail correspondence through a private e-mail network , using a non-.gov address , is inconsistent with long-established policies and practices under the Federal Records Act and NARA regulations governing all federal agencies . ”
Also , as we have written , Clinton should have turned over her emails before she left office , but she did n't .
NARA regulations require federal agencies to maintain an NARA-approved schedule for the disposition of federal records . The State Department Records Disposition Schedule says “ incoming and outgoing correspondence and memorandums on substantive U.S. foreign policy issues ” should be permanently retained “ at the end of the Secretary 's tenure or sooner if necessary . ”
Clinton left office Feb. 1 , 2013 . She did not turn over her emails to the State Department until Dec. 5 , 2014 , and only after the department in October of that year requested the emails in part to respond to the congressional requests for documents related to the Benghazi attacks on Sept. 11 , 2012 .
The Clinton campaign has said that she complied with NARA regulations because “ more than 90 % of those emails should have already been captured in the State Department 's email system before she provided them with paper copies . ”
But that assumes that the people receiving an email from Clinton properly preserved the record . Baron , the former director of litigation at NARA , told us for a previous story that Clinton “ basically offloaded her burden to others ” to preserve her emails . He told us Clinton was out of compliance with the regulations the day she left office .
One last point : The Washington Post Fact Checker wrote that when she was secretary in June 2011 “ a cable went out under her signature warning employees to ‘ avoid conducting official Department business from your personal e-mail accounts . ' ”
The Clinton campaign noted that that cable was sent after Google disclosed that the Gmail accounts of some government employees were being targeted by hackers originating in China — a situation Clinton described at the time as “ very serious. ” The cable did not say that the advice was limited to those with Gmail accounts . Asked if the campaign was suggesting that it applied only to Gmail users , Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin said he was offering “ important context ” given that the department has said personal email use was permitted under certain circumstances .
Laura Cavanaugh via Getty Images
Transparency and Clinton 's Server
In her interview with Mitchell , Clinton took responsibility for her decision to use a private email account . She also took some credit for being “ as transparent as I could ” in handling the email controversy .
Clinton , Sept. 4 : I take responsibility . I should 've had two accounts — one for personal , one for work-related — and I 've been as transparent as I could , asking all 55,000 pages be released to the public , turning over my server , looking for opportunities to testify before Congress . I 've offered for nearly a year .
It 's true that she asked the State Department to release her emails on March 5 , but the request came three months after she gave the emails to the department and three days after the New York Times broke the story that she exclusively used a personal email system to conduct official business .
As for her server , Clinton initially rejected suggestions that she turn it over to an independent third-party . At a March 10 press conference , Clinton said all personal emails were deleted from her server , and she rejected the suggestion that she turn her server over to an “ independent arbiter ” to prove that she did not destroy any work-related emails .
Clinton , March 10 : The server contains personal communications from my husband and me , and I believe I have met all of my responsibilities and the server will remain private , and I think that the State Department will be able , over time , to release all of the records that were provided .
Five months later , on Aug. 11 , Clinton directed her legal team to turn over her email server and a thumb drive containing copies of her emails to the Justice Department . “ Clinton has pledged to cooperate with the government 's security inquiry , ” the campaign said .
The Justice Department review was triggered by I. Charles McCullough III , the inspector general of the intelligence community , who made a “ security referral ” to the department for “ potential compromises of national security ” after a small sampling of Clinton 's emails found four that contained classified information . None of them had classification markings . Clintonhas described the situation as a typical “ disagreement among various parts of the government ” over whether certain parts of her email correspondence material should or should not be made public .
The Clinton campaign told us there was no point in turning over the server earlier because there were no longer emails on it and the State Department had printed copies of all the work-related emails . The FBI security review is different , it said , because the review is a security issue . The campaign referred us to a Sept. 3 Bloomberg News story that said the FBI is examining the server for signs of security breaches .
There is a difference , but she can not delete emails , refuse to allow her server to be examined by an independent third party , and then accurately claim she is being “ as transparent as I could . ”
‘ Everybody ' Knew ?
Clinton also told Mitchell and the Associated Press that her use of a personal email account was “ fully above board , ” because everyone who received an email from her knew that she was using a personal account .
Clinton , Sept. 4 : The people in the government knew that I was using a personal account … the people I was emailing to on the dot gov system certainly knew and they would respond to me on my personal email . Clinton , Sept. 7 : It was fully above board . Everybody in the government with whom I emailed knew that I was using a personal email , and I have said it would have been a better choice to have had two separate email accounts .
What she says is accurate , but incomplete . Those who exchanged emails with Clinton undoubtedly knew she had a personal account , but how many knew that she used it exclusively for government business ? President Obama , for one , did not .
On March 7 , CBS reporter Bill Plante asked Obama when he first learned “ that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. government. ” He replied , “ The same time everybody else learned it through news reports . ”
Two days later , White House spokesman Josh Earnest expanded on the president 's answer . He said of course he knew her email address . “ But the president was not aware of the fact that this was a personal email server and that this was the email address that she was using exclusively for all her business , ” he said .
In minimizing her unusual email arrangement , Clinton glosses over the big difference between those who knew she had a personal email account and those who knew she was using it exclusively for government business . She has used variations on this theme — claiming , for example , that previous “ secretaries of state ” did the “ same thing , ” but as we have written before only Colin Powell used personal email for official business and there 's no evidence that he maintained a personal server .
Correction , Sept. 8 : An earlier version of this story incorrectly characterized Colin Powell 's email use while secretary of state .
Also on HuffPost :
Stereotypes about people in sex offender registries might finally be starting to release their stranglehold on public policy . Photo by Comstock/Thinkstock
Since 1994 , when Congress first ordered states to create sex offender registries , the laws in the United States about sex crimes have steadily ratcheted up . We now have what experts say is the most draconian regime in the world . As we 've tried to show in Slate this week , legislators have repeatedly expanded the definition of a sex offender , extended the periods of time for which offenders must register , and toughened the consequences of registration . And they have done all this even though these laws rest on flawed stereotypes , not solid evidence .
Now , some parts of government—including law enforcement—are starting to urge change . A report by the Council of State Governments , a nonpartisan organization funded in part by the states , noted that “ common myths about sex offenders continue to influence laws. ” The report concluded that “ there is little empirical proof that sex offender registries and notification make communities safer. ” The California Sex Offender Management Board , which includes a district attorney , police officers , and corrections officials , went even further earlier this year , saying that “ the registry has , in some ways , become counterproductive to improving public safety. ” The board called for “ overhauling ” the system to treat varying groups of sex offenders differently , based on their risks of reoffending . “ When everyone is viewed as posing a significant risk , the ability for law enforcement and the community to differentiate between who is truly high risk and more likely to reoffend becomes impossible , ” the board said .
Yet , despite these inroads , the political will to rein in sex offender registries is rare , if not absent . For example , the 1,500-plus sex offender bills introduced by state legislators in 2007 and 2008 reflected a “ clear trend ” toward harsher penalties , according to another report by the Council of State Governments . Efforts in the opposite direction have often been doomed . Take Missouri . State lawmakers passed a bill to remove juvenile offenders ( those who committed sex offenses when they were 18 or younger ) from the state registry 's website and to allow them to petition for removal from police department sex offender lists . Remarkably , the bill passed 153-0 in the state House and 28-4 in the Senate . And then Gov . Jay Nixon vetoed it . “ The leadership of the House may be ready to help violent sex offenders hide from the public and law enforcement , but their victims , and the millions of Missourians who use these websites to help keep their families safe , are not , ” he said .
To reformers , the failure to pass meaningful reforms shows how hard it remains for lawmakers to resist public demands to crack down on a group that is simply reviled . “ We want to vilify these people , because they 're easy to hate , ” Patty Wetterling , whose son Jacob was kidnapped at age 11 and remains missing nearly 25 years later , told me in an interview last month . Media coverage still fuels this impulse . “ High-profile cases involving sex offenders continue to dominate the news ” and “ understandably shape the public perception of sex offenders , ” according to the Council of State Governments report . The result , the report concluded , is that “ lawmakers face an arduous task ” if they try to push smarter , not tougher , policies . Another report from the Center for Sex Offender Management , a research group funded by the U.S. Department of Justice , also concluded that public perceptions “ pose a significant challenge . ”
In California , no legislator has yet introduced a bill to implement the state board recommendations I mentioned above . For example , while California now requires lifetime registration for all offenders—regardless of the risk they pose—the board called for restricting lifetime registration to high-risk groups such as sexually violent predators , kidnappers , and repeat offenders . Nonviolent offenders would be subject to a 10-year registration requirement , absent individualized factors that make them appear higher risk . In an email to me , Brenda Crowding , an official with the board , tried to sound sanguine about the lack of progress : “ The Board is aware that evidenced-based , research-driven policy recommendations which change long established practice and legislation take time . ”
It 's important to remember that failing to categorize offenders based on risk has consequences . When everyone is treated the same say , the system is inevitably overburdened—and dangerous offenders slip through the cracks . Jaycee Dugard , for example , was kidnapped at age 11 and held captive by a registered sex offender for 18 years in the face of multiple lapses in California 's registration system . “ The police were so exhausted that really all they could do was take a look in the doorway when this woman was held captive since she was 11 in the backyard , ” Nicole Pittman , an expert at the National Council on Crime and Delinquency , told me . California ultimately paid Dugard and her family $ 20 million to settle claims that state authorities had failed to adequately supervise her kidnapper .
Abandoning the one-size-fits-all approach to offenders is just a first step toward broader reform . The Center for Sex Offender Management , the research group funded by the Department of Justice , has identified 20 best practices , including better treatment programs , more housing options upon release from prison , and distinct strategies for dealing with juvenile offenders . These ideas are actually grounded in science . The report cited research showing that treatment “ is associated with reduced recidivism among sex offenders , ” which is why ensuring its ability is vital to improving public safety . Similarly , the research demonstrated that “ stabilization in the community contributes to decreases in reoffense rates. ” And yet laws restricting where sex offenders can live have swept the nation in recent years , leaving homeless offenders to live under bridges . Finally , treating juvenile offenders the same as adults “ has not been found to increase public safety , and it comes with potential unintended consequences , such as social and peer rejection , disruption in the development of a healthy identity , and other barriers to adjustment and stability . ”
Beyond the policy changes , however , Wetterling also sees a need for something else , something more fundamental . “ These are human beings who made a mistake . If we want them to succeed , we 're going to need to build a place for integrating them into our culture , ” she told me . “ Right now , you could n't walk into a church or community meeting and say , ‘ I was a sex offender , but I 've gone through treatment . I now have this lovely family , and I am so grateful to be a part of this community . ' There is no place for success stories . Nobody believes them . ”
Brenda Jones , executive director of Reform Sex Offender Laws , a volunteer advocacy group , understands the need for these changes firsthand . She has a family member who was convicted of possessing and distributing child pornography in 2009 . He was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison and , once released , will likely have to register as a sex offender for 25 years . Looking ahead to his release , “ I worry the most about will he find a place to feel accepted and stable , and will he be able to maintain the medical and the mental health support that he has now in prison ? ” Jones told me . “ Will he have any kind of quality of life ? That 's what I 'm fighting for . ”
The Sri Lankan government 's ongoing dirty tactics to silence and smear dissidents are a brazen attempt to deflect criticism as the country faces fresh scrutiny at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva , Amnesty International said today .
The Council is due to vote next week on a resolution calling for an international investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Sri Lanka during the protracted and bloody internal armed conflict with the LTTE ( Tamil Tigers ) . Since the end of the conflict in May 2009 , the government under President Mahinda Rajapaksa has pursued a crackdown on its critics .
“ Sri Lanka must put an end to the campaign of intimidation and dirty tactics against outspoken human rights defenders , journalists , lawyers and families of the disappeared , ” said Peter Splinter , Amnesty International Representative to the United Nations in Geneva .
The hasty release of two prominent human rights activists yesterday after their detention on 16 March is a welcome development , the organization said . But behind their case are a number of other peaceful activists who have been detained in recent months in a bid to stamp out dissent .
“ While it 's positive that the human rights defenders Ruki Fernando and Father Praveen Mahesan have been released , the world must not be fooled . The fact remains they should never have been arrested in the first place . The Sri Lankan authorities must stop repressing critical voices and ensure the safety of all those who peacefully express inconvenient truths about the country 's post-war human rights situation , ” said Peter Splinter .
Ruki Fernando of the Colombo-based NGO INFORM and Father Praveen Mahesan , a Catholic priest , were released on 18 March after being arrested in Kilinochchi two days earlier . They were believed to be detained without formal charges under Sri Lanka 's draconian Prevention of Terrorism Act ( PTA ) .
In a diplomatic note circulated to UN member states ' permanent missions in Geneva on 18 March , the Sri Lankan government sought to portray the two as engaging with people who were trying to revive the LTTE armed group in Sri Lanka . Reports also cite Sri Lankan officials as saying that the two men were arrested for supplying “ false information ” about the human rights situation in northern Sri Lanka to damage the country 's reputation at the UN .
“ These are preposterous allegations , and they show the lengths to which the Sri Lankan government will go to bury the truth and sully the names of its critics . Using the world stage to smear peaceful rights activists puts Sri Lanka in the company of a small club of repressive authoritarian states , ” said Peter Splinter .
“ Instead of taking measurable steps towards ensuring justice for the victims of human rights violations , the Government of Sri Lanka continues to wage an aggressive campaign against those advocating for accountability and human rights . ”
Amnesty International has also received particularly disturbing reports that Sri Lankan intelligence forces may have created a special unit to monitor those suspected of conveying information to the UN . These allegations should be of concern to all UN member states .
The organization urges Sri Lanka to correct the disinformation that it has spread about Ruki Fernando and Father Praveen Mahesan , ensure their safety and respect their and others ' work as human rights defenders .
President Donald Trump takes a question from a reporter aboard Air Force One after leaving the APEC summit , Saturday , Nov. 11 , 2017 , while traveling to Hanoi , Vietnam . AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
Congress on Thursday sent President Donald Trump a sweeping defense policy bill authorizing a $ 700 billion budget for the military , including billions of dollars more for missile defense programs to counter the growing nuclear weapons threat from North Korea .
The defense authorization bill for 2018 sailed through the Senate by voice vote . The House had approved the measure earlier this week .
Lawmakers say the tens of billions of extra dollars are sorely needed to restock a U.S. military depleted by years of combat and a broken budgeting process that leaves the U.S. armed forces unsure of how much money they 'll get each year .
But there 's a catch . While the $ 700 billion military budget is a powerful political statement , the $ 700 billion plan remains notional until Congress can agree to roll back a 2011 law that set strict limits on federal budgets , including the Defense Department 's . The cap mandated by the law on national defense spending for the 2018 budget year is $ 549 billion .
Republicans and Democrats have n't been able to strike a deal so far . Many Republicans favor easing the caps only for defense spending . But Democrats also want to increase the budgets for other government agencies .
If they fail to reach an accord , Congress could be forced to again use stopgap spending bills . Under these short-term measures , the Pentagon 's budget is locked at current levels and the military services can be barred from starting new programs or ending old ones . Top military officials have testified that the stopgap measures have forced them to shift dollars intended for new weapons to pay for ongoing operations .
DVIDS
Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , the Armed Services Committee chairman , said in a statement that the overwhelming bipartisan support for $ 700 billion in defense spending is a firm signal that the lower amount required by the law is `` insufficient and unacceptable . ''
`` I call upon the president to sign this important legislation into law — and in doing so acknowledge that this is the level of defense spending necessary to meet current threats , prepare for the challenges of an increasingly dangerous world , and keep faith with our men and women in uniform , '' McCain said .
The 2018 defense bill allots about $ 634 billion for core Pentagon operations and nearly $ 66 billion for wartime missions in Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria and elsewhere . The funding boost pays for more troops , jet fighters , ships and other weapons needed to halt an erosion of the military 's combat readiness , according to the bill 's backers .
Garry Monk said his Leeds United squad were rapidly overcoming any fear of playing at Elland Road after a battling performance brought up a fourth successive home win .
Leeds fought through a tense finish on Saturday to seal a 2-1 victory over Barnsley and further enhance a home record which was causing Monk concern in the early weeks of the season .
The club 's head coach believed his players were constrained by “ apprehension ” initially , an observation backed up by Leeds taking one point from their first three league games at Elland Road .
One of those fixtures , a 2-1 defeat to Birmingham City , led an angry Monk to demand that his side show more “ mental toughness ” in front of their own crowd .
Leeds ' form has improved since then , resulting in four back-to-back wins at Elland Road , and Monk credited a crowd of 27,000 with helping United see out Saturday 's victory as Barnsley pressed for a point in the closing stages .
“ You 're seeing that relationship really growing now , ” Monk said . “ I talked after the Birmingham game about seeing apprehension in the players and apprehension in the crowd . That was no fault of anyone 's . It was just the way it was .
“ Of course performances help with that but in that last 10 minutes , when we had to defend , there was nothing negative from the crowd . Extra energy comes out of you when you feel the backing of almost 30,000 people .
“ We work a lot on attitude because this is a tough league . Mentally you have to be strong but you saw the character and fight in us . It all counts but on top of that there 's quality too . ”
A strong run during the past four weeks and a tally of five wins from seven games was helped by a sizeable improvement in United 's defensive organisation . Their progress in August was badly hindered by five goals conceded from corners . Leeds ' opener on Saturday was scored from a corner of their own , with Kyle Bartley arriving to side-foot home Pablo Hernandez 's cross .
“ It was nice to see us score from a set-piece offensively , ” Monk said . “ We 've corrected a lot of things defensively at set-pieces but I felt we had the players to be effective offensively as well . To score in that situation is pleasing . ”
Monk plans to give his players a short period of time off after a busy spell of seven fixtures in 21 days . Pontus Jansson , Stuart Dallas and Chris Wood are among those who are departing for international duty .
Monk said : “ We 've had a really busy period physically so there will be rest but we 'll do exactly what we did in the last one – we 'll work as well .
“ We saw in the last seven games the benefit of having that time with them ( at the end of August ) and as I said then , the more time I get on the training field the more benefit there is for the team . If we can do the same sort of work , maybe in different areas , we 'll hopefully see the same sort of reaction coming out of the break . ”
Monk , meanwhile , revealed that the Football Association has written to him over his dismissal in last week 's 1-0 defeat at Bristol City . The United boss was sent to the stands by referee Keith Stroud shortly before full-time at Ashton Gate but is yet to face any formal disciplinary charges from the FA .
“ There 's a letter come through , ” Monk said . “ I 'll read it and see what the situation is . ”
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/wbGm
— A man wanted in three separate shootings in Fayetteville early Saturday was captured Tuesday after he was found hiding in a clothes dryer in a Cumberland County home , the Cumberland County Sheriff 's Office said .
Authorities found Luther Gatling , 23 , while searching a home in the 4400 block of Zabell Drive .
`` As officers searched the home , they noticed one of Gatling 's dreadlocks sticking out of the closed dryer door , '' the sheriff 's office said in a statement . `` Gatling was removed from the clothes dryer , handcuffed and transported to the Fayetteville Police Department . ''
Gatling was found in the home of Corienne Ladwon Whitfield , 21 , who was arrested and charged with harboring or aiding certain persons . She was released from jail on an unsecured bond .
Detectives said Tuesday they would like to speak with Ryan Detrell Robinson , 22 , about the shooting . He is not wanted , authorities said . They only want to speak with him .
Gatling , of 208 Teague St. , is accused of shooting three people in three separate shootings that took place over 30 minutes at locations along Bragg Boulevard .
The first shooting happened just before 3:20 a.m. outside a club at 4943 Bragg Blvd . Authorities say a dark-colored SUV drove into the parking lot and hit the curb . Patrons in the parking lot began to exchange words with the driver of the SUV when someone inside the vehicle opened fire , police said .
Gatling is also accused of shooting at a taxicab about 10 minutes later near B and Link streets . No one was injured in that shooting .
The third shooting occurred just after 4 a.m. in the 800 block of Orange Street . A woman was shot in the leg while standing in the front yard of her home . Again , witnesses described a dark SUV and a passenger firing from inside .
`` It appears random , '' said Lt. James Nolette .
Anthony Glover was injured in the first shooting and suffered a wound to his leg . He questions whether Gatling was the man who shot him .
`` The guy that was shooting at us , he ( had ) really dark skin , very dark skin , and I do n't remember his hair being that long , neither , '' he said .
Nancy Folbre is an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .
On Oct. 27 , the United Steelworkers announced an agreement with Mondragon International to move toward establishment of manufacturing cooperatives in the United States and Canada .
Maybe this agreement represents a symbolic gesture that will not generate any significant economic benefits . Maybe it represents a step in the evolution of a new institutional form for the modern manufacturing firm .
It certainly represents a new direction for the American labor movement .
The United Steelworkers is the largest industrial union in the United States , with 1.2 million workers . Its ranks have been devastated by the decline in domestic steel production , and it now represents workers in a variety of industries , including health and education .
With almost 100,000 workers , the Mondragon Cooperative Corporation ( M.C.C . ) is the seventh largest business group in Spain and the world 's largest workers ' cooperative . Its diverse enterprises , including manufacturing firms , a university , retail shops and financial institutions , are not only worker-owned ; they are also democratically managed on the principle of one worker , one vote .
Unions have long been suspicious of worker-ownership proposals intended to co-opt organizing campaigns or as last-ditch efforts to rescue failing companies . But unions also have a long history of collaboration with worker co-ops , based on a broad set of shared values — commitments to democracy and solidarity .
And worker ownership represents an alternative to ineffectual collective bargaining .
If an industry makes money producing something of lasting value , workers want to bargain for a larger share of the pie . If an industry moves jobs overseas or pursues short-run financial profit , there may be no local pie to bargain over .
The United Steelworkers ' leadership has long been critical of business as usual in the United States . The union helped found a Blue-Green Alliance in collaboration with the Sierra Club and other environmental groups , and strongly supports greater public spending on energy conservation and sustainable energy technology .
The proposed Mondragon collaboration grew out of a United Steelworkers partnership with a Spanish wind turbine firm , Gamesa , to refit steel plants in Pennsylvania for wind-turbine manufacture . Mondragon could provide the organizational expertise and help raise the venture capital necessary to expand such initiatives .
Expansion of worker-owned enterprises could potentially increase the demand for skilled manufacturing workers in so-called “ green jobs . ”
Why not just sit back and wait for conventional investors ?
Firms that aim only to maximize shareholder profit may be slow to move into risky investments that promise a high social as well as private rate of return . Such firms do n't stand to gain financially by improving the environment or creating local jobs .
Can worker cooperatives successfully expand in this day and age ? This question is harder to answer . Commitments to democracy and solidarity can be frayed by the sharp edge of economic reality . But co-ops may be better than conventional firms at riding out hard times , and Mondragon has proved remarkably resilient .
The announcement of the steelworkers ' initiative sent me scurrying into economics textbooks and journal articles to ferret out research on these issues . I 'll report on that venture next week , perhaps from the nearby Leverett-Shutesbury Village Co-op coffee shop .
My high school coach announces that practice today will be optional . I consider not going . I 'm not really in the mood . We heard this morning that a classmate had committed suicide . At a high school with only 300 students , nobody finished class that day unaffected by the tragedy . I decide to go to practice after all—seems like a better option than going home alone .
My coach scraps the practice plan for the day . We play shtick instead . And for one glorious and rare moment on a March day in Seattle , the sun shines down on us . For the first time that day it feels okay to smile .
* * *
I wake up at 2am to the sound of tear gas canisters booming in the valley below my apartment . Halfway across the world from home , I look out onto the deserted street as a lone military vehicle roles by . The tear gas is yet another reminder of the rising tide of violence between Palestinians and Israelis throughout Jerusalem . I anxiously pace the length of my room . I pick up the disc sitting on my shelf and instinctually shift between backhand and forehand grips . This circular , 175-gram piece of plastic feels familiar . It feels like home . My heart starts beating a little slower .
* * *
I 'm doing my best not to cry because there 's nothing worse than crying over boys . But heartbreak is hard and this one hurts a little extra . My teammate squeezes my hand and asks if I want to throw . I step on the field to the sound of our warm-up music . How Far I 'll Go from the Moanna soundtrack—of course . I smile at my teammate . Some things are simply greater than boys .
* * *
I 'm sitting on the field in excruciating pain . I look down at my rapidly swelling knee . And I know that this is it . Running around a frisbee field , a round piece of plastic , my teammates . Not even they can fix this for me .
* * *
How do you cope when your coping mechanism is no longer a reality ?
The truth is I do n't know the answer to that question . It has been 136 days since I tore my ACL . It has been 61 days since I had surgery . And I still do n't know the answer .
I want to say I have approached PT with the same vigor I always applied to frisbee practice , weightlifting and track workouts . I want to say that I have continued to watch games and gone to tournaments . I also want to say I 've picked up a disc and tossed it around with friends .
But if I 'm being honest , PT makes me sad . I usually only make it through watching the first half of a game without crying . And I have n't touched a disc in months .
If I 'm lucky , it will be another 153 days before I play ultimate again . If I 'm being realistic , it will probably be more like 196 days . And I imagine at the end of those 196 days , I still wo n't have an answer to my question .
So I can not tell you how to cope . But perhaps I can tell you something else .
Perhaps I can tell you about the strength of my teammates who came back to play after suffering far greater injuries . Perhaps I can tell you that I now recognize and understand their strength , their courage , and their love of the game .
Perhaps I can tell you about the sacrifices my teammates made to be there for me . To drive me to my appointments . To sit with me when I felt sad . To feed me when I could n't walk . To give me advice on how to manage crutches . To show up off the field .
Or perhaps I can tell you about the love of my teammates . Teammates who call me on the phone to check in on my recovery long after surgery . Teammates who remind me they care . Teammates I have n't seen in years . Teammates that live on the other end of the country or on the other side of the world .
So perhaps I have lost my coping mechanism , but in the process , I have gained something else . I have come to understand the worth of my teammates whose value can not be measured by the number of assists they throw or the number of Ds they get . Whose worth has not been , and never will be , defined by their abilities as an athlete . And in the process of learning the worth my teammates , I have learned the worth of myself .
* * *
I 'm on the sideline at Nationals with my crutches doing my best to hold it together and captain my team . We 're losing to Texas in pre-quarters . A player standing next to me from Texas asks what happened to my leg and I tell her it 's my ACL . She says “ join the club ” and points to a finger-length scar running down her knee . She tells me “ it will make you a better person . ”
She could not have been more right about that .
Rep. Paul Stam , R-Wake , speaks on the House floor as North Carolina lawmakers gather for a special session Wednesday , in Raleigh , N.C. Gerry Broome/AP
This story was last updated at 9:46 a.m .
By GARY D. ROBERTSON , Associated Press and EMERY P. DALESIO , Associated Press
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) — Sparked by backlash to Charlotte 's ordinance allowing transgender people to use restrooms aligned with their gender identity , the North Carolina legislature reined in local governments with a broad bill the prevents cities and counties from passing their own anti-discrimination rules . Republican Gov . Pat McCrory signed the legislation Wednesday night , dealing a blow to the LGBT movement after success with protection in cities across the country .
The Republican-controlled General Assembly took action Wednesday to invalidate Charlotte 's ordinance after city leaders last month approved the broad anti-discrimination measure . Critics focused on language in the ordinance involving transgender people and restrooms .
McCrory , who was the mayor of Charlotte for 14 years and had criticized the local measure , signed the legislation that he said was `` passed by a bipartisan majority to stop this breach of basic privacy and etiquette . ''
Although 12 House Democrats joined all Republicans present in voting for the bill in the afternoon , later all Senate Democrats in attendance walked off their chamber floor during the debate in protest . Remaining Senate Republicans gave the legislation unanimous approval .
`` We choose not to participate in this farce , '' Senate Minority Leader Dan Blue of Raleigh said after he left the chamber .
Senate leader Phil Berger of Eden said the Democrats ' decision to leave was a `` serious breach of their obligation to the citizens that voted to elect them . ''
Republicans and their allies have said intervening is necessary to protect the safety of women and children from `` radical '' action by Charlotte . There have been arguments that any man — perhaps a sex offender — could enter a woman 's restroom or locker room simply by calling himself transgender .
`` It 's common sense — biological men should not me be in women 's showers , locker rooms and bathrooms , '' said GOP Rep. Dean Arp of Monroe before the chamber voted 82-26 for the legislation after nearly three hours of debate .
Gay rights leaders and transgender people said the legislation demonizes the community and espouses bogus claims about increasing the risk of sexual assaults . They say the law will deny lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people essential protections needed to ensure they can get a hotel room , hail a taxi or dine at a restaurant without fear .
`` McCrory 's reckless decision to sign this appalling legislation into law is a direct attack on the rights , well-being and dignity of hundreds of thousands of LGBT North Carolinians and visitors to the state , '' Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin said in a statement . Civil liberties groups pledged to push for repeal and were weighing legal options . A Thursday evening rally was planned .
GOP leaders scheduled the one-day session at the cost of $ 42,000 because Charlotte 's ordinance was set to take effect April 1 . Otherwise , the legislature would n't have returned until late April .
Current Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts , who pressed to get the anti-discrimination ordinance approved , said she was appalled by the legislature 's actions .
`` The General Assembly is on the wrong side of progress . It is on the wrong side of history , '' Roberts said in a statement . But McCrory said in a release `` the basic expectation of privacy in the most personal of settings '' was violated by `` government overreach and intrusion '' by Roberts and the city council .
The law bars local governments statewide from prohibiting discrimination in public places based on sexual orientation and gender identity . A new statewide nondiscrimination law included does n't contain those specific protections . It directs all public schools , government agencies and public college campuses to require bathrooms or locker rooms be designated for use only by people based on their biological sex . They can offer single-occupancy facilities .
Transgender people who have transitioned to the opposite sex would n't be affected if they get their birth certificate changed .
Democrats said the measure makes North Carolina less inclusive and interferes with local governments . They say the state could also risk billions in federal education dollars with the school policy .
Ordinance supporters and opponents spoke to legislators in House and Senate committees . They included Skye Thompson , 15 , of Greenville , who was born female but now identifies as male . He told senators they were putting him in danger by requiring use of a women 's restroom .
`` I 've dealt with bullying my whole life and now I worry that my own state lawmakers are bullying me as well . I feel bullied by you guys , '' Thompson said .
Donna Eaton of Cary said everybody deserves to be treated with dignity and respect but is worried that without Wednesday 's legislation `` it 's going to open the door for people with malicious intent who would masquerade as transgenders to come in and actually take advantage and have access to our kids . ''
Legislation requiring transgender students to use bathrooms corresponding with their birth gender have failed recently . South Dakota 's legislature failed to override Gov . Dennis Daugaard 's veto and a similar bill in Tennessee bill died Tuesday .
The new law also would also make clear local governments ca n't require area businesses to pay workers above the current minimum wage , with some exceptions . McCrory said that although items beyond the bathroom-related provisions in the legislation should have waited until later this spring for debate , he signed it anyway because it does n't change existing rights under state or federal law .
Image copyright Alamy
Ethiopia 's historic city of Harar is one of Islam 's holiest centres - but in recent times it has built up another tradition and is now also known for its brewery .
As holy cities go , Harar is a colourful one . Inside the walls of the old town I find buildings in greens , purples and yellows - its women seem to take this as a challenge , dressing in veils and robes of shocking pink and the brightest orange .
Harar lies far in the east of Ethiopia , with a road that rises out of the town in the direction of Somaliland .
The mighty Muslim leader Ahmed The Left-Handed led some fierce campaigns from here in the 16th Century .
On its narrow streets I meet goats , old men collapsed from chewing the narcotic khat and a young boy who stops to knock a football back and forth with me for a few minutes .
Off the main square , tailors sit in front of fabric shops ready to run up alterations .
Binyam , slotted behind his sewing machine , does a small tailoring job for me , recounting his Greek ancestry and the provenance of his sewing machine - a gift , he says proudly , which would cost you thousands in the local currency .
He warns me off sellers of bad bananas and nearby thieves .
Image copyright Alamy
I 've come to find the city 's brewery , which is what it 's known for - beyond its holy credentials . For three decades now it 's turned out Harar beer , its bottles carrying a label that depicts the old city 's famous gates .
Find out more Listen to From Our Own Correspondent for insight and analysis from BBC journalists , correspondents and writers from around the world Broadcast on Radio 4 on Thursdays and Saturdays at 11:30 BST and BBC World Service Listen to the programme Download the programme
Outside these gates a tuk tuk taxi driver knows where to find the birra fabrica - the beer factory - and we set off , away from the old city , putt-putting slowly up a hill .
The brewery entrance is flanked on one side by a sign prohibiting firearms and , on the other , by an enormous beer bottle - perhaps meant to remind you why you ca n't bring in your gun : here be alcohol .
The giant bottle is four times the height of a man . I know this because there 's a man in front of it , a security guard who 's delighted to have a visitor .
He 's not quite standing to attention , but the huge beer bottle does loom behind him a little like the guardhouse of one of the Queen 's Guards in London .
Inside the grounds , green beer crates frame the horizon , with a green mosque in the distance .
Underfoot there are disused rail tracks . The net on a tennis court looks like it 's in working order though and in a rusty-looking playground a man is watching his young boy on a swing . The sleepy air around the grounds is deceptive .
This brewery was sold off to the Heineken group by the government three years ago . The company says it plans to invest in the plant .
It wants to improve the manufacturing processes , bring in its know-how and start sourcing more material locally , either inside Ethiopia or in the region .
It 's taken over another brewery at Bedele farther west , and is building a third close to the capital .
Many foreign companies point to cheap labour and helpful export tariffs as reasons for investing and the country 's just been given a grade by the credit rating agencies for the first time .
Industrial parks have popped into view whenever I 've travelled out on the arteries away from the capital , Addis Ababa .
Unilever , General Electric , GlaxoSmithKline , H & M , Tesco , Walmart , Samsung - they 're all either in Ethiopia or thinking about it .
The Chinese are here too , turning out thousands of shoes daily for example , just south of the capital , for major international brands .
For Heineken , one of the motivations is a national market , beyond the grounds of the brewery , which can get a lot bigger - beer consumption in Ethiopia , it says , is only a third of what it is in neighbouring Kenya .
In the interests of research I stop in the brewery 's clubhouse and order a beer . The women in the kitchen are amused at my intrusion . It 's a public holiday and quiet , although people are moving tables and chairs and I suspect things might get going later on .
There 's a healthy-looking trophy cabinet beside my table , filled perhaps with trophies won by the brewery 's football team .
It competes in Ethiopia 's premier league although it 's sitting near the bottom of the table when I visit , with relegation threatening .
Back at the walls of the holy city , people in the market are oblivious to the brewery and to big business . For them the only drug worth trading is khat .
Outside my window two formidable-looking women have spread out their bags of khat leaves . A beggar , badly crippled , hauls himself over to them .
Moments ago they were screaming venom at a young man - a drug deal of sorts had gone bad it seems .
Now however they slip some leaves discreetly to the beggar , their way of giving alms , on the edge of the sacred town .
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent :
BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays at 11:30 and some Thursdays at 11:00
Listen online or download the podcast .
BBC World Service : Short editions Monday-Friday - see World Service programme schedule .
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine 's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox .
Cobb School Board member David Banks is under fire for forwarding a racially charged email about immigrants in California that was debunked by the Los Angeles Times ten years ago .
The forwarded email claims to cite the Times for a series of false statistics , including that 95 percent of warrants for murder in Los Angeles are for “ illegal aliens ” and over two-thirds of all births in Los Angeles County are “ to illegal alien Mexicans ... whose births were paid for by taxpayers . ”
A copy of Banks ' email with the subject line “ Land of Fruits and Nuts , ” sent Nov. 23 , was provided to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution by the Pro-Immigrant Alliance of Cobb County . When reached by phone , Banks declined to speak to a reporter .
The LA Times went out of its way to debunk what it called an “ Internet immigration hoax ” and fact-check the claims . However , a decade later , they continue to be circulated .
“ No article has appeared in The Times with this list , ” the paper wrote in 2007 . “ And some of these 'facts ' appear to have been misleadingly edited from articles that appeared in the L.A. Times as long as 20 years ago and are now being cited inappropriately . ”
The Pro-Immigrant Alliance and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference say they reached out to Banks and offered to meet with him , but received no response .
“ Mr . Banks is elected to serve the best interest of all students , ” the Alliance said in a statement . “ Statements as these are not tolerated in the classroom and therefore have no place on the Cobb County School Board . ”
The group is asking for Banks ' immediate resignation and public apology .
Cobb County School Board Chairman David Chastain wrote in an email that because Banks was distributing a forwarded email message to a personal distribution list using his personal email account , “ this matter is not within ( the board 's ) legal purview . ”
Twenty-one percent of the Cobb School District 's students are Hispanic . Chastain urged Hispanic and other families in Cobb not to assume Banks represents the district or the board .
“ We 're very proud that Cobb County has the diversity that it does , ” Chastain said , appealing for “ civility . ”
Several people also spoke out against Banks ' email at a school board meeting Thursday .
This is n't the first time Banks has roused the ire of pro-immigrant activists . In 2015 , he forwarded an email calling for the curtailment of Mexican immigrants ' rights , including the right to free speech , protest , property ownership and organizing .
“ It 's time for the Mexican government , and its citizens , to stop feeding parasitically off the United States , ” reads the email , which was also provided by the Pro-Immigrant Alliance of Cobb County . “ If you do come to this country illegally , you will be actively hunted and , when caught , sent to jail until your deportation can be arranged . ”
That email appears to be a re-hashing of a 2008 article published in the Tucson Citizen , which ceased publication in 2009 .
Parliament ended the year with a mixture of bang and whimper .
The whimper was the legislative “ fight ” . It says a fair bit about the way the government is travelling that the big political issue was the backpacker tax ( important as it is for farmers , it is not one that should have caused such grief ) and the passing of the Building and Construction Commission legislation . This has been so laughably altered from its original intent that the main issue for unions is ensuring the ABCC does adhere to the legislation – such as the requirement that the commissioner performs his or her functions “ in an apolitical manner ” .
The bang was a protest that disrupted question time .
There was , of course , a lot of hand-wringing over the protest – there always is when the left protests in Australia . After all , we had much the same response about disruption of democracy from the powers that be a couple years ago when students protested against Christopher Pyne during an episode of Q & A .
Senate passes building watchdog bill after changes to boost Australian jobs Read more
The protesters certainly did disrupt the proceedings of parliament , but they did no one any harm and were no danger to anyone . Their putting a stop to the proceedings of question time actually produced a net benefit to the nation 's IQ , even if only for three-quarters of an hour .
That 's not to say question time is unimportant or always brain dulling in its idiocy . There are times , mostly by accident , when something worthwhile does occur , but for the most part it is just a poorly scripted play performed by mediocre actors .
Consider the question posed by the Liberal MP Melissa Price to the prime minister , which was interrupted by the protest :
“ Will the prime minister update the house on the government 's achievements , including how our economic reforms are driving jobs and growth ? How will the Australian Building and Construction Commission help to improve productivity and reduce construction costs ? ”
Not a question that the nation waited with bated breath to hear answered .
But if you missed the answer , you need n't have worried because the following day the member for North Sydney , Trent Zimmerman asked the PM this version :
“ Will the prime minister update the house on the government 's achievements ? How are those achievements , including reinstating the Australian Building and Construction Commission delivering stronger economic growth and benefitting hard-working Australians ? ”
Turnbull rejects conservative 'armchair critics ' of ABCC bill Read more
It should be noted that on Wednesday it took Malcolm Turnbull two sentences to deliver his answer about attacking the ALP , while on Thursday it took him three .
Notionally his answer was about the passing of the legislation to reinstate the ABCC , but perhaps because the legislation was so neutered he felt on surer ground to talk about the ALP 's faults rather than his government 's achievements .
The ABCC legislation , however , nicely encapsulated the government 's policy process – rushed , sloppy and actually failing to deliver what was intended .
The government was so desperate to get the legislation passed that it agreed to all manner of amendments – including those that were highly protectionist , made the commissioner 's position virtually untenable , and those that did n't make a lot of sense .
Take for example the amendment that was moved by the ALP senator Doug Cameron . It was notionally designed to ensure that projects covered by the act 's “ building code ” ( which projects must adhere to in order to qualify for government contracts ) do not hire foreign labour unless there is proper testing of the domestic market .
The amendments are a significant increase on current labour market testing for such projects . As the Guardian 's Paul Karp has reported , the amendment means that the required advertising must be done “ in such a way that a significant proportion of suitably qualified and experienced Australian citizens and Australian permanent residents would be likely to be informed about the position ” and applies to all jobs regardless of how small they are .
But that is n't the biggest issue .
The way the amendment is actually worded makes it essentially impossible to hire anyone and also adhere to the code .
Construction red tape may apply regardless of hiring Australians , experts warn Read more
The amendment states that “ the Building Code must include provisions ensuring that no person is employed to undertake building work unless ” there is that targeted advertising , and “ the employer demonstrates that no Australian citizen or Australian permanent resident is suitable for the job ” .
So no person can be employed unless the employer demonstrates that no Australian is suitable for the job .
That literally means that if employers can demonstrate that an Australian citizen is suitable for the job , they ca n't employ them because they have failed to demonstrate that no Australian citizen is suitable for the job !
It 's a lovely catch-22 ( or catch-23 , subclause 2A ( d ) )
Clearly it is meant to be no foreign person can be employed unless the employer demonstrates that no Australian citizen is suitable ( note – suitable , not “ available ” ) for the job .
Walkley Awards : wins for Guardian Australia 's Ben Doherty and Greg Jericho Read more
But that is not what has ended up in the act .
Haste makes waste .
This government wanted to end the year with a win and was willing to do anything to achieve it – including not bothering to closely check the legislation that it was attempting to enact .
`` If you want people to start taking your music seriously , you will need to put good quality material out there . To record good quality material , you will need to spend money on studio time . While you can always go to a friends house because he has his own DIY ‘ studio ' , this is n't recommended . Most likely the recording quality wo n't be of the level needed , and will give a bad impression of you when you show people your recordings…But back to the point I 'm trying to make . Do n't cut corners when it comes to making your music . There are ways to save money with some of the necessary expenses , but even then you will have to shell out some change . ''
`` Even with the prevalence of home-based recording these days , sometimes there 's no substitute for the experience of recording in a professional studio , with an experienced engineer . A talented sound engineer can hear things in a track you can barely distinguish , and watching them work will only help to make you a better listener ... When you 've figured out your budget and narrowed down some studios in your area . It 's time to take a tour . Never book a studio without first going for a tour of it ... ''
Do you have a bag full of could-be hit songs ? It wo n't matter if nobody can find information about you or your music easily ( especially online ) . We live in a digital age . Social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter have become a must-use outlet for promoting your music . If you 're an overachiever consider setting up a profile for each major networking site , and automating your posts with software such as HootSuite to maximize your impact . Beyond social media sites it is also imperative that you set up a .com website . This website will serve as your `` home base '' allowing you to more easily sell your music using a completely customizable page . No matter what social networks may rise or fall in popularity your website will remain.Have you taken the time to copyright your songs ? Before you can license your music for use in film or TV you will have to prove that you 're the copyright owner . The cost is only $ 35 , and you can register as many works ( songs ) as you want at one time . You can check out our Phosphene Productions Copyright guide here : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=V-SOOFHpZic If you plan on making money with your music you 'll need somewhere to keep it ( not under your mattress ! ) After opening a dedicated bank account for your band you should keep your earnings separate from your domestic finances . With a dedicated bank account you will also qualify to begin the process of registering your band as a business.Is your band set up as a business ? Setting up as an LLC is usually a good choice . A lawyer or accountant can help you with this , although it 's not overly difficult to do yourself . Need new strings ? Tax deductible . In-ear monitors ? Tax deductible . If you 're not doing this you 're leaving legitimate and legal money on the table.The music business can be an expensive business to break into . If you 're serious about climbing the next rung up the ladder you 're going to have to save every cent you 're able to and make some serious sacrifices for your art . As with any business you will make an investment in your project in both time and money . If you 're serious about taking your music past the bedroom and start making money you will have to invest in it , it 's as simple as that . Want to make money off of your music without investing in it ? Sorry to say , it simply does n't work like that . Eventually you will probably incur costs such as recording studio time , professional CD pressing , a .com website , promotion materials , instrument purchase and repair - the list goes on . Although finding the money to invest is easier for some than others , it will need to happen eventually . If you were going to open a grocery store , it would never occur to a sane businessman to try to grow all of your own produce or raise your own livestock to save money . The time investment required to do so would leave you with no time to run the store ! You would get food from suppliers , freeing you up to focus on selling your products . A music career is no different from any other business and artists need to realize that if they want to be taken seriously.Now I realize that with myself being an audio engineer , I may be a bit biased when it comes to investing in your band 's recordings . So rather than give you my opinion , here 's what some other expert individuals from across the web have to say on the subject.Shaun Letang from www.independentmusicadvice.com says the following on the subject : Taken from the article Why you need to invest in your music career Mike Venti from www.waywardmusician.com says the following :
Doug Keenan has written a critique of the IPCC 's handling of statistics in AR5 . Suffice it to say he is not impressed .
Temperatures on Earth ' s surface — i.e . where people live — are widely believed to provide evidence for global warming . Demonstrating that those temperatures actually provide evidence , though , requires doing statistical analysis . All such statistical analyses of the temperatures that have been en done so far are fatally flawed . Astoundingly , those flaws are effectively acknowledged in the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report ( AR5 ) . The flaws imply that there is no demonstrated observational evidence that global temperatures have significantly increased ( i.e . increased more than would be expected from natural climatic variation alone ) . Despite this , one of the main conclusions of AR5 is that global temperatures have in creased very significantly . That conclusion is based on analysis that AR5 itself acknowledges is fatally flawed . The correct conclusion is that there is no demonstrated observational evidence for global warming .
You can read it here .
A fresh survey has revealed that one-quarter of Manitobans are without savings or plans for their financial future .
The survey , commissioned by the Canadian Securities Administrators and the Manitoba Securities Commission , shows that 28 % of Manitoba 's citizen 's 18 years of age and older have no savings and no financial investments in their future .
Carried about by Innovative Research Group , the online survey polled 7,271 Canadian adults between August and October of this year . Additionally , the MSC surveyed an additional 529 Manitobans to provide more accurate results locally .
Manitoba compares to the national figure of 31 % .
“ What really concerns me are the numbers indicating Manitobans in their 30s , 40s , and 50s without a financial plan or adequate savings for retirement , ” Don Murray , MSC chair and CAO , and CSA co-chair said in a release on Monday .
Of the remaining 72 % of Manitobans who have savings , 53 % of those are socked away in RRSP , RRIF or pension plans , 41 % have a TFSA and 29 % have savings outside of those examples .
The survey also suggested that nearly half of Manitobans who invest have less than $ 50,000 saved .
Fraud , according to the release , affects one-in-five Manitobans and just 7 % of Manitobans surveyed said had a reasonable expectation for return on investment .
“ If a person thinks a 20 or 30 % return on investment in 30 days sounds reasonable , they 're going to be much more susceptible to being scammed , ” said Ainsley Cunningham , manager of education and communications at MSC .
The report said that 27 % of Manitoban investors take the time to check their advisor 's credentials .
A Democrat has admitted to raping a 4 year-old child , and naturally , the American mainstream media is completely silent !
And he admitted to it in court :
former mayor of Hubbard , Ohio ( D ) Richard Keenan has admitted in court to raping a young child — pamela ( @ pamela12632553 ) April 10 , 2017
Trending : CNN Told By South Korean Official : “ Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump ” ( VIDEO )
WYTV News reports :
Former Hubbard Mayor Richard Keenan , who now admits to raping a young child , is facing life behind bars .
He was visibly shaken Friday as he changed his plea to guilty on 20 counts of sex crimes , including eight counts of rape . Keenan agreed to a life sentence with the eligibility of parole after ten years .
According to court documents , the abuse began as early as September 2013 when the victim — who Keenan knew — was just 4 years old .
“ It gives the victim some closure . Obviously , keeps this young child from having to testify and I think it 's a good result given all the facts and circumstances , ” said Assistant Prosecutor Gabe Wildman .
And it gets even more disgusting :
@ xsevenx @ yournewswire former mayor of Hubbard , Ohio-Richard Keenan ? 4 yr old a willing participant ? WTF ? Jail him for life-unexcusable ! — Cee ( @ CeeAcosta ) March 26 , 2017
Here 's a video report :
This is sickening and every network should be covering this .
But he 's a Democrat .
So we get media silence once again . Sad !
A-LEAGUE chiefs will introduce a new raft of security measures when Western Sydney meet Melbourne Victory next Tuesday , after both clubs yesterday agreed not to contest the suspended three-point sanctions imposed for their fans ' behaviour last month .
Following further negotiations on Wednesday , a joint statement was issued on behalf of Football Federation Australia and the two clubs in which they accepted the penalty for violent incidents before and after their game on December 28 at AAMI Park .
With the clubs and governing body closing ranks after a weekend of damaging headlines , the three points will be deducted if what FFA termed `` incidents of a significant magnitude '' happen before the end of the season .
Though officials declined to spell out what that definition was , in light of security concerns , it 's understood that isolated incidents involving individual fans wo n't be classified as such .
Police intelligence is also likely to play a part , in light of concerns that rogue supporters could don the kit of other clubs in order to cause trouble in their name .
News_Rich_Media : Western Sydney coach Tony Popovic has distanced his club from the fans that were involved in a brawl in December at AAMI Park against Melbourne Victory .
But the game on Tuesday night - brought forward from round 19 because of the Asian Champions League - will be strongly in the spotlight , with FFA confirming new security arrangements will be in place .
Western Sydney do not expect large numbers to travel to a midweek fixture , far less than the 1500 who travelled to see the two sides draw 1-1 nearly two weeks ago .
It 's understood that since the charge of misconduct was brought against the clubs last week by FFA , both have had detailed briefings into the events of the day and their seriousness from Victorian Police .
The clubs had also sought details from FFA of what level of misbehaviour would trigger the suspended penalty , as the proposed sanction was a first for the league .
`` We respect both clubs for their stance on the difficult issue of identifying the small number of troublemakers who tarnish the overwhelming majority of true football fans , '' said FFA CEO David Gallop .
`` FFA and the clubs ' response is designed to galvanise the football community against the scourge of anti-social behaviour .
`` The great majority of fans who create such a wonderful atmosphere at the A-League should get to the matches and enjoy themselves this weekend . Those who cause trouble are on notice that enough is enough . ''
The trouble was sparked initially at a Melbourne pub , where Western Sydney fans were attacked by a group of Victory followers , but was followed by the lighting of firecrackers and flares at AAMI Park , plus damage to the stadium .
`` As a club we have always maintained a policy of zero tolerance in relation to anti-social behaviour , '' said Wanderers chairman Lyall Gorman in the statement .
`` Agreeing not to contest the sanction demonstrates the club 's commitment to a unified and whole of game approach to ensure a safe environment at all times for our members and all genuine supporters of our club and the game . ''
Melbourne Victory CEO Ian Robson said his club had `` opted not to contest the sanction on the basis that we are fully supportive of FFA 's stance to adopt a zero tolerance approach to anti-social behaviour . ''
Story Highlights First time a majority has held this view since 2008
Most still prefer private insurance system to government-run system
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- U.S. adults are slightly more likely to say it is the responsibility of the federal government to ensure all Americans have health insurance coverage ( 51 % ) than to say it is not the government 's responsibility ( 47 % ) . The percentage who believe the government has that obligation is up six percentage points from 2014 . This year marks the first time since 2008 that a majority of Americans say the government is responsible for making sure all citizens have health insurance .
From 2000 to 2008 , between 54 % and 69 % of Americans said ensuring healthcare coverage for all citizens was the responsibility of the federal government . But the issue grew more divisive in 2009 , as President Barack Obama worked to enact the Affordable Care Act , which Congress passed in 2010 . Between 2009 and 2011 , Americans were split nearly evenly on the matter . Then from 2012 to 2014 , public opinion shifted , with slight majorities saying healthcare coverage was not the government 's responsibility .
The latest poll was conducted Nov. 4-8 as part of Gallup 's annual Health and Healthcare survey .
The percentage who feel the government should have this responsibility has increased across most key demographic groups since 2014 , including lower-income Americans ( +13 points ) , 50- to 64-year-olds ( +12 points ) , Democrats and independents who lean Democratic ( +9 points ) and whites ( +8 points ) . Across three of the country 's four regions , this view has increased by seven points or more ; the South is the only region where there has been no such change .
Americans who approve of the Affordable Care Act are more than three times as likely as those who disapprove of the law to say healthcare coverage should be the government 's responsibility , 80 % vs. 26 % , respectively .
Less than half of whites , Americans aged 50 and older , Republicans and independents who lean Republican , Southerners and higher-income Americans say healthcare coverage is the federal government 's responsibility .
Americans Still Favor Private Insurance System
Although U.S. adults lean toward the view that the government should ensure all Americans have healthcare coverage , they do not endorse a government-run system , which exists in most other Western nations . When given a choice , 55 % say they prefer a system mostly based on private insurance , as the U.S. has now , while 41 % would prefer a government-run system . The percentage favoring a private system is down from 61 % last year .
Despite receiving Medicare , which is mostly paid for by the government , senior citizens are the least likely to favor a government-run system ( 31 % ) . The only age group in which a majority of favor a government-run healthcare system are those younger than 30 ( 53 % ) . Support for a government-run system drops with each subsequent age group .
Bottom Line
Though Americans ' views on the government 's role in healthcare coverage have fluctuated in recent years , they remain just as contentious now as they were prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act .
The latest result is the most favorable toward the view that the government should be responsible for healthcare coverage since the government took arguably the most significant step in that direction through passing the healthcare law . Still , Americans remain divided on the matter , and continue to favor a system based mostly on private health insurance to a totally government-run system .
Americans ' views on the government 's responsibility for ensuring healthcare coverage have changed during the Obama administration , with Americans less in favor of the government having that role than before . These data are important to monitor as Obama leaves office , especially because the fate of the healthcare law may depend on the outcome of the 2016 presidential election . Its existence is all but assured if a Democrat wins , but is far less certain if a Republican is elected .
Historical data are available in Gallup Analytics .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted Nov. 4-8 , 2015 , on the Gallup U.S. Daily survey , with a random sample of 1,021 adults , aged 18 and older , living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia . For results based on the total sample of national adults , the margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level . All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting .
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60 % cellphone respondents and 40 % landline respondents , with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region . Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods .
Learn more about how the Gallup Poll Social Series works .
Brett Elder
Two days before Brett Elder 's sixteenth birthday , Bay City Police tased the 15 year old to death .
This is how on March 22 , 2009 police reacted to a dispute between Elder and another individual . On that Michigan morning , the boy was inebriated , and according to the officers involved , he alledgedly attempted to fight them , leading an officer to use his Taser . One witness , however , said Elder had already been cuffed by the officers when the cop fired-off the weapon .
`` He was flopping around and looked like a fish out of water , '' Cindy Hernden told Tom Eley of World Socialist Web Site back in 2009 . `` That 's the only way to explain it — his whole body was bent over , '' Elder 's aunt went on to say .
The boy later died at a local hospital .
more
Spina bifida . Asperger 's syndrome . Tourette 's . Bipolar disorder . Organic brain dysfunction . These are just a few of the diseases William McMurray Jr. suffers from , ailments he says his doctors could n't explain for the first 20 years of his life -- until they learned of water contamination aboard Camp Lejeune .
His is but one story in what many call the greatest case of contamination in U.S. history . A million Marines , sailors and their families drank , bathed , brushed their teeth , cooked , swam and washed their cars , clothes , dishes and pets in bad water at Lejeune for decades .
`` I spent so long not knowing why I am the way I am , '' McMurray , 29 , said in telephone interviews last week from his Tyler , Texas , home . `` When they finally found the conditions and why I was like this I was so ticked . ''
The horrors of the contamination were n't understood immediately . One base housing resident reported the unexplainable death of his dog . Another said goldfish always ended up floating at the top of the aquarium . More than 1,000 babies were stillborn or died in infancy aboard the base from 1947 to 1987 , according to an exhaustive survey of death certificates filed at the Onslow County Register of Deeds .
The Department of the Navy recommended 50 years ago the regulation of many of the worst chemicals that found their way into Lejeune 's water supply , according to 1963 's Manual of Naval Preventive Medicine , which was just recently made public .
But throughout the 1960s and 70s , military and civilian employees poured oil into storm drains , improperly disposed of car batteries and tossed out used tires and countless other items around the base , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , which recorded an incident involving the burial of dog carcasses used in radiological testing .
By then , the wells that supplied the base 's potable water swirled with more than 70 toxic chemicals including trichloroethylene , tetrachloroethylene , benzene and vinyl chloride , according to EPA reports .
By 1980 , military and civilian scientists were sounding alarms that Lejeune 's water was poisonous , but wells were not closed for another four years and only after state officials became involved , according to transcripts of Congressional hearings on the matter .
McMurray was born at the Naval Hospital on Oct. 24 , 1982 . His father , a hospital corpsman and Vietnam veteran , had moved his family into base housing in the year prior . By the time McMurray was born , his mother had already had one miscarriage and months spent drinking and using the polluted water in their Tarawa Terrace home .
McMurray was born in a specialized laboratory because of his multiple dysfunctions and doctors did n't expect him to live long . Even if he did survive , they told his parents , he would never walk . McMurray proved them wrong , but not without consequence . As he grew his development stalled , and he was barely able to speak . It took years before he uttered his first words , and he spent most of his childhood in and out of hospitals undergoing tests for the myriad of conditions with which he has been diagnosed , he said .
Beginning in 1984 , military officials began to point publicly to a small , off-base dry cleaner as the source of contamination without disclosing to environmental regulators that depot storage tanks at Hadnot Point aboard base had leaked around 1,500 gallons of fuel into the ground every month for years . When the contamination made headlines , the base 's commanding general assured his Marines and their families that their water was safe when chemical levels were among the highest ever seen in a public water system , according to a series of investigative reports published by newspapers in Florida , which is home to more than 12,000 veterans affected by water contamination -- the most of any state except North Carolina .
Trichloroethylene was found at 1,400 parts per billion at Naval Hospital ; 1,148 ppb at an elementary school ; and 18,900 ppb in a water well -- up to 280 times higher than what the EPA considers safe today , according to a review of hundreds of previously safe-guarded military documents made public by the Senate in July .
Lejeune was declared a Superfund site in 1989 , giving the EPA authority to clean it up . For the next two decades , veterans fought for answers and help from the government with thousands dying of cancer . Military officials made it difficult for anyone , even federally-funded researchers , to obtain any pertinent information or documentation on the contamination , according to court records and archived reports .
The federal government in 2005 cleared the Marine Corps of any criminal conduct in handling the contamination . An EPA investigator later testified before Congress that he wanted to charge several Lejeune officers with obstruction of justice but had been overruled by a Justice Department counterpart .
When McMurray finally came to terms with his conditions in 2010 , he took his case to Veteran 's Affairs , with whom he 's been fighting ever since . By 2011 , good news for veterans and dependents like McMurray began to trickle out as the EPA officially ruled Lejeune water contaminant TCE to be a human carcinogen . The issue reached its tipping point in 2012 when lawmakers from North Carolina and Florida crossed the aisle to push through bipartisan legislation . The resulting Aug. 6 law requires Veteran 's Affairs to provide medical treatment to military members and -- for the first time -- dependents who spent at least a month aboard Lejeune from 1957 to 1987 .
Total costs are estimated at $ 3.9 billion over 10 years . Civilian workers could be entitled to medical benefits under a different law , according to the U.S. Labor Department .
McMurray said his Veteran 's Affairs case is expected to reach full resolution within the next few weeks . Several lawsuits filed by other former Lejeune residents are still pending in federal court . A federal report on the number of diseases linked to the contamination is expected to be completed in 2014 .
HDMI Licensing has announced that the improved HDMI 1.4 specification has been finalized . The new specification , slated to be published by the end of June , includes a number of additions to the High Definition Multimedia Interface standard that is becoming more commonplace with the proliferation of high-def flat panel TVs , Blu-ray players , and a number of other devices . Unfortunately , the spec comes with no less than five different cable types , and defines an additional `` micro '' port and an automotive-specific connection system , which joins the standard and `` mini '' HDMI port variants .
The new 1.4 spec adds an optional Ethernet-compatible data channel to HDMI . This data channel will allow bidirectional data transmission up to 100Mbps . The data transmission capabilities will allow one Internet-connected device to share the connection , as well as enable content sharing among HDMI connected devices .
Furthermore , an audio return channel adds upstream audio transmission capabilities to the HDMI spec . This is in addition to the downstream audio capabilities of the current spec , and should in theory eliminate the need to ever use audio cables for HDMI-connected devices .
The new spec also includes a number of improvements to the video transmission specifications . A standard for 3D formats and resolutions has been added , and includes up to dual-stream 1080p . Support is also added for the 2K and 4K digital cinema resolution standards . And color space support has been expanded to include sYCC601 , Adobe RGB , and AdobeYCC601 color spaces—specifically targeting the expanded gamut of digital still photographers .
And the cherry on this spec sundae is a specific automotive connection system designed `` to be used as the basis for in-vehicle HD content distribution . '' I 've never been one to relish in-car entertainment taken to this level , but I 'm sure there are niche enthusiasts as well as legions of soccer moms with minivans full of kids that might welcome this addition . The special cabling and connectors are designed to work around the environmental factors experience in an automobile , `` such as heat , vibration and noise . '' But with the proliferation of portable devices , such as an iPhone or the recently announced Zune HD , we wonder if `` in-vehicle HD content distribution '' is really necessary .
`` The HDMI specification continues to add functionality as the consumer electronics and PC industries build products that enhance the consumer 's HD experience , '' said Steve Venuti , president of HDMI Licensing , LLC , in a statement . `` The 1.4 specification will support some of the most exciting and powerful near-term innovations such as Ethernet connectivity and 3D formats . Additionally we are going to broaden our solution by providing a smaller connector for portable devices and a connection system specified for automobiles , as we see both more and different devices adopting the HDMI technology . ''
Marketing hyperbole aside , the new specification now includes a total of 5 different cable types : standard , `` high-speed '' —which handles the higher data rates for 3D and digital cinema resolution , Ethernet-capable versions of both of the previous two , and an automotive-specific variant . Further , as Venuti said , in addition to the standard HDMI port and the already small mini-HDMI port , the spec adds a 19-pin micro-HDMI variant that is compatible with up to 1080p resolutions for portable devices . That means that the one cable to rule all AV equipment will now have 45 potential variations for customers to choose from—let alone the numerous ( and often dubious ) `` quality '' levels offered at hard-to-swallow prices .
The video and audio improvements are certainly welcome , though the Ethernet capabilities and special automotive connectors seem to add complexity to a system that was originally designed to greatly reduce the complexity of connecting AV equipment in the first place . The new micro-HDMI connector also seems redundant , though perhaps it will replace the mini-HDMI as the de facto standard for small , portable HD-capable devices . You can expect that devices and cables conforming to the new spec should start trickling out later this year .
SPARTA -- More than three months after an off-duty state trooper shot at a vehicle occupied by three teens , the trooper remains on active duty as the investigation into the shooting continues , authorities said .
Kissinger Barreau , of Sparta , came out of his house early July 26 after teens banged on his door , proceeded to follow them as they fled into their car and then shot at the vehicle after stepping out into the street in an unsuccessful attempt to stop them from driving away , the Attorney General 's Office has said . No one was hurt in the shooting , though one shot struck a tire , eventually disabling the car .
Peter Aseltine , a spokesman for the Attorney General 's Office , told NJ Advance Media Wednesday the investigation was still ongoing and that the case has n't been presented to a grand jury at this time . Barreau remains on active duty , a spokesman for the State Police confirmed .
http : //www.nj.com/sussex-county/index.ssf/2015/07/trooper_who_shot_at_fleeing_teens_could_be_in_big.html
Barreau told investigators he had believed the teens were invaders and that he identified himself as a trooper before pursuing them . According to the AG 's office , the teens mistook Barreau 's home for that of a friend .
Jesse Barkhorn , an 18-year-old who was a passenger in the car , previously told NJ Advance Media the trooper never identified himself . He also said the driver of the vehicle had to turn around and maneuver around other vehicles in order to get out of the Whispering Wood Lane cul-de-sac .
Based on questions asked by police when he was detained for several hours after , Barkhorn has said he got the impression authorities wanted to know if the teens swerved the car toward Barreau .
`` That 's the exact opposite of what we were trying to do . We were just scared and trying to get out of there with our lives , '' Barkhorn previously said .
http : //www.nj.com/sussex-county/index.ssf/2015/08/castle_stand-your-ground_sparta_trooper_teens.html
In audio recordings of police scanner communications that night , an officer says Barreau told officers `` they almost ran him over . ''
The AG 's office has only said Barreau was in the street trying to stop the car -- not that it nearly hit him or even that he made a claim it did .
Two ex-county prosecutors -- former Union prosecutor Theodore Romankow and former Morris County Prosecutor Robert Bianchi -- previously told NJ Advance Media Barreau 's actions might have been justified if he thought the car was trying to hit him . Short of the threat of deadly force , neither ex-prosecutor could see a justification for the trooper 's actions based on their review of media reports on the incident .
Reporting by Lou Hochman was used in this article .
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ JustinZarembaNJ . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
One of the most depressing discussions I have ever had as editor of RenewEconomy was with a policy advisor for a state Coalition government . He started off by giving me a lecture about how his minister only acted on “ evidence based information ” , and then proceeded to quote some of the more outrageous nonsense published in the Murdoch media and some extremely marginal web-sites .
Perhaps , then , this person and all the other advisors who direct ( or distort ) energy policy at state and federal level with the conservative administrations should sit down and absorb the latest report by the International Energy Agency on the integration of wind and solar energy . It might reduce the ignorance and misinformation that is having a profound impact on renewable policy in Australia .
The IEA is a useful reference point . It is a highly conservative organization that was created after the 1970s gas crisis to ensure the continuation of energy supply . Energy security is its fundamental raison d'etre . And although some people , as we reported yesterday , criticise it for being way too conservative on solar PV costs , for instance , its research into renewables and systems integration debunks a lot of myths seemingly invented by Abbott 's acolytes and perpetuated by the politicians themselves .
The first myth , of course , is around the cost of renewables . As any number of studies have shown , Australia 's renewable energy target has added just 3 per cent to electricity bills , and has probably helped reduce them by that amount by helping push wholesale electricity prices down to record lows . And as the IEA notes , the levellised cost of electricity of wind power and solar PV is “ close to even below the LCOE of fossil or nuclear options .
But that is not what the latest IEA report is about . It 's about the integration of solar and wind – what it calls variable renewable energy , or VRE – into new and existing grids . And it serves to completely debunk some of the other nonsense about renewables needing “ back-up ” fossil fuels , and adding huge costs to infrastructure .
The IEA could not be any clearer : “ No additional dispatchable capacity ever needs to be built because VRE is in the system . On the contrary , to the extent of the capacity credit of VRE , its addition to the system reduces the need for other capacity . ”
As the IEA also notes , since the early days of electrification in the late 19th century , variability and uncertainty have been steady companions of power systems . Indeed , the largest source of uncertainty comes from the failure of plants or other system components , which can cause abrupt and unexpected variations in supply . As Australia 's Energy Market Operator found out in the latest heatwaves , when large coal and gas fired generators suddenly stopped generating .
And , the IEA further notes , there are very few grid-related costs to absorb even high shares of wind and solar .
It points to a European Wind Integration Study , that found wind penetration levels of 10 per cent would require less than $ 1/MWh to grid costs , and penetration levels of 13 per cent would require around $ 5.40/MWh . A study in Ireland , an isolated grid , suggested that the grid costs of wind power penetrations ranging from 16 per cent to 59 per cent ranged from just $ 2.20/MWh to $ 9.70/MWh .
The PV Parity Project recently assessed grid costs associated with integrating 480 gigawatts ( yes , gigawatts , or 480,000MW ) of solar PV by 2030 into the European grid , found modest transmission grid costs of up to $ 4.00/MWh by 2030 . Reinforcing distribution networks to accommodate solar PV would cost about $ 13/MWh by 2030 .
The additional costs for accommodating small‐scale solar photovoltaic ( PV ) generation on the distribution level are as low as $ 1/MWh for a PV system size featuring 2.5 kilowatt per household – if the grid is planned properly from the onset .
More importantly , there are system benefits that might outweight the cost of generation of wind and solar and so lower the overall cost of the grid . This is borne out in reduced need for peak generation – as Australia found out in its recent heatwaves – and by lowering the overall wholesale electricity cost – as all Australian generators have found out in recent years .
As we mentioned in our first report on the IEA study , wind and solar can carry the bulk of the required decarbonisation of the world 's electricity systems , but the system costs of having 45 per cent wind and solar in the energy mix need only add $ 11/MWh if the integration is done thoughtfully .
The IEA actually says the system transformation costs would be zero if the LCOE of wind and solar dropped by 30-40 per cent from an average of $ 90/MWh to a range from $ 63/MWh to $ 55/MWh . Given the market forecasts of where the cost of solar is heading , this appears inevitable given the time it would take to bring the share of wind and solar up to 45 per cent .
Part of the problem , the IEA suggests , comes from the fact that many incumbent utilities view renewables as an “ addition ” to the grid , and therefore a complication , rather than as a path to transformation of the whole system .
As IEA secretary general Maria van der Hoeven says : “ The classic view sees ( wind and solar ) integration as an addition to what is already there , assuming that the rest of the system does not adapt .
“ This “ traditional ” view risks missing the point . The challenges and opportunities of ( wind and solar integration lie not only with VRE technologies themselves , but also with other system components . Consequently , a system-wide approach to integration is required . In short , integration of VRE is not simply about adding VRE to “ business as usual ” , but transforming the system as a whole . ”
For that reason , she says , a power system featuring a share of 45 per cent of ( wind and solar ) may come at little additional long-term cost over a system with no variable renewables at all . Australia has a long way to go to even approach that level . It 's got a lot of learning to do as well . The message from the IEA is clear , the government needs to start planning for the future , not deploying some ideological claptrap that locks it into the past .
About
hello everyone , Thanks for your interest in my project . I am looking to create a prototype semi truck that can be powered by alternative means to power itself . We drive by these big rigs everyday and as a former truck driver the cost of fuel has risen over the years and this cost has been passed on to the consumer . I would like to explore different alternatives to using fuel to get goods to business . I have done research on solar power electricity . A semi pulls a 53 ft trailer and i would like to put solar panels on top of the trailer . This will allow for the semi truck to be powered , store , and use the suns power to generate electricity to power the semi truck where it is not using fuel . Semi trucks our on the road 24/7 and with this project and research i would be able to help the environment and lessen our dependence on fuel .
Australia lost a very beloved , very old soul yesterday . Maggie , who is believed to have been the oldest dog in the world , crossed the Rainbow Bridge at a remarkable 30 years of age .
While most dogs live between 11-15 years of age ( and for some lucky ones , a few years more ) , this amazing Kelpie more than doubled the average life expectancy .
Owner Brian McLaren , a dairy farmer in Woolsthorp , Victoria , confirmed the news to The Weekly Times .
“ She was 30 years old , she was still going along nicely last week , she was walking from the dairy to the office and growling at the cats and all that sort of thing , ” he told the newspaper .
Two days prior to passing , McLaren said her health began to deteriorate .
“ She just went downhill in two days and I said yesterday morning when I went home for lunch … ‘ She has n't got long now ' .
Maggie passed peacefully in her sleep , curled up in her bed .
“ I 'm sad , but I 'm pleased she went the way she went . ”
Rest in peace , old girl .
From his time in a district attorney 's office to his multiple stints as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and his current candidacy for the Senate , Roy Moore has fashioned himself as the tip of the spear in the American culture wars—and the ultimate arbiter of sexual morality .
But with only 33 days before the special election to replace Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the U.S. Senate , the political landscape of Alabama was leveled with the kind of eleventh-hour detonation once only imaginable by Edwin Edwards : Moore , the odds-on favorite to win Sessions ' seat , was accused of making sexual advances on four teenage girls in the 1970s and 1980s , when he was in his thirties .
According to The Washington Post , to which the women spoke on the record , Moore pursued a girl as young as 14 years old when he was working as a deputy district attorney in Etowah County , Alabama .
“ I wanted it over with—I wanted out , ” recalled Leigh Corfman , who told the Post that when she was 14 , Moore took her to his secluded home , removed their clothes , and guided her hands over his underwear . “ Please just get this over with . Whatever this is , just get it over . ”
According to Alabama state law at the time of the alleged offense , anyone over the age of 19 who subjects another person under the age of 16 to sexual contact is guilty of second-degree sexual abuse .
Moore 's campaign has denied the accusations , calling them “ the very definition of fake news . ”
Of the many high-profile men in the sphere of entertainment , media and politics to be accused of sexual impropriety in recent months , Moore is perhaps the first to have built much of his career and national profile as a champion of moral values , a reputation he has carried into his current run for the U.S. Senate .
“ I want to see virtue and morality returned to our country and God is the only source of our law , liberty and government , ” Moore said during a primary debate with Luther Strange , the current holder of Sessions ' seat .
It was Moore 's infamously rigid views of homosexuality—and his attendant ethics violations—that resulted in his second removal from the Alabama Supreme Court . In January 2016 , after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that bans on same-sex marriage were unconstitutional , Moore issued an administrative order declaring that the state 's probate judges had “ a ministerial duty ” not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples .
But beyond Moore 's wary eye on same-sex marriage , the candidate 's legal career is marked by instances of condemnation and even outright revulsion at homosexuality under any circumstance . In a 2002 decision , Moore sided against a lesbian woman during a custody battle because of her sexuality .
“ Disfavoring practicing homosexuals in custody matters promotes the general welfare of the people of our State in accordance with our law , which is the duty of its public servants , ” Moore wrote in D.H. v . H.H. , a custody case in which he sided with a father who had been accused of abuse over a lesbian mother . “ Exposing a child to such behavior has a destructive and seriously detrimental effect on the children . It is an inherent evil against which children must be protected . ”
In another divorce case over which Moore presided , first uncovered by CNN , he barred a lesbian mother from visiting her children without supervision , writing that “ the minor children will be detrimentally affected by the present lifestyle of [ Mrs. Borden ] who has engaged in a homosexual relationship during her marriage , forbidden both by the laws of the State of Alabama and the Laws of Nature . ”
Moore also has routinely compared homosexuality to bestiality , calling sex with a cow , horse , or dog “ the same thing ” as same-sex relations .
Moore 's views on sexuality and the law are n't uniformly condemnatory , however . In 2015 , during his second stint as chief justice , Moore was the lone dissenter in the case of a daycare worker who was convicted of sexually assaulting multiple preschool-aged children . The worker was found guilty of first-degree sodomy , under an expansion of the “ implied threat ” clause of the statute that would include factors like age and physical maturity of the victim when prosecuting child-sex cases .
In his lone dissent , Moore declared that “ this Court has no ‘ right ' or ‘ authority ' to make a ‘ new ' law to govern conduct between minors the legislature obviously chose not to address. ” Besides , Moore said in the case involving a 17-year-old who sexually assaulted children between the ages of 3 and 5 , “ there was no evidence in this case of an implied threat of serious physical injury . ”
The latest James Bond film ‘ Skyfall ' has opened , and is already crushing franchise box office records and exceeding fans ' expectations . Between commenters here on The Bonus View and personal friends , I 've only come in contact with three people who , like me , disagree with the majority , and find ‘ Skyfall ' to be not only a lackluster Bond flick , but a weak spy movie in general . I understand that my opinion goes against the grain , mostly due to the way that I feel about the 007 series as a whole , but I 'm not Armond White . I do n't make stupid claims just to gain attention . If you 're a die-hard Bond fan , then it 's more than likely that you 'll disagree with every word I say . Be warned : The following text contains major ‘ Skyfall ' spoilers .
As I said in Friday 's review , I love both ‘ Casino Royale ‘ and ‘ Quantum of Solace ‘ , and really wanted ‘ Skyfall ' to follow through with the new rebooted series , which modernized and humanized James Bond , and did away with corny unrealistic fluff such as dumbass gadgets and riding down ski slopes on musical instruments . Unfortunately , I feel that ‘ Skyfall ' takes Bond back into the nearly brainless mode that most of the previous 20 films functioned on .
The first sign that something was n't right with ‘ Skyfall ' happened during the overly-long introductory sequence . After finding a dead agent and his now hard drive-less laptop , Bond chases a random henchman for what feels like 20 minutes . Cranes , trains and automobiles – this action sequence is cool , but way too long , and lacks continuity in every way possible . Bond gets shot twice , but we later only see him with one gunshot wound . He drives a dirt bike off a city bridge onto a train that is suddenly in the middle of wide open plains – no city in sight . Two minutes later , he 's in the mountains .
Due to an on-the-spot call that M makes , Bond is shot and possibly left for dead , but we sure as shit know that is n't the case . The dumb aspect of this scene is that M is willing to risk killing Bond in order to get the hard drive back , but had she not made the call , both Bond and Henchman # 1 would have smashed into the train tunnel . While they both would have died , the hard drive would have been retrieved and I never would have been made to suffer through ‘ Skyfall ' .
This is the first of many times where ‘ Skyfall ' steals an element from another very popular movie . Guess what was on the hard drive that the henchman got away with ? A list containing every MI6 agent , his/her whereabouts , pseudonyms and infiltrated organizations . Wait , is n't that the exact same plot from Brain De Palma 's ‘ Mission : Impossible ‘ ? You bet your ass it is , and the plot stealing does n't stop there . Ethan Hunt 's NOC list is only the beginning .
After a few minutes of being led to believe that Bond is dead , we of course learn that he is n't . Bond is content to stay off the radar in his tropical hiding place , tossing back shots of tequila with stupid scorpions on his hands and boning random local chicks ( and possibly dudes too ) – that is , until he sees something on the news that stirs him up . With the NOC list out there , agents are being killed and someone has infiltrated MI6 headquarters , blowing up M 's office in the process . Who did it ? Of course , it 's Javier Bardem 's character , Silva . How did Silva do it ? Who knows ? Like many other major plot points in ‘ Skyfall ' , we 're never given an answer . Lazy little ‘ Skyfall ' works in a brain-dead manner . Do n't ask the “ how ” questions because there are n't any answers to be found .
Shortly thereafter , Bond comes back from the dead and visits M. She takes him to the new MI6 headquarters , and the ‘ Casino ' and ‘ Quantum ' apologies begin rolling in . Taking us full circle with the original Bond flicks , we get all the goofy stuff that old fans want . The MI6 HQ is now underground and resembles the hideout of old . We meet Q and some gadgets are teased . Jokes are made about not using them as much as MI6 did in the past , but then we proceed to rely on them . Had it not been for the transmitter , Bond would have died on Silva 's island . Had it not been for the Aston Martin machine guns , many more henchmen would have entered Bond Manor during the climax . As much as I did n't want ‘ Skyfall ' to dig into this has-been , gadget-filled territory , I initially did n't mind because it seemed to be a minimal joke , a throwback . Sadly , it 's really just one of the “ apologies . ”
Through unmotivated and coincidental actions , at the one-hour mark Bond finally discovers the identity of the villain behind the attack on MI6 . For the first time in the film , we meet Silva – a flamboyant former Double-0 agent with mommy issues and a desire to bring down MI6.Wait a second , is n't this the exact same antagonist type as seen in ‘ GoldenEye ‘ ? ! Ding-ding-ding ! Instead of stealing a villain from ‘ Mission : Impossible ' , ‘ Skyfall ' steals one from its own franchise . Bardem is n't bad , but his collective 15 minutes of screen time do n't come close to portraying the fleshed-out three dimensional villains he could be . His flamboyance is just a notch down from Jim Carrey 's portrayal of the Riddler . That removing any potential he had of being a menace and kills the serious tone .
Another pointless aspect of Silva comes across as an apology . I 'm fine with minimal nods back to the original films ( like the subterranean headquarters ) , which is why I did n't mind Le Chiffre 's bleeding eye in ‘ Casino Royale ' being a throwback to the randomly disfigured villains of old – but Silva 's ridiculous disfiguration is damned absurd . The reveal of Silva 's glass jaw caused me to groan out loud . Making matters worse is the fact that the filmmakers try to tie this disfiguration into a coherent part of the plot . You see , Silva is disfigured because of a job gone bad . Things went sour and M made a call that resulted in his deformity . Because of the opening sequence where Bond is shot and left for dead due to M 's decision , Silva explains that they have a lot in common . Mind you , Bond 's involvement in this whole ordeal stems from coincidences and random acts . Silva never planned to get Bond in this position . It was all chance , but that 's not what we 're led to believe . Bond randomly finds Silva and we 're supposed to think that Silva set it all up .
Bond stumbles into Silva 's lame lair and gets caught , but it turns out that Bond wanted to get caught . Because of the gadgets that Bond now has , M and MI6 are able to intervene , rescue Bond and capture Silva . It was a twist ! ( Please note my sarcasm . ) But then Silva is taken back to the brand-new secret underground HQ and it 's revealed that , like Loki in ‘ The Avengers ‘ , Silva wanted to be caught and brought back to their new hideout all along . Double twist ! What follows is a scene that I deem the most braindead of the whole movie . Bond chases Silva through subway tunnels , catches up to Old Glass Jaw in a large subterranean room and fires a few shots . Bond can shoot two rungs on the ladder Silva climbs , but not Silva himself . And just when he gets the bad guy in his sights , he freezes and does n't take the shot just so that Silva can drop an empty train on him . ( P.S . I 've been in London 's tubes during the day , and no train is ever empty . ) Considering that Silva had no idea where the new MI6 HQ was located , how lame is it he somehow knew the exact place that Bond was going to catch him , and would have a bomb rigged so that he could drop a train on Bond ? Absolutely absurd .
At this point in the film , halfway through , the plot is completely discarded . Do you remember that NOC list that Bond and MI6 have been tracking down ? Well , the characters sure do n't . The story that we 've been wrapped up in for over an hour is tossed aside . You might assume that the hard drive was retrieved when Silva was captured , but you 'd think that this was a plot point worth resolving . After all , at least five agents had their identities revealed and were executed . This is a major part of story , something greater than leaving up to presumptions – but it 's not resolved . Ever . After Silva breaks into MI6 , only to escape ( without achieving a thing ) , the MI6 mission shifts from the unresolved NOC list to protecting M from Silva . Bond and M do n't look for the hard drive any longer . Eff every other agent in the field – Mum is in danger ! All energy and efforts go towards keeping M safe . Bond and M run from Silva , becoming the prey and not the usual predators .
The NOC list is ditched just so that the franchise can be given yet another new origin . We 're suddenly force fed a splinter of Bond 's backstory . A plot point is revealed that other reviewers claim digs deep into Bond 's roots , origins and motivations . I disagree with those statements . ‘ Casino Royale ' created a three dimensional character . Through the death of Vesper in the climax , Bond was given a dark motivation that we could all connect with . In ‘ Skyfall ' , that motivation ( what I 'm calling “ The Vesper Motivation ” ) is completely dismissed for a newer , shallower one – his parents died . Why is Bond the cruel , heartless and brutal beast that he is ? It 's not because of Vesper . It 's because he 's an orphan . Once again , we 're supposed to make the connection that Bond is like Silva – he has parent issues too . Boo-hoo and bullshit . The final act character development is worthless , but not as worthless as the ripped-off anticlimax that follows .
Do you know how every Bond movie has a wild adventurous finale ? ‘ Skyfall ' does n't . The movie wraps up with Bond and M playing ‘ Home Alone ‘ against the strangest set of henchmen ever . They lock themselves in Bond Manor with Albert Finney ( who pops up just for the film 's climax ) and re-enact ‘ Straw Dogs ' . Bad guys climb inside the boarded up house , but fall for boobytrap after boobytrap , failing to ever take out either of the geriatric geezers shuffling around inside . When Bond , M and Finney complete the first wave , then enters Silva in a helicopter shooting sequence that would have been any other villains ' first attack choice . This scene just keeps going on and on and on . They move the fight outdoors , and then they move back indoors , and so forth .
The nearly two-and-a-half hour runtime of ‘ Skyfall ' is unwarranted . Most scenes are too long , especially the “ Peter and the Chicken ” action sequences . It would all be over much earlier had Bond taken the shot one of the many times in the movie that the opportunity was readily in front of him , but he unexplainably and consciously decides not to . For example , why did n't Bond just shoot Silva in the face during the scene where Silva tried to drop a train on him ?
My final gripe with flick is M 's fate . Did anyone not see M 's death coming from the moment we met Ralph Fiennes ' character ? If you did n't catch it then , you must have caught it when her real name was revealed . The movie 's ending was spoiled two hours before we got to it .
I 'm not going to buy the new Bond Blu-ray set , but I will buy the individual titles that I like . I already own ‘ Casino Royale ' and ‘ Quantum of Solace ' , but I will never own ‘ Skyfall ' .
What Did You Think of 'Skyfall ' ? It 's great ! One of the best Bond films ever !
It 's pretty good . Better-than-average for Bond .
Eh , it 's OK .
It 's very disappointing .
James Bond sucks . I 'll never watch this . View Results
The Best Composting Worms
Worm Types
It is important that you 're familiar with the different types of composting worms . You must know in advance what each worm requires in order to be successful in your worm composting endeavor .
Rougly 4,400 different worm species have been identified . They are grouped according to the animal classification divisions of phyla , order , genus , species .
These divisions represent their physical characteristics such as body color , shape and size and ecological functions such as burrowing abilities and food preferences .
This , in turn , allows researchers to categorize earthworms in ecological classes as epigeic , anecic and endogeic .
Epigeic
Eisenia fetida
( red wiggler , manure worm , red composting worms )
Small reddish/brown worm , 1.5-2.5 inches long .
Live in the upper litter layer of the soil .
Ingest large quantities of decomposing vegetation ( detritus ) material . They can eat up to 1/2 their weight in feed/day .
Most widely used worm species for composting as it is most adaptive to moisture and temperature extremes than other species .
Produce 3.8 cocoon per adult per week .
Each cocoon contains between 8-20 eggs , but on average only 3.3 worms will actually hatch .
Hatching occurs in about 3 weeks .
53-76 days to sexual maturity .
85-149 days from egg to maturity .
Ideal temperature ranges from 70-80°F .
Minimum : 38°F ; Maximum : 95°
Moisture content ranges from 43-90 % .
pH levels between 5-9 .
Prefers higher protein : carbon feed .
Extremely tolerant of handling and has the widest range of feedstocks .
Makes a very good fresh water bait worm for wide-mouth bass and trout due to its vigorous wiggling .
Eudrilus Eugeniae
( African Nightcrawler )
Commonly over six inches long .
Good composting worms and fishing bait worm .
35-51 days to sexual maturity .
Prefer temperatures of 75ºF- 85ºF , will tolerate 45º-90ºF .
Can not tolerate extreme cold .
Dislikes disruption of environment and handling .
An interesting research study on the African nightcrawler can be read here .
Eisenia hortsenis
( European nightcrawler )
Larger worm for compost , but lives deeper in the bin .
Likes higher carbon : protein feed .
Slower reproduction , shorter life span .
1.6 cocoons per adult per week,1.1 babies per cocoon .
Net reproduction of 1.4 young per adult per week .
From Egg To Sexual Maturity = 85 Days .
Anecic
Lumbricus terrestris ( common nightcrawler )
Large deep burrowing worms that come to the surface when it is time to feed .
Burrows are semi permanent and may extend six feet down .
Help aerate the soil and improve water retention .
Not suitable for worm composting ; better for fishing bait .
Endogeic
Aporrectodea caliginosa
Frequently encountered in farming systems .
Lives in the first 4-8 inches of soil , they produce horizontal burrows .
Tends to be medium size and pale in color ( indicates sub-soil dweller .
Over 600,000 Facebook users have taken part in a psychological experiment organised by the social media company , without their knowledge .
Facebook altered the tone of the users ' news feed to highlight either positive or negative posts from their friends , which were seen on their news feed .
They then monitored the users ' response , to see whether their friends ' attitude had an impact on their own .
`` The results show emotional contagion , '' wrote a team of Facebook scientists , in a paper published by the PNAS journal - Proceedings of the National Academy of Scientists of the United States .
`` When positive expressions were reduced , people produced fewer positive posts and more negative posts ; when negative expressions were reduced , the opposite pattern occurred . These results indicate that emotions expressed by others on Facebook influence our own emotions , constituting experimental evidence for massive-scale contagion via social networks . ''
Facebook were able to carry out the experiment because all users have to tick a box agreeing to their terms and conditions . These include `` internal operations , including troubleshooting , data analysis , testing , research and service improvement . ''
In the study , the authors point out that they stayed within the remit of the agreement by using a machine to pick out positive and negative posts , meaning no user data containing personal information was actually viewed by human researchers .
The study , carried out over a week in January 2012 , was carried out for scientific purposes . But evidence that social media can have such a strong impact on people 's mental state will certainly be of interest to advertisers .
The lead scientist , Adam Kramer , said in an interview when he joined Facebook in March 2012 that he took the job because `` Facebook data constitutes the largest field study in the history of the world . ''
Watch : Fewer than a third of Facebook 's staff are women
Minka Kelly Sex Tape Shopped
Minka Kelly Sex Tape Being Shopped
EXCLUSIVE
is the latest in a long line of actresses to star in a sex tape that is now being peddled to the highest bidder ... TMZ has learned ... but there could be a big complication ... because it 's possible Minka was a minor when it was shot.The tape ... which is 30-minutes long ... was shot in New Mexico and features Minka with an ex-boyfriend.The tape is shot in a semi-professional manner . The camera is secured by a tripod and hooked up to a TV monitor , so both Minka and the BF can watch the action they create . Minka is very aware of the camera.It 's unclear how old Minka was when the tape was shot . Two songs from Brandy 's second album , `` Never Say Never , '' are playing in the background . The album was released on June 8 , 1998 -- 16 days before Minka 's 18th birthday . But one source questioned whether the song was added after the fact to make it appear she was over 18.As for Minka , we put a call in to her rep . So far , no comment.As for the claim the Brandy songs were added after the fact , that 's not possible , because we now know Minka is singing and dancing to the songs in the video .
Just two guys who enjoy a substantial top marginal income tax rate .
AFP/Getty Images and MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images
Bernie Sanders famously describes himself as a democratic socialist and is unusual among modern politicians in the enthusiasm with which he advocates for higher taxes on wealthy Americans . CBS moderator ( and Slate columnist ) John Dickerson questioned him about this issue at tonight 's Democratic debate , asking how high taxes would have to go to pay for Sanders ' many spending proposals . The Vermont senator did n't name a specific figure in his response , so Dickerson followed up :
Let 's get specific . How high would you go inspect ? You said before above 50 percent .
Said Sanders , to general merriment :
We have n't come up with an exact number yet , but it will not be as high as the number under Dwight D. Eisenhower . Which was 90 percent . I 'm not that much of a socialist compared to Eisenhower . But—but we are going to end the absurdity , as Warren Buffet often reminds us that billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers . That makes no sense at all . There has to be real tax reform and the wealthiest and large corporations will pay when I 'm president .
For the record , it 's true that the top marginal income tax rate under Eisenhower was 90 percent , and the effective tax rate for the top 0.01 percent of earners in the last year of Eisenhower 's term was an astronomical-by-today 's standards 71.4 percent . On other measures by which socialism is defined in U.S. politics , though , Ike was probably not on Sanders ' level ; he opposed single-payer health care and , while more moderate than the modern Republican party on a number of issues , was apparently known for appointing millionaires to his Cabinet . ( Eisenhower also had to work with a Democratic Congress during most his term and said that all things being equal he would have personally preferred lower tax rates . )
Read more of Slate 's coverage of the Democratic primary .
Word of the attempted assassination of Representative Gabrielle Giffords outside a Tucson supermarket , which left her in critical condition after a bullet passed through her brain , had barely broken before speculation erupted on the motivations of the man accused of shooting her and killing six others , Jared Lee Loughner , 22 .
Was Mr. Loughner a conservative or a liberal ? What did he think of the Tea Party ? How serious was his degree of mental illness ? What role , if any , did heated political rhetoric and violent political metaphors play in his decision to shoot the congresswoman and 19 other people who were at the scene , including a federal judge ?
The search for answers is understandable — although , with this being the first tragedy of quite this kind in the Twitter Age , I have been a little surprised at the velocity at which it has taken place . Increasingly , thanks to the outstanding reporting by The Times and other news organizations , we 're gaining more insight into Mr. Loughner and his state of mind . Still , there is much more to learn about the case , and even when the preponderance of evidence is in , it is likely that we will never understand exactly why he chose to do what he did .
Suppose , however , that our focus is on something slightly different : on estimating the risk posed by assassinations of public officials in the future , and thereby doing our best to prevent them . Here , there is probably the risk of overgeneralizing the lessons learned from just one attack , however terrible it was .
Assassinations are remarkably rare in America . The last sitting member of Congress to have been assassinated was Representative Leo J. Ryan of California , who was murdered by members of the People 's Temple when he was visiting Guyana in 1978 . The last one to be assassinated on American soil was Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York in 1968 .
The last mayor of a large city to be assassinated was George Moscone of San Francisco , who was killed along with a city supervisor , Harvey Milk , in 1978 . The last American president to be assassinated was John F. Kennedy in 1963 , although there have been attempts or very serious threats against several others since , most notably Ronald Reagan , who was shot but not killed by John Hinckley , Jr. , in 1981 . Gov . George Wallace of Alabama was shot and left partly paralyzed by a would-be assassin while running for president in 1972 .
As James Fallows has noted , it is hard to come to any blanket conclusions about assassins and their motivations . Some of them seem to have made an explicitly political calculation , while some were completely detached from reality . Many had obscure grievances that did not match the mainstream political debates of their day .
These assassinations and assassination attempts , including the one against Ms. Giffords , can not be thought of as “ random ” incidents . By definition , an assassination requires that a specific public official be the target for murder , and the authorities say Mr. Loughner seems explicitly to have targeted Ms. Giffords .
They have , however , been isolated incidents in several different senses of the term : because of their rarity ; because there is little to link them together ; and because virtually all were the acts of lone individuals , and not part of larger conspiracies .
That makes them , for someone concerned with estimating the risk of similar future attacks and preventing them , exceptionally difficult to study . It is almost impossible to come to meaningful conclusions about probability from a sample size of one .
Mr. Loughner 's case so far seems to be no exception . Apart from his somewhat inscrutable state of mind , other facts and circumstances of the case are also unusual , such as the fact that he shot at least 19 others in addition to Ms. Giffords , something which is uncommon in an assassination attempt .
Even if Mr. Loughner 's profile were a little clearer , however , there would still be the risk of overgeneralizing from any one case . The next would-be assassin might be very much like him , or he might not .
What we do have in some abundance , however , are threats of violence : these are fairly common . For instance , there were 49 credible threats recorded against United States senators in 2010 , according to the office of the Sergeant at Arms .
Many of these , undoubtedly , were made by people who had no real intention of carrying though with attacks . Still , it seems reasonable to hypothesize that they might stem from some of the impulses that an actual attack might , and might be of some value in our efforts to anticipate them .
The number of threats against members of Congress seemed to have been on the decline throughout most of the past decade . There is some evidence , however , that their number has increased significantly in the past year or two . The Sergent at Arms , for instance , counted just 29 threats against senators in 2009 , rather than 49 in 2010 . And there was a 300 percent increase in such threats against all members of Congress ( both representatives and senators ) in the first few months of 2010 , according to the same office .
The journalist Ronald Kessler , meanwhile , wrote in his bestselling book that there has been a 400 percent increase in the number of threats against the White House since Barack Obama took office .
These sorts of statistics are a bit frightening . But they do , for better or for worse , provide us with a reasonably robust data set . If it turns out , for instance , that Democratic members of Congress are much more likely to receive such threats than Republican ones , that might tell us something meaningful . Likewise , if threats made against Mr. Obama routinely invoke his race , that could tell us something too .
It might also be possible , with careful study , to see whether there is a correlation between the frequency of different types of political rhetoric and the number of such threats . Searches of Lexis-Nexis , for instance , could determine whether violent political metaphors have in fact become more common , and if so , whether their timing coincides with with them .
I do n't know whether such data could be entirely “ open source , ” considering its sensitivity . But perhaps the Sergent at Arms , and other parts of the security apparatus , could make a few such statistics available to the public on a regular basis . It would probably provide us with considerably more insight into the risks posed by assassination , domestic terrorism , and other severe forms of political violence , than any degree of scrutiny of Mr. Loughner 's case could on its own .
6 Movies That Celebrate ( The Worst Parts ) of Christmas
by
't is the season and all that business . We do love Christmas , there 's really no part of it that is n't awesome . Gift giving , over eating and enjoying the lovely sunny beach weather ( did I mention I live in Australia ? ) . We also love re-watching those Christmas classics . But have you stopped to wonder why some of them focus on the worst parts of the holiday ?
Jingle All the Way
Commercialism and Toy Fads
In 1982 Coleco Toys created the smash hit ‘ Cabbage Patch Kids ' . When they arrived in the United States they were declared the “ must-have ” toy for Christmas . Cue hordes of parents descending upon toy stores nationwide with fist fights breaking out over the limited stock . People turned up with baseball bats to fight for one . This was the first of several incidents of madness over the must-have toys , such as Furbies , Power Rangers and the Nintendo Wii .
This could absolutely have been the premise for a comedic film , and Jingle All the Way ran with it . Arnie plays a dad whose relationship with his son relies entirely on getting a Turbo-Man action figure for Christmas . Turbo-Man is unfortunately sold out everywhere and fights are starting to break out over the remaining stock . Arnie and his rival , played by Sinbad , do everything they can to get one . What kills the concept is that everyone is acting like a terrible person to get the doll , something that will in no way solve their family problems . It turns out that trampling people because you rely on a toy to make your child love you do not reflect well on you .
Also , did you know there was a sequel ? Yeah .
Die Hard
Office Christmas Party
Have you thought about how much time you spend with your work colleagues ? More than you spend with most of your friends and family . It 's really just a coincidence that throws you all together , and consider yourself lucky if you get on with your fellow office dwellers . At the end of the year its time to let your hair down , drink from a plastic cup and make awkward conversation with your manager before you can finally beg off for a well deserved break .
Perhaps this movie is wish fulfilment for some . Because during that awkward conversation with the company CFO where you desperately try not to appear as drunk as you actually are you may silently pray for an armed gang of terrorists to take over the building in order to rob the corporation who owns it . This is only a small portion of the film , because John McClaine rocks up to sort things out , but think of the relief the guy from the mail room felt when the condescending middle manager slimeball gets plugged by Hans .
Christmas Vacation
Family – Whether You Want Them Or Not
Christmas is a time when families come together to strengthen their bonds and share happiness . It…does n't always go to plan . When you get everyone in one house you 're going to get people stepping on toes and bringing up past slights . All it takes is a couple of cups of egg nog and a re-gifted sweater before the snark emerges .
Christmas Vacation actually deals with these problems in a restrained way . With everyone having to squeeze up and share rooms with the extended come to stay everyone gets put on edge . Uncle Eddie then turns up in his RV and raises tension further with his disgusting habits . Eventually Clark Griswold does crack , and we get one of the best angry rants in cinema history .
It 's a Wonderful Life
Depression and Suicide
Reports that suicide spikes during the month of December do get exaggerated on social media , but that 's not to say there is n't noticeable increase in mental health problems during the holiday season , with more treatment sought for depression and anxiety than any other time of year . You may assume that this comes from loneliness for those alone over Christmas , but its more about the social pressures that come with the season . Reuniting with family , putting a strain on relationships , finical commitments and meeting social expectations can all instigate a mental health spiral .
It 's A Wonderful Life may be seen as the feel-good classic of the season but it all starts with an attempted suicide . Amid the preparation for Christmas Day , George Bailey is on his way to finish his life with only the intervention of his guardian angel to turn him back . It 's a classic tale of a Christmas miracle that , frankly , is n't going to cheer up anyone who 's struck with depression .
If you do find yourself in crisis leading up to Christmas , or any other time , you can call Lifeline on 1-800-273-8255 in the USA and 13 11 14 in Australia .
Kirk Cameron 's Saving Christmas
Claiming Christmas For Yourself
Here 's the thing about Christmas – it entered our society as a Christian holiday . It was , by many accounts , co-opted from Pagan rituals , but the incarnation we 're familiar with draws on both belief systems . Regardless of the origin the idea has become firmly established with modern culture worldwide and is celebrated different ways from country to country and even house to house . Some media outlets like to trot out the ‘ War on Christmas ' garbage to rile up viewers this time of year , and some people get up in arms if Christmas is n't all inclusive or restricted as they see fit .
Personally , I see Christmas as high time to invite people to join and share your traditions . Show your friends and neighbours how your family do things and perhaps they 'll share their own traditions with you .
Known lunatic Kirk Cameron takes it in the opposite direction with his infamous steamer Saving Christmas . The film aims to reclaim Christmas for the Christians with claims that Santa , Christmas trees and the like all have their origins in the Bible . Not only is this kinda barmy but its just mean spirited .
Gremlins
Giving Inappropriate Gifts
It does n't take much to give someone a good gift . If there 's nothing they want , get them something they need . Failing that , get them something you enjoy that they may enjoy as well . But you have to put some thought into it otherwise you run the risk of upsetting someone . A puppy may be adorable but it 's a lot of responsibility to put on someone as a gift .
Then there are mogwais . You have all the responsibilities of raising a pet plus some fun little rules to enforce . Like keeping them away from light , as it hurts them . Do n't let them get wet , as they multiply . Oh , and do n't forget the incredibly vague do n't feed them ‘ after midnight ' ( whatever that means ) because they will morph into psychotic , murdering gremlins ! Did you know there was a cut scene where they throw Billy 's mother 's severed head down the stairs at him ? Whoever thought this was a good gift idea is a dumbass .
So happy holidays , I guess…
Advertisements
Carter Page , a former adviser to then-candidate Donald Trump , speaks at the graduation ceremony for the New Economic School in Moscow on July 8 . ( Pavel Golovkin/AP )
Carter Page , who served briefly as a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , made an appearance in a federal espionage case because he communicated several years ago with a Russian intelligence agent under surveillance by the FBI .
In a statement released Tuesday , Page confirmed his role in the 2015 Justice Department spy case , adding another twist to the still-unfolding story of Trump 's peculiar and expanding ties to people connected to Russia .
Page said he assisted U.S. prosecutors in their case against Evgeny Buryakov , an undercover Kremlin agent then posing as a bank executive in New York . Buryakov was convicted of espionage and released from federal prison last week , a few months short of completing a 30-month sentence . Buryakov agreed to be immediately deported to Russia .
Page 's involvement was first disclosed Monday by BuzzFeed , which said Page was identified as “ Male 1 ” in the Justice Department 's complaint against a Russian spy network based in New York .
In a written exchange with The Washington Post , Page confirmed playing a role in the case but declined to discuss details .
Evgeny Buryakov sits in court in New York on Jan. 26 , 2015 . Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page played a role in the espionage case against Buryakov . ( Jane Rosenburg/Reuters )
“ Given the very light masking in the original document from January 2015 , you can draw your own conclusions , ” Page wrote .
According to the court records , the FBI interviewed Page as part of the case against three Russian men identified as agents of the Russian overseas intelligence agency , the SVR . One of them , Buryakov , was operating undercover as an executive in the New York office of a Russian development bank , Vnesheconombank .
The case resurfaced in news accounts last week when President Trump 's adviser and son-in-law , Jared Kushner , acknowledged he had met with the head of the same bank in December .
The complaint includes transcripts from 2013 of wiretapped conversations among the Russians discussing their efforts to recruit Male 1 , identified as a New York energy trader whom the Russians described as willing to talk .
In his statement , Page compared the revelation of his role to “ the politically-motivated unmasking standards seen in the Obama Administration which have recently been exposed . ”
He said the information was released as “ retribution for my public positions of dissent ” against Obama administration policy toward Russia . The information about his role in the case “ amplified the reputational damage against me ” that has occurred through 2016 , Page said . After he was named by Trump as a foreign policy adviser , news reports discussed his travel to Russia and his frequent criticism of U.S. policy toward Russia under Obama .
According to the 2015 complaint filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York , Page met with a Russian agent , Victor Podobnyy , in January 2013 at an energy conference in New York . It says that from January to June of that year , Page as Male 1 “ provided documents to [ Podobnyy ] about the energy business. ” At the time , the Russians were seeking information on U.S. sanctions and on energy development .
Although Page communicated with the Russian agents in 2013 , he said the information he provided was innocuous .
“ As I explained to federal authorities prior to the January 2015 filing of this case , I shared basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents ” with the spy who was serving then as a junior attache at the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations .
“ In doing so , I provided him nothing more than a few samples from the far more detailed lectures I was preparing at the time for the students in my Spring 2013 semester ‘ Energy and the World : Politics , Markets and Technology ' course which I taught on Saturdays at New York University . ”
During an interview with The Washington Post editorial page staff in March 2016 , Trump identified Page , once a Merrill Lynch investment banker in Moscow , as a foreign policy adviser to his campaign .
But in January , after Page 's name came up in news reports about Trump administration ties to Russia , Trump press secretary Sean Spicer declared that “ Carter Page is an individual the president-elect does not know . ”
Page , a longtime energy executive , is a U.S . Naval Academy graduate who rose through the ranks at Merrill Lynch before founding his current firm , Global Energy Capital . He previously was a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , where he focused on the Caspian Sea region and economic development in former Soviet states . He is also a fellow at the Center for National Policy in Washington and has a PhD from the University of London .
He made a speech in Moscow in July that included some criticism of U.S. policy .
The White House has energetically rejected the idea that Trump or his allies coordinated with Russia during the election . The president has said investigators and the public should focus instead on leaks of information and reports that he and his advisers were improperly surveilled by the Obama administration .
“ The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING ! Find the leakers , ” Trump tweeted Monday morning .
Page has said repeatedly in recent weeks that he would like to tell his story to congressional investigators looking at Russian government efforts to influence the course of the 2016 election and the leak of information about that effort .
“ I very much look forward to providing further evidence regarding last year 's historic crimes committed against me and all Americans , ” Page said .
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) is signaling Democrats will try to get ObamaCare 's insurer subsidy payments included in a December funding deal , adding another legislative item to an already packed end-of-the-year schedule .
`` I think we 're going to have a very good opportunity in the omnibus to get this done in a bipartisan way , if we ca n't get it done sooner , '' Schumer told reporters during a conference call on Friday .
`` Democrats are going to work very hard to get these cost-sharing payments restored , but remember there are a whole lot of Republicans who want to get them restored , too . ''
The Trump administration announced on Thursday night that it was nixing ObamaCare 's cost-sharing reduction payments . The administration said that it `` can not lawfully make '' the payments to insurers because they were n't appropriated under the Affordable Care Act .
Lawmakers could restore the payments , but they are facing a crowded schedule .
In addition to the subsidy payments , government funding expires on Dec. 8 , Democrats want a deal on undocumented immigrations and Congress needs to reauthorize a surveillance program .
Democrats believe they have leverage going into December , when Republicans will need their vote to fund the government .
Schumer said there `` may well be other vehicles '' for the payments if Sens . Lamar Alexander Andrew ( Lamar ) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE ( R-Tenn. ) and Patty Murray Patricia ( Patty ) Lynn MurrayThis week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC , company says MORE ( D-Wash. ) can get a deal .
`` I think they 're still trying to come to an agreement . We 'll see how that goes . They both are good negotiators , '' he told reporters , asked about the status of the talks . `` [ But ] I do n't know what 's happened in the last day . ''
Alexander and Murray , the top members of the Senate Health Committee , are trying to reach a deal on legislation to provide the payments to insurers in return for more flexibility on state waivers and the ability to buy “ copper plans ” that include less coverage but are cheaper .
Murray added that they were still talking and she believes `` we can reach a deal quickly . ''
Trump had flirted with nixing the payments to insurers for months . His decision on Thursday night drew swift criticism Democrats , as well as some Republicans , who warned that the move could destabilize the individual insurance market .
Schumer said the decision would be `` devastating for millions of Americans '' and warned that Republicans will face backlash if Congress is n't able to pass a bill providing the payments .
`` Republicans in the House and Senate now own the healthcare system in this country from top to bottom , '' he said . `` Their destructive actions and the actions of the president are going to fall on their backs . ''
Image caption US new home construction activity is at its highest level for five years
US house building activity recovered strongly in November , nearly a third higher than in the same period last year , official figures show .
New construction of homes hit 1.091 million , up 29.6 % compared to November 2012 , the Commerce Department reported .
This is the fastest pace for five years .
But the pace of building permits - an indicator of likely future construction levels - fell 3.1 % in the month .
But this was still 7.9 % higher than the same period a year ago .
The unexpected surge in activity came despite mortgage rates remaining about 1 % higher than they were earlier in the year .
The average rate on a 30-year mortgage fell to 4.42 % recently , down from a peak of 4.6 % in August .
Rates rose after Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke hinted that the US central bank might begin reducing its $ 85bn ( £52bn ) a month bond-buying program before the end of the year .
The house building figures came as US investors awaited the Fed 's last policy announcement of the year , due later .
The Fed is expected to outline the future shape of its economic stimulus program .
In other economic news , Markit 's preliminary composite Purchasing Managers Index ( PMI ) showed that manufacturing and services activity continued to grow in December .
The index was 56.2 , unchanged from last month - a figure above 50 indicates growth .
Markit 's employment index leapt to 55.7 in December , after hitting an eight-month low of 52.4 in November .
This is the fastest rate of growth since Markit 's data collection began in late 2009 .
We love when tech pops up in new and interesting places , and that 's what we are seeing today with an upcoming product from Samsung . Samsung mirror displays have finally arrived , and the first one has been installed in an unlikely place .
Smart Mirrors are something many of us thought we would have by now , and the futuristic tech has been seen in concept form on the big screen for years . Sammy has been working on the technology for quite some time as well , and it appears the Samsung Smart Mirror may finally be ready to roll… at least in one locale .
A hair salon called Leekaja Hairbis in Seoul is the first business to have a Samsung Mirror Screen installed . As you can see , it 's quite large at 55-inches and offers up a unique take on the old haircut . Consumers will be able to see current hairstyles and color choices in the mirror , which can also display ads or simply give you an image of yourself the old fashioned way . As it 's connected , the possibilities are truly endless so checking out a new cut or color is just the tip of the iceberg .
While the Samsung Smart Mirror may seem like a lock for females at the hair salon , it 's also a great fit for the guys . You would never have to strain your peepers trying to get a glimpse of a sports score or news on a TV installed at an odd angle at your barbershop — it will be straight ahead . Obviously , hair salons are just one location that could benefit from Samsung Mirror Screens as plenty of other business could make use of the tech as well .
Being able to brush your teeth or comb your hair while catching up on the news in a mirror would be insanely cool , and it 's a future we could be living in sooner than later . At this time , there has been no word on a consumers release for the Samsung Mirror displays , but we will definitely keep you in the loop as more details surface .
Samsung
NEW figures have been released concerning tourist deaths in Thailand and they are so worrying that the local government has finally promised to work on improving visitor safety .
There was a 54 per cent jump in the number of tourist deaths at Australia 's much-loved holiday destination last year , according to a report by Thailand 's Bureau of Prevention and Assistance in Tourist Fraud .
Data collected from the ministry 's 10 regional offices showed that while 83 foreign travellers died in 2015 , another 166 were injured ( a drop of 160 per cent year on year ) .
While the main cause of death was road accidents ( 34 ) , swimming and boating accidents claimed nine lives , congenital disease six , suicides four , and other causes 30 .
The statistics showed that in 2015 , visitors had a 1 in 301,204 chance of dying in Thailand , including a 1 in 735,294 chance of being killed in a road crash .
However , figures from the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( DFAT ) over a similar time frame suggest this is just the tip of the iceberg . Between July 2014 , and June 2015 , DFAT recorded 109 deaths of Australians in Thailand , that 's not even factoring in tourists from other countries .
Either way , they are numbers that authorities say can not be ignored any longer .
Pongpanu Svetarundra , Sports and Tourism Ministry secretary , told the Bangkok Post : “ In the past , we did not deal with the root causes of the tourist safety problem . From now on , we will look at the issue and address it seriously . ”
Meetings have been held between government officials to address the issue , with a study on water accidents set to be conducted in Krabi , and road accident data will be gathered in Chiang Mai .
The report also listed some of the riskiest places in the country for swimming , scuba diving and driving , including :
• Tawan Beach on Pattaya 's Koh Larn ( Chon Buri )
• Chaweng Beach on Koh Samui ( Surat Thani )
• Mu Koh Similan ( Phangnga )
• Koh Hae ( Phuket )
• Highway 1095 from Chiang Mai to Pai district in Mae Hong Son
• Highway 118 from Chiang Mai to Chiang Rai
• Highways 2258 and 2296 to Khao Khor ( Phetchabun )
• Highway 4233 to Karon mountain ( Phuket )
Almost 30 million visitors flocked to Thailand last year , but it was ranked low on a recent list for safety and security in the Asia Pacific . It came in at 132nd place out of 141 countries in that category in the World Economic Forum 's Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Index 2015 .
TRAGEDY IN PARADISE
Last month , a British backpacker was found dead in mysterious circumstances on Thailand 's Koh Tao island , the same place two backpackers were found beaten to death in 2014 .
The body of Luke Miller , 24 , was found floating in a hotel swimming pool , reported the UK Telegraph . Before his death Miller had taken to social media to post about how much he was enjoying his trip .
“ Can honestly say this new year I am living the dream of to the full moon party on a speed boat drink cocktails strawberry daiquiris living life to the full yolo so let 's do this , ” he wrote .
He had been on a five-week holiday .
The island of Koh Tao is no stranger to tourist deaths . In 2014 the semi-naked bodies of British backpackers David Miller , 24 , and Hannah Witheridge , 23 , were found beaten to death on the beach . Witheridge was raped before her murder .
Two Burmese men were charged and sentenced to death over the killings .
DFAT 'S TRAVEL ADVICE FOR THAILAND
• The standard of medical facilities throughout Thailand varies . While private hospitals with international standard facilities can be found in major cities , services can be limited elsewhere . Private hospitals generally require confirmation of insurance or a guarantee of payment before admitting a patient . Costs can be very expensive .
• Motorcycle and other road accidents are very common in Thailand , including in resort areas such as Phuket , Pattaya and Koh Samui .
• Water-borne , foodborne , parasitic and other infectious diseases ( including tuberculosis , cholera , hepatitis , leptospirosis and typhoid ) are prevalent with outbreaks occurring from time to time . We advise you to boil all drinking water or drink bottled water , avoid ice cubes and raw and undercooked food , and avoid unpasteurised dairy products . Seek medical advice if you have a fever or are suffering from diarrhoea .
• Illness caused by naturally occurring seafood toxins such as ciguatera as well as scombroid ( histamine fish poisoning ) and toxins in shellfish can be a hazard .
• The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade strongly recommends that you take out comprehensive travel insurance that will cover any overseas medical costs , including medical evacuation , before you depart .
See more tips at DFAT 's website here .
A UN list of senior Syrian officials who should face investigation is reported to include the president , Bashar al-Assad
The UN has accused the Syrian regime of `` crimes against humanity '' – including the use of snipers against small children – and has drawn up a list of senior officials who should face investigation , reportedly including President Bashar al-Assad .
The UN report was delivered as two journalists injured in the attack that killed Sunday Times reporter Marie Colvin and French photographer Rémi Ochlik issued dramatic appeals to be evacuated from the besieged city of Homs , where they are trapped .
A video of Edith Bouvier , a reporter for Le Figaro who suffered serious leg injuries , was released by activists in the city who say she is too badly wounded to be moved without an ambulance and guarantee of safe passage . In a second video released shortly after , Sunday Times photographer Paul Conroy , who was also injured in the attack , made a similar appeal for evacuation .
Western officials urged Damascus to give immediate humanitarian access to trapped civilian populations in Homs and elsewhere , including the evacuation of the western journalists , but said the lack of a security council mandate meant they were powerless to provide assistance without the regime 's permission .
The UN report found evidence that `` army snipers and Shabbiha gunmen [ from pro-Assad militias ] posted at strategic points terrorised the population , targeting and killing small children , women and other unarmed civilians . Fragmentation mortar bombs were also fired into densely populated neighbourhoods . ''
It said : `` Security agencies continued to systematically arrest wounded patients in state hospitals and to interrogate them , often using torture , about their supposed participation in opposition demonstrations or armed activities . ''
The list of Syrian regime officials claimed to be involved in the crackdown will remain sealed until the alleged crimes can be investigated by an international human rights court . Such an investigation has so far been blocked by Russian and Chinese UN security council vetoes of concerted international action against the Damascus regime .
One commissioner who helped draw up the UN report , Yakin Ertürk , said : `` All the crimes we listed came from several consistent witness accounts and showed systematic abuses . ''
She said the list of the named top officials believed to be involved had been kept sealed because `` we are not a court . We could not investigate and sentence like a court .
`` So it has been deposited with the UN high commissioner for human rights . When and if these incidents are investigated by a court , it will be made available and provide an input into the investigation . ''
The UN inquiry said it found `` a reliable body of evidence '' implicating `` commanding officers and officials at the highest levels of government '' in the commission of `` crimes against humanity and other gross human rights violations '' . Although no names were released , Assad was reported to be top of the list .
The report also says rebel groups , known collectively as the Free Syrian Army , have committed torture and extra-judicial executions , but argues those violations are in no way `` comparable in scale and organisation '' to the abuses being carried out by the Assad regime , which have led to thousands of deaths .
`` I am appalled by the evidence that young children are being targeted by snipers , and that security forces continue to arrest and torture wounded patients in state hospitals , '' said Alistair Burt , the Foreign Office minister for the Middle East .
`` I am also very concerned at evidence of abuses by the Free Syrian Army , though the report makes clear these are on a far smaller scale than the widespread and systematic violations by the Syrian authorities . I call on all Syrians to respect human rights standards , end the violence immediately and ensure neutral and impartial access for humanitarian organisations to deliver desperately needed supplies and medical care. ``
Speaking in London , on the sidelines of a conference on Somalia , the French foreign minister , Alain Juppé , warned that the Assad regime would be held accountable for its crimes `` one day or another '' . He said : `` With every passing day it gets more revolting , scandalous and shameful . The regime is massacring its people . ''
The minister said he had received reports that the Syrian government had ordered the governor of Homs to lift the siege on the rebel-held parts of the city , but said he could not confirm the news . He said a meeting of the Friends of Syria group in Tunis would demand a ceasefire and for humanitarian access to be allowed to besieged civilians , but he warned the international community could not force its way in .
`` There is no military option at the moment on the table , '' said Juppé . `` We are hugely frustrated . I can understand the sense of impotence . The dead are piling up . I ca n't say it 's anything but a very deep source of anguish for me . We are doing everything we can , but we ca n't break the rules and act without the approval of the UN security council . ''
UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon and Arab League chief Nabil Elaraby on Thursday yesterday appointed Ban 's predecessor Kofi Annan as joint special envoy on the Syrian crisis .
Annan `` will provide good offices aimed at bringing an end to all violence and human rights violations , and promoting a peaceful solution to the Syrian crisis , '' a UN statement said .
Annan will also `` facilitate a peaceful Syrian-led and inclusive political solution that meets the democratic aspirations of the Syrian people through a comprehensive political dialogue between the Syrian government and the whole spectrum of the Syrian opposition . ''
Syrian forces continued their onslaught against opposition strongholds across the country , with heavy artillery barrages against Baba Amr , the district of Homs where Colvin and Ochlik were killed .
Opposition activist Omar Shaker told the Associated Press that food , water and medical supplies were running dangerously low . `` Every minute counts . People will soon start to collapse from lack of sleep and shortages in food , '' he said .
In a separate incident , opposition activists reported that government forces had lined up and shot dead 13 men and boys from one extended family in the village of Kfartoun in Hama province .
Chinese and Russian vetoes have complicated the international response to the humanitarian disaster unfolding in Homs and other Syrian cities in the line of fire as Assad 's forces seek to destroy rebel enclaves .
Western and Arab leaders will meet in Tunis on Friday , without Russian or Chinese participation , in an attempt to unify the opposition to the regime , increase pressure for a ceasefire and prepare humanitarian relief .
The latest developments come amid strong indications that UK and US officials are working behind the scenes to attempt to unify Syria 's fractured opposition .
Earlier this week the International Committee of the Red Cross called for temporary ceasefires so it could reach those trapped and wounded in the worst-affected areas .
The UN panel was denied entry to Syria by the government , which accused it of ignoring official information and exceeding its mandate .
The panel instead gathered much of its information from sources outside the country , including human rights activists and Syrian army defectors .
The report claims the ruling Ba'ath party 's national security bureau was responsible for translating government policies into military operations that led to the systematic arrest or killing of civilians .
It says the four main intelligence and security agencies reporting directly to Assad – military intelligence , air force intelligence , the general intelligence directorate and the political security directorate – `` were at the heart of almost all operations '' .
The report details how businessmen helped hire and arm informal pro-government militias known as the Shabbiha .
`` In a number of operations , the commission documented how Shabbiha members were strategically employed to commit crimes against humanity and other gross violations , '' it said .
The report also identifies 38 detention centres `` for which the commission documented cases of torture and ill-treatment since March 2011 '' .
UN list
A panel of United Nations investigators has accused regime officials `` at the highest level '' of human rights violations which could subject them to prosecution .
The UN report accuses the regime of systemic attacks on the political opposition , human rights defenders and the media . It also alleges there have been widespread patterns of arbitrary arrests , disappearances and abductions .
The names on the UN list are as yet confidential but they are likely to include the following leading members of Syria 's formidable security apparatus , who are alleged to have played prominent roles in the crackdown .
Major General Jumah Al-Ahmad
The commander of Syria 's special forces and one of the most influential figures in the country 's military . His unit is alleged to have played a key role disrupting rights protests with lethal force across the country .
Colonel Lu'ai Al-Ali
Head of Syrian military intelligence in Dera ' a . The south-western city near the border with Jordan was the birthplace of the Syrian uprising last March . Violence started when troops opened fire on demonstrators who had gathered to protest against the detention of children who had been accused of writing graffiti on town walls . Dera ' a remained a hub of dissent and regime-led violence throughout last summer .
Lt General Ali Abdullah Ayyub
The deputy chief of general staff ( personnel and manpower ) , who is the officer primarily responsible for moving military forces around Syria . He is seen as a logistical key to the crackdown .
Lt General Jasim Al-Furay
The chief of general staff and one of the most trusted advisers to President Bashar al-Assad . He has supervisory oversight across all of Syria 's military operations and is a key strategist and tactician .
General Aous Aslan
The head of a battalion in the Republican Guard . He is also a key adviser to Assad and to his brother , Maher al-Assad , who directs the fourth division of the Syrian Army , the unit that has been at the front line of most of the country 's flashpoint areas , particularly Dera ' a , Homs and Hama .
FloCombat 's hottest content , delivered to your inbox
The UFC 's light heavyweight title clash between Daniel Cormier and Anthony Johnson may have been cancelled at UFC 206 , but the division is not at a standstill.Flocombat have confirmed with sources close to the bout a fight between Glover Teixeira and Jimi Manuwa is being targeted for UFC 208 on January 21 at the Honda Center in Anaheim.Although both fighters are ranked in the elite tier of the division , it would be highly unlikely that a win for either man would put them ahead of Johnson in the light heavyweight pecking order . However , an impressive performance could very well put the winner in contention for a shot at the title later in the year.Teixeira is coming off the back of a devastating knockout to loss to Anthony Johnson back at UFC 202 in August . Prior to the loss to Johnson he 'd won three on the bounce over tough competition that included Ovince Saint Preux , Patrick Cummins and Rashad Evans . All three wins came inside the distance with one submission and two TKO/KO victories over Cummins and Evans.The Brazilian 's loss to Johnson at UFC 202 was the first time he 'd be beaten by knockout in over 14 years and it happened in dramatic circumstances with only 13 seconds on the clock . Should the fight be signed for UFC 208 , it will have been five months since the knockout and over two months since Teixeira 's initial medical suspension that stated he could not compete without doctor 's clearance until November 19.Oct 8 , 2016 ; Manchester , UK ; Ovince Saint Preux ( red gloves ) fights against Jimi Manuwa ( blue gloves ) during UFC 204 at Manchester Arena . Mandatory Credit : Per Haljestam-USA TODAY SportsManuwa on the other hand is coming off a big win at UFC 204 in Manchester . England where he defeated Ovince Saint Preux in style via a second-round knockout.Prior to that win , the British light heavyweight had been having a frustrating 2016 littered with injuries and setbacks . One unfortunate thing he has in common with Teixeira though is the fact that he too has suffered at the hands of Anthony Johnson back in December 2015 when he was also KO 'd by the Blackzilian.With that loss and all his injuries seemingly behind him now , Manuwa has built some nice momentum , and win over Teixeira in January could well propel himself nicely up the UFC light heavyweight rankings.Do n't miss breaking news , feature stories , event updates , and more . Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today .
At least 44 people are feared dead after a private bus swerved off a mountain road and plunged into a deep gorge in northern India 's Himachal Pradesh state , according to a government official .
The rescue operation is ongoing and casualties could increase , according to Rohan Chand Thakur , deputy commissioner of Shimla district , where the accident occurred on Wednesday .
`` Our officials , workers and medical teams have rushed to the spot for the rescue work . It 's not possible now to say the details , '' Thakur said .
The cause of the accident is not yet known .
The Indian Express daily reported that the bus skidded off the road and fell nearly 250 metres downhill .
Among the casualties are 10 women and three children .
OPINION : Why Indian cars are not driven by safety concerns
Only two people , including the ticket checker , survived the crash , according to Thakur .
He said that rescue teams were working to recover the wreckage from the gorge .
Driver fatigue , negligence , poor-quality roads and vehicle maintenance are the usual causes of such accidents in India .
Police figures show India has the world 's highest road accident death toll , with more than 110,000 people dying each year in crashes .
Imagine if the Voisey 's Bay nickel mine in Labrador had gone ahead without a deep water port to ship the ore to smelters .
Or if Hydro-Quebec had opened the floodgates on its massive James Bay project before installing transmission lines and lining up U.S. customers .
By the same token , you likely would n't buy a car if you lived in a roadless Newfoundland outport .
Story continues below advertisement
Sinking billions into extraction projects without lining up a dependable way to get the resource out is reckless , if not downright stupid .
Oh , wait . Is n't that the awkward spot Canada 's oil patch has put itself in ?
`` Access to tidewater '' is the new and increasingly forlorn mantra of oil executives and their political backers in Ottawa and the Western provinces .
There 's a sudden panic about the dearth of options to get that heavy crude to refiners , and ultimately to customers . Those concerns , at least according to Alberta , are in part driven by an unexpected surge in U.S. domestic energy production , with new technologies allowing for the exploitation of oil and natural gas trapped in shale formations .
Alberta Energy Minister Ken Hughes declared recently that securing market access for the province 's oil is his government 's `` single most important imperative . ''
There are now proposals for at least three different pipelines – to Atlantic Canada , to British Columbia , and of course , the stalled Keystone XL that would carry the heavy crude south to refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast .
But none of these pipelines offers relief in the medium and short-term . Even if approved , the pipelines will take years to complete . With options limited , producers are frantically talking of loading the stuff onto rail cars and barges . Pack mules and canoes may be next .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Producers are busily scaling back or cancelling oil sands projects , and if foreign buyers insist on a carbon tax , Alberta 's so-called `` bitumen bubble '' could grow much larger .
Where was the sense of urgency about pipelines when investors committed billions of dollars over the past decade to double the output of the oil sands ?
All this new crude did n't come on stream overnight . This crisis has been years in the making . So it should not come as a huge surprise to anyone paying attention that access to markets might be a problem in 2013 .
Oil sands production reached 1.6-million barrels per day in 2011 . Another 400,000 barrels per day will come on line by 2016 , and by 2020 , oil sands production is expected to double to 3.2-million barrels per day , according to the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers .
The industry 's inability to see the future is costing us now . The combination of an oil glut , limited pipeline capacity and dependence on a single customer – the U.S. – has opened up a 30-per-cent discount for oil sands crude that 's costing the industry as much as $ 18-billion a year . It 's also pushed Alberta , the former money-bags of Canada , into deficit and knocked the entire country 's economy off kilter .
To be fair , many people did not anticipate how fast shale oil extraction methods would come along , unexpectedly boosting U.S. domestic production and depressing demand for Canadian crude .
Story continues below advertisement
But other risks were well known in the industry , or should have been .
Cenovus Energy Inc. , like most publicly traded oil sands producers , highlighted the inherent risks of bitumen in its 2010 annual shareholder information circular . Among the perils , the company cited `` the availability and cost of export pipeline capacity '' and the limited markets for bitumen , which is `` more susceptible to supply and demand changes . ''
As it set a course to double output , the industry knew full well it was tied to one customer – the U.S. – and was highly dependent on limited pipeline capacity .
The tragedy is not today 's bitumen bubble , but the failure to get out ahead of the oil sands ' problems five years ago .
The industry should have been looking at pipelines to move oil to refineries on the East and West coasts well before now . Diversification of markets is a discussion that should have taken place in 2008 , not 2013 .
Now Canada looks like the hapless guy with the shiny new car in a town without roads . All that money invested and no way out .
Officials investigating two-alarm fire on 5th Ave in Troy as arson Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved Video
TROY , N.Y. ( NEWS10 ) – Firefighters spent hours battling a stubborn fire in Troy early Wednesday morning , a fire the Troy Police Department is now saying was arson .
It was a devastating morning for the owners of the AZ Grocery store after a fire that started in a vacant building nearby spread to their business .
Flames shot from the roof of the three-story building just before 3 a.m . Firefighters appeared to get the fire under control , but then flames once again began to shoot through the roof . The cycle repeated for more than three hours Monday morning .
Eleanor Meyers lives next door to the vacant building where the fire started . She said she never liked living next to the giant eyesore .
`` I smelled smoke in the house , and I looked out the window and it was all fire , '' she said . `` The whole building was all fire . ''
Crews were able to keep the fire away from Meyers 's house , but AZ Grocery was n't so lucky . After surveying the damage , the owners said they hope to salvage what 's left .
AZ Grocery store was severely damaged in Lansingburgh fire . Manager tells me he was worried about risks of being next to a vacant home @ WTEN pic.twitter.com/QtvGIxcULy — Lauren Linder ( @ lauren_linder ) July 5 , 2017
But there 's no saving the vacant home , which collapsed from within . It was demolished later in the day .
Wednesday morning , Troy Fire Chief Tom Garrett said he was not ruling anything out as a cause , and by Wednesday afternoon , the Troy Police Department announced it was investigating the fire as arson .
`` Just because it 's vacant does n't mean there was nobody in there , '' Chief Garrett said .
Arson has become a common crime in the area that 's plagued by vacant properties . Jeffrey Gordon lives in the neighborhood .
`` We certainly hope that this is n't the beginning of a long summer for the fire department , '' he said .
Gordon said the vacant buildings are easy targets for arsonists .
`` It 's the surrounding community that suffers and that is put in jeopardy , '' he said .
Vacant home destroyed in 5th Ave fire this morning in Lansingburgh is getting demolished . Troy Police calling it arson . @ WTEN pic.twitter.com/bfc1rXYTMo — Lauren Linder ( @ lauren_linder ) July 5 , 2017
Meyers said she believes the fire was set .
`` Somebody started it , '' she said .
But despite all the conjecture , Meyers said she is happy she and her home are unharmed , especially on the day she celebrates a major milestone , her 82nd birthday .
Meyers has insurance , and other than a messy yard , she will be okay .
The Troy Police Department is asking for help from the public finding the person who may have started the fire .
Anyone with information regarding the fire , or any nearby businesses or residents with security cameras who may have captured footage in the area between 1 a.m. and 3 a.m. , should contact the Troy Police Department at 518-270-4402 .
This is the first alpha gameplay of Goat Simulator , a game created by Coffee Stain Studios . You play a goat that runs around performing stunts . You ever stared a goat in the eye before ? They have those weird rectangular pupils . I 've always wanted a pet goat but I 've never had the land to keep one . Sometimes I think I 'd be happier out in the country with a farmhouse and a bunch of acreage . Just live off the fat of the land , raise my own food , start a cult -- the simple life . `` Did you say start a cult ? '' Not if you do n't want to join I did n't .
Keep going for the video .
Thanks to everyone who sent this , all of which were all super stoked about their goat dreams finally coming true .
It really is not that easy being a fan of Jason Molina . Like kindred spirit Mark Kozelek of the Red House Painters , Sun Kil Moon etc he has had some difficulty settling on a band name . Thus his 2003 masterpiece ( I use the term with a sense of understatement ) was from his earlier band Songs : Ohia and entitled `` Magnolia Electric Co '' . It is one of my favourite albums ever and showed that Molina is the one of the natural heirs to Neil Young although he would argue that Black Sabbath is an equal inspiration ! It is Americana gold and includes the wonderful `` Farewell Transmission '' and two excellent songs written by Molina but sung by different band members `` The old black hen '' and the desolate `` Peoria Lunch Box Blues '' .
Since that time Molina has adopted the name Magnolia Electric Co for his band and pushes out albums at such a rate it makes Ryan Adams look positively lethargic . Indeed this is Molina 's second album out this year the other recorded with Centro-matic 's Will Johnson entitled `` Twenty cycles to the ground '' . Magnolia Electric Co is his main vehicle however and `` Josephine '' is bar far the best since the Songs : Ohia epic
`` Josephine '' is a very loose concept album dedicated to Evan Farrell the bands former bassist who died in a house fire in 2007 . It feels like an album haunted by ghosts and throughout it is thoughtful and sparse . Molina can on occasions rock it up like a Crazy horse or the Drive by Truckers but in Josephine we find him in a more reflective and temperate mood . This is his `` Tonight 's the Night '' and like that record it repays detailed and attentive listening . The highlights are many .
O ! Grace kicks off the album in great style including a nice sax solo and in one sense signals an intention by Molina to move away from trying to produce classic rock albums with huge chugging riffs to something more rewarding and subtle . Indeed the first real standout is the title track a bright country song that has a great vocal by Molina . The real highlights however are the stunningly beautiful ballad `` Shenandoah '' indeed when he sings `` tonight little darling my hearts with you '' it is achingly sad . If Johnny Cash was still alive he would cover it and would in a fairer world become a country standard . The same is true of `` Whip poor will '' which is more slightly more upbeat in tempo until you listen carefully to the lyrics as Molina tells us that we should -
`` Count every rhododendron in this cool mountain light
i made more mistakes than that just tonight
so all of you folks in heaven not too busy ringing the bell
some of us down here ai n't doing very well
some of us with our windows open in the southern cross motel ''
The slide guitar in the song borders on perfection but the real corker comes in the albums second half namely `` Little Sad Eyes '' . Underpinned by a Hammond organ and with a beautifully produced `` live '' feel by Steve Albini this must be the direction of travel for Molina . It is sinister and lovely at the same time and crys out to soundtrack a film . Again Neil Young `` Tonight 's the Night '' is the reference point and this is taken to its logical conclusion in the harrowing `` Knoxville Girl ''
Perhaps if I have a criticism the album is very long and for some will be too relentlessly dispiriting . Molina himself recognises in `` Shiloh '' that `` the only bridge I have n't burnt is the one I 'm standing on '' and throughout the album makes little concessions in terms of light and shade . There are no great rock outs here such as the `` Dark do n't hide it '' or `` John Henry split this heart '' . But lets stop here since I am being disingenuous . Josephine is a beautiful record about loss , fragility , desire , misfortunate , regret and faith . Its serious music for serious times and utterly compelling .
Just how prolific are Thee Oh Sees ? By the end of August , the John Dwyer led outfit will have released two new records , and one of those is only the first entry in a series . We 're talking in particular about Live in San Francisco , part one of a pummeling live collection recorded over three nights at San Francisco 's The Chapel . Due out July 1st from Dwyer 's own Castle Face Records , the LP/DVD not only allows fans to bring home the band 's thrashing live show , it actually previews their next studio effort , August 12th 's A Weird exit .
Track 10 on Live in San Francisco is actually a live version of track five on A Weird Exits , a throbbing , Dungeons & Dragons-referencing cut known as “ Gelatinous Cube ” . Dwyer 's frantic guitars roll and crash like the waves of some sort of psychedelic nightmare , a ride you 're terrified to be on but too thrilled by to want to stop . For many listeners , this is the first time you 've been able to hear Thee Oh Sees ' new might as Dwyer is backed by dual drummers Ryan Moutinho and Dan Rincon and the furious low end of bassist Tim Hellman ; considering how massive it all sounds on this live recording , one can only anticipate the pure power of its studio version .
Take a listen to “ Gelatinous Cube ” below .
Pre-orders for Live in San Francisco , which comes with a DVD shot by Brian Lee Hughes and Casey Anderson , are going on via Castle Face . Find the album art and tracklist below , followed by Thee Oh Sees ' forthcoming tour dates .
Live in San Francisco Artwork :
Live in San Francisco Tracklist :
01 . I Come From The Mountain
02 . The Dream
03 . Tunnel Time
04 . Tidal Wave
05 . Web
06 . Man In A Suitcase
07 . Toe Cutter Thumb Buste
08 . Withered Hand
09 . Sticky Hulk
10 . Gelatinous Cube
11 . Contraption
Thee Oh Sees 2016 Tour Dates :
06/18 – Vancouver , BC @ LEVITATION Vancouver
06/25 – Oakland , CA @ Burger Boogaloo
07/30 – Denver , CO @ Underground Music Showcase
08/05-07 – Happy Valley , OR @ Pickathon Festival
08/14 – Helsinki , FI @ Flow Festival
08/16 – Stockholm , SE @ Debaser
08/18 – Parades , PT @ Parades de Coura Festival
08/19 – Hasset , BE @ Pukkelpop
08/20 – Berlin , DE @ Columbia Theatre
08/21 – Biddinghuizen , NL @ Lowlands Festival
08/23 – Prague , CZ @ Futurum Music Bar
08/24 – Zurich , CZ @ Mascotte
08/25 – Geneva , CH @ Palp Festival
08/26 – Asolo , IT @ Amo Festival
08/27 – Ravenna , IT @ Hana-Bi
08/31 – Tel Aviv , IL @ Arena
09/02 – London , UK @ Coronet
09/03 – Leeds , UK @ University Stylus
09/04 – Dorset , UK @ End of the Road Festival
09/06 – Biarritz , FR @ Atabal
09/08 – Valada , PT @ Reverence Festival
09/09 – Granada , ES @ Planta Benja
09/10 – Benidorm , ES @ Fuzzville
09/12 – Barcelona , ES @ Apolo
09/13 – Toulouse , FR @ Bikini
09/14 – Paris , FR @ La Cigale
09/15 – Lille , FR @ Aeronef
10/08 – Miami , FL @ III Points Festival
10/14-16 – Joshua Tree , CA @ Desert Daze
11/01 – Tucson , AZ @ Rialto Theatre
11/02 – El Paso , TX @ Lowbrow Palace
11/05 – New Orleans , LA @ One Eyed Jack 's
11/06 – Memphis , TN @ The Hi Tone Cafe
11/07 – Nashville , TN @ Mercury Lounge
11/09 – Asheville , NC @ Grey Eagle Tavern & Music Hall
11/10 – Philadelphia , PA @ Underground Arts
11/11 – New York , NY @ Bowery Ballroom
11/13 – Brooklyn , NY @ Warsaw
11/15 – Providence , RI @ Aurora
11/16 – Montreal , QC @ La Tulipe
11/17 – Toronto , ON @ Danforth Theater
11/18 – Cleveland , OH @ Beachland Ballroom
11/19 – Chicago , IL @ Thalia Hall
11/23 – Missoula , MT @ Stage 112
11/25 – Seattle , WA @ Neumos
Trees are racist ( but do n't worry ; the Wood Man is on the job )
Hoping to give my wife and me and our golden retriever Sparky a better view of the mountains , I hired Don The Wood Man to widen the meadow in back of our house . Trees started coming down , brush got pushed to the side , and logs were stacked to be taken to the mill , from where , one assumes , they 'll proceed to be made into furniture .
But what I failed to realize was that in the bizarro world of Barack Obama 's Washington , this very hardworking guy was , on my dime , also striking a blow for racial justice . Because in an article by Daniel Greenfield on Frontpagemag.com , I learned that Obama 's government considers trees racist . Here 's the relevant paragraph : … Alcee Hastings , an impeached judge , and a coalition of minority groups is demanding increased “ inclusiveness ” at national parks . High on their list is the claim that , “ African-Americans have felt unwelcome and even fearful in federal parklands during our nation 's history because of the horrors of lynching. ” What do national parks have to do with lynchings ? Many national parks have trees . People were hung from trees . It 's racial guilt by arboreal association . Trees are racist down to their roots . A point of view advocated by the Forest Service 's senior spokesman whose last name , believe it or not , is Fearn . A man who in all logic must also want to ban Arbor Day as a legacy of Jim Crow and , just like the Confederate monuments this administration has such a problem with , cast down and smash every statue everywhere of Johnny Appleseed , Joyce Kilmer , and Frederick Law Olmstead . So yes , Grandma and Grandpa , you were right all along . The inmates are definitely running this insane asylum . Richard F. Miniter is the author of The Things I Want Most , Random House , BDD . See it here . He lives and writes in the colonial-era hamlet of Stone Ridge , New York ; blogs here ; and can also be reached at miniterhome @ gmail.com .
The number of giant pandas living in the wild has increased by nearly 17 per cent over the last decade , according to a survey by the Chinese government released on Saturday .
The census , conducted by the State Administration of Forestry , found 1,864 giant pandas were living in the wild by the end of 2013 , an increase of 268 animals since the last survey in 2003 .
Wild giant pandas are found only in China 's Sichuan , Shaanxi and Gansu provinces . The survey found that the area inhabited by the endangered species increased by nearly 12 per cent since the last survey to over 2.5 million hectares .
John Baker , head of India and China regions at WWF-UK , said the population increase `` is a demonstration of the successful conservation actions taken by the government and the people of China '' .
`` Much of this success is due to the implementation of policy changes including banning commercial logging in panda habitats and more effective management of forest protected areas . ''
While traditional threats to pandas such as poaching appear to be in decline the animals remain vulnerable to dangers of the modern era .
China has 67 panda nature reserves but 33 per cent of the wild population live outside these protected areas . They face an increasingly fragmented habitat , or isolation imposed by physical barriers .
Other man-made infrastructure encroaching on the panda 's habitat included 319 hydropower plants , nearly 170 miles of high-voltage electrical cables and 25 tourist sites .
The survival of 223 wild pandas is deemed at high risk , the survey said .
`` There are still outstanding conflicts between the protection of the giant pandas and their habitats and the local socioeconomic development , '' said Chen Fengxue , deputy head of the forestry bureau , according to Xinhua .
`` It can be concluded that the protection of giant pandas is still quite an arduous task , '' Chen added .
China takes the protection of its wild giant pandas seriously . The survey is the fourth in a series of decadal surveys and took 2,000 people 33 months to complete .
The country has also ramped up efforts to encourage its captive panda population to breed . There were 375 captive giant pandas at the end of 2013 , more than double the 164 counted in the 2003 survey .
For decades China has used its pandas to bolster relations with foreign countries , a practice known as panda diplomacy dating back to the Tang dynasty when Empress Wu Zetian ( 624-705 ) sent pandas to Japan .
In 1972 a pair of pandas procured during US president Nixon 's visit to China helped thaw diplomatic relations after decades of isolationism by the Communist state .
Some 42 pandas and cubs are currently on loan to 12 countries .
FOXBORO , MASS . ( KTVU ) -- Police near Boston , Massachusetts made a disturbing discovery outside the home of the Super Bowl champion , New England Patriots .
Officers found an assortment of weapons in a car , at the employee parking lot at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro , Massachusetts .
Items included a stun gun , swords and a rusty meat cleaver .
Police have made an arrest . Local reports say the suspect is a 48-year-old Connecticut man .
He will be arraigned on Monday , on charges , including trespassing , disorderly conduct and assault with a dangerous weapon .
Police say this is an isolated incident , and not part of some larger threat .
The discovery was made Friday , just hours before the Winter Classic , a nationally-televised NHL game between
the Boston Bruins and the Montreal Canadiens , at the football stadium .
The stomach bug norovirus has become infamous for sickening hundreds of passengers on cruise ships . But it 's also possible to catch the virus , which causes vomiting , diarrhea and nausea , while swimming , say , in your local lake , river or town pool , according to a report released Thursday by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The center 's report highlighted an outbreak of norovirus that sickened 70 people in Oregon in July 2014 , which it linked to a contaminated lake that people had been using for recreation , including swimming . Those who swam in the lake were 2.3 times more likely to get sick than those who did not go in the water , the CDC found .
Norovirus is highly contagious and can be passed from one person to another through contaminated foods or surfaces , notes the CDC . Far beyond its penchant for striking cruise ship passengers , the virus is fairly common and accounts for 19 million to 21 million cases of sickness in the U.S. every year .
But how did so many visitors who went swimming at Blue Lake Regional Park in Oregon last summer get sick ? Experts theorized that a swimmer who had been sick with norovirus vomited or had diarrhea in the lake , contaminating water that others then swallowed .
`` Keeping germs out of the water in the first place is key to keeping everyone healthy and helping to keep the places we swim open all summer , '' said Michael Beach , associate director for healthy water at the CDC .
After the outbreak in Oregon last July , the lake was closed for 10 days . Most of those who were sickened were children aged 4 to 10 years . Swimming areas that are not treated with chlorine , such as lakes and ponds , are riskier than those that are , such as pools that have been properly maintained .
As spring heats up into summer and the swimming season begins , the CDC recommends that people avoid swimming if they had been sick and that children be taken on bathroom breaks to prevent accidents in the water . It also suggested swimmers avoid swallowing water from lakes and pools .
By Tasnim News Agency
Officials from Iran and Saudi Arabia reached an agreement about the dispatch of Iranian pilgrims to the Arab county for next year 's Hajj rituals .
During a visit to Saudi Arabia , Head of Iran 's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organization Alireza Rashidian held meetings with officials from the kingdom 's Ministry of Hajj and Umrah about the 2019 Hajj season .
The two sides signed an agreement at the conclusion of the meetings , aimed at making better arrangements for the Iranian pilgrims and preventing the problems they faced in previous years .
Based on the document , Iran 's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organization will open a mission in Saudi Arabia , issuing visa for Iranians will be facilitated , and members of Iranian executive and consular teams will be deployed to the kingdom in due time .
The agreement stipulates that 86,500 Iranian pilgrims would go on pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in the coming Hajj season .
In 2016 , more than 1.8 million pilgrims attended Hajj , but Iranians stayed at home after tensions between Riyadh and Tehran boiled over following a deadly crush of people during the 2015 pilgrimage .
On September 2 , 2015 , thousands of people lost their lives in the deadly crush after Saudi authorities blocked a road in Mina during a ritual , forcing large crowds of pilgrims to collide .
The crush was the deadliest incident in the history of the pilgrimage . According to an Associated Press count based on official statements from the 36 countries that lost citizens in the disaster , more than 2,400 pilgrims were killed in the incident .
Saudi Arabia claims nearly 770 people were killed , but officials at Iran 's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organization say about 4,700 people , including over 460 Iranian pilgrims , lost their lives .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A high-speed crash in Santa Ana left one person dead , two injured , and two more sought by police Monday morning .
Two cars were involved in the crash that occurred about 2 a.m. near the intersection of North Bristol Street and West 1st Street , Sgt . Oliver Grant with the Santa Ana Police Department confirmed .
A red Mustang was traveling eastbound on West First Street when it was T-boned by a silver Mercedes-Benz that was traveling southbound on North Bristol Street , Cmdr . Enrique Esparza of the Police Department said .
Witnesses initially reported the collision as a possible street race , but investigators at the scene ruled that out based on the way the cars collided .
One of the drivers likely ran a red light , but it was unclear which one , according to investigators .
The driver of the Mustang died at the scene , Esparza confirmed . The driver 's identity has not been released .
Two people traveling in the Mercedes-Benz were taken to a local hospital , according to Esparza . Their conditions were unknown .
“ We believe there may have been more occupants in that vehicle , ” Esparza said .
Police were searching for two people who fled the scene following the crash , Grant said .
Video showed the Mustang and the Mercedes-Benz were both badly damaged following what was described by investigators as a high-speed collision .
North Bristol Street was closed in both directions at West 1st Street during the investigation , which was expected to take several hours .
In a serious blow to California 's three-strikes law , a federal appeals court has ruled that life in prison for shoplifting is cruel and unusual punishment .
Thursday 's decision by a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals is expected to overturn the sentences of 340 people serving life terms for shoplifting . It also may spark appeals from inmates serving life for other nonviolent offenses in California , one of a number of states where `` three-strikes '' laws permit long sentences for criminals convicted of a third felony .
The California law is the harshest of those repeat offender statutes . It lets judges sentence defendants to 25 years-to-life for any felony conviction if they have already been convicted of two serious or violent felonies . A serious felony could include burglary of an unoccupied house or shoplifting .
The first case decided Thursday involved Richard Brown , who was sentenced to life after being convicted of stealing a $ 25 car alarm in San Joaquin County . Brown 's first felony was for robbery in which he used a knife and injured a victim . His other conviction was for hitting a woman with a pistol .
The other case involved Earnest Bray , who has four Los Angeles County robbery convictions , some of them with force . He was given a life term after shoplifting three videotapes .
`` Our decision does not hold the California three strikes law unconstitutional , only its application to mandate a 25-year-to-life sentence for petty theft offenses , '' Judge Marsha Berzon wrote for the panel .
The ruling comes three months after a different three-judge panel from the same circuit ruled the three-strikes law could produce unconstitutionally cruel and unusual sentences .
The November ruling overturned a 50-year-to-life term for a San Bernardino County shoplifter . But that opinion  the first time any court declared a sentence unconstitutional under California 's three-strikes law  remained silent on the politically charged question of whether all defendants sentenced to life for shoplifting could be affected .
The appeals court on Thursday clarified that question , expressly stating that shoplifters could not get a life term under the statute .
Erwin Chemerinsky , a University of Southern California legal scholar who argued the two cases decided Thursday , said the decision will spark a flood of new legal challenges .
`` I think what you 'll see by the defense bar is lawyers arguing that other nonviolent crimes used for a life sentence is unconstitutional , '' Chemerinsky said . `` The punishment has to fit the crime . ''
California prosecutors , who can opt not to charge a third strike under the stiff sentencing guidelines , vigorously fought to uphold the sentences . They argued that voters had approved the law and the defendants in the two cases decided Thursday had violent pasts .
`` It is a blow to the law , yes , '' said Stephanie A. Miyoshi , a deputy attorney general who argued one of the cases .
In the three-stries case decided in November and the two cases decided Thursday , the judges did not indicate what sentence would be considered constitutional for shoplifting . That means more litigation will follow to determine what the appropriate sentences are for California 's 340 shoplifters serving life terms .
`` We can only guess , '' Miyoshi said . The state is considering appealing the case to the U.S. Supreme Court , she said .
California voters and lawmakers approved the three-strikes law amid public furor over the 1993 kidnap and murder of 12-year-old Polly Klaas of Petaluma . Richard Allen Davis , a repeat offender on parole at the time of the kidnapping , was convicted of murdering Klaas and sentenced to death .
Last month , some lawmakers and activists said they were considering floating a statewide voter initiative that would make the three-strike rule kick in only for violent felonies .
By DAVID KRAVETS
©MMII The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed
Police in Ferguson , Missouri , arrested two reporters Wednesday night as protests over the police shooting of an unarmed teenager continued for the fifth day . The journalists , the Washington Post 's Wesley Lowery and the Huffington Post 's Ryan Reilly , were only detained for about 15 minutes before being released , but the incident provoked widespread outrage over the Ferguson police 's increasingly brutal tactics .
In a first-person account of the incident , Lowery wrote that armed officers stormed a McDonald 's in which he and Reilly were working and demanded to see ID . They then told Lowery to stop video recording them , and finally they ordered the reporters to leave and claimed they were n't leaving fast enough . According to other reports , the Ferguson police also demanded that an MSNBC camera man and a local Fox News crew take down their cameras . Police hit the crew of Al Jazeera America with tear gas and dismantled their gear .
In an editor 's note following the story about Lowery 's arrest , Washington Post editor Marty Baron wrote , “ The physical risk to Wesley himself is obvious and outrageous . ”
It was also illegal .
The arrest and intimidation of journalists for documenting the events in Ferguson is particularly disturbing because it interferes with the ability of the press to hold the government accountable . But actually , anyone—journalist or otherwise—can take a photo of a police officer .
Shifting energy landscape presents unique economic concerns , the governor of the Bank of England says . Photo by Reinhard Tiburzy/Shutterstock
LONDON , Sept. 30 ( UPI ) -- Shifting to a low-carbon economy carries with it unique concerns for investors on both sides of the energy debate , the Bank of England 's governor said .
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney told an audience at Lloyd 's of London that investors need take a hard look at the shifting energy landscape .
`` We do n't need an army of actuaries to tell us that the catastrophic impacts of climate change will be felt beyond the traditional horizons of most actors -- imposing a cost on future generations that the current generation has no direct incentive to fix , '' he said .
A late 2014 report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found emissions of carbon dioxide , a potent greenhouse gas , from the combustion of fossil fuels accounted for 78 percent of the total emissions increase from 1970 to 2010 .
RELATED TransCanada tries new legal route for Keystone XL
The IPCC report said warming trends could slow under a scenario in which renewable energy grows from roughly 30 percent of the energy share to 80 percent by 2050 . Carney estimates the shift away from fossil fuels would leave at least 20 percent of the world 's total proven energy reserves unburned .
About 20 percent of companies listed on the FTSE 100 Index are fossil fuel extractors and 11 percent are utility companies , a share Carney said highlights the economic consequences of a low-carbon future .
`` The exposure of U.K. investors , including insurance companies , to these shifts is potentially huge , '' he said .
RELATED Chesapeake latest oil price casualty
The potential , meanwhile , for investments in alternative energy resources are significant for long-term investors , though Carney said green financing is , as it stands , a niche interest focused on the medium term .
`` In other words , an abrupt resolution of the tragedy of horizons is in itself a financial stability risk , '' he said . `` The more we invest with foresight ; the less we will regret in hindsight . ''
`` We love to see peer-to-peer sharing more than just a mild 'like ' or just getting enough interaction to get someone to click a like button or smiley face , '' he said . `` We like ideas getting their own gravity by being shared . A big way we do that is to try and put work out there that has a little bit of tension , that could be a bit polarizing for one audience . ''
For example , Deutsch launched an Angel Soft campaign for single mothers that wished them a happy Father 's Day for being `` soft and strong supporting parents . '' Gallagher said a group that supported men 's rights became angry , saying that Angel Soft was taking away the one holiday for men . Because social media can spread sentiment far and fast , Gallagher said that the fringe group became vocal even though they did n't represent the sentiment of the majority .
`` There is an overpresent minority that tends to talk a lot more and rile things up in a lot of people , '' Gallagher said . `` They 're going to get our idea in front of people that do n't agree with them , and share the ideas that our brand shares . ( Those people who do n't agree ) are who we 're looking to connect with . If there are people that do n't share our values , that 's OK . ''
Sandwick pointed out other campaigns that took negativity and turned them positive , including agency Droga5 's `` Honey Maid : Love '' ad . The company took anti-LGBT comments made on a previous Honey Maid ad called `` This is Wholesome '' that featured gay and lesbian couples , printed them out and created a paper sculpture of the word `` love '' out of the hateful sentiments . It 's been viewed more than 4.3 million times on YouTube . The original ad has now been viewed almost 8.2 million times .
`` I think it 's always going to be critical not to let consumers dictate how brands behave , but how brands listen to consumers should dictate what is important to them , '' Sandwick said .
Greater Manchester Police have confirmed the explosion at Monday night 's Ariana Grande concert at Manchester City Arena was a terror attack , with the perpetrator dying in the explosion . The death toll has risen from 19 to 22 , and children are confirmed amongst the dead .
At least 22 people have been confirmed dead and 59 people injured in the attack are being treated across 8 hospitals in the Greater Manchester area . The suicide bombing is the biggest terror attack on British soil since the 7/7 terror attack more than 10 years ago .
Concert goers were exiting the venue , which has a capacity of 18,000 , following a concert by American pop star Ariana Grande when an explosion took place at around 10:30 pm . Manchester Arena said the incident happened outside the venue “ in a public place ” , whilst others said it happened close to the ticket offices in the foyer area .
Eye witnesses report hearing “ huge bangs ” and describe a stampede with people “ running and screaming ” from the arena , some covered in blood , the Manchester Evening News reports .
Paramedics described “ shrapnel-like injuries ” to victims .
Eyewitness accounts reveal horror of Manchester Arena explosion following Ariana Grande concerthttps : //t.co/kT7I7EUmwB pic.twitter.com/UNIXtx4EYn — BBC Breaking News ( @ BBCBreaking ) May 23 , 2017
Ariana Grande 's fan base is mostly young girls and teenagers . Police have confirmed children were amongst the dead . Several young people have been reported missing following the explosion , with friends and family reaching out on social media appealing for information .
broken .
from the bottom of my heart , i am so so sorry . i do n't have words . — Ariana Grande ( @ ArianaGrande ) May 23 , 2017
Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police Ian Hopkins said it was believed that the attacker – a lone male who died at the scene – was carrying an improvised explosive device .
In a statement released Tuesday morning , Chief Constable Hopkins said : “ We have been treating this as a terrorist incident and we believe , at this stage , the attack last night was conducted by one man . The priority is to establish whether he was acting alone or as part of a network .
“ The attacker , I can confirm , died at the arena . We believe the attacker was carrying an improvised explosive device which he detonated causing this atrocity .
“ We would ask people not to speculate on his details or to share names . There is a complex and wide ranging investigation underway .
“ Our priority is to work with the National Counterterrorist Policing Network and UK intelligence services to establish more details about the individual who carried out this attack . ”
Investigators are trying to establish whether the terrorist was part of a wider network .
A cordon will remain in place around Manchester Arena and Victoria Train Station for some time whilst a forensic search is undertaken .
Home Secretary Amber Rudd called the incident a “ barbaric attack ” and will attend an emergency meeting of the Government 's crisis response committee , COBRA , chaired by Prime Minister Theresa May Tuesday morning .
Prime Minister May said her thoughts were with the victims and families of those affected and has condemned “ what is being treated by the police as an appalling terrorist attack ” .
Emergency numbers have been established by Greater Manchester Police for anyone who is concerned for loved ones who may not have returned home 0161 856 9400 or 0161 856 9900 .
David Darnell Brown ( born March 15 , 1981 ) , [ 1 ] best known by his stage name Young Buck , is an American rapper . Buck is a former member of the hip hop group UTP Playas . As a music executive , he heads his own record label , Cashville Records , and is currently a member of the hip hop group G-Unit .
Contents
Early life Edit
Around the age of 12 , Brown began rapping . A few years later , he performed for Brian `` Baby '' Williams , co-founder of Cash Money . After several years on and off of Cash Money , Brown and fellow rapper Juvenile decided to leave the label for good in 2000 [ 2 ] and go to UTP , where Brown stayed until 2003 . One of his early appearances was on the song `` Memphis , '' where he was featured along with Three 6 Mafia , Project Pat , and other southern rappers . His deal with UTP later led to a meeting with New York rapper 50 Cent , who later signed him to G-Unit Records , under Interscope .
Music career Edit
Personal life Edit
Financial problems Edit Brown filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection in August 2010 , [ 23 ] shortly after an IRS raid on his home . His bankruptcy lawyer later told The City Paper that he was planning to sue Curtis Jackson ( 50 Cent ) and other parties over the record contract dispute . [ 24 ] The IRS made plans to auction off Young Buck 's seized property on October 28 , 2010 , [ 25 ] but his legal counsel filed suit to halt the sale , while simultaneously re-filing a revised bankruptcy petition that no longer referenced a $ 5 million legal claim against 50 Cent and other parties associated with G Unit . [ 26 ] In the lawsuit , [ 27 ] Young Buck said the studio equipment taken in the raid was `` directly tied to '' his `` ability to generate income in order to reorganize the estate . '' He stated that the seizure of property that belonged to his children had `` created great stress in the home '' and `` within the common law marriage of the debtor plaintiff . '' He told the court he needed to get back the property belonging to the family . Young Buck 's attorney was able to convince the court that he would be selling real estate worth $ 638,500 to begin paying the back taxes due . At a hearing on October 26 , 2010 , plans for the IRS auction were at least temporarily stopped . Young Buck announced the outcome with a Tweet . Young Buck was under Chapter 7 , Young Buck 's assets were to be sold and distributed among his creditors . [ 28 ] On July 25 and 26 , a public auction was held at the estate that Young Buck owns . Property to be sold includes Watches , a 50 Cent Plaque , Artwork , a soda machine , his studio equipment , and more . [ 29 ] Shooting Edit In 2000 , Young Buck was shot multiple times during a home invasion at his home in Nashville , Tenn . The assailants were in search of narcotics . Buck required a blood transfusion at Vanderbilt hospital as a result of the life-threatening injuries . [ 30 ] Drive-by shooting Edit Early Sunday morning on March 4 , 2012 , Young Buck was targeted in a drive-by shooting . According to Nashville police , via WSMV-TV Channel 4 , at approximately 3:30 am , a white Chevrolet Tahoe crept past the rapper 's SUV and opened fire , hitting the vehicle 11 times . Buck , who was back in his hometown to work on new music , was n't injured . Police said all parties involved in the argument left the club at the same time . [ 31 ] After a couple of days of silence , Buck took to his Twitter to address the situation . `` We all go through things in life , '' the former G-Unit star tweeted . `` The things I 'm experiencing are Truly making me a Better and Stronger man . # GodisGood . `` [ 32 ] [ 33 ] Legal issues Edit After an IRS raid on Buck 's Nashville home in 2010 , authorities found a .40 caliber Glock 22 as well as ammunition . The raid followed reports that the rapper had an outstanding $ 300,000 tax debt , and because he 's a convicted felon , Buck is prohibited from possessing any firearms . Back in 2005 , he pleaded no contest to assault with a chance to produce bodily injury after he stabbed a man while trying to defend Dr. Dre at the 2004 Vibe Awards . [ 34 ] On July 13 , 2012 , Buck was sentenced to 18 months in prison on weapon charges , a sentence that he began on August 6 , 2012 . Until then Buck had remained at his Nashville home on House Arrest with a monitoring bracelet strapped around his ankle . He served his 18 months in Yazoo City Low Security Federal Prison in Southern Mississippi , and was released on October 1 , 2013 . [ 35 ] On July 20 , 2016 , he sent a threatening text to his ex-girlfriend and showed up and kicked down the door without touching anything . Buck was arrested on July 21 , 2016 for threatening to burn down the ex-girlfriend 's apartment . He was released on a $ 5,000 bond . [ 36 ]
Controversy Edit
VIBE Awards Stabbing Edit On November 15 , 2004 , Jimmy James Johnson approached Dr. Dre at the VIBE Awards and reportedly asked for an autograph before Dr. Dre was about to go on stage . After Dr. Dre declined , Johnson punched him on the back of the head before running towards the nearest exit . A brawl ensued with several uniformed police officers attempting to break up the fight . Chairs were thrown , and it was alleged that Young Buck stabbed Johnson in the chest with a knife . [ 37 ] After video evidence was uncovered from the awards ceremony , the Santa Monica Police Department issued an arrest warrant for him . [ 38 ] In a preliminary hearing , it was ruled that there was enough evidence to proceed with a jury trial . However , in December 2005 , a deal was reportedly struck that would see Young Buck avoid trial . [ 39 ] The Game Edit After The Game was kicked out of G-Unit allegedly for being disloyal , Young Buck as well as new West Coast G-Unit rapper Spider Loc who had signed to G-Unit Records in September 2004 , called him to task for dissing the group and label . The Game then released a track entitled `` 300 Bars '' which insulted both Spider Loc and Young Buck . Young Buck then released a track called `` The Real Bitch Boy '' , which featured Spider Loc and used a beat from The Game 's track , `` Where I 'm From '' . In the song , Young Buck talks about how he did not even know The Game when he mentions The Game 's name on `` Poppin ' Them Thangs '' . Also , Young Buck talks about The Game being a male stripper and also how 50 Cent helped The Game to be successful with his album The Documentary . The feud has continued to escalate , with there being an exchange of many tracks . In February 2007 , The Game and Young Buck got into a non-physical altercation at a club , during the NBA All-Star Weekend in Las Vegas . The last time that they were seen together was when The Game was part of G-Unit . [ 40 ] After being dismissed from G-Unit , Young Buck appeared on a remix to The Game 's song Game 's Pain , [ 41 ] as well as appearing in the music video to the song My Life , which featured another former rival , Lil Wayne . [ 42 ] A mixtape by The Game and Young Buck was also confirmed , [ 43 ] called `` Worth More Than 50 Cents '' .
Albums Edit
Discography Edit
Filmography Edit
Film Year Film Role Notes 2004 Groupie Love [ 50 ] Himself Pornographic Video Documentary 2006 Loyalty & Respect Smoke 2007 Wild 'n Out Team Captain/Performer Season 4 2009 Sonicsgate Performer `` Dead Wrong '' A Billion Bucks Himself Video Documentary Kill the Record Labels 2011 Beef : Behind the Bullet E ! Buzz with Carla B 2013 Buck Mentality [ 51 ] Video Documentary 2019 No Warning Lead Role
Awards and nominations Edit
Update : The Jamsil transit center opened as planned in December 2016 . We shared pictures of the new bus facility on Kojects ' Facebook Page and made a short clip to show how the system works .
It seems like the constructions in Seoul 's Songpa-gu are never going to end : The Lotte World Tower is still rising into the sky , the next extension of Line no . 9 is digging through the ground and Garak Market including the surrounding neighborhoods are under redevelopment . If you recently passed by Jamsil Junction , you have probably seen a huge road work in progress . Lotte Construction Group is building a bus transfer center between the old and new Lotte buildings . The most interesting characteristic about the project is that the bus transfer center is going to be completely underground .
Jamsil Transit Center
Since the beginning of the mall construction there have been plans to build an underground bus center but the construction did n't begin until after the opening of the Lotte Mall . I was really surprised about that because Seoul hesitated on approving a pre-opening of the mall and department store due to traffic concerns . Lotte introduced a strong limitation of parking spots and an online-reservation system for parking as countermeasures . But actually , better accessibility and more public transport facilities are a good way to solve traffic issues .
I could n't find out the reason for the delay of construction . There have n't been any news about that project after the first introduction in 2013 . It seems that Lotte put their priorities on their commercial buildings .
This is the concept plan :
The transit center is for the red buses ( Gyeonggi buses ) , commuter buses and tourist buses . There will be 23 parking spots and 8 platforms for buses . The construction begun in May 2014 . The first completion date is December 2016 ( originally it was June 2015 ) .
This is a picture of the current situation :
Transit Centers
We are going to see more transit centers at well-accessible , outer area of Seoul in the near future . The general policy direction is to minimize the amount of buses inside Seoul . Buses from outside Seoul are only going to serve such centers and passengers have to transfer to city buses or the subway . Even though the number of transfers is going to rise , it is going to have positive effects on travel time , too .
Sources and Information : Channel A | CIS Seoul | Yonhap News
There is a glaring disconnect between the public and Angela Merkel , along with her establishment cronies . Merkel will be receiving an honorary doctorate from Belgian KU Leuven and UGent universites in Brussels , for “ her diplomatic and political efforts to boost Europe 's political strength , and to defend the values which allow the continent to find unity in diversity ” ; the public is outraged .
“ Angry campaigners held placards with slogans reading ‘ Merkel not welcomed ' and “ 'Merkel must go ' ” .
More than a million migrants have been absorbed into Germany in the last year , which has proved disastrous , bringing sex attacks , surges in crime and a critical economic drain to Germany , not to mention the Christmas market truck jihad attack .
Furious activists also held posters emblazoned with the face of Angela Merkel and the message : “ Terror Berlin 19-12-2016 GUILTY ” .
“ MERKEL MUST GO : Furious protesters demand Angela LEAVES as she receives honorary award ” , by Rebecca Perring , Express , January 12 , 2017 :
A. Garrett Lisi has largely avoided traditional academic appointments , preferring to do his physics research in between surfing , snowboarding and working odd jobs . *
Photo : Courtesy A. Garrett Lisi * Freelance physicist A. Garrett Lisi made headlines last year when he published his `` Exceptionally Simple Theory of Everything '' to an online wiki . The theory purports to be a blueprint of the universe , showing how all of the particles and forces of the universe are connected .
Lisi , who is speaking at the TED conference in Monterey , California this week , rejects string theory – currently the dominant model of the universe . Instead , his unification theory places all known particles and the four fundamental forces of nature ( electromagnetic , the strong force , the weak force and gravity ) onto an exceptionally complex 248-point mathematical model known as E8 that was formulated in the late 19th century . Lisi 's schema uses 228 points of the model , with 20 points left over for what he predicts will belong to 20 as-yet-undiscovered particles . His theory met with enthusiastic media coverage , but to date , the scientific community has been far more skeptical about the validity of Lisi 's model .
Lisi left academia after obtaining his Ph.D. in 1999 , and since then has been working odd jobs to support himself while spending the rest of his time working on physics , surfing and snowboarding .
Wired.com interviewed him by e-mail before his appearance .
Wired : Your entire career has been focused , in essence , on your rejection of string theory . What do you have against strings and extra dimensions ?
Garrett Lisi : It 's more accurate to say my career ( or , often , lack of one ) has been focused on doing what I wanted . There are a lot of good things about string theory , and it 's great that some people want to work on it . But , to me , it seemed too disconnected from real particle physics and gravitation . It seemed unlikely that many of these string constructions could ever be experimentally tested , or connected up with the real world . So I set off to follow my own interests .
Wired : Please explain in layman 's terms why the gravitational force fits this model when it has so resolutely resisted fitting other models except , presumably , string theory ?
Lisi : The way gravity fits came from recent research in the Quantum Gravity community . This research provided a framework in which gravity could be treated as one of the other three forces , while still agreeing with Einstein 's general relativity . When this was combined with a description of the Higgs field , it all fell into place perfectly . I was shocked to see it work so well ; but that shock quickly diffused into excitement , which then congealed into a physics paper .
Wired : If your theory is proven correct , what will the implications be ? What will we know about the universe and how it works other than that its structure is incredibly beautiful and ordered ?
Lisi : For me , it would be enough to know that the fundamental structure of the universe is incredibly beautiful . I do n't think there would be any practical implications within our lifetime . ( Physicist Richard ) Feynman put it the best when he said : `` Physics is like sex . Sure , it may give some practical results , but that 's not why we do it . ''
Wired : Will it be able to tell us anything about the Big Bang or about Neil Turok 's multiple Big Bangs ? If not , will it at least be able to explain some of the confounding mysteries of Lost ?
Lisi : If this theory turns out to be true about nature , it will certainly provide some new insights into the conditions of the universe shortly after the big bang . It might also lead to interesting speculation on multiple universes . As to resolving the ( mysteries ) in Lost . . . I 'm afraid the workings of J.J. Abrams ' mind falls outside the predictive capacity of any coherent theory .
Wired : Your model predicts the existence of 20 mysterious and as-yet-undiscovered particles . Have you been able to calculate masses for those mysterious particles that would help researchers find them ?
Lisi : These suggested particles are not so mysterious – they would be a lot like the Higgs particle , but with color charges that keep them in bound states . I have n't yet solved the problems required to predict their masses , but they would still be recognizable if detected . Of course , if a bunch of particles are detected that are clearly not any of these 20 , then this theory is in trouble . And if the Large Hadron Collider ( scheduled to go online later this year in Switzerland ) finds superparticles or other evidence for strings , I 'm going to have to pay out some bets .
Wired : Tell us about your decision to pursue your research independently . Why , after getting your Ph.D. , did you decide to mostly avoid academic teaching and research positions ?
Lisi : It is extraordinarily difficult , even in academia , to find a job that will let you do whatever you want with your time . If you are determined to spend your time following your own interests , you pretty much have to do it on your own . After my Ph.D. , there just were n't any positions open to support the research I wanted to do . And , of course , the surfing and windsurfing in Maui is amazingly good . I did the best I could to make my daydreams happen – and that did n't put me in an office .
Wired : You 're used to working in isolation . But this is a theory that 's being developed in the wiki tradition with input from others . Have there been any exciting and noteworthy contributions from others to further the theory ?
Lisi : Sure , I 've made all my physics open source , and documented it as well as possible . I 've got a personal wiki , Deferential Geometry , where I work on ideas out in the open . Many people have taken ideas from my work and run with them , to advance their own , which is good to see . The biggest help with the theory that I 've received from others has been from mathematicians , who have provided answers to some of the trickier aspects of E8 group theory . And there has been practical help as well : friends who have offered me places to stay , or donated support , and there 's even a surfboard shaper making me a new board – from 42 Surfboards .
Wired : A media storm ensued last year after New Scientist published a piece about your theory . Since then you 've been hailed a genius and likened to Einstein . But you 've also received some pretty sharp ridicule . Does it worry you that so much could be riding on this for you personally ? Do you regret putting your ideas out there for public consumption before they were fully formed ?
Lisi : The comparisons to Einstein really are n't well justified – he accomplished much more in physics than I ever possibly will . This story has been sensationalized in the media , which has been quite stressful . Although , the media spectacle has also been pretty amusing at times .
Some of the harsher personal criticism is an unfortunate but understandable backlash . I try to pull what I can from useful criticism , but most of it has been from people encountering unfamiliar mathematics and being confused by it . I 'm not worried about being portrayed as amateurish , because I 'm not an amateur , and my work reflects that .
As it develops , this theory may or may not turn out to be true about nature , but it 's a solid beginning founded on well-established mathematics . I thought the theory was well enough along to present it to the greater community , get some feedback , and develop it from there .
Wired : You 've no doubt received a lot of interesting correspondence from people who interpret your findings to support their own beliefs about various things . What have been some of the wilder e-mails and comments you 've received ?
Lisi : After this story broke , I awoke to Pandora 's Inbox . I received the oddest e-mails you can imagine : Hundreds espousing their own grand Theories of Everything which they conceived while on acid , many from readers of Kabbala , mystic incantations , religious revelations , astrology . . . you would n't believe some of it . Some of the e-mail has been rather charming and random , such as poems , songs , funny pictures and encouragement . The only thing I have n't received yet is a theory of everything expressed through interpretive dance – I 'm still waiting for that one . I swear never again to complain that a paper I published did n't get enough attention .
Wired : You said recently : `` Since E8 is perhaps the most beautiful structure in mathematics , it is very satisfying that nature appears to have chosen this geometry . '' Did nature have a choice ? Could the E8 framework be the result of an evolutionary process of trial and error that adapted until the universe got it right or do you think that beautiful structure was `` ready made '' ? I guess the equivalent philosophical question for this would be , which came first – the mathematics or the forces ?
Lisi : This is a very unusual aspect of this theory . The largest simple exceptional Lie group , E8 , is a unique structure in mathematics . If this structure turns out to be fundamental to how the universe works , then it seems to indicate our universe is not one that exists in a landscape of other possibilities . It would mean our universe is exceptional , and perhaps singular . Of course , it is philosophically questionable to consider other universes to begin with , since we 're only aware of one . But , whether this theory works perfectly or not , it is undoubtedly true that the fundamental nature of our universe can be described by mathematics .
Wired : What 's the connection , if any , between the board sports you pursue and your interest in physics ?
Lisi : Surfing and snowboarding are what I do for fun – to get out and play in nature . We live in a beautiful universe , and I wish to enjoy it and understand it as best I can . And I try to live a balanced life . Surfing is simply the most fun I know how to have on this planet . And physics , and science in general , is the best way of understanding how everything works . So this is what I spend my time doing . I do what I love , and follow my interests . Should n't everyone ?
TED 2008 Coverage TED Conference Tackles the Origins of Evil , Theories of Everything More TED News on Wired 's Epicenter Blog Surfer-Physicist Offers A New Way To Explain Everything
E8 : Visualizing 248 Dimensions
Inside the Large Hadron Collider
9 years ago
Tennessee Congressman Zach Wamp argued that mandates forced on the states by the Obama administration 's health care bill have put secession on the table .
( CNN ) - Texas Gov . Rick Perry 's suggestion in April 2009 that his state might consider secession drew a round of mockery nationwide , but his blustery populist rhetoric earned him serious traction among GOP primary voters in his re-election fight against Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
Perry , riding a tide of anti-Washington sentiment , went on to trounce Hutchison and another candidate in the Republican primary earlier this year .
Now another gubernatorial hopeful is test-driving a similar message .
Rep. Zach Wamp , one of three candidates seeking the GOP gubernatorial nomination in Tennessee , told Hotline OnCall that Perry had the right idea . Wamp argued that mandates forced on the states by the Obama administration 's health care bill have put secession on the table .
`` I hope that the American people will go to the ballot box in 2010 and 2012 so that states are not forced to consider separation from this government , '' Wamp told Hotline OnCall Friday .
Wamp said he hopes voters send a message in November that the federal government should `` strictly adhere '' to the Constitution .
`` Patriots like Rick Perry have talked about these issues because the federal government is putting us in an untenable position at the state level , '' he told OnCall .
His primary opponents , Lt. Gov . Ron Ramsey and Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam , both told the website they do n't support secession .
Oil Spill Update From U.S . Response Commander
Liane Hansen speaks with Adm. Thad Allen , national incident commander for the Gulf Coast oil spill , about the latest news on the spill and the cleanup .
LIANE HANSEN , host :
This is WEEKEND EDITION from NPR News . I 'm Liane Hansen .
President Obama is set to visit the Gulf Coast again tomorrow . It 's been almost two months since the oil started spewing from a broken well in the Gulf of Mexico . The president will spend two days examining what progress is being made to contain the spill , and talking about ways to mitigate the threat to the area 's environment and economy .
Admiral Thad Allen is the national incident commander for the spill and is coordinating the government 's response . He 's on the line . Admiral Allen , welcome back to the program .
Admiral THAD ALLEN ( Commandant , U.S. Coast Guard ) : Good morning , Liane .
HANSEN : On Friday , Coast Guard Rear Admiral James Watson sent a letter to BP giving them 48 hours to speed up the process of stopping the spill . It 's been two days now , is there any response from BP ?
Adm. ALLEN : We expect it today , Liane . They 've usually met the reporting requirement . They had submitted us plans on how they were going to increase containment capacity and redundancy , because we do n't have a system breakdown and not be able to still produce out of that well head . Giving the increased flow rate predictions that we 're looking at now , we wanted them to redouble their efforts and provide us a more effective and timely plan . So they 're doing that right now .
HANSEN : And what do you expect the company to do ? Do you have an idea of what their plan is ?
Adm. ALLEN : Well , what they 've done to date is , they 've got a vessel that 's capable of producing oil and gas . It 's basically linked to the well head by a riser pipe . In other words , it 's permanently affixed to it . Because of that you 're pretty much restricted to the diameter of the pipe and what can be brought up .
They 're going to bring an additional vessel in and use the choke and kill lines that they used to shoot mud down during the top kill exercise that was unsuccessful a couple weeks ago . And we want them to draw more oil off so they can increase their production . Then we want them to have additional vessels for redundancy , so in case there 's a problem with one vessel we can continue to operate .
HANSEN : BP is supposed to be bringing in a second ship to increase its capacity to capture the oil . Will that help a lot or not much ?
Adm. ALLEN : Well , we 're kind of restricted to the current configuration with the well head right now , to a maximum of about 28,000 barrels a day . We directed them to go beyond that , and they 're going to bring in a new mooring system and a system that 's capable of bringing more oil up from the surface . But that 's going to take probably two to three weeks , 'cause that technology is not currently in the Gulf of Mexico .
They 're actually going to start using shuttle tankers and production vessels that are more likely used in the North Sea . And we have a ship that 's actually en route from the North Sea right now .
HANSEN : The cap on the broken well is what 's allowing BP to siphon off some of that oil . Have you heard anything from anyone that gives you any indication that this well will be completely capped anytime soon ?
Adm. ALLEN : Well , Liane , we 've always stated that the ultimate solution to this is going to be a relief well that 's drilled down and intercepts that wellbore and will allow them to actually pump mud down , suppress the hydrocarbons and put a cement plug in . The nearest time that 's going to happen is somewhere around the first or second week of August .
So what we 're doing in the meantime is trying to contain the oil that is there in the most effective and efficient way possible . And we continue to ratchet up the pressure on BP to make sure that they are bringing every conceivable production capability there .
HANSEN : Are you confident these relief wells will really work ? I mean it 's been sort of put out there as the final fix , but some of the things that have been used have n't worked .
Adm. ALLEN : Well , that 's a fair question , Liane . What we directed was , when they started drilling the relief well , we said you need to start drilling a second relief well at the same time as a risk mitigator . I do n't bear any claims of certainty in this world , but to the extent that we can mitigate the risk that that relief well is not successful , having the second one being drilled at the same time is the risk mitigator .
HANSEN : I 'm speaking with Admiral Thad Allen . He 's the national incident commander for the Gulf Coast oil spill .
There 's been quite a bit of coverage on NPR about the payment BP is giving to those who have been affected by the spill . And many people are saying it 's not enough money , it 's too hard to get . Can you comment on that ?
Adm. ALLEN : Yeah , I sure can , Liane . And we 're concerned about that , as well . One of the things about claims processing that everybody needs to understand is that BP is an oil production company and they hired a contractor to - basically a claims adjustor to handle their claims process . We have never been sanguine from the start that they have the competency or the capacity to manage the contract with a third-party entity dealing with those claims .
So I 've actually set up what we call an integrated services team . We 've had direction provided to BP to come up with data on how they 're processing the claims . We 've been going over the processes with them . And we 're going to each state - we started last week - meeting with the state governors , talking to their people . Our goals are to ensure that the claims process is transparent , that it 's efficient and fair . And we want to have options for neutral independent secure a source for claims payment - so it 's somebody else actually disperses that money .
And we need to take a look at how they 're going to handle natural resource damages to the states and the federal governments . And we want fair standards for making those compensation decisions .
HANSEN : BP also announced over the weekend they are going to be selling some of the oil that 's been collected , and the money will go toward wildlife rehabilitation . Does the process of trying to gather the oil to sell it make it harder to contain it or clean it up ?
Adm. ALLEN : No , the oil has to be produced out of that well head , and they are producing , you know , about 15,000 barrels a day from the containment process they have right now . And I think that 's a very wise thing for them to do , to apply any proceeds from the oil that 's recovered to wildlife . I think that makes all the sense in the world .
HANSEN : Admiral Thad Allen is the national incident commander for the Gulf Coast oil spill . Thank you , sir .
Adm. ALLEN : Thank you , Liane .
Copyright © 2010 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
An organization called The CookShack is raising support for a base camp to open on Friday , July 15 , on the San Francisco Peaks , where they will lay plans for a sit-in aimed at stopping treated sewage effluent from reaching the ski slopes at the Arizona Snowbowl .
According to the group 's Web site , TrueSnow.org , 11 base camps are `` set and 15 more have announced they have started travel , and growing . ''
The base camps will serve as places where supporters can gather , camp and organize . Their ultimate goal is to stage a sit-in in hopes of blocking timber clear-cutting and other construction aimed at enabling the ski area operators to pipe in reclaimed wastewater for their snowmaking machines .
`` ( W ) e the people DO NOT approve of the use of treated sewage effluent to make snow , '' the group states on its Web site .
People who want to show their support are advised to make individual choices about the need to hide their campsite or wear a mask to hide their identity , the Web site instructs .
The groups claim they are doing nothing illegal .
Kristopher Barney , Diné , was one of the six protesters who tied himself to an excavator to stop pipeline construction June 16 . Barney , who is Honágháahnii ( One Walks Around Clan ) born for Tl'ááshch '' ' ( Red Bottom Clan ) , challenged those who sympathize with the cause to get active .
`` My question is : Where are all our young people , where are the adults , where are the medicine people . Where is everybody ? '' he said at the time .
The CookShack is asking for support , donations for food , gear , supplies and medical supplies . They also want to let it be known that this is a drug/alcohol/hate-free encampment .
The Snowbowl has already started clearing trees to make way for a new ski run approved by the U.S. Forest Service .
`` We need to upgrade the ski area because it 's so old . Just like any other business we upgrade , '' said J.R. Murray , general manager . `` It 's public land , not reservation . All the issues they want to talk about have been handled by the courts and not much I can say . The court rulings are in our favor .
`` I think it 's wrong that those protesters they think they can lay a claim on the peaks and deny other peoples from their enjoyment , '' Murray said . `` It has been 73 years , where tens of thousands of people enjoyed skiing on Snow Bowl . ''
Asked about what he thought about how Native Americans view the Peaks , Murray said , `` I think it 's fine . They are certainly entitled to their viewpoint and their cultural perspective . ''
When he was asked about using reclaimed wastewater , he said , `` It 's good water . The water we are going to use is cleaner than any other ski area . This is probably going to be the cleanest water used for snowmaking anywhere in the country . ''
But Barney said , `` We still have people that still pray in the old way with the herbs and the medicine that is on the Peaks . If this continues the medicine will get tainted and hurt the ceremonies . I , personally want to see my culture survive because without it , who are we ? ''
Information : www.truesnow.org and www.arizonasnowbowl.com .
Back to top ^
The Rise of Web-Based Software
Who Stands to Lose From Data Limitations
Remember when we used to get AOL CDs in the mail ? Or how about purchasing Microsoft Windows at Office Max ? Those days are long gone . In a wonderfully realized act of “ creative destruction “ , the internet has effectively altered the way in which we use software . With the rise of web based applications like Google Docs , BaseCamp , and TurboTax coupled with the virtualization of gaming we 're seeing a paradigm shift from having to physically install software on your computer to only needing an internet connection . Google , who 's led the pack in web-based software , recognizes this shift and sells “ net books ” for as low as $ 199 . They 're well aware that most everything can be accomplished from within your browser now and the need for a quad-core i7 processors with 16gb of RAM is waning . Even people who use computers lightly are beginning to realize that Google Docs ( or Drive as it 's called now ) can meet 99 % of your publishing , writing , number crunching , and presenting needs .
Websites that provide vital information ( WebMD , Wikipedia ) and those especially who offer it in multimedia forms ( YouTube , Flickr , HowTo ) rely on healthy internet speeds and large amounts of transferable data to run their services smoothly . Some applications that stand to lose big from bandwidth caps :
Video conferencing software requires plenty of speed and bandwidth to operate properly . Many companies are cutting costs by letting people work at home . And thanks to services like Skype , employers and clients are able to still have face time with project managers . Limiting bandwidth would cause everyone involved to be weary : “ how close am I to hitting my monthly allotment ? ” “ does this guy I 'm conferencing have a bandwidth cap in place ? ” .
YouTube
The democratization of journalism and entertainment owe a debt of gratitude to YouTube . Thanks to the exponentially-growing video site we 're able to watch well , just about anything online . Some may argue that YouTube is full of dancing cats and nut shots , but if you look at the videos with the most views ( “ downloaded ” the most ) a lot of them have some intrinsic value , either from a sociologic or cultural perspective .
No longer the elephant in the room , Spotify will eventually render iTunes obsolete . The streaming music service is something I will pay $ 9.99/month for until I 'm buried in the ground . It 's that good . The app ecosystem is growing and thanks to FaceBook 's open graph the collaboration possibilites are endless . A capped data plan has the potential of limiting music discovery ( because you CAN download the songs to your computer ) and making the service a lot less user friendly .
Did your ears just perk up ? ! That 's right . Every time you upload a photo to FaceBook that is data your “ uploading ” to your account . And the problem is that many of us upload it with the original resolution and have become accustomed to FaceBook doing the resizing work for us to make it fit . We also like to upload videos , which ( as described above ) take up more bandwidth than any other form of online media .
For a relatively cheap price ( $ 29.99/month ) you can learn hundreds of specific skills related to computer work . The courses on WordPress and HTML are what I owe much of my career to . There are other sites as well as Tuts Plus , a premium tutorial site ( built with WordPress I might add ) that covers everything from advanced HTML/CSS techniques to JavaScript and Ruby on Rails . Often with these courses you 'll get videos and examples materials , both of which require internet access and the ability to stream media .
Effects on Education
Why Data Caps are Put Into Place
The most tragic consequence of data capping . If we want to cut the costs of traditional education ( no college is worth $ 40k+/year ) then we must inevitably turn to web-based learning solutions . My friend who works at a Fortune 200 tech company told me they were absolutelyfor talent . That 's sad , considering the growing unemployment problem in this country . We do n't need people cutting metal on assembly lines anymore ( thanks China ) . Technology is , was , and always will be the driving force of this nation 's economy . We ca n't sit around and wait for colleges to start teaching these new technologies . Traditional classrooms can not compete with the more agile and accesible web-based programs . A great read for anyone not convinced open source/web technology is n't reason enough to be optimistic about our economy read “ Why Software is Eating the World ” by Marc Andreessen .
What the Real Problem is
Money . As the video explains , ISPs ( internet service providers ) claim that it 's about network congestion when in reality it 's about the bottom line . Companies like Comcast , AT & T , Time Warner , and their affiliates must constantly please stakeholders . This constant pressure to increase profits causes them to explore new ( and often unethical ) ways to charge people . The complete lack of legislation in regard to how these monopolies operate does n't help either . Because we 're limited in our T.V./Internet provider choices it places us at the mercy of these companies .
We All Lose
The problem is n't theof data we consume but rather the amount of users who are consuming it at a given time . ISPs are feeding us this bullshit story of how we 're “ bottle-necking ” the data by consuming too much when in reality , the problem iswith the growing amount of people fleeing to the internet for entertainment , gaming , and business . This can be solved ( if it is even a real problem ) by continuing to build out the infrastructure ( towers ) . Infrastructure though , is controlled by these same companies attempting to put these data caps in place . Because this is all privatized , the government has little say in how fast and how expansive growth can be . This may be one of the only instances ( in my opinion ) in the private sector that justify more regulation . When so much is at stake , and the economic future of our country depends on it , there needs to be a renewed lobbying effort to combat which is more the less
The ripple effect from widespread data capping ca n't be measured or fully realized at this point . The United States was built on innovation . Would we have accepted such limitations when we were building the railroad or inventing electricity ? Imagine if initially , utility companies were limited in how much wire they could lay down ? Our infrastructure would n't have grown at such a rapid pace . Just as the railroad and electricity turned us into an industrial superpower , the internet has enabled an entire generation of entrepreneurs to push the needle forward and discover new ways of communicating , conducting business , and cataloguing meaningful progressions in our culture . Putting data cap limitations in place creates anxiety within both user and developer communities . These same entrepreneurs that 've given us these brilliant products will be weary of how viable their software will be in an age of data restrictions . Hopefully these ISPs will fall victim to a little creative destruction of their own and get knocked off by companies willing to provide unlimited data to consumers . The problem though , is that companies like Verizon , Comcast , and AT & T continue to buy out these smaller companies for their towers ( infrastructure ) , causing a snowball effect of growing power and influence . The longer these would-be companies wait the harder it 's going to be for them to offer unlimited data plans .
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture , bringing you the latest talking points from Japan , Korea , China and beyond . Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am .
Godzilla Resurgence , its first made-in-Japan ‘ Zilla film in twelve years . The latest entry is a smash hit in Japan . While I had mixed feelings about it , the digital effects work extremely well .
While Hollywood has used computer graphics on both its Godzilla movies , Japan has used a suit actor right up until Godzilla : Final Wars in 2004 .
I recently interviewed the lead editor of the film , VFX Supervisor Atsuki Sato via email about the film 's production .
Man In ( Digital ) Suit
Kotaku : Were there any tests to see if CG could be used with traditional suit acting , like in every Godzilla film until Final Wars ?
Sato : There was n't any plan for full body character costumes . We created upper body animatronics , but we did n't end up using them .
Advertisement
Kotaku : I know actor Mansai Nomura ( above ) did mocap for Godzilla , and this data was then used to bring the character to life . Why was he selected ?
Sato : It was suggested by director Higuchi . I think he was the ideal person for expressing the character with the best motion performance .
Kotaku : Do you personally miss traditional Godzilla suit acting ? Do you think it will ever return to the franchise ?
Sato : Based on your question , it seems like you have an emotional attachment to Godzilla based on the character costume method .
When necessary , the technique that is required is changed according to the Godzilla character and the movie style . If the movie style is one that requires a Godzilla in a character costume , then it 's fine to use a character costume .
Advertisement
A Movie With Two Directors
Kotaku : What exactly did Shinji Higuchi do on the film ? Was he more involved in the special effects than Hideaki Anno ?
Sato : As for the roles , Hideaki Anno served as the scriptwriter and general director , and Shinji Higuchi served as a director and special effects director .
There were times when Higuchi took the directive lead , while at other times , Anno took the directive lead . Anno took part in the creation of the initial Evangelion , so his intention was to participate as a supervising director taking care of the concepts and finishing touches , etc. , and he requested the participation of Higuchi , who is a friend in whom he could trust to reflect his own intentions .
Graphic Monster
Kotaku : Why did Toho decide to go CG for Godzilla ?
Sato : CG production had already been determined when I began participating . In the end , it was the best option to allow quick edits as creative visions changed and produced a high quality film .
Advertisement
Kotaku : What references did you use in creating the CG Godzilla ? Did you study any animals or reptiles to see how they moved ?
Sato : Initially , we considered that type of approach that projected the feel of a living creature , but the general director vetoed that idea . He wanted Godzilla to have the texture of rubber .
Kotaku : What were the difficulties in using CG for Godzilla Resurgence ?
Sato : It 's not that it was particularly difficult , but we had to pay special attention to the method used to check the CG model . There is no film where such extensive pre-shooting work has been undertaken . In the case of full 3D CG animations in America , a large number of people work together to create something close to a storyboard movie , but in the case of Godzilla Resurgence , all of this work was done by one individual—Hideaki Anno .
He has very specific preferences for his work , so we knew we would need programs with flexible responses for editing , like Adobe 's CC .
Advertisement
Kotaku : How much of the film is CG ? I know lots of the military hardware was CG , which surprised me .
Sato : I do n't know the exact percentage , but Godzilla appears for 18 minutes and 8 seconds in this version . That 's 15 % of the entire movie .
Kotaku : Did the Japanese Self-Defense Force cooperate so you could have accurate references for the military hardware ?
Sato : Yes , they cooperated extensively .
The Self-Defense Forces allowed us to collect the information we needed on various types of machinery and equipment .
Advertisement
Kotaku : Were you worried that long-time fans would not like the CG Godzilla ? Did you try doing anything to ensure that they would ?
Sato : I was n't really aware of anything in particular . I was hoping that it would be a hit , but I did n't think it would be as successful as it has been .
Improving Japanese Movie CG
Kotaku : The best CG is CG you do n't notice . There is a lot of that in Godzilla Resurgence . Are there any techniques that were used to ensure that the CG is as seamless as possible ?
Sato : We used only a very natural approach of simulating characters that were as close as possible to the true thing .
We also chose to edit software that is light , stable , and easy to use , as well as excellent in connectivity to sound and other post-production systems . We had to develop a flexible editing environment for Godzilla Resurgence , so we assumed cases where multiple members use software simultaneously . In such cases , cooperative elements and cost effectiveness matter . We can not use software that costs tens of millions of yen per unit .
Advertisement
This time , we adopted Adobe Systems ' Premiere Pro CC . We also use it as main software for works other than Godzilla Resurgence .
Kotaku : I think the CG in Godzilla Resurgence was the best I 've seen in any Japanese feature film . In the past Japanese movie CG has lagged behind Hollywood , but the CG in Japanese CG games has traditionally been very good . Why is that ? Why was the CG used in Japanese movies so behind the technology used in Hollywood movies ? How was Japanese movie making caught up ?
Sato : I think it was because of the difference in operational unit costs and the amount of time required .
The VFX budget for this Japanese version does n't even compare with budgets in the game industry . Also , we followed an editing process totally different from one normally adopted . We usually go over what the scene would look like after the shooting , but for this film , we first produced a “ Leica vocal RUSH ” by having voice actors read lines in a draft script . It is basically like a radio drama .
Being able to use this new process , edit across multiple devices and Mr. Anno 's high standards contributed to the quality of the film .
Advertisement
Kotaku : Do you have any advice for those looking to get into CG effects for movies ? Do you have any advice for anyone trying to improve their own CG effects ?
Sato : The most important thing is to have an observant eye . To develop that capability , you should read , view , and absorb as much as you can from everything - TV , movies , and cartoons .
MAJORITY LEADER Kevin McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) threw the House into chaos Thursday by announcing that he would not seek to become speaker , leaving the GOP caucus without a clear leader and deepening worries that Congress will be incapable of performing basic functions .
Would it be fairer to blame the so-called Freedom Caucus that opposed Mr. McCarthy , a few dozen hard-core Republicans who apparently did n't come to Washington to govern but to tear the place down ? How about the many House Republicans who are more civic-minded but who shrink from making the principled case for compromise and order ? Or perhaps Speaker John A. Boehner ( R-Ohio ) , who could n't or would n't tame his restive caucus over the past five years , leaving a mess for whoever succeeds him ?
Everyone on this list may deserve blame , but at this point we hope members of Congress will shift from pointing fingers to thinking seriously about the good of the country and the dangers it faces . Even before the leadership crisis , the House had failed to face facts on the budget , the debt ceiling , immigration and many other issues . Now dysfunction could produce outcomes that would seriously harm the nation and the world , starting with default and shutdown . This is n't a question of right wing vs. left but of nihilism vs. a willingness to govern . Legislators who care about the national interest must find the courage to forge governing coalitions , even with willing Democrats , if that 's what it takes to sideline a faction that abhors compromise .
That willingness must start with Mr. Boehner , stymied for now in his desire to retire . He has said he will stay on until his colleagues can settle on a replacement . He should use this time to seek a long-term budget and debt-ceiling deal with the Senate and President Obama and put it to a simple up-or-down vote .
Mr. Boehner ca n't and should n't have to do this alone . He needs good-faith negotiating partners on both sides of the aisle . Most House Republicans are conservative on policy , but most also understand the danger of shutting down the government or refusing to raise the debt limit in order to register anger and score ideological points . They recognize that a great democracy ca n't function when one faction issues unrealistic demands and threatens to burn everything down if it does n't get its way . If these Republicans can find their voice , Democrats should reciprocate with a willingness to find solutions rather than seek political advantage in Republican dysfunction .
One possible reason Mr. McCarthy withdrew is that the Freedom Caucus demanded rule changes that would enhance the power of the fringes . The next speaker should refuse to hand the Freedom Caucus this or any other ransom , and the majority of Republicans should back him or her up . The House does n't need a “ caretaker ” speaker to paper over the toxic divide in the GOP caucus . It needs a leader who will neutralize the destructive influence of the Republican Party 's Jacobins .
- There are some new top dogs in town .
On Thursday , 19 dogs from 15 police agencies from Minnesota and Wisconsin graduated from K-9 training in St. Paul .
At the ceremony , the dogs showed off their new skills and earned a well-deserved applause .
The St. Paul Police Department is the host agency for K-9 training camps for the five state region , which includes the Dakotas , Iowa , Minnesota , and Wisconsin .
Officers and their K-9 partners undergo 12 weeks of obedience training to earn their degrees .
The teams will have continual training as they settle into their patrols and apply their new skills to real life situations .
Graduating Class
St. Paul Police Department :
Officer Brady Harrison and Canine `` Eddie ''
Officer Chad DeGree and Canine `` Ozzy ''
Officer Joe Ryan and Canine `` Bogey ''
Officer Kong Xiong and Canine `` Diesel ''
Minnesota D.O.C . Faribault :
Officer Chris Persing and Canine `` Razor ''
Goodhue County Sheriff 's Office :
Deputy Jim Goham and Canine `` Valor ''
Burnsville Police Department :
Officer Lauren Smith and Canine `` Jet ''
Edina Police Department :
Officer Mike Bengtson and Canine `` Ike ''
Duluth Police Department :
Officer Dean Bauers and Canine `` Riggs ''
Officer Aaron Haller and Canine `` Haas ''
St. Croix County Sheriff 's Office :
Deputy Dustin Geisness and Canine `` Roky ''
Deputy John Shilts Jr. and Canine `` Garza ''
Hudson Police Department :
Officer Robert Larson and Canine `` Badger ''
Faribault Police Department :
Officer Adam Marvin and Canine `` Cannon ''
Superior Police Department :
Officer Jeff Harriman and Canine `` Lacka ''
Wabasha County Sheriff 's Office :
Deputy Erik Rollie and Canine `` Melee ''
Sawyer County Sheriff 's Office :
Deputy Dennis Nelson and Canine `` Oscar ''
Ashland Police Department :
Officer Nick Ovaska and Canine `` Chase ''
Olmsted County Sheriff 's Office :
Deputy Rian Jones and Canine `` Jango ''
A Georgia man — whose extraordinarily vulgar courtroom exchange with a judge was immortalized by the hit TV show “ Rick and Morty ” — has pleaded guilty but mentally ill to killing his cellmate .
Denver Fenton Allen , 33 , pleaded guilty Monday after Judge Billy Sparks denied Allen 's motion that he killed Stephen Rudolph Nalley in self-defense after just five days in the Floyd County Jail , the Rome News-Tribune reports .
Allen — who suffers from delusions and schizophrenia , according to a state evaluation that still found him fit for trial — was sentenced to life in prison Monday , prompting him to threaten to kill people in the courtroom , including the assistant district attorney .
In June 2016 , Allen made national headlines for an obscene , 11-minute exchange with Superior Court Judge Bryant Durham in which Allen threatened to kill the judge 's family and made repeated graphic sexual threats .
Allen claimed his court-appointed attorney had made unwanted sexual advances toward him and was inadequately prepared . Durham said he doubted those claims and recommended that Allen go to trial with the attorney rather than represent himself , prompting Allen 's incredibly crude tirade .
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE NEW YORK POST
LATEST : Outrage : Pervert TX Trooper who raped women on roadside re-hired by TX DPS , despite additional cases pending 8/11/13
You think you do n't like cops ? You ai n't seen nothing til you 've watched the videos by Youtube user 'FunTrails ' .
FunTrails explains on his youtube channel : `` Yeah I know I 'm The First Amendment Asshole ... but it 's so much more than that . When we 're growing up we 're taught that Law Enforcement Officers ( LEO 's ) are there to make sure we 're safe , and secure and into your class comes a smiling friendly officer . Today 's law enforcement could not be further from the Peace Officers of yesteryear . Today 's LEO 's are here to keep the status quo , their oaths of office are a joke to them , they brutally enforce victimless crimes , they lie , extort , and kidnap ! All under the color of law , all at the publics detriment , and all on our dime ! ''
His latest video , posted on July 31 , is titled They 're soo helpful ! and begins with him in a police station trying to lodge a complaint against an officer . It then escalates into an R-rated cussing session right in the station . The videographer then takes us outside where he confronts -- err , tries to engage a CHP officer in conversation . Before you know it , there are five squadcars and officers surrrounding FunTrails and his lady friend , all for the alleged offense of littering a cigarrete butt .
The video description reads
Sorry it 's been awhile ... I 'm always active always after them , sometimes i record other times I do n't . I 've been involved in quite a bit this past year , ca n't lay claim to everything i 've done this year ; ) but I 'm still fighting ! For you , for myself , and for the hope we might live in a logical , mutually beneficial society someday .
The vid currently has 431 views but will surely get a lot more . Just a warning , neither of these vids are for the faint of heart .
In a discussion with viewers , FunTrails explains about losing his cool .
TheVinylBuzz : I like your idea , but sometimes you lose your cool well alot , keep your cool , do n't argue and just ask questions and catch them rig stupid on tape . And also make the video longer I wana know what happened FunTrails : thank you . When I lose my `` cool '' people get called `` nasty '' names , when they lose theirs people lose their lives , their freedoms , their children , and jobs . I 'm really not much concerned with how I 'm viewed or how they feel . I use﻿ despicable words because I truly believe them to be despicable people .
FunTrails had a super-viral video out around this time last year with Fed up with cops like no other : `` Officer Scaredy Pants ''
Martin Hill is a Catholic paleoconservative and civil rights advocate . His work has been featured in the Los Angeles Daily News , San Gabriel Valley Tribune , The Orange County Register , KNBC4 TV Los Angeles , The Press Enterprise , LewRockwell.com , WhatReallyHappened.com , Infowars.com , PrisonPlanet.com , Economic Policy Journal , FreedomsPhoenix , Haaretz , TMZ , Veterans Today , Jonathan Turley blog , The Dr. Katherine Albrecht Show , National Motorists Association , RomanCatholicReport.com , Republic Broadcasting Network , WorldNetDaily , OverdriveOnline.com , Educate-Yourself.org , Dr. Kevin Barrett 's Truth Jihad radio show , Strike-The-Root.com , ActivistPost.com , Los Angeles Catholic Lay Mission Newspaper , KFI AM 640 , IamtheWitness.com , Redlands Daily Facts , BlackBoxVoting , The Michael Badnarik Show , The Wayne Madsen Report , Devvy.com , Rense.com , The Contra Costa Times , Pasadena Star News , Silicon Valley Mercury News , Long Beach Press Telegram , Inland Valley Daily Bulletin , L.A. Harbor Daily Breeze , CopBlock.org , DavidIcke.com , Whittier Daily News , KCLA FM Hollywood , The Fullerton Observer , Antiwar.com , From The Trenches World Report , and many others . Archives can be found at LibertyFight.com and DontWakeMeUp.Org .
These thoughts and other similar connections have been out there , mentioned by several other writers and readers and randomly by me , over the last few years , and I just thought I 'd write them down all together once and for all , and here it is…
* Summary No . 1 : The current Warriors franchise–fawned upon , critiqued , analyzed , re-analyzed , endlessly used as both a shining example and a curse for modern sports–is something we 've never seen before in North America…
But in the Bay Area there is one root reference…
That 'd be the 49ers Dynasty of the 1980s into the mid-1990s , back before the social media explosion , of course , so the dimensions and dynamics are different , but that was a franchise with incredible star power , shrewd and passionate leadership , and peak entertainment value .
VERY QUICK CAVEAT : Of course the 49ers won five Super Bowls from 1981-1994 , and the Warriors , to this point , have only one in this era .
And yes , the 49ers Dynasty went undefeated in its trips to the championship round , while the Warriors just lost in the Finals last June ( and are 1-1 in the Finals in this era ) .
( But in another way , you can compare the Warriors ' win-lose epic battles over the years with Cleveland to the 49ers ' win-lose epic struggles with the Dallas Cowboys , it 's just that the 49ers ' bitterest rivals were in their own conference and the current Warriors can not face their main antagonist until the Finals . )
I 'm not saying this is an exact duplicate . In many ways , there will never be another team like the DeBartolo/Walsh/Montana/Rice/Young/Lott/Haley/Seifert/Etc . 49ers , for the Bay Area or the sports universe .
They changed the way football is played and the way the Bay Area feels about sports , period .
You ca n't duplicate that level for that long in that sport ( moving fro Joe Montana to Steve Young , from Walsh to Seifert , dropping Jerry Rice into the offense a few years into the dynasty ) , it 's just impossible .
But in other ways this Warriors team–by breaking the single-season scoring record , by then adding Kevin Durant , by being the perfect team to explore every byte and camera light of the Digital Explosion–is exploding into unprecedented territory every moment and absolutely determined to do so for a long period of time .
The only natural antecedent for this , in our lifetimes , in this area … is the Dynasty 49ers .
Those of us who grew up as the 49ers Dynasty was happening… that experience is just baked into our Bay Area existence . It 's why the 49ers remain the singularly most important franchise in the area , still .
But I believe that people who are growing up in this era , watching sports in this area , will have the Warriors ' enterprise burned into their sports existence , for decades , because of what is going on now , you can just feel it happening .
The Giants will always be big . Other teams in the area will rise and fall .
The Warriors , though , are the first team to move into the realm of the 49ers Dynasty , and that 's going to change the landscape–is changing it–for decades , I think .
To get there , the Warriors have to keep winning , and add a few more titles , but they are set up for this and knowing their ownership and front-office mandate , I ca n't see them ever easing up on this .
I 've written elements of this several times before , including right after the Warriors signed Durant , when I noted that people very closely associated with the 49ers Dynasty see strong parallels between Joe Lacob and Eddie DeBartolo , Jr. , and that 's no small thing coming from that group .
I also talked to Roger Craig and Randy Cross last spring about how this Warriors team compares to the great 1984 49ers team .
— Here 's the basic formula — with the Warriors this is the front line of significant people :
Joe Lacob . Bob Myers . Steve Kerr . Jerry West . Stephen Curry . Kevin Durant . Draymond Green . Klay Thompson . Rick Welts . Andre Iguodala . Formerly Luke Walton . Mike Brown . Ron Adams .
What other local franchise has a list like that ? ( Certainly not the current 49ers , and I will get into that in a bit . )
No , the group that is most reminiscent of the current Warriors ' group is ( over the 15-year period ) …
Eddie DeBartolo , Jr. Bill Walsh . Joe Montana . Jerry Rice . Ronnie Lott . John McVay . Carmen Policy . Steve Young . Harris Barton . Randy Cross . Roger Craig . Brent Jones . George Seifert . Mike Holmgren .
* OK , to Summary No . 2 : The current 49ers , now 1-5 this season and 6-16 since the firing of Jim Harbaugh , are fumbling and foolish in their own ways , but also are almost a perfect spiritual heir to the Warriors back when they horrible , made irrational decisions , and were run Chris Cohan and Robert Rowell .
That Warriors era goes back to the mid-1990s and through 2010 ( with a brief skip-over when Chris Mullin got it rolling right in 2007-2008 ) , when they were sold to… Joe Lacob and Peter Guber .
Here 's an excerpt from that column I referred to earlier , when I was describing the Warriors from six years ago…
–When Lacob and Guber took over , no good player wanted to be part of this and the bad ones wanted to be overpaid to be a part of it .
Hmm .
Let 's take a look at where Jed York 's 49ers are now .
ESPN just listed the 49ers as the worst organization–out of 122 NFL , NBA , MLB and NHL franchises–in all of North American sports–and though you can quibble with the exact order , you have to agree that the 49ers are not anywhere near the top of any ranking like that .
The Yorks are very different from Cohan because they built Levi 's Stadium and are more profitable than Cohan could 've ever been–which also means that they have a lot less incentive to sell the team , the way Cohan did when he thought $ 450M for the Warriors in 2010 was selling at the top of the market .
( It wasn't–yet another Cohan mistake . )
But the current 49ers live and breathe and lose just like the Cohan Warriors used to , and are just about as paranoid , self-destructive and incapable of normal social behavior within their headquarters and of course with outsiders .
They have to over-pay free agents to come here , they are not spending nearly to the salary-cap total , and they are recently having trouble attracting top assistant coaches or even the No . 1 head-coach candidates because this is not seen as a destination franchise for up-and-comers .
Remember , this used to be the franchise that minted coaching stars . But this is exactly what happened with Cohan 's Warriors–they had to over-pay free agents , they let talented young players go , and they could n't attract the top coaching minds because who wanted to be the next guy to be set up to fail ?
The result : The old bad Warriors spent far more time trying to sell their product–and attack their enemies–than actually put together one that was actually worth watching .
The 49ers are set up to fail , yes . Not financially , but on the field .
It 's the smallness that connects these two franchises–the pettiness , the anger and the lack of self-awareness .
Jed York is like a mashed up combination of Cohan ( money guy who ca n't be found in times of trouble ) and Rowell ( ruthless corporate political player who runs off any potential threat to his power ) .
Why wo n't the 49ers bring in a top football executive to help them steady things ? Because Jed York would n't want somebody who would immediately tell him to leave the football operations alone and that everything he 's been doing has been wrong .
And Rowell 's campaign to eliminate Mullin in 2008-2009 was a precursor ( in a much smaller way ) for Jed York and Trent Baalke 's plot to undermine Harbaugh in 2014 .
By the way…
The 49ers ' record in Jim Harbaugh 's first 22 games as coach : 17-5 .
The 49ers ' record in the 22 games since he was fired : 6-16 .
The idea that the current 49ers situation seems to have a lot of similarities to the Warriors under Cohan and Rowell has been brought up by others , including this very well done piece by the Bay Area Sports Guy .
I 've covered both situations very closely , and I can add…
The Cohan/Rowell Warriors habitually cherry-picked random events that can happen to all teams–say , the arrival of Monta Ellis or the acquisition of Larry Hughes or the drafting of Mike Dunleavy Jr.–and trumpeted THOSE AND ONLY THOSE THINGS as obvious signs that greatness was right ahead .
And greatness never arrived , because Cohan and Rowell were lying to themselves and their fans about the actual significance of random basketball things , and because they never really had a deep desire to win , just to trick fans into buying their product .
The sales pitch : Just disregard all the losses piling up right now , and in the recent past , and tomorrow and the next tomorrow and the many tomorrows after that . Meaningless because it 's a Great Time Out !
The 49ers comparable : The Yorks installed Jim Tomsula as the interim coach to finish the 2010 season after firing Mike Singletary , and decided that the team 's victory under Tomsula in Game 16 proved that he would be a great coach .
They hired Jim Harbaugh in January because York knew they needed a big name to jolt everybody and get the stadium effort fully engaged , and that they had to figure out who the QB was going to be , which was a Harbaugh specialty .
But once Harbaugh got them going , got the QB position secured , started battling with Baalke , and the Yorks got their stadium… the Yorks pulled out the Tomsula card .
They told themselves ( lied to themselves ) all along that Tomsula was a better coach than Harbaugh , not based on all of Harbaugh 's victories but just because Tomsula was nice to them , players liked him , and he had that 1-0 record that proved everything .
Oops .
The same kind of thing happened last season after the 49ers won in Chicago to go… 4-8… and the Yorks were hugging everybody in the locker room and Jed Tweeted “ very fun win . ”
They told themselves that victory proved everything . It did n't .
The 49ers followed that with a despairing loss in Cleveland , hit the inevitable dead end , and the Yorks had to fire Tomsula .
Now they might be heading into a similar trap-door with the Chip Kelly tenure–the Yorks love keeping familiar lieutenants like Baalke ( and like Cohan kept Rowell ) , and if the team loses , those lieutenants need to blame others , and for the Warriors that meant Mullin or whoever else was available .
It might be Kelly for the 49ers now , who knows . Or it might take a while longer .
But the 49ers are not set up for long periods of stability , and certainly not for sustained success , because they are a magnified mirror image of the Cohan Warriors , and it 's impossible not to notice .
LA Galaxy have acquired the rights to midfielder Jermaine Jones from Colorado Rapids in exchange for the club 's 2017 1st Round MLS SuperDraft pick , the club announced today . Jones , 35 , has made 47 all-time appearances in Major League Soccer .
The Galaxy trades their highest 2017 1st Round SuperDraft selection as of 24 hours prior to the 2017 MLS SuperDraft to the Rapids .
Jones joined the Colorado Rapids in March 2016 from the New England Revolution in exchange for general allocation money and the Rapids ' first-round pick in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft . He made 13 appearances for the Rapids in all competitions , scoring three goals and tallying three assists for a Rapids side that reached the 2016 Western Conference Championship .
Before signing for the Rapids , Jones joined MLS after he was allocated to the New England Revolution via a blind draw on Aug. 24 , 2014 . The Designated Player played a vital role in helping the Revolution reach the 2014 MLS Cup with 15 appearances in all competitions , while scoring three goals and adding six assists . Jones played in 18 matches for New England during their 2015 MLS Regular Season campaign . After two seasons , he ended his tenure with the Revolution with 34 appearances , tallying three goals and adding six assists .
A native of Frankfurt , Germany , Jones spent the first 14 seasons of his club career in Germany with stints at Eintrancht Frankfurt , Bayer Leverkusen and Schalke 04 . During his time in Germany , Jones made 27 UEFA Champions League appearances . Jones also made brief stops at English side Blackburn and Turkish club Beskitas . The defensive midfielder earned three caps for Germany before being granted a change of association by FIFA to become eligible to represent the United States .
Jones made his debut for the Unites States Men 's National Team against Poland in Chicago on October 9 , 2010 , assisting Jozy Altidore 's goal in the 2-2 draw . Since joining the USMNT , Jones has become a regular for the United States . The 35-year-old has earned 67 caps , scoring four times for the USMNT , including four appearances during the 2014 FIFA World Cup . During the United States ' run to the Round of 16 in Brazil , Jones scored once during the United States ' 2-2 group stage draw with Portugal . Jones has also represented the U.S. at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup and the 2016 Copa America Centenario .
Mumbai Mirror 'revises ' Tanu Weds Manu Returns rating : Tabloid should be ashamed
On Friday , if you read Mumbai Mirror , Tanu Weds Manu Returns was a two and a half star film , according to film critic Rahul Desai . Today , if you go to the Mumbai Mirror website , it 's a three and a half star film . Some might think their memory is faulty , others may feel anxious about their eyesight , a few may worry about their counting skills . Everyone , relax . You did n't become blinder or stupider over the weekend . Mumbai Mirror decided that when it comes to a film review , journalistic ethics are n't really of critical importance .
In today 's paper , under a cutout of Charlize Theron from this year 's red carpet at Cannes , there 's a little notice to readers :
`` Our reviewer Rahul Desai had given this week 's main fare Tanu Weds Manu Returns two and a half stars . Following reader feedback and research which differed significantly from him , this newspaper is upgrading the rating of the film to three and a half stars . ''
It 's a pity 'reader feedback ' and 'research ' had n't taught Mumbai Mirror 's writer how to use commas , but faulty syntax is the least of the tabloid 's shames .
The note in today 's paper begs a couple of questions . First , why is Desai 's review still online if Mumbai Mirror does n't think it 's worth defending against the monument of erudite film criticism that is `` reader feedback '' ?
Second , what is this `` research '' that decided the changed rating ? Third , how can the newspaper impose someone else 's notion of a 'correct ' rating upon Desai 's review ? Also , why bother with reviews and reviewers if all that matters is a rating based on reader feedback ? Finally , is n't it a bit self-defeating for a news publication to report public opinion ? Presumably , the public already knows its opinion and does n't need to read it in the morning paper . There 's also a tantalising phrase in there — `` this week 's main fare '' . Does that mean that if Tanu Weds Manu Returns not been a highly-anticipated and/or hit film , there would have been no revision ?
Mumbai Mirror belongs to India 's largest media conglomerate , the Times Group , and is considered one of the more reliable sources of information about Mumbai . It has on numerous occasions been the first to unearth important civic and crime stories , as well as gossip . Its list of columnists are all respected writers . This is not the publication that you expect will hang its journalists out to dry .
Yet in two awkward sentences , Mumbai Mirror did precisely that . Perhaps because film reviews are considered fluffy and unworthy of serious attention , the hope was that no one would notice . Had a news report on a political rally seen a revision based on `` research '' and `` reader feedback '' , there would be an uproar .
But this is just a film review . It 's not really censorship . Right ? Wrong .
Mumbai Mirror declared its film critic Desai was wrong in his opinion of Tanu Weds Manu Returns , even though there 's no `` right '' or `` wrong '' when it comes to reviews . You may agree or disagree with the reviewer , but that 's about it . A film is not a maths exam : there is n't a correct answer . Yet the publication discredited its own reviewer , making it seem as though he had made a mistake , and distanced itself from Desai . That 's disgraceful .
Worse , Mumbai Mirror did n't revise its opinion of Desai 's review because its editors thought it was unjustified or ill-conceived . His credibility is being shredded because the public opinion `` differed significantly '' from his . So the ultimate judge of Desai 's critical faculty are not his peers at work , but a vast , anonymous community that may not be qualified to judge his writing .
If we take a leaf out of Mumbai Mirror 's book and treat reader feedback as truth , then 'research ' on social media suggests the tabloid crumpled under pressure from Eros , which produced and distributed Tanu Weds Manu Returns .
Why hire a critic if you will change his rating ? @ _mumbaimirror So much for freedom of expression ! Eg of medianet ? pic.twitter.com/yurQw3uEa9 — Rohini K ( @ rohinik ) May 25 , 2015
Wow , Eros . Could n't deal with one measly 500-word review that was n't to your liking , eh ? Fucking unbelievable . — Suprateek Chatterjee ( @ SupraMario ) May 25 , 2015
Mumbai Mirror upgrades its rating of TWMR.Y bother 2 reviewing at all ? If yr pals with the filmmakers just give 5 stars straight — manjula narayan ( @ utterflea ) May 25 , 2015
If Eros is indeed behind that little corrigendum , shame on them . Not just because the company has behaved like a bully , but because that quarter-column notice was definitely not paisa vasool . It ca n't be cheap to twist a major publication 's arm and if you 're going to go all the way with that splurge , then surely you want something flashier and bigger ? Perhaps a huge heart — throbbing like the red one in Whatsapp — with snippets of random people 's reviews ? After all , Tanu Weds Manu Returns is one of the biggest hits of the year and Eros shares have seen a 4 % jump because of the film .
There has been so much anger on this issue that Mumbai Mirror is now one of the top trending topics on Twitter . Many have asked how the tabloid could stifle freedom of expression as it did and many more have wondered whether Desai consented to the change in rating and accepted being publicly humiliated in the corrigendum-esque message printed today .
That `` reader feedback '' and some mysterious `` research '' can be used to discredit a critic is a malaise that is n't limited to Mumbai Mirror though . Once upon a time , critics were almost expected to be contrarian . Their job was to add to the existing body of knowledge , rather than parrot what people already thought .
However , kowtowing to public opinion and blurring the lines between advertisement and editorial content threatens to be the way forward in contemporary journalism . As it is now , journalism is a broken business model and no one is quite sure how to fix it . Our only source of strength and encouragement : we 've never had this many interested and eager-to-engage readers .
But in India , this enormous audience may end up to be a double-edged sword . Our viewers and readers are vocal , frustrated and yearning to outrage because it makes them feel less helpless . Unnerved by the intensity that 's been glimpsed in public surges like the anti-corruption begun by Anna Hazare and the pro-women 's rights movement that was galvanised by the Delhi gangrape of 2012 , public institutions often choose to follow prevalent moods because that feels like the safer option . If you do n't , you risk drawing the ire of online trolls and offline muscle-flexers . The media has choices to make at this juncture . How will we serve our readers , our integrity as well as our paymasters ?
The scandal right now may be at Mumbai Mirror 's doorstep , but it threatens all of Indian media . If publications does n't stand by their journalists , how will reporters have the confidence to poke around structures of power and corruption ? When we ca n't trust publications to hold their ground for something as uncomplicated as a film review , how do we believe what 's printed about politics and current affairs ? How can readers and viewers trust media to withstand the pressure they 'll face when they do controversial reports on defence , the economy and politics ? Will we only get news that does n't ruffle any important feathers ?
Updated Date : May 26 , 2015 12:37:01 IST
Related News What issue is `` Tibet issue '' ?
Think thrice when the dust is settled
Video : Stores under attack proved in legal operation
Chinese netizen discussion of '' boycott on French goods ''
`` RSF '' political activities sponsored by US and France
Related Channel News · Riots in Lhasa Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article People 's Daily Online Wednesday released an interview between Song Luzheng ( hereinafter will be Song ) and his French boss Bastien , trying to figure out why some Western media entities have long-held a biased , even hostile attitude towards China ; and why a few of them showed blatant discrimination towards China and went out of their way to slander China , as seen and heard following the Lhasa Riot and on the global tour of the Beijing Olympic torch relay .
Song : What remains confusing to us Chinese , including the overseas Chinese , is why the French government , as well as the people , are so actively –overzealously – and desperately involved in attacks and clampdowns on China . Some French media carried articles and editorials with evident anti-China sentiment which can be detected by just glancing at the titles : `` Olympic flame suffered a disastrous defeat in Paris , '' and `` A slap to China . '' To my knowledge , the Chinese-French relationship remains sound and without any substantial conflict or confrontation . China has never done anything to offend French interests ; and in particular , the two sides recently concluded a deal with a bulky order worth over 20 billion euros . Why would France opt to risk losing such a big and promising market like China ?
Bastien : ( pondering for a while ) For human rights .
Song : Human rights ? But why has the French government continuously offered aid and even sent protective troops to those African countries whose human rights records are even worse ?
Bastien : You are quite right , but…
Song : Let 's get down to Tibet . As a part of China 's territory , Tibet takes the lead in the country for tax exemptions ; and is also exempt from family planning restrictions . The per capita GDP in Tibet exceeds 10,000 yuan . Compared with parts of China 's mainland , Tibet enjoys the most preferential treatment as far as human rights are concerned . Why wo n't the French authorities shift their attention to other matters equally important as human rights ; and why do they , instead , always pin their focus on Tibet ?
Bastien : It is still different because of the Dalai Lama .
Song : When you mention the Dalai Lama , I wonder how much you know about Tibet .
Bastien : I do n't know very much about it .
Song : Then how much knowledge do you have about the Lama Buddhism ?
Bastien : I 'm sorry , I do n't know very much about it .
Song : It is unbelievable that your government can easily pick a side to join that is opposed to China , when it remains ignorant of the Dalai Lama and Tibet . The Dalai clique is a bloc mixing religion and politics . Mixing religion with politics is forbidden in Western Europe , including France ; and it is considered illegal .
Bastien : I 'm not quite sure about this , as nobody has told me about this .
Song : But the Dalai Lama has kept very close ties with the Aum Shinrikyo ( Supreme Truth ) cult .
Bastien : That 's impossible .
Song : But it 's a fact . The Dalai formed a tutor-pupil relationship with the Aum cult guru , Shoko Asahara ; and even worse , he accepted a 100,000-dollar offer from the Aum cult . In return , he granted the cult a certificate which gave the cult a religious status in Japan . It was because of the Dalai Lama who persistently supported and trumpeted Shoko Asahara that the Aum cult could acquire `` tax exemption '' privileges and accumulated funds to bankroll his cruel evil doing against the Japanese people .
Bastien : ( suspiciously ) Did it really happen that way ?
Song : You can find it on the Internet , and you can also find a group of photos with the both of them .
Bastien ( reticent ) …
Song : Then do you know what the Tibetan social structure was like before 1959 , when the so-called `` uprising '' was foiled by the central government ?
Bastien : Democratic society , of course .
Song : ( astonished ) What ? Democratic society ! Come on , that was serfdom ! It is incredible how you French could call it democracy .
Bastien : What ?
Song : Do you know why the Chinese were irate and outraged this time ? It is simply because your media fabricated news and made slanted reporting .
Bastien : ( excited ) Certainly impossible .
Song : The Chinese people both at home and abroad are still protesting this . RTF even fabricated a story saying the Chinese Embassy apologized to the French media .
Bastien : But was that true ?
Song : It was crafted news . China 's Foreign Ministry has straightened it out at the weekly press conference , stating that no such apology ever happened .
Bastien : Oh ! I did n't know that .
Song : When the armed rebellion erupted in Tibet in 1959 , the two brothers of the Dalai Lama were both working for the US 's CIA , as the U.S then tried to cultivate Tibetan rebellious groups and airdropped them into Tibet to launch and organize the riots .
Bastien : Are you sure about this ?
Song : Yes , this is history .
Bastien : As far as I know , the Dalai Lama has all along been seeking greater autonomy , not independence .
Song : But I wonder if you really know about the true nature of this `` autonomy . '' What is behind the `` autonomy '' he preaches are his unspoken political ambitions : first , he attempts to smash the existing social system in Tibet , and rebuild a Tibetan society by mixing religion and politics . Second , he attempts to force the central government to pull troops out of Tibet . And third , he attempts to establish the `` greater Tibet '' which covers Tibet Autonomous Region and neighboring provinces which have never belonged to Tibet ; and making up a quarter of China 's territory . He even attempts to carry out `` ethnic cleansing '' by driving the Han Chinese out of Tibet . Do you really believe Tibetans would enjoy more human rights under the leadership of such a political Lama ?
Bastien : Why has the Chinese side never explained this to other people ?
Song : We have . The Chinese government , embassy and the overseas scholars keep informing others of the truth . Unfortunately , you are selectively blind to the facts and turn a deaf ear to the calls for justice .
Song : There is still one thing I personally ca n't understand : why did the French government send such a hostile message to China this time ? You must have done this for a reason , right ? For instance , France strongly opposed to the U.S invasion of Iraq because of oil . More than a decade ago , the French government finished a deal with Taiwan on arms sales , which aroused great indignation from the Chinese and poisoned relations between the two countries . But we all knew , even then , it was driven by profit . But this time , for what ? Who will want to deal with such an unreliable and unpredictable friend in future ?
Bastien : ( silent ) I really did n't know about this before .
As we continued talking , I suddenly realized that Bastien is a French person with limited information and knowledge about Tibet and the Dalai Lama and fed by the media 's selective or even manipulative reports . I can not help but think of a military term – asymmetric warfare – which originally refers to war between two or more players or groups whose relative military power differs significantly . But today , `` asymmetric warfare '' can describe a conflict in which the resources of two opposing sides differ ; and during the struggle , each side interacts and attempt to exploit each other 's characteristic weaknesses . Some biased foreign media is launching pseudo- asymmetric warfare on China .
By People 's Daily Online
Four in 10 U.S. households are straining financially five years after the Great Recession — many struggling with tight credit , soaring education debt and profound issues related to savings and retirement , according to a new Federal Reserve survey .
The wide-ranging Fed study assessing the economic well-being of Americans shows that the economy has made progress to the point where most households said they were `` living comfortably '' or doing OK financially .
But almost 40 % reported last fall that their families were `` just getting by '' or struggling to do so , and more people said their financial situation was worse rather than better off compared with five years earlier .
The survey , conducted in September and reported Thursday , found that the recession had forced substantial shares of the population to put off big purchases or delay major decisions such as moving to a new city or getting married . And many people leaned on others to get through the hard times .
`` The survey indicates that many households have been providing assistance to one another during periods of financial distress , '' the 100-page Fed report said , noting that 34 % helped friends or family with money .
This suggests that some of the folks who dropped out of the labor force during the recession will not be returning . — Scott Hoyt , an economist at Moody 's Analytics
Overall , the Fed 's findings are consistent with many other studies and data depicting the deep and lingering effects of the 2007-09 recession . They provide fresh evidence that the recovery has been slow and uneven , generally skewed to the wealthy , and flesh out with numbers some commonly held assumptions .
The survey found , for example , that 15 % of those who had retired since 2008 had done so earlier than planned because of the downturn . Only 4 % said they had retired later than expected . Based on demographics , that translates into roughly 2 million more people retiring since 2008 than if the recession had not occurred .
`` This suggests that some of the folks who dropped out of the labor force during the recession will not be returning , '' said Scott Hoyt , an economist at Moody 's Analytics .
That could factor in to the current debate inside the Fed and among academics about the extent of labor market slack , that is , the number of people who are not in the workforce but willing and capable of filling a job .
Fed Chairwoman Janet L. Yellen has argued in favor of easy-money policies largely on the basis of her belief that there is significant slack in the economy , but others have maintained that there are far fewer such workers who are waiting in the wings .
The Fed 's report , however , captured a snapshot of households lasts fall , so there is no comparable data from prior years to assess changes over time . Since then , the recovery stalled in the winter , bounced back in the spring and produced six straight months of job growth surpassing 200,000 each .
The central bank conducts a far more extensive survey of consumer finances every three years , but the results of the most recent one , for 2013 , wo n't be released until early next year .
Even so , this latest snapshot , which the Fed said was aimed at monitoring the recovery and risks to financial stability , adds to the understanding of the severity of the Great Recession 's effect on households and individuals . The report suggested that Americans had a fairly positive outlook about their finances . More than 60 % said they expected their income to stay the same in the next 12 months , with 21 % looking for it to increase . Only 16 % expected it to decline .
Similarly , a plurality of homeowners — 60 % of respondents said they own homes — said they expected their houses to rise in value over the next year .
The recession has turned more Americans into renters , yet the survey suggests that 's not because they are n't interested in being homeowners . The most common reasons people gave for renting were because they could n't afford a down payment or could n't qualify for a mortgage .
On loans in general , about one-third of consumers were turned down or given less credit than they had sought . An additional 19 % reported putting off applying because they figured they would be rejected .
More recently , however , there are indications that lenders are loosening up . Separately , the Fed reported Thursday that consumer borrowing rose in June at a solid 6.5 % annual pace , mostly the result of gains in auto and student loans .
About one-fourth of households have education debt of some kind , according to the survey . The average amount was $ 27,840 — a hefty sum that left nearly one-fifth of the borrowers behind in payments or facing collections .
Financial strains also were evident in health spending : About one-third of respondents said they had put off medical care in the prior 12 months because they could not afford it .
Also , fewer than 40 % of households had a rainy-day fund to cover expenses for three months .
don.lee @ latimes.com
In early September 1930 , the Blackfeet Nation of Montana hosted a historic Indian Sign Language Grand Council , gathering leaders of a dozen North American Nations and language groups .
The three-day council held was organized by Hugh L. Scott , a 77-year-old U.S. Army General who had spent a good portion of his career in the American West , where he observed and learned what users called Hand Talk , and what is today more broadly known as Plains Indian Sign Language ( PISL ) . With $ 5,000 in federal funding , Scott filmed the proceedings and hoped to produce a film dictionary of more than 1,300 signs . He died before he could finish the project .
Scott 's films disappeared into the National Archives . Recently rediscovered , they are an important resource for those looking to revitalize PISL .
Among them is Ron Garritson , who identifies himself as being of Choctaw and European heritage . He was raised in Billings , Montana , near the Crow Nation .
“ I learned how to speak Crow to a degree , and I was really interested in the sign language , ” he said . “ I saw it being used by the Elders , and I thought it was a beautiful form of communication . And so I started asking questions . ”
Garritson studied Scott 's films , along with works by other ethnographers and now has a vocabulary of about 1,700 signs . He conducts workshops and classes across Montana , in an effort to preserve and spread sign language and native history .
Lingua franca
Prior to contact with Europeans , North American Native peoples were not a unified culture , but hundreds of different cultures and tribes , each with its own political organization , belief system and language . When speakers of one language met those of another , whether in trade , councils or conflict , they communicated in the lingua franca of Hand Talk .
Scholars dispute exactly when , in their 30,000-year history in North America , tribes developed sign language . It was observed among Florida tribes by 16th Century Spanish colonizers .
“ Coronado , as he documented in his journals in 1540 , was in Texas and met the Comanche , ” said Garritson . “ He documented that the Comanches made themselves so well-understood with the use of sign talk that there was almost no need for an interpreter . It was that easy to use and easy to understand . ”
While each tribe had its own dialect , tribes were able to communicate easily . Though universal in North America , Hand Talk was more prominent among the nomadic Plains Nations .
“ There were fewer linguistic groups east of the Mississippi River , ” said Garritson . “ They were mostly woodland tribes , living in permanent villages and were familiar with each other 's languages . They still used sign language to an extent , but not like it was used out here . ”
Hand Talk was also the first language of deaf Natives .
Erasing a culture
By the late 1800s , tens of thousands of Native Americans still used Hand Talk . That changed when the federal government instituted a policy designed to “ civilize ” tribal people .
Children were removed from their families and sent to government-run boarding schools , where they were forbidden to speak their own languages or practice their own spiritual beliefs . Native Deaf children were sent to deaf residential schools , where they were taught to use American Sign Language ( ASL ) .
Research has shown that Hand Talk is still being used by a small number of deaf and hearing descendants of the Plains Indian cultures .
`` Hand Talk is endangered and dying quickly , ” said Melanie McKay-Cody , who identifies herself as Cherokee Deaf and is an expert in anthropological linguistics .
McKay-Cody is the first deaf researcher to specialize in North American Hand Talk and today works with tribes to help them preserve their signed languages . She is pushing for PISL to be incorporated into mainstream education of the deaf .
`` Easier than hollering ''
Lanny Real Bird , who is Crow , Arikara and Hidatsa , grew up in a household where PISL was used .
“ My grandmother had hearing loss , ” he said . “ I 'd see my father signing with her in the Plains Indian Sign Language . I picked up basic sign language , enough to say , ‘ Yes ' or ‘ No , ' ‘ I 'm hungry . ”
As a boy , he played with a young relative who was deaf , who helped expand his signing vocabulary .
Real Bird , a former instructor at Montana 's Little Big Horn College , has worked for 20 years helping tribes preserve their languages , both spoken and signed , and has developed a 400 to 600-sign PISL course , which he teaches at community schools and workshops across the Plains states .
“ Right now we 're probably at the basic communications phase , ” he said . “ So in order to expand , we have to go to another level , from listening to understanding to rudimentary communicating to fluency and literacy . ”
Real Bird said it took nearly a decade to convince school systems to incorporate PISL into general language instruction .
“ Later this month , students of the Crow Reservation 's Wyola Elementary School will be showcased at the annual Montana Indian Education Conference , ” he said .
There , they will demonstrate their Crow language skills , both spoken and signed .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Apart from some warning signs there is little to indicate the border where the incident happened
Estonia says it is trying to get in touch with an Estonian security official detained by Russia at the border and accused of spying .
So far Russia has refused to let the Estonian consul in Moscow meet Eston Kohver . `` We do n't know where they are keeping him behind bars , '' the Estonian Security Police ( Kapo ) told the BBC .
`` As far as we know he was n't injured , '' police spokesman Harrys Puusepp said .
There is a dispute about whether he was seized on Estonian or Russian soil .
`` The consul should have been allowed to get into contact . The consul needs to meet him and get to the bottom of this situation , '' Mr Puusepp said .
`` We had protection for him , '' Mr Puusepp said , but there were `` explosions '' during the incident which enabled the assailants to abduct Mr Kohver .
`` We have proof he was definitely on Estonian ground . In that area the Estonian border is not fenced , it 's bushes , high grass and forest . There 's no line on the ground but everyone knows where it goes , it 's recognised by both sides , '' he said .
The dispute comes amid heightened tension with Russia . Estonia , like neighbouring Baltic states Latvia and Lithuania , joined Nato and the EU in 2004 .
The EU and Nato accuse Russia of directly helping separatists in eastern Ukraine with regular troops and heavy weapons . Russia denies doing so .
Image caption Tallinn : Estonia and other ex-Soviet states in the Baltic joined Nato in 2004
Rare incident
Estonia 's foreign ministry summoned the Russian ambassador on Friday over what it called the abduction of Mr Kohver by `` unidentified individuals from Russia '' near Luhamaa border checkpoint .
The alleged kidnappers reportedly jammed Estonian radio communications and used at least one smoke grenade during the incident .
Russia 's domestic security service , the FSB , said it had detained him as he was on a `` spying operation '' on Russian territory .
Mr Puusepp dismissed that allegation , saying Mr Kohver `` is n't in counter-intelligence - he was working on organised crime , contraband and corruption '' .
He said the border incident was `` very unusual - I ca n't remember anything like this since Estonia regained independence [ in 1991 ] '' . He said Mr Kohver had been `` abducted at gunpoint '' .
The FSB said Mr Kohver was caught carrying a pistol , 5,000 euros ( £3,980 ; $ 6,539 ) in cash , an eavesdropping device and `` other materials related to intelligence-gathering '' .
Dropbox may be taking another step in its very slow shuffle toward an IPO , and is now working with Goldman Sachs to prepare documents that could be filed as soon as this year , according to a report by Bloomberg .
The company is expected to hire Goldman Sachs as the lead advisor of the IPO process , according to the report . Getting another coveted “ lead left ” on the Dropbox IPO would be another feather in the cap for the bank , and another signal that Dropbox may finally start testing the waters of an initial public offering after years of uncertainty around its business . The company hit a $ 10 billion valuation riding a wave of euphoria around consumer startups earlier in the decade , but has since been frustrated by larger companies offering free file storage and sharing .
With its core consumer business rapidly approaching commoditization , Dropbox has had to differentiate itself with an additional portfolio of services and options . It 's started emphasizing its technology — specifically in terms of speed and simplicity — when observers have tried to draw comparisons between the company and other enterprise file-sharing services . Box is the most natural comparable on the market , which could potentially cause problems for Dropbox 's valuation as it seeks to go public .
A representative from Dropbox declined to comment .
To be sure , the company has been on a streak of touting its business successes . Earlier this year it said it hit a $ 1 billion revenue run rate on the strength of its growing business services . The company has also said it 's hit 500 million users . But in addition to having to fight the purely perceptual comparisons with Box and Microsoft , Dropbox has also had to compete on a product level as competitors gun for the same potential customer base .
To do that , Dropbox has been aggressively building its portfolio of business products and services . It launched its note-taking app , Paper , globally earlier this year . That also comes with another slew of updates to its business products and efforts in network expansion to further improve its pitch as a seamless and secure way to share and collaborate on files online .
As usual , this seems part of the process of testing the waters — and Dropbox may inevitably end up pulling out of the process or going in a different direction . You tend to see these kinds of signals in most companies as they try to gauge whether the market would be interested in buying shares in the company at a good valuation . It may also be a time to be extra careful after Blue Apron 's disastrous IPO and Snap 's huge decline since going public .
Valentina Karakhanian is one of two researchers from the Vatican Secret Archives who have gathered every document the Holy See keeps on the Armenian Genocide . The result is the dramatic chronological account of how the apostolic delegate of the then Pope Benedict XV gradually became aware of the tragedy that was being perpetrated and tried to stop it . VALENTINA VARTUI KARAKHANIAN Researcher , Vatican Secret Archives `` We have tried to organize the documents so that they themselves account for the massacre of Armenians . The protagonists include Armenians , bishops , nuncios , and ambassadors who lived or witnessed the first genocide of the 20th century . '' The main character of the book is the pope 's representative , Cardinal Angelo Maria Dolci . It shows how he tried to mobilize the diplomatic corps in Constantinople , denounce what happened and reach the Sultan , without much success . VALENTINA VARTUI KARAKHANIAN Researcher , Vatican Secret Archives `` The Vatican did what it could , and in some cases what it could not , because the Nuncio went to meet with people who were outside the diplomatic sphere . The apostolic delegate had no right to go to those offices . But he went and showed the delegation 's private documents , because to get to the Sultan it was necessary to show the pope 's signature . He met with ministers , with the Grand Vizier , and with the Sultan . He spoke on behalf of the pope and the Holy See , because he was certain that Pope Benedict XV wanted to help and save these people . '' The first-person accounts from the papal representative give a terrible close-up view of the extermination of Christians expelled from their homes . `` In some regions they have been massacred , others deported to unknown places , left to die along the way . There are mothers who have even sold their own children to save them from death . '' VALENTINA VARTUI KARAKHANIAN Researcher , Vatican Secret Archives `` At one point he understood that the persecution was not specifically against the Armenians , but against the Christians on the territory . The Christians had to be eliminated from that territory . Together with the Armenians , many Assyrians , Chaldeans , Melkites , Maronites were persecuted and murdered ... It was the pain and persecution that united them . '' It is estimated that the deportations and eliminations carried out by the Ottoman Empire between 1915 and 1916 resulted in killing 1,500,000 Armenians . There are many publications on the horror that these people experienced . But perhaps this is the first piece that gathers details of how the Holy See lived and combated the genocide . JMB/MB MG -FL - PR Up : MB
Austin police explain how handcuffed suspect shot himself Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Zachary Anam ( Courtesy : Anam Family Photo ) [ + - ] Video
AUSTIN ( KXAN ) -- Austin police are explaining how a handcuffed man was able to shoot himself in the head while in the backseat of a patrol car .
Interim Chief of Police Brian Manley says everything unfolded in less than six minutes . Police say video from inside the patrol car shows Zachary Anam , 19 , was able to pull his arms around the right side of his body , almost to the front of his body . Once he pulled his arms around , Manley says Anam was able to lie down in the backseat , place his head in front of the muzzle and fire one shot . The gun that Anam had in his possession was a Glock .380 semi-automatic pistol , that was reported stolen during a burglary of a vehicle last year , police say . Last spring , Austin police connected Anam and three other suspects to a string of vehicle burglaries and thefts across the Austin-area .
The situation that unfolded started as a shoplifting call Sunday afternoon . Officer Iven Wall and Officer John Ricker were called to the Macy 's at Barton Creek Square Mall to assist with a shoplifting suspect who had been detained by a Macy 's loss prevention officer .
Before Officer Wall placed Anam into the patrol car , a search of his body revealed a controlled substance . Anam was then handcuffed behind his back and placed into the back of Wall 's patrol car , with the seatbelt on . The officers originally could n't identify Anam , so they decided to drive him to Austin Police Department headquarters in downtown Austin to get fingerprints .
IN-DEPTH | Weapons found during Travis Co . Jail booking process ( 2013-Jan. 2017 ) Gun : 1 Stun gun : 1 Knives : 40 Razor Blades : 4 Source : Travis County Sheriff 's Office
`` As they got into the downtown area , he [ Anam ] began having conversations with Officer Wall about suicide and his concerns that he was suicidal , '' explains Interim Chief of Police Brian Manley in a news conference Tuesday afternoon . Officer Wall explained to the suspect that there would be mental health services available at the jail , but the suspect responded with a comment along the lines of `` that he was n't sure he could wait that long . ''
When the suspect indicated he had the means to commit suicide , Officer Wall relayed the message over the radio and immediately got out of the vehicle and left it parked at the corner of West Sixth Street and Lavaca Street . Officer Ricker , who was following Officer Wall , also got out of his vehicle to help make sure the public was out of harm 's way . During that time was when police say Anam shot himself . Anam was taken to the hospital where he died Monday morning .
When asked whether or not Officer Wall conducted a proper search of the suspect , Manley said since the department has n't interviewed him yet , `` it would be inappropriate for me to put out any information at this time . '' However , the interim chief says the department has `` very strict '' policies when it comes to searching an individual . `` If you take custody of an individual that is under arrest from another officer , even if they have already searched them , you are still required to search them . ''
Officer Wall , a 10-year veteran with APD , along with Officer Ricker , a 6-year veteran , are both on adminstrative leave as the investigation continues . There are currently two investigations going on right now , one focuses on whether or not policies were followed and the second is in regards to the in-custody death .
On Tuesday afternoon , Anam 's family released a statement to KXAN News stating , `` We are devastated by the loss of our wonderful son , and very grateful for the overwhelming outpouring from the many friends of Zac who have expressed their love of him and of us . ''
Story highlights Allegated acts are `` contrary to our values , '' company says
U.S . Investigations Services charged with false statements , breach of contract
It is alleged they used a computer program to `` flush '' or `` dump '' background checks
Prosecutors say at least 665,000 background investigations were involved
U.S. prosecutors have filed charges against a security company , accusing it of faking completed background checks to bilk the government of millions of dollars .
U.S . Investigations Services used a computer program to `` flush '' or `` dump '' background checks -- labeling them as completed , when in fact they had not carried out a quality review as required by the government contract , prosecutors allege in a complaint .
The fraudulent behavior involved at least 665,000 background investigations -- about 40 % of the total number the company conducted , prosecutors allege .
The company received nearly $ 12 million in bonus payments from 2008 through 2010 , which would not have been given if the U.S. Office of Personnel Management had known of USIS 's actions , the complaint says .
USIS is charged with three counts : false or fraudulent claims ; false statements , and breach of contract .
Other filings -- including by the defense -- remain sealed .
A USIS spokeswoman described the `` alleged conduct referenced in the civil complaint '' as `` contrary to our values and commitment to exceptional service . These allegations relate to a small group of individuals over a specific time period and are inconsistent with the strong service record we have earned since our inception in 1996 . ''
After the company learned of the allegations nearly two years ago , it `` acted decisively to reinforce our processes and management to ensure the quality of our work and adherence to OPM requirements . ''
`` We appointed a new leadership team , enhanced oversight procedures , and improved control protocols . From the outset , we have fully cooperated with the government 's investigation and remain focused on delivering the highest quality service under our OPM contracts , '' the spokeswoman said .
On its website , USIS describes itself as `` the leading industry provider of background investigations to the federal government , with a long-standing reputation for service , quality and timeliness . '' The spokeswoman said `` integrity and excellence are core values at USIS that guide the work of our outstanding 6,000 employees . ''
A lawsuit filed in federal court on Wednesday accused the San Jose police department of racially profiling a black family and then holding them at gunpoint in front of their 7-year-old child for no reason .
According to a lawsuit obtained by The San Jose Mercury News , Emmanuel Stephens and his wife , Jasmine Whitley , had just picked up their 7-year-old daughter from school when Officer Alexander Keller began following them .
The lawsuit said that Keller followed the family to their home where he jumped out of his patrol car and drew his weapon on them . Keller allegedly placed Stephens in handcuffs and threatened to send their 14-year-old child to Juvenile Hall if she tried to record the incident with a cell phone .
According to the lawsuit , officers searched the family 's vehicle without probable cause . Whitley was cited for a small amount of medical marijuana even though she produced proof of a prescription .
The couple was later told by another officer that police had received calls about “ suspicious black man with a purple backpack. ” The suit , however , asserted that Stephens did not have a purple backpack and that it would have been impossible for Keller to see one inside the car even if he did .
Attorney Paul B. Justi , who is representing the family , pointed out that this case could have turned deadly like so many other recent tragic encounters between police and minorities .
“ What happened to my clients happens all the time and is a real problem , ” Justi explained . “ This type of police misconduct only gets attention when someone ends up dead , but this type of non-lethal harassment is much more widespread and also need to be brought to light and stopped . ”
Earlier this year , the San Jose Police Department was sued by a black man who said he was stopped repeatedly for minor traffic violations because of his skin color .
With its burgeoning economy producing vast quantities of garbage , China is turning to new facilities that burn solid waste to produce electricity . But local citizens are increasingly protesting these incinerators , fearful that they emit toxic pollutants .
What once was a lush valley studded with small fish ponds , just north of one of Shenzhen 's major drinking water reservoirs , is now a vast crater of red earth — the construction site of what is expected to become the largest waste-to-energy incinerator plant on earth . A group of several dozen Shenzhen residents — fearing that landfilled waste ash , leachate , and airborne pollutants from the future Shenzhen East Waste-to-Energy Plant will make their way into the reservoir and the air — has launched a legal battle to halt the project . Their hope : to force authorities to relocate the waste-to-energy plant away from the reservoir , away from their communities , and closer to less-populated areas on the South China coast .
Activists protest waste-to-energy incinerators in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou .
Theirs is one of dozens of protests and lawsuits that have sprung up in China in recent years over the spread of waste-to-energy incineration plants , a technology that the central government and regional authorities view as essential to dealing with China 's rapidly growing solid waste problem . Over the past few years , protests against planned incinerators have taken place in Hubei , Hunan , Guangdong , Shandong , Hainan , Jiangxi , and Zhejiang provinces . Several have turned violent , exposing significant public distrust about these facilities . As China 's economy has boomed in recent decades , the amount of garbage and solid waste generated in the country has soared from roughly 30 million tons in 1980 to 200 million tons today , most of it winding up in ill-tended landfills around major cities . Those landfills are at or near capacity , spawning illegal waste dumping and burning . The World Bank estimates that by 2025 , China 's solid waste generation will double to more than 500 million tons annually . In Shenzhen , a teeming industrial city of 13 million near Hong Kong , the volume of solid waste has skyrocketed from 50 tons a day in 1979 to 15,000 tons today — a 300-fold increase . The region is expected to reach its landfill capacity by 2021.The waste management problem has become so acute in Shenzhen that in December 2015 a mountain of construction debris and trash collapsed and cascaded into industrial and residential areas , killing at least 69 people . But those protesting the Shenzhen East Waste-to-Energy Plant — which will produce enough electricity to power roughly 100,000 apartments — fear the facility will emit high levels of dioxins and other toxins . Their concerns persist despite assurances from the project 's developers that they will be employing state-of-the-art incineration technology and housing the operation in a building designed by two respected Danish architectural firms .
The Chinese government has set a target of disposing of nearly a third of the country 's garbage with waste-to-energy plants by 2030 .
The Shenzhen Intermediate People 's court ruled in the citizens group 's favor last December , requiring the municipal government to release a full environmental impact assessment , planning documents , and other data . The group used a crowd-funding campaign to raise 300,0000 yuan — $ 44,000 — to hire lawyers to press its case . The Shenzhen government has appealed the decision , sending it to the Guangdong provincial Supreme People 's Court in Guangzhou , where it currently remains in limbo as construction on the site begins . Li Zhixuan , a middle-class housewife and mother who has emerged as a leader for the group , bristles at the mention of the term NIMBY ( Not In My Back Yard ) , which officials and state-run media often used to describe opponents of incinerators here . “ This is not a simple NIMBY issue , there are a lot of very real concerns behind our opposition , ” Li says . “ The reservoir is only a kilometer away and the pollutants could reach it . There is also the air pollution . The government claims the incinerator will meet standards , but that does n't mean there wo n't be pollution , or cross pollution , since the reservoir is connected to other water sources. ” The Shenzhen East incinerator is designed to burn a third of the city 's residential waste each day , and officials hope to expand existing incinerators or build new ones to increase the amount of garbage incinerated to more than half of the city 's total by 2020 . By then , Shenzhen is expected to generate 20,000 tons of municipal solid waste a day . In China as a whole , the volume of municipal solid waste is growing at about 8 to 10 percent a year , and Beijing increasingly sees incinerators as an important solution to China 's waste woes . The central government has set a target of disposing of nearly a third of the country 's garbage and trash with waste-to-energy plants by 2030 . China 's housing , development , land , and environment ministries issued a document last November urging local governments to accelerate the construction of incinerators .
A worker tosses garbage into an overflowing waste facility in Shenzhen . The city produces 300 times more trash today than it did in the 1970s . China Photos/Getty Images
Wuhu Ecology Center , an environmental group in Anhui province that follows incinerator development in China , said that as of last year there were 231 incinerators in the country and another 103 being built or planned . The group , along with several partner NGOs around the country , also tries to monitor emissions from the existing facilities , but found that only 77 of the incinerators disclosed emissions data . Of those , around 20 percent did not meet the latest 2014 emissions standard requirements , the group found . “ The investments to construct and maintain these facilities are huge , and the companies that build them still need to make a profit , ” Zhang Jingning , a representative of the Wuhu Ecology Center said . “ They are similar to wastewater treatment plants in that they are a government-run business , so it can be difficult for environmental protection bureaus to supervise them. ” A central concern among incinerator opponents is that while well-financed incinerators like Shenzhen East may be using combustion and pollution-control technology equivalent to the latest incinerators in Europe and Japan , many incinerators in second- and third-tier Chinese cities are being built more cheaply and with inferior pollution controls . Even officials such as Teng Shengjun , senior engineer at the Urban Planning & Design Institute in Shenzhen , are concerned about low-cost waste-to-energy plants , some of which burn waste for as little as $ 2.60 a ton . Teng says that 's about 20 times cheaper than the cost of top European waste-to-energy incinerators and at least five times cheaper than the cost of burning solid waste in the future Shenzhen East plant . During a tour of a waste-to-energy plant on the other side of Shenzhen — this one operated by the same company building Shenzhen East — spokesperson Zhang Rigang compared the technology and standards being used to state-of-the art facilities in Europe . “ They say Germany has the highest technology standards [ for incinerators ] , but I think this is the best — it is very strong technology , ” Zhang said . We walk into to a room full of monitors , with engineers quietly tapping away on keyboards . Pollution emissions levels are on display , just as they are outside the facility as you drive up , on a large board in LED lighting . “ I get a text message [ from the local environmental protection department ] if any of the emissions levels are too high , ” Zhang said . State-of-the-art incineration plants burn garbage at temperatures of around 850 degrees Celsius ( 1,560°F ) — the optimal temperature to efficiently combust waste and reduce levels of air pollutants . Plants should also be equipped with advanced smokestack filtration technology to eliminate emissions of dioxins and other pollutants . An important aspect of waste-to-energy technology is feeding high-quality waste into the incinerators , which means sophisticated recycling programs at the household level , including the collection of food waste for composting . China 's recycling programs lag behind those of Europe and Japan , and so the waste stream in cities such as Shenzhen tends to have garbage with a higher moisture content — think discarded noodles dripping with oil , or old rice and stir-fried vegetables , instead of empty Big Mac boxes or stale baguette ends . The higher temperatures needed to burn garbage with elevated moisture content and more organic material means that incinerators corrode faster , with units needing to be replaced sooner . The chief goal of China 's growing number of waste-to-energy plants is to help alleviate the country 's massive solid waste problem , not to produce electricity . But electricity generation is a welcome byproduct . In 2014 , China estimated that waste-to-energy facilities produced about 18.7 billion kilowatts of energy , or 1.2 percent of total renewable energy production .
Cynicism among opponents is understandable , given the conflicts of interest around environmental protection in China .
×
There 's no end in sight to the DDoS threat , and this year the attacks are likely to get more frequent and even larger in scale .
Distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attacks have been plaguing companies for years , and they are becoming ever larger in scale , harder to mitigate , and more frequent , according to Deloitte Global .
Such attacks aim to render a website or connected device unusable by flooding it with traffic , often via a botnet consisting of numerous infected devices . It 's equivalent to hundreds of thousands of fake customers converging on a traditional bricks-and-mortar shop at the same time , overwhelming its staff and making it impossible for them to serve genuine customers . Hit with a DDoS attack , an e-commerce site may not be able to sell , a government site may not be able to process tax returns , or a news site may not be able to display content .
Last year witnessed the first attacks in which more than one terabit of junk data per second flooded the victim site . In 2017 , the average attack will send between 1.25 and 1.5 gigabits per second ( gbit/s ) ,1 according to Deloitte Global , which expects an average of one terabit-per-second attack every month and over 10 million attacks over the course of the year.2
Three Contributing Factors
As the scale of DDoS attacks has steadily increased over the years , defenses have been scaled up as well , amounting to a game of cat and mouse in which neither side has become too powerful . In 2017 that might change in attackers ' favor because of three underlying trends :
Insecure internet of things ( IoT ) devices . One factor is that the base of insecure connected IoT devices—which can include anything from video cameras and digital video recorders to routers and appliances—is growing .
Compromising a connected device remotely often requires knowledge of its user ID and password . Most users are familiar with the need to change this information before using a device for the first time , and at regular intervals thereafter , but not everyone does . At the same time , approximately half a million of the billions of IoT devices worldwide reportedly have hardcoded , unchangeable user IDs and passwords . Such credentials can be discovered by someone with programming knowledge who searches the device 's firmware .
Meanwhile , devices that lack screens or have only small displays , such as connected cameras or digital video recorders , may not be able to signal the need for an upgrade or even to run antivirus software.3 There is usually no perceived deterioration in the performance of a compromised device either , meaning owners may remain completely oblivious for years .
Step-by-step instructions . Historically , launching DDoS attacks consistently and on a large scale has required considerable expertise . But in late 2016 , in the wake of a 620 gbit/s attack enabled by the so-called Mirai malware , instructions on how to replicate the attack were posted online , most likely to cover the perpetrator 's tracks . The post included the malware 's source code as well as default user IDs and passwords for a range of connected devices , opening the door for others to replicate it . In 2017 , there could be further attacks based on the Mirai code .
Increasing bandwidth speeds . Also making major DDoS attacks more likely are the increased broadband uplink speeds becoming commonplace today . The higher the uplink speed , the greater the amount of junk traffic that can be sent—and disruption inflicted—by each compromised device . A user with a compromised device and a gbit/s uplink could unknowingly wreak the same damage as a hundred compromised devices on a more common 10-megabit-per-second uplink .
In 2017 and over the coming years , two major network upgrades are expected in several markets . Cable networks are being upgraded to Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification ( DOCSIS ) 3.1 , enabling multigigabit speeds , and copper networks are being upgraded to G.fast broadband technology , enabling speeds of hundreds of megabits per second via traditional copper strands . This is in addition to the rising number of fiber-to-the-home and fiber-to-the-premise installations being added worldwide . By 2020 , there are likely to be hundreds of millions of gigabit-capable connections worldwide .
The Bottom Line
DDoS is not a new topic for 2017 ; what is new is the potential scale of the problem . Any organization that depends on the internet should be aware of a possible spike in the impact of such attacks . Companies have several options that can help mitigate the threat , including :
Decentralize . A concentrated locus of information and computing makes it easy to identify DDoS attack targets such as data centers and servers . Organizations may benefit from designing and implementing architectures that disperse these capabilities physically and logically while maintaining the performance of traditional centralized approaches .
Oversubscribe . Large organizations can lease more bandwidth capacity than they currently need , not just to allow for commercial growth but also to help minimize the effects of any DDoS attack . If an attacker is unable to muster enough traffic to overwhelm this capacity , the attack wo n't be effective .
Test . Organizations can identify vulnerabilities proactively . Controlled and friendly testing can be used to review DDoS response mechanisms and general resilience , helping to identify shortcomings in test scenario design , metrics , assumptions , and scope .
Defend . Static , predictable behavior facilitates attack planning and execution . Companies can reduce their risk by developing agile defensive techniques , including the design of deceptive approaches that establish a false reality for attackers or disperse adversarial traffic .
Detect . Explore possibilities for more granular traffic filtering , such as by geography . If traffic surges from a particular location , it may need to be treated as suspicious . Large quantities of new traffic may also be suspect . Companies could ask telecommunications companies to filter at the domain name server ( DNS ) level , possibly tracking traffic from other countries or major internet exchange points if required .
DDoS attacks are likely to increase in intensity in 2017 and beyond , and attackers are likely to become more inventive . CIOs , take note : The DDoS genie is out of the bottle , and is very unlikely to pop back in .
—by Paul Lee , partner and head of global technology , media , and telecommunications ( TMT ) research , Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited ; and Duncan Stewart , director of TMT research , Deloitte Canada
While they do n't include the costs of the HPP powertrain division in Brixworth , the numbers suggest that F1 is a bargain for Mercedes in terms of the exposure the marque receives , certainly compared to the sort of figures spent by rivals Porsche and Audi in sportscar racing in recent years .
Any suggestions that Mercedes has entertained thoughts about eventually pulling out of the sport due to cost issues are wide of the mark .
The Brackley team 's 2016 accounts show that turnover rose from £213.2m the previous year to £289.4m last year . That figure includes sponsorship , income from the Commercial Rights Holder , and what the team calls “ marketing revenue ” - the payments that it receives from Daimler AG .
Costs increased by £27.9m in 2016 , due to the extra R & D investment required as the team prepared for the huge changes to the 2017 regulations , and to currency exchange rate losses .
There was also a £15.9m tax charge , as opposed to a £13.3m tax credit in 2015 , which resulted from “ a reassessment of consortium tax relief claims in prior years . ”
The team made an operating profit of £14.3m – compared to a loss of £33.9m in 2015 . However , after that tax payment was taken into account , along with interest charges , the final figure was a loss of £3.7m – very different from the post-tax credit £22.2m overall loss of the previous year .
Although not specified in the official accounts , the most intriguing aspect is just how modest a sum Daimler AG has to put into the team , given how it has so successfully generated both prize money and sponsorship .
“ I do n't want to say the precise number , but the marketing contribution from Daimler is around 10 percent of revenue , ” Toto Wolff told Motorsport.com .
“ Which is a fraction of the exposure they generate . It makes us profitable . The revenue growth is encouraging , and we 've seen it in all sectors .
“ We 've had it from TV revenues , or the prize fund , we 've had revenue growth from the sponsorship side , we 've had revenue growth with other income such as additional events we are hosting , and driver programmes , etc . It 's an encouraging slope . ”
Race winner Lewis Hamilton , Mercedes-AMG F1 celebrates with Dr. Dieter Zetsche , Daimler AG CEO and the team Photo by : XPB Images
CCB kickback
The key is the Constructors ' Championship Bonus money and the special payment made to Mercedes following the double 2014 and 2015 title successes , which kicked in as extra income during the 2016 season .
It stems from the deal that Mercedes struck with Bernie Ecclestone shortly before the start of the turbo era , at a time when the top teams were negotiating for extra income in return for making a long-term commitment to the sport .
In essence , Ecclestone told the team that if it could match the sort of level of success achieved by Red Bull Racing , who signed up early , that would trigger an extra payment – widely reported to be worth $ 35m .
The challenge was to win two consecutive constructors ' championships , and 25 grands prix , across two seasons . Ecclestone was pretty confident that Mercedes would n't reach that target , but his bluff was called .
Within Mercedes there was total confidence in its upcoming 2014 hybrid V6 package and the chassis that went with it , and the team invested heavily to ensure that no stone was left unturned in preparing for the new era .
“ What the system rewards is success on track , ” Wolff explains . “ When we discussed the deal we did in 2012 and 2013 , we considered whether we wanted to invest the money in growing the business and building capability and resource in order to achieve a higher share of the prize fund . And it was a very conscious decision , and we were rewarded .
“ You can see from the numbers , it 's not only dependent on the prize fund growth . If you calculate in the extraordinary payment [ from F1 ] , the main growth is actually coming from sponsorship and third party revenue .
“ CCB is linked to the prize fund , and therefore the prize fund growing means that the CCB payments are growing . If you 're first in the CCB payments , because of your on-track record , it adds considerably . ”
The point is that when Wolff goes to the Daimler AG board and shows them the numbers , they realise what a good deal F1 is for the Mercedes brand .
“ It 's great value for the brand , because you consider that the marketing contribution on the chassis side is less than 10 percent for the team , and you 're a frontrunning team , '' Wolff adds .
`` And this is actually targeted expectation . The expectation is not to win every race or every championship , as long as you 're within the top three is what we have decided with the board as the way forward .
“ Considering that contribution , it 's great value that they are generating . I think what we have achieved over the last years is some credibility , that our assumptions were actually becoming reality . ”
Lewis Hamilton , Mercedes-Benz F1 W08 leads at the start of the race Photo by : Sutton Images
Project One links
As noted earlier , these numbers do not include the cost of running the HPP engine facility in Brixworth , which had a turnover of £140m in 2016 .
Some of that is income from F1 customers Williams , Force India and until last season Manor , but the bulk of it represents payments from Daimler AG .
It is regarded as R & D expenditure , rather than being allocated to a marketing budget like the race team payments , and its costs represent just a small fraction of what a company like Mercedes spends on R & D overall .
And thanks to the recently-launched Project One hypercar , there is now a genuine link to production technology to help justify the F1 spending .
“ You must not forget that the R & D side is starting to kick in on road car production . The Project One car that we have launched , and which is going to be produced in a limited series of 275 cars , is sold out , '' says Wolff .
“ We could have probably sold 10 times more cars . And that is the F1 engine as it is now , and the combination of the hybrid and combustion technology becomes a real part of road car technology . It 's a profitable business case , and the promotion for Mercedes has been huge . ”
Mercedes-AMG Project ONE Photo by : Motor1
Making teams self-sufficient
So what can we conclude from all this ? The successful major F1 teams are spending more each year , but they are also generating more income , so in effect their owners do n't have to invest as much as those of smaller and less successful teams .
Consider that Dietrich Mateschitz only had to put around £10m of Red Bull GmbH 's money into Red Bull Racing in 2015 , although that rose to £40m last year after he literally began to pay the price of a drop off in on-track performance , and prize money fell .
Liberty wants all teams to be financially successful , and if possible , self-sufficient . That 's why there 's such a push now to reduce costs , or spending , as the rules for 2021 and beyond are being formulated .
“ I 'm prepared to have that discussion on the cost side , ” says Wolff . “ Because we need to contain further cost escalation , and longer-term probably adjust the gap of the spending situation between the largest teams and the smallest teams in a reasonable way , with a glide slope that is feasible .
`` I think all of us are living in the same financial reality , and we need to have that discussion . ”
The other side of the equation is , of course , income , and inevitably Liberty is equally keen to rein in what it has to pay the teams in the future .
The general philosophy is that the teams can expect to earn more as the pie gets bigger , but the percentage size of their slices will be a negotiation battleground in the months and , indeed , years to come .
What is clear is that the teams do n't want reduced costs or spending to be used as an excuse by Liberty to cut their income .
“ I do n't think we should be doing the negotiations over the media , ” argues Wolff . “ Some have done that in the past , and I do n't think it 's the right way .
“ F1 's income has been growing year-on-year . And the teams take a share . Of course every team needs to look at its own profit and loss and optimise on income , and equally we know that on the other side Liberty has all the business , and will try to optimise on their bottom line .
“ I think it 's just about optimising the value that the teams have , and then find a good solution for everybody . Everybody needs to benefit , and I think you need to recognise that everybody wants to benefit in a bigger way . ”
UAW sellout of American Axle strike imminent
By Shannon Jones
18 April 2008
Click here to download this article as a leaflet .
The United Auto Workers is rapidly pushing to finalize a concessionary agreement in the now eight-week-long strike by 3,600 workers in Michigan and western New York against auto parts maker American Axle .
According to a report in the industry journal Automotive News , a tentative agreement could be reached by this weekend . The paper quoted American Axle spokesperson Renee Rogers who said , “ Negotiations are continuing progressing . The process is moving along . ”
Automotive News wrote : “ The two sides are making progress on three fronts : Wages , health care and legacy costs , and job classifications. ” American Axle is insisting on a wage cut from $ 28 an hour to as low as $ 11.50 , the elimination of pensions , steep cuts in health-care benefits and a massive consolidation of job classifications that would lead to substantial job reductions .
As usual , the UAW refused to make any comment on the content of the negotiations . However , in an op-ed piece published in the Detroit News earlier this month , UAW President Ron Gettelfinger said contract proposals submitted by the union would impose “ real sacrifices on our members . ”
On Wednesday the UAW abruptly cancelled a strike support rally set for April 18 in Detroit , citing “ progress ” in the talks . The calling off of the rally came as a surprise and slap in the face to American Axle workers , who were attempting to mobilize wide participation . Fear of a large turnout , not only of American Axle workers but other rank-and-file autoworkers , was undoubtedly a major factor in the decision by Solidarity House to scuttle the event . Since the walkout began in late February the UAW has done everything it can to isolate and demoralize the strikers .
In any event , Gettelfinger made it clear the UAW bureaucracy never intended the rally as part of a serious effort to mobilize workers behind the strike , declaring in the previously cited op-ed piece , “ We 'd like nothing better than to cancel our rally because the strike was resolved by having a ratified contract . ”
The cancellation of the support rally and continuing total information blackout imposed by the UAW International on the rank and file leave no doubt that the union is preparing an imminent betrayal .
The chief remaining issue to be resolved in the contract talks appears to be the division of the spoils between American Axle and General Motors . The axle maker was set up in 1994 after GM sold several axle and driveline factories to a group of private investors led by current American Axle CEO Richard Dauch . A report in the April 17 Detroit Free Press indicates that GM is resisting demands that it contribute toward “ attrition packages ” for American Axle workers . For its part the giant automaker expects American Axle to use part of the millions it gains from concessions to subsidize price reductions for the parts it supplies to GM assembly plants .
The UAW is moving to wrap up the strike even as the impact of the American Axle walkout is spreading .
Thirty GM plants have already been partially or totally shut down by the strike . According to Automotive News , the strike is beginning to have an impact on production of some of GM 's better selling models . Production of the Cadillac DTS and Buick Lucerne has been slowed at the Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant . Now it is reported that production of the HHR crossover is slowing at the GM facility in Ramos Arizipe , Mexico due to a parts shortage ; the Saturn Vue could soon be impacted . Production of Kodiak trucks in Silao , Mexico could also soon be slowed . GM also announced the cancellation of one shift of production at its Oshawa , Ontario car plant starting next week
On April 17 , 2,600 workers at a GM plant outside of Lansing , Michigan struck over local issues . The facility builds the Buick Enclave , Saturn Outlook and GMC Acadia . A strike by workers at a local parts supplier had already slowed production at the plant .
The walkout undoubtedly reflects , at least in part , the enormous sympathy that exists among autoworkers for the American Axle strike . However , from the standpoint of the UAW the walkout is a cynical maneuver . By calling the strike the UAW is applying a little additional pressure on GM to help facilitate the sellout of American Axle workers by putting up money for buyouts as it did at auto parts maker Delphi last year .
With the majority of GM units yet to sign local agreements , the UAW could call a wave of crippling strikes . But it has no intention of doing this . The union recently withdrew a strike notice at a GM plant in Flint , Michigan that was set to walk out over local issues and put off threats of strikes at plants in Warren and Grand Rapids , Michigan while it continues to drag out talks .
After attempting to starve out workers , leaving them isolated on the picket line for two months surviving on a miserable $ 200 a week strike paycheck , the UAW evidently calculates it is time to try to force through a vote on concessions .
American Axle workers can not afford to wait while the UAW prepares to impose a sellout . They must form independent rank-and-file committees to campaign against any return to work without a contract and rejection of any concessions agreement .
They must take the initiative to spread the strike by appealing directly to workers at the Big Three auto plants , including their brothers and sisters in Canada and Mexico . They must fight to mobilize support independently of the UAW bureaucracy from throughout the working class , including unemployed and nonunion workers .
Massive support could be won for such a struggle because the fundamental issue in the strike , the right to earn a decent wage , is vital to the future of every worker . It comes amidst reports of hedge fund managers making billions of dollars off of a home mortgage crisis that threatens millions with losing their homes .
The basic precondition for mounting such a campaign is for workers to put aside any illusions in the UAW . It has been transformed into a wealthy business enterprise , no less ruthlessly committed to the defense of capitalism and the suppression of the class struggle as American Axle CEO Richard Dauch . The union apparatus , from Gettelfinger down to the local level , is determined to crush this strike to prevent any precedent being set for a successful struggle .
Workers must be prepared to resist attempts by the UAW bureaucracy to organize a return to work and a hasty ratification vote and efforts by the UAW to mobilize its apparatus to pressure and intimidate opponents of a sellout .
However , militant action is not enough . A new political strategy is needed . American Axles workers are not simply in a battle against one employer , but confront a social and political system that is entirely hostile to the interests of millions of working people like themselves around the world .
Their struggle takes place in the midst of a presidential election campaign in which all the major party candidates pledge to continue spending hundreds of billions on the illegal occupation of Iraq while pledging next to nothing to healthcare , education or aid to homeowners facing foreclosure . Neither Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton nor John McCain have offered a word of support to the American Axle workers because they are all beholden to the interests of corporate America and its drive to make workers pay for the worsening economic crisis .
The working class must break with the Democrats and Republicans , the two parties of big business , and construct its own political party to wage a struggle against the profit system . This includes the fight for public ownership of the auto companies and other key industries under the democratic control of the working class in order to carry out the rational organization of production to meet human needs , not profit .
The new next-generation Standard Missile-3 ( SM-3 ) is scheduled to be deployed at sea and ashore by 2018 .
On June 6 , the United States and Japan successfully conducted a live-fire test of a jointly developed new ballistic missile interceptor at a U.S. Navy sea range .
Raytheon Co 's next-generation Standard Missile-3 ( SM-3 ) Block IIA , has been under joint development by the U.S. defense firm Raytheon and Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , the country 's largest defense contractor . According to IHS Jane 's Defense Weekly , Raytheon was contracted for hardware , system development , and all-up-round integration , whereas Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries focused on the missile 's second and third stage rocket motors , steering control , and the missile nosecone .
The United States contributed a little over $ 2 billion to the weapon program , which began in 2006 , while Japan provided around $ 1 billion in funds . Reuters quoted Riki Ellison , head of the US-based Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance , who notes that this “ is the U.S. Department of Defense 's best case of equal funding and engineering shared with an allied country to develop and … field a new weapon system to better enhance the national security of both nations . ”
In detail , the SM-3 Block IIA is designed to destroy short- to intermediate-range ballistic missile threats in space and can be deployed at land-based Aegis Ashore sites . The Raytheon company website elaborates on two distinct new features : “ [ L ] arger rocket motors that will allow it to defend broader areas from ballistic missile threats and a larger kinetic warhead . ”
Consequently , in comparison to previously developed SM-3 Block missiles , the SM-3 Block IIA “ will engage threats sooner and protect larger regions from short- to intermediate-range ballistic missile threats , ” the news release states . The missile , which works in conjunction with the U.S. Aegis combat system ( also in use on Japanese naval ships ) , is the world 's “ only ballistic missile killer deployable on land and sea , ” according to the Raytheon company website .
Last week 's test was jointly announced by the Technical Research and Development Institute ( TRDI ) of Japan 's Ministry of Defense ( MOD ) , and the U.S. Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) , in cooperation with the U.S. Navy illustrating the scope of joint U.S.-Japanese cooperation on this project .
“ The SM-3 Cooperative Development project is the joint U.S.-Japan development of a 21-inch diameter variant of the SM-3 missile ( … ) Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense ( BMD ) is the naval component of the Ballistic Missile Defense System ( BMDS ) , ” the MDA statement explains .
The test itself , conducted at the Point Mugu Sea Range on San Nicolas Island in California , did not involve the interception of a target as the MDA notes :
This test , designated SM-3 Block IIA Cooperative Development Controlled Test Vehicle-01 , was the first live fire of the SM-3 Block IIA . The missile successfully demonstrated flyout through nosecone deployment and third stage flight . No intercept was planned , and no target missile was launched , ” the MDA stated in a press release .
SM-3 Block IIA will have a total of five more flight tests through 2018 , the scheduled date of the missiles deployment at sea and on land as Mitch Stevison , Raytheon 's senior SM-3 program director , explained to IHS Jane 's Defense Weekly :
File this under someone else 's rumor , namely WP7Fourm.ru , but we like the guys over there , and they 've generally had things right in the past . According to a ‘ trusted source ' , the first Lenovo Windows Phone could be finished as early as April , with an early summer time-frame for an actual release .
Microsoft only announced on Sunday that Lenovo – along with LG , Foxconn and others – have joined the Windows Phone camp . Besides the growing popularity of the OS , three other reasons why many companies are now on board was the reduction in hardware controls , e.g . software keys are a go , new Snapdragon chipsets and the Qualcomm Reference Design . All three of those changes significantly reduce development costs for OEMs who also make Android phones .
Lenovo 's first Windows Phone is not expected to compete at the high-end though , so do n't expect that ‘ ThinkPhone ' just yet . Instead , WP7Forum.ru claims the device will be mid to low range with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 or 600 , and the price will be lower than the sum of 15,000 rubles . Screen size will reportedly be in the 4.5-5 inch range .
In the spirit of Easter , and most of you scoffing your faces with delicious chocolate eggs , we thought we 'd compile a list of our favorite Halo Easter Eggs across all games in the franchise .
Before we start , if you are unaware what an Easter egg is , it is usually something hidden in a video game that the developers placed for a bit of a joke . Halo is filled with a huge amount of these , and if you know Bungie , you know they have a pretty great sense of humor when it came to them .
Ray “ CyReN ” Smith
One of my favorite Easter Eggs comes from Halo : Combat Evolved called the “ Thirsty Grunt ” . As a young fan I would constantly replay the Campaign since it was so fresh and so different at the time . I remember coming across this stray Grunt at the end of The Maw and he would randomly just start talking , I really had no idea what to think of it at the time . After some quick Googling I found out it was an in-game Easter Egg , it blew my mind at the time .
Rhys “ Moa ” Weir
My favorite Halo Easter Egg of all time has to be the hilarious message you get when you attempt to flip the Elephant in Halo 3 on Sandtrap .
I first got Halo 3 when I was 11 years old back in Christmas of 2007 ( that 's right , I 'm a Halo 3 kid ) . Like pretty much everyone else , I 'd visit the Bungie.net forums and talk about the game and head over to YouTube to look for cool things to do . The one thing that every single person who ever owned an Xbox 360 knew about , was flipping the Elephant .
So I went into Forge and I tried a variety of different ways to flip it… Scorpion in the back , drop pod in the back or even 50+ explosives in the back on instant respawn . Every single time , the payoff was worth it .
“ Hold RB to flip… wait what ? How did you do that ? ”
Bungie always had a great sense of humor when it came to their games and this was by far one of the best .
John “ Unyshek ” Junyszek
My favorite Halo Easter Egg is the Energy Sword hidden on the Halo 2 mission , Outskirts .
I used to run around the outside of that map for hours , jumping from rooftop to rooftop . These hours of jumping were my way of investigating the best way around the map so that I could beat it on Legendary as quickly as possible . Eventually , I found this a cracked building , fell down into the room , and found an energy sword ! Since this was one of the first Easter Eggs I had ever seen in any video game ( combined with the fact that I found it entirely on my own ) , it quickly became my favorite Halo Easter Egg .
Jarrod “ Clicked ” Dunfee
Halo is known to have a ton of obscure Easter eggs , but one of my favorites is the “ Half-Naked Guy ” egg . The Half-Naked Guy is in fact Jason Jones , co-founder of Bungie Studios . In the last level of the Halo 3 campaign , there is a secret area at the very beginning of the level .
On one side of the room , you have a secret terminal for a Halo achievement , but on the other side , there is an opening that seems to lead to nowhere . If you look closely , there is a small platform that can just barely be reached with a well timed grenade jump . After one final jump into another secret room , you will see Jason Jones bouncing up and down in the corner .
The reason why this Easter egg is my favorite is because of how difficult it was to get to the secret room . I remember loading up the Halo 3 campaign with a friend after hearing about this Easter egg on the internet . The jump to the first platform felt like it was the most difficult jump in Halo history .
After failing over a hundred times , I finally overcame the obstacle by jumping off of my friend 's head and pushing myself forward a little bit more with a grenade . Trust me , it 's a lot easier said than done , but totally worth it .
Ryan “ Infinity ” Cox
My personal favorite secret in any Halo is absolutely Rooster Teeth 's Halo 3 Easter egg .
Red vs. Blue is something that has helped define everything that is Halo machinima , and therefore the creators got their own personal egg in Halo 3 .
During the ‘ Crow 's Nest ' level of campaign , if you stray off the normal path of the mission , you can find a door at the far end of the level .
If you continue to listen to the soldier standing and banging on the door , you 'll catch a conversation that is quite hilarious . Featuring the voices of Simmons , Grif , Caboose , and more , the conversation you hear will vary based on the difficulty you selected .
If you have n't seen this egg already , check out all of the possible conversations . I still stop by this door every time I decide to play through the mission .
Andrew “ Andy ” Marx
Do I really need to explain why this is my favorite ? Not only is it the one and only Marty O ' Donell , ( Who has unfortunately parted ways with Bungie ) but he 's also dancing , with hearts .
The story goes that one day Marty interrupted an animation shoot . Not only did he interrupt it , he also tried to be funny by doing a little jig in front of the camera . Pat Jandro , the Senior Cinematic Designer at Bungie instantly knew what he had was gold . A few Bungie employees managed to quickly get something together and spliced it together with Marty 's own Siege of Madrigal Easter egg .
Marty never knew this was actually going to be in the game Marty held a contest to reward the first person to find his Siege of Madrigal Easter egg . When he got the footage he gathered some Bungie employees around to show them , but what he saw totally surprised him , he had no idea . And thus , a legendary gif was born .
Joseph “ Saucey ” Bentley
My favorite Easter egg is stumbling across these guys below in Halo 3…with a teddy bear . My friend actually introduced me to this gang of lovable cavemen while we were playing co-op on Sierra 117 and I could not believe they were actually real , and in the game .
There were plenty of amazing Easter eggs throughout the Halo series but this one really sticks out to me just because of the reaction I had when I first saw them . Also the teddy bear .. why do they have a… never mind . Hopefully we see a new teddy bear armor ability in Halo 5 , I would n't even be mad .
So there you have it . That 's some of the Beyond staff 's favorite Easter Eggs from the Halo franchise and we 're curious , what are yours ? Are you a fan of the semi-naked Jason Jones in Halo 3 ? We want to know . Let us know on our forums .
Ammonia excretion
Woodlice do not produce urine . Instead of excreting urine , woodlice excrete their nitrogenous waste in the form of ammonia gas . Most animals find ammonia to be too toxic for excretion and so any ammonia formed is normally converted to urea or uric acid for excretion .
Woodlice seem to have very high resistance to ammonia and are able to excrete it as a gas directly through the surface of their exoskeleton . This means that they do not need to use energy to convert the ammonia to area or uric acid before excretion .
Blue blood
Woodlice along with most other crustaceans have the compound haemocyanin in their blood . Haemocycanin carries oxygen in the same way that haemoglobin does in mammals . Haemocycanin contains a copper atom instead of the iron atom found in haemogobin . The blood is pale blue when it is carrying oxygen and colourless when it is not carrying oxygen .
Because a woodlouse contains very small amounts of haemocycanin it is not possible to see these colour changes by direct observation .
Blue Woodlice
An iridovirus can infect woodlice and at advanced stages of infection virus accumulates in such large numbers that it forms crystallinel structures in the diseased tissues . These crstalline structures give an intense blue or purple colour to the woodlice .
Individuals infected to this extent will usually die within a short time .
Orange Porcellio scaber
This orange form appears to be rare in this region . The example here is the only one found in a collection of over 400 from the same compost heap - it is also the only one , of two , that I have observed over the last 10 years . The red forms of woodlice are genetically determined but their rarity suggests that this form is not as well adapted to the habitat as the darker gray forms .
Coprophagy
Woodlice , like many other animals , eat their faeces . In the case of woodlice this helps them to reabsorb sufficient copper minerals which have been lost in their faeces . Bacterial action on the faeces probably changes the copper to a form which is more easily absorbed into their bodies . Coprophagy is the term used to refer to the eating of faeces .
Drinking through the anus
Woodlice get water with their food . But they can also drink it through their mouth parts and also by using their uropods . The uropods are tube-like structures on the posterior ( back end ) of the animal . When they use them for drinking they press their uropods close together and touch it against a moist surface . Capillary action pulls the water up the uropods and into the anus .
Woodlice also seem to be able to absorb water vapour directly through their exoskeleton surface in regions of high humidity , and in fact if they remain in high humidity regions for too long they appear to become water logged and then tend to move to areas of lower humidity .
Isaac Asimov and Woodlice
When he was a young child , Isaac 's mother was startled by the strange expression on his face and asked him what was wrong . He was unable to reply so she became alarmed by this apparent affliction . Isaac , in an effort to calm his mother spat out a mouthful of woodlice .
When asked why he had done such a thing , he replied that he had thought that they would probably tickle his tongue as they walked about inside his mouth . Apparently they did tickle - although his mother did not appreciate this turn of scientific curiosity .
Moulting
You may sometimes see a woodlouse which is two-toned . For example the front half of the body may be a pinkish colour and the back half may be the `` normal '' grayish colour . This occurs because the woodlouse moults its exoskeleton in two sections . It first moults the back half of its exoskeleton , then a few days later it moults the front half .
The advantage of this two part moult is to help reduce its vulnerability to predation or desiccation during moulting . Adults moult about every two months .
Sense of smell
Woodlice are able to detect chemical odours by using sensory receptors on either the ends of the large antennae or on the surface of their antennulae ( these are usually an inner pair of insignificant small antennae ) P. scaber seems to be able to detect litter by smelling the odours released by micro-organisms living on the litter .
Postage Stamps
In 1995 St. Helena issued a set of stamps depicting small animals . The 53p stamp shown here , illustrates a Spiky Yellow Woodlouse . Why is the rest of the world ignoring these fascinating creatures ?
Changing Sex
Male woodlice infected by Wolbachia bacteria will turn into female woodlice ! The bacteria upset the normal action of the woodlouse male hormone .
As the bacteria are passed to the next generation of woodlice in the cytoplasm of the egg cells this process means that there is a better chance of Wolbachia survival as all infected offspring will be female and therefore will allow infection of the third generation of woodlice .
In itself , that was all the evidence required to suggest that the number to be illuminated on the substitution board had to be 10 . Jose Mourinho has never been a manager who is afraid of removing players who have just made critical errors . And Rooney 's wastefulness was a critical error .
After a listless first hour , United had finally counter-attacked their hosts with something approaching the fluency and zest for which they were once renowned . Here was a real opportunity to conjure up an equaliser to Étienne Capoue 's fierce opening goal . Instead , Rooney undermined the revival with the kind of leaden-footed delivery that would draw the coach 's criticism , even in an under-10s game .
However , the bad news was that that one incident was by no means the low point of the United captain 's contribution . Almost wholly peripheral to the action , Rooney was about as mobile and effective here as an oak wardrobe . Yet , when the number came up to signal who Juan Mata was to replace , it was not 10 , it was 25 . To the bemusement of everyone in the stadium , Antonio Valencia was removed from the fray , not the man who had long been by-passed by the action .
In the absence of a common EU solution , Hungary 's refugee policies are “ understandable ” and have been beneficial to its western neighbour Austria , which consequently receives far fewer migrants , according to the Austrian Chancellor .
Speaking in an interview published in the Friday edition of the liberal Der Standard newspaper , Christian Kern also pointed out that the humanitarian situation that developed after the closure of the Hungarian-Serbian border was difficult to resolve and “ we must also deal with the negative consequences of the situation because the problem shifts do another border section as soon as people get on the move ” , the country 's Social Democratic head of government said .
In the interview , Mr. Kern revealed that at the EU summit on refugees scheduled for Saturday , member states ' leaders will discuss border protection and assistance to countries involved in the refugee crisis , such as Greece . Stressing the necessity of identifying border section in need of enhanced protection , the Chancellor promised an attempt to accelerate EU decision-making in the area .
Echoing Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán , the Austrian Chancellor highlighted the importance of aid programmes in refugees ' countries of origin but made clear that “ arriving refugees are not only figures ; we bear responsibility for them ” .
via mandiner.hu
photo : meineabgeordneten.at
As 3++ 's regular readers will know , a few weeks ago the Australasian Team Championship was held in Adelaide . This event drew players from all over Australia and New Zealand , all of whom had to submit their lists in advance for checking before use at the event , and the lists where then published to the public about a week before the event in a similar way to the European Team Championship and other events .
I 've played at other events before where the lists are made open before the tournament , such as the National Masters , and for any current or budding TOs out there I 'd like to highly recommend the practice of putting them out before the event . In a brief brainstorm , I have made a list of seven arguments in favour of it and three against .
1 ) Army lists contain Errors !
Here 's a not-so-shocking revelation – Many tournament army lists contain errors .
I will use the ATC as a case in point because I was involved in the final list checking phase and found some errors in lists , and because the contestants at this event are by definition far above average players . Do n't assume for a moment that because they are from the end of the world that they are backwater players or that similar errors would n't crop up in your local environment . These are avid contenders , state and national masters , a number of whom play internationally , and still there were errors .
The lists were collaborated on by all 8 members of each team , who spent a few weeks fine-tuning the armies and discussing and improving them , and still there were errors .
The lists were checked by the state team 's captain before being sent in , and then they were passed on to the captain of another state for double-checking .
And still there were errors .
Minor things like multi-meltas needing to be specified on stormravens , medium issues like Huron not being a warlord ( and not getting his warlord trait that one unit depended on ) in an army that also featured Abbadon , and major things like a few too many points being spent ( deamons , it 's always deamons ) .
They were put up online for the public to view , and then at this stage , the last few niggling errors were found and crushed . Penalties applied to one unfortunate team who had n't found their final issues until this late stage , while another team sucked it up and just played it as it came .
By the time the armies were actually at the event they were error-free and finally perfect , but that 's quite a process to go through along the way and a lot to ask of the average time-poor TO whom is submitted lists in all sorts of different formats .
In defence of the list-authors , people were playing armies they do n't usually use because of the ATC 's restriction on use of one codex per team , or playing their own armies with allies stripped out ( because another player wanted them as primary ) , so few armies were player 's first and default choice . However , as one of the 6 captains involved in checking other states one question we were asking each other is exactly how bad are the lists at the average tournament ? !
The average TO is hard-pressed to thoroughly check every single list , cost , piece of wargear and points cost , whereas they could just quickly check them and then post them all on a forum for the enthusiastic contestants to double , triple and quadruple check them . That 's a fast , efficient and almost labour-free way to get the job done .
That covers the biggest issue , so here are six others .
2 ) Poorly presented lists
I played one army at a Masters event that was printed in Excel that had been run off in a tiny 6px font site using ‘ Fit to Page . I absolutely believe this was an innocent print error by the player , but while I have good eyesight it meant I deployed not knowing they had 3 drop pods . Now that was a bit of a game-changer .
Yes , I could and should have asked them about their army list in detail , but that brings me to the next point .
3 ) Game Time is Limited
Tournaments have limited game time , usually around 2.5 hours . At the start of each round of a 40K tournament , names and tables are called out and there is a scene reminiscent of combining a helicopter raining dollar bills down on the homeless while someone else yells “ fire ” in a packed theatre .
Players scramble to their tables , carry their armies over ( often taking several trips , thanks GW for the size of monstrous creatures and flyers ) and have to set up , exchange lists , define terrain , ask questions , roll board edge , generate 49 random powers ( thanks GW for the gift of deamons and their chaotic spreadsheets ) and get a game going . The players are both aware that they are on a time limit , that many games are forced to end early , and with very few exceptions the players are not inclined to game the system by shooting for a premature end .
This means there is a rush , and it 's optimistic to take in the enemy army list let alone plan how to deal with it . Besides when it comes down it is , what the players would rather be doing is less comparing notes and a lot more of this :
4 ) 6th Edition Ally interactions : GOTCHAS !
We 're in 6th Edition , and there are a huge amount of new challenges caused by ally interactions that hardly existed in 40K in the past . For the record , the issues are not entirely new , as there was a pre-FAQ period in 5th when Grey Knights could ride in Vendettas and Terminators could snag a ride in a IG Chimera , but 6th is a whole new ball-game .
There are some lists with “ Gotchas ” units that are designed to stack effects and rules that will catch the unwary out and penalise players who are n't on the pulse of 40K unit reviews and interactions , and these are unlikely to be spotted in a few brief moments pre-game . I know some players would rather not have opponents aware of their super-secret combos and I do understand that point of view , but if your army ca n't bear proper scrutiny then there 's probably something more seriously wrong with it .
That does n't mean there is anything wrong with the use of advanced combos and battle brothers who transfer rules , but the opponent should have every chance to know what 's going on before it sweeps them . Of course , there are also
5 ) 6th Edition Ally interactions : Erroneous GOTCHAS !
There is nothing wrong with the use of advanced combos and battle brothers who transfer rules as long they actually do so . I expect we 've all seen online battle reports with errors in this area , whether it is a Space Wolf embarking a BA Landraider , or an Astropath rerolling battle brother 's outflanking or a Librarian 's leadership passing a guard order , allied blasts using GK servo skulls to reduce scatter etc etc .
Once the game is over its over , and it would be extremely rare for a result to be changed after the event , so it 's well worth having extra time to point out flaws in the owning player 's understanding of the rules ( which often means looking up rules in advance ) .
I tend to assume virtually all errors made by players are accidental and well-intentioned , but know not everyone shares that view so having a pre-check to reduce the chances of these issues could be a good idea .
5 ) Planning is fun
This reason is purely for fun . I like planning games before the tournament , even if just a very basic idea of how the opponent 's army could be dealt with in different scenarios . It 's not everyone 's cup of tea , but to me it 's like a chance to play games before you play games .
6 ) Anticipation
Putting the lists up online builds anticipation , gets viewers , augments trash-talk , and draws extra attention to the event .
Downsides of Open Lists
1 ) The Army Lists would have to be submitted in advance . It clearly wo n't work at events where people just hand in hand-written lists as they arrive in the morning . Not all TOs require lists in advance , and that is obviously their prerogative .
2 ) The lists have to be locked-in , or have penalties applied to people who change them after publishing in order to prevent tailoring . Changes may well be required due to errors , but should n't be allowed just to suit the player 's varying taste .
3 ) Publishing open lists might encourage a player to rage-quit before the event . It could happen that someone will see the 60 other armies , believe themselves out-classed , and not bother coming . It 's possible . Then again they might not have come back on day 2 anyway .
In Conclusion
If an event requires lists to be submitted in advance , it could be in both the Tournament Organiser 's and the player 's interest to publish the army lists in advance .
Errors can be found , questions asked on forums , the starting period of games sped-up , plans made and excitement built up in advance , and some of the workload of the TO can be shifted to the players themselves .
Open Mic – I 'd be interested in hearing other people 's opinions on lists being published in advance or kept secret until right before the game , and what sort of errors you 've seen in people 's armies and lists at events .
For the latter however , please do n't post people 's names – when it comes to mistakes , let 's just assume we 've all made a few along the way ! Thanks
This blog collects together “ Glasgow 's Gideon Keys ” , a number of weird areas , artefacts and personalities in the city of Glasgow , Scotland . The origin of the Keys is unknown , their purpose can only be speculated at , and their history is obscure , macabre , and often stained in blood .
The Keys
“ There are seven words in every Gideon 's Bible – y'know , the ones they stuff in every hotel room – that ca n't be found in any other bible . If you repeat those seven words to yourself while grasping the doorknob to your room , the door will open to any hotel room in the world . Of course , if you want to control where you 're going , you 'll need to know the Gideon 's Key – one more inserted word , unique to each copy , that acts as an index for each room . ”
“ The Gideon Keys ” is the name given to a number of strange objects , locations , people , practises or other phenomena that make up the occult history of particular regions of the world . The cities of Calgary , Canada and Glasgow , Scotland , are two cities where acolytes ( people with more than casual knowledge of the Keys ) have documented the Keys in that area to some extent ( though they exist in other cities , such as Atlanta and Lagos , if not in every major city in the world ) . Calgary 's Gideon Keys – often considered the first definitive collection of the phenomena – were shared by an individual dubbed “ calganon ” , who found a notebook detailing 200 Keys in the city . In deference to this document , named “ 200 phonomena in the city of Calgary ” , the Gideon Keys of Glasgow are similarly numbered – though it is unknown if there are only 200 Keys in Calgary , or if only a selection of the city 's numerous Keys was compiled .
The Index
New Keys will be added irregularly . The Keys are not posted in strict numerical order , but an Index of the Keys can be found here , which places the Keys in an appropriate sequence .
The Author
I 'm a person living in Glasgow , and could liberally be described as an “ acolyte ” ( or “ seeker ” , if we 're using the Calgary terminology ) . I 've taken the name “ glasganon ” in respect and reference to “ calganon ” , the person who posted the Gideon Keys of Calgary , and I am making it my mission to document 200 phenomena in Glasgow that are related to the Gideon Keys and the city ” s occult history . I have a Twitter account , glasganon , where I make periodic updates about my research into Glasgow 's Gideon Keys .
Please note that I am not personally responsible for anyone breaking the law while exploring the Gideon Keys : all individuals are to be held accountable and responsible for their own actions . I do not advise anyone pursue investigation of the Gideon Keys unless they are prepared to take full accountability for what they do .
Advertisements
For years now carmakers have been avoiding addressing the Trolley Problem . In the event of an imminent crash , who does your car protect : you , the occupant , or a pedestrian ?
There 's a good reason for that : there 's no good answer for the Trolley Problem . Option one is you get bad PR that your future self-driving car wants to kill you .
Option two is you get bad PR that your future self-driving car wants to mercilessly kill whomever makes the mistake of standing in your way . You can see that neither is a great choice .
Advertisement
Mercedes , for some reason , decided to go all in on that second option .
At the recent Paris Motor Show , Car and Driver spoke with Christoph von Hugo , Mercedes-Benz 's Manager Driver Assistance Systems , Active Safety & Ratings and framed the trolley question in no uncertain terms . Is a rich old man 's Mercedes hypothetically going to run over a bunch of children ?
The technology is new , but the moral conundrum is n't : A self-driving car identifies a group of children running into the road . There is no time to stop . To swerve around them would drive the car into a speeding truck on one side or over a cliff on the other , bringing certain death to anybody inside .
Advertisement
CD wisely point out that , as I said , carmakers do n't like to address this question . But Christoph von Hugo did :
All of Mercedes-Benz 's future Level 4 and Level 5 autonomous cars will prioritize saving the people they carry , according to Christoph von Hugo , the automaker 's manager of driver assistance systems and active safety . “ If you know you can save at least one person , at least save that one . Save the one in the car , ” Hugo said in an interview at the Paris auto show . “ If all you know for sure is that one death can be prevented , then that 's your first priority. ” ﻿
Advertisement
My dude . Holy shit . You know what you 're saying there , right ? You 're saying that a Mercedes S-Class or whatever , driving down the road , will happily if not gleefully run over a child if it guaranteed saving the caviar-guzzling millionaire inside . Not just a child . An orphan . A group of orphans . A group of sick , orphans with leprosy .
Pictured : a child begging a Mercedes for its life .
Advertisement
You see , this is why you never , ever answer the trolley problem . Just tell people their self-driving car will drive them home when they 're drunk . That 's all people want to know .
( Thanks for the catch , Shled ! )
Caribbean ! — Update notes ( March 27 )
Hi everyone ,
Some small fixes this week , as we 're focusing most of our time on creating a content update . At the moment it seems this task may take a while to finish , so please bear with us for now ( and do n't panic ! ) .
We 'll try our best to pay attention to smaller problems like these in the meanwhile .
Update notes :
– Cannons and gunners can now be bought separately from each other on the hire screen .
– Fixed a bug that caused relationship improvement when trying to help other party in battle and then leaving without partaking in it .
– Fixed a bug with accessibility to cargo hold in some cases .
– Fixed inability to do military quests from other factions with player created faction .
– Fixed a bug when players could ask tavern keepers about companions that were not yet in the game .
– Fixed a bug with accessibility to the abandoned mine on the strategic map .
COMMENTARY
Who is Ante Zizic ?
This was the first question on many minds last June , when the Boston Celtics selected a relatively unknown Croatian teenager with the 23rd pick in the 2016 NBA draft . Fans were initially upset . Underwhelmed . A little confused . On TV , ESPN cut to a row of Celtics fans in the crowd at Barclays , giving a double thumbs down .
“ I would caution those Celtics fans , ” said Fran Fraschilla , ESPN 's international basketball guru . “ [ Zizic ] is one of my favorite kids in this draft . He 's 6-11 , 240 . He has a mean streak . ”
But Zizic was still at least a year away . On draft night that 's another lifetime .
Advertisement
Who is Ante Zizic ?
The question re-surfaced in the fall , as Zizic was establishing himself as the best big man in the Adriatic Basketball Association . Before you laugh , the ABA is a respectable league . Dario Saric , Jusuf Nurkic and Nikola Jokic are all recent alums . It 's easily one of the 10 best basketball leagues in the world and Zizic was on another level .
On October 11 , the young center dropped 37 points and 20 rebounds in a single game for KK Cibona . He was named the ABA 's October MVP . By December , still only 19 , Zizic led the league in scoring ( 20.0 ) , rebounds ( 9.2 ) and field goal percentage ( 69.5 ) .
Then , the day after Christmas , about a week before his 20th birthday , Zizic made headlines overseas — and back in Waltham — when he signed with Turkish club Darussafaka Dogus . For those who do n't know , Darussafaka is legit . It 's one of the best teams in Turkey 's top league . The third-best league in Europe , according to Fraschilla .
For the Celtics and their fans , this was a clue that maybe this kid was a little more developed than once thought . For Zizic , it was an opportunity to cut his teeth against bigger , stronger and just plain better competition . Most appealing ? It was a chance to play for former Cleveland Cavaliers head coach David Blatt .
Advertisement
“ I chose Darussafaka because Dave Blatt was the coach there , ” Zizic said in a telephone interview . “ He was in the NBA , of course . He knows NBA basketball . ”
Believe it or not , Blatt was equally excited about coaching Ante Zizic .
Who is Ante Zizic ?
There 's a great video on YouTube , posted around this time last year , of David Blatt speaking to a group of players at Adidas EuroCamp 2016 . This event is a pretty big deal in the basketball community . It 's the only NBA sanctioned pre-draft camp outside of the United States . Every year some 50 players from around the world show up , and on this day , Blatt wants them to understand that everything they do is important . Everything matters . Every decision they make in every aspect of their lives can make or break a career .
Buy Tickets
If you only know Blatt from his successful but awkward run with LeBron , he 's a legend overseas . He 's one of the greatest coaches of his generation and an incredibly sharp and insightful guy .
“ I 'm gon na tell you a story , ” Blatt says to the packed gym , pacing back in forth .
He goes on to recall a day two and a half years earlier , when he was coaching Maccabi Tel Aviv . This was Blatt 's last year with the team . They 'd eventually win the EuroLeague championship . But this was early in the season — preseason — a handful of guys is off playing with the Israeli national team . Blatt needed extra bodies for practice , so the GM brought in two kids from Croatia , both only 16 years old . He remembers organizing a scrimmage and watching one of the Croatian kids , a big prospect , struggle with the competition .
“ It was obviously hard on him , ” Blatt says . “ He was 16 years old . He was playing against grown men . ”
Advertisement
To this point , Blatt 's tone is relatively subdued . He 's pacing himself . Then he starts talking about the other Croatian kid — and the words and emotions start to build .
“ This other kid , ” Blatt says . “ A big man . He was matched up against Sofoklis Schortsanitis. ” Blatt laughs . “ Do you guys know who Sofo is ? Either way I can tell you he is one of the biggest , strongest human beings I have ever seen . ”
( FYI : THIS is Sofoklis Schortsanitis )
“ We called him Baby Shaq , ” Blatt says . “ He was a tremendously strong guy . Agile . Athletic . This kid from Croatia is matched up with Sofo , and guys , what I 'm going to tell you right now is the truth . ”
Blatt pauses for the effect . He 's good at this .
“ This kid was flying all around the room . He was bouncing off the walls . Bouncing off the floors . He 's getting hit every which way possible . And you know what stuck out most ? He kept getting up . ”
Blatt really sells this . He really believes it .
“ This kid reminded me of Ali on the ropes , ” he says . “ Just sitting there yelling ‘ Punch me ! Punch me ! Punch me ! ' until the guy 's tired , and then he KNOCKED George Foreman 's ass out . ”
Blatt throws an upper cut into thin air .
“ That 's what this kid was doing . He just kept coming , and coming , and coming . And old Sofo finally just said the ‘ The hell with it , I 'm going home . ' He walked off the court , and this kid was left standing . ”
One more pause .
“ That was two and a half years ago , ” Blatt says . “ And I remember I said to myself that day : This kid 's gon na be a player . This kid 's going to the NBA . ”
Blatt stops and looks out in the crowd , then turns to one of the organizers …
“ Where 's Ante ? ” he asks . “ Is Zizic here ? ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
The question re-surfaced in March , but now there was a different ring to it . Annoyed disbelief had been replaced by a tone more curious , almost flirtatious . Who IS Ante Zizic ?
By then , the big man was already adjusting to life at the next level . He hit double figures in six of his first nine EuroLeague games with Darussafaka . That included three double-doubles .
Meanwhile , there were already whispers the Celtics were quickly falling in love — but now they did n't care who knew about it . They were screaming from the rooftops .
“ [ Zizic ] just turned 20 in January , and he punishes grown men physically , ” director of player personnel Austin Ainge told The Boston Globe 's Adam Himmelsbach in March . “ July 1 just has to roll over on the calendar , and we 'll sign him . He wants to be here , and we want him here . ”
Then it was April , and suddenly Zizic was in the EuroLeague quarterfinals , doing stuff like this to Real Madrid .
Then it was May , and the Celtics were getting their butts beaten on the block and the boards every game of all three playoff series . They needed a big man . A rebounder . A physical presence in the paint . There was a giant hole in this team 's path to real legitimacy and — who is Ante Zizic ? He was the peg . The missing piece . Once a giant question mark , Zizic was now a potential answer .
And now it 's June , almost a year since the night the Celtics drafted that teenager from Croatia , and so much has happened . So much is still happening . Everything is happening at once .
The Celtics reached the Eastern Conference Finals and have the No . 1 overall pick . Isaiah Thomas became a superstar and suffered a potentially career-altering injury . Name an NBA player and there 's a rumor tying him to the Celtics . And every rumor , one way or another , is tied to one of the current Celtics . And the craziest thing of all ? Other than IT 's hip , none of this is bad . It 's good crazy . It 's exciting crazy . There are so many balls in the air and different paths for the Celtics to take . It 's exciting , but a little frantic , and what 's funny is that at this moment , one of the few things we can say with any certainty is that a few weeks from now , Ante Zizic will pack his bags in Croatia and officially join the Boston Celtics . If it 's up to him he 'll play both summer leagues . At very least , he 'll play in one .
Of course , there 's the potential for a trade . No one is untouchable . If the Celtics are somehow in the position to land a superstar , and the asking price is Ante Zizic , obviously that 's just the business . Everyone would understand .
But look at the Celtics ' roster and you 'll notice a few things .
They 're pretty desperate for a big man . The backcourt bargain of the last few years is quickly coming to an end . At least two of those guys are in line for a big raise in Boston .
So the Celtics are not only desperate for a big man , they 're desperate for an affordable big man . Having a big man like Zizic , at his age , with his ability , locked in on a rookie deal is incredibly valuable to the Celtics ' cause .
It would have to be a pretty damn good trade .
Instead it 's far more likely Ante Zizic is here to stay , so … who is Ante Zizic ?
He 's a kid the Celtics are truly , genuinely excited about .
“ He 'd be a top 10 pick for sure in this year 's draft , ” says assistant GM Mike Zarren . “ He 'll be a 20-year-old playing in the NBA for the first time so it 's hard to know exactly how good he 'll be — but guys with his size and skill set are relatively rare . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
He 's a basketball player . Read that in your best Tommy Heinsohn voice .
This kid is a BASKETBALL PLAYER .
He loves basketball . He was raised on basketball . His brother Andrija had a prolific professional and Olympic career . Andrija is also 17 years older than Ante , and was already playing professionally when Ante was born . Ante only knew a world where his brother played professional basketball and that 's all he ever wanted to do .
“ He was my role model , ” said Zizic , whose English is not yet fluent but still solid . Communication with coaches and teammates should n't be an issue . “ I only wanted to be like him . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
Well , he obviously left an impression on David Blatt .
“ This is what I 'm talking about when I say ‘ everything you do matters , ' ” Blatt told the group of NBA hopefuls last summer . “ This was two years ago . Zizic was n't on anyone 's radar . Hell , he was n't on anyone 's radar until last year , until everyone started noticing that he keeps coming . That if there 's a loose ball he 's going to get it . That if there 's a rebound in his area , he 's going to go after it . That if he has to run the court as a trailer , he 's going to make that effort every single time . ”
But Blatt is not alone . Almost everyone loves the way Zizic plays . They love his motor . His energy .
“ I still remember the first time I saw him play , ” Celtics legend Dino Radja said over the phone . He and Zizic are both sons of Split , Croatia . “ He was very skinny . I just remember him running . It was one of those situations where you 're watching 10 guys out on the court , and you see one that 's just different . ”
Radja has known Zizic his whole life .
“ He has great habits , ” Radja said . “ He runs the floor well . He goes after every rebound . And he has a good head . He 's not a “ Now I made my money , so I do n't care anymore ” kind of guy . I think he 's going to be a good player here . ”
Dino admittedly did n't see much of Zizic after the move to Turkey , but a different former Celtics second-round pick , Mr. Luke Harangody , was keeping tabs .
Harangody has spent the last four seasons in Turkey . Last year was his second with Darussafaka .
“ Zizic has the pedigree for the NBA already , ” Harangody said over the phone . “ He 's got the body and the size and the strength . But the thing about Ante is just the way he moves . In an NBA game , the big has to be able to get up and down the floor really well and the way he is with his motor , he can run the floor so well . It 's nonstop . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
Where does this motor come from ?
Does Ante ever get tired ?
“ No , no , no , no , ” he said , half-laughing , almost insulted by the question . “ Never tired . I do n't know why , but I was just born with something . I just want to win the game . That 's my mentality . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
He 's still a work in progress .
“ He needs time with certain things , ” Radja said . “ His shooting . His back to the basket . Of course , he can shoot and play with his back to the basket , but it 's not automatic . He 's still a little rough around the edges . There 's still place for improvement . ”
“ He could put on a little weight , ” Harangody said . “ But the strength and conditioning coaches will know how to do it in a way that really helps . ”
On the other hand — and this is probably related to all the time Zizic spent with his older brother — Harangody does n't expect emotional maturity to be an issue .
“ You always forget he 's 20 , ” he said . “ He does n't act like a kid in the locker room . He 's mature for his age . ”
And it 's fair to say Harangody is a pretty big fan of Zizic 's game .
“ On the court , his offensive is only gon na get better . He 's getting to the point now when he would be calling for the ball in the post . His postgame is gon na get better . And the thing people do n't know , he has a decent 15-foot jump shot that he can knock down on a consistent basis . He does n't show it often but he can hit and I 'm sure that 's something they 'll be working on with him once he gets to Boston . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
The answer to that question will ultimately depend on Zizic himself . The jump to the NBA is a big one no matter who you are . There 's no set time table to adjust .
“ It 's all personal , ” Radja said , and he knows a thing or two about the jump from Eastern Europe . “ Some people can grow up in one season . Some people need a couple seasons . ”
But for what it 's worth , Zizic has the right mentality .
“ I know that I can get better , ” he said . “ I have the ability to do that . So every day I 'm working on every single detail of my game . I think for me most important is physically . I have to work on my body , but I know I can improve everything . ”
Who is Ante Zizic ?
At the very least , it seems he 's a young , athletic , incredibly strong and unrelenting big man who loves to rebound and run the floor .
“ If the coach just wants me to rebound or play defense , for me that 's no problem , ” he said . “ I 've played many different roles on teams . Whatever they need me to do , I can do . ”
In the best-case scenario ?
Eh , let 's not go there yet .
Even the very least already feels like more than enough .
Washington ( CNN ) The Republican National Committee filed suit against the State Department Wednesday , seeking the release of Hillary Clinton 's emails from her time there citing a violation of the Freedom of Information Act .
Specifically , the RNC is looking for release of the emails of Clinton 's aides .
The RNC claims in the suit that the State Department did not respond to a request for emails made in December and is seeking their release by July 1 , 2016 , before the Democratic Convention .
`` Clinton 's actions while secretary of state -- and the actions of those senior officials with whom she worked most closely and supervised -- are manifestly relevant to whether she is fit to lead this country , '' the RNC said in its complaint
RNC communications director Sean Spicer told CNN 's Kate Bolduan on `` At This Hour '' that Clinton 's use of a private email server while at the State Department calls into question her ability to serve as president .
`` With each passing day we find out more and more information about Hillary Clinton and in doing so it has a direct relevance on her ability to be commander in chief and resident of the United States , '' he said Wednesday . `` We 're at a critical point in this election season not just for Republicans but for Democrats and they need to know what is in these emails . ''
Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon dismissed the RNC 's suit as `` frivolous . ''
`` This is just the latest attempt by the Republicans to politicize this email issue to try to get maximum advantage to derail Hillary Clinton 's campaign . It 's not going to work , '' he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday . `` It 's no surprise but among Democratic voters , it 's not working . ''
The lawsuit is the latest of many claiming that the State Department is violating federal disclosure requirements .
Pending suits seek the emails of top aides and for the tens of thousands of emails Clinton deemed personal and did n't turn over for review .
At a recent hearing in one such lawsuit , U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan said he 's considering asking the State Department to subpoena Clinton , and aide Huma Abedin , in an effort to learn more about those emails .
And Clinton 's emails continue to get scrutiny beyond the State Department . The agency 's spokesman , John Kirby , recently told reporters one email is being withheld from the public in full at the request of law enforcement .
Kirby would not comment on the content of the email , but he emphasized it is not classified .
Clinton 's server is also the subject of an FBI investigation , which has allowed her Republican opponents on the presidential campaign trail to raise the specter of possible indictment .
In a recent Fox News interview , Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the investigation is `` being handled like any other review that we do into how any agency has handled classified information , '' but she had no updates on the time frame for its completion .
`` What 's most important is to follow the facts , follow the law , and come to an independent conclusion as to what may or may not have happened , '' she said .
Lynch also denied any communication with the White House about the pending investigation on Wednesday , when pressed by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham during a Senate hearing .
`` I can assure you that neither I nor anyone from the department has briefed ( press secretary Josh Earnest ) or anyone at the White House about this matter or other law enforcement matters , '' she said .
A very interesting story appeared on a colleague website today . New information about a new energy law that will apply within the EU has surfaced on the web . The new law requires that both discrete and integrated graphics cards live up to certain energy standards . AMD is worried that this will affect next generation graphics cards and have them barred from sales in the EU . There are standardizations that make sure pre-built computers , but also discrete components , achieve a certain level of energy efficiency .
The story is reported by Nordic Hardware so credits and props to them , here 's their skinny on it :
-- -
Exactly how much depends on a row of criteria . These standards also include simple things , such as that after a certain amount of time the computer will enter sleep mode . The idea behind this is to have as energy efficient computers as possible to reduce the overall consumption of energy . The specification for the so-called Eco design Lot 3 with the EC can be found here , where there are hundreds of pages to read for those with lots of time to spare .
FB_BW is short for Buffer Bandwidth . What we call memory bandwidth in graphics cards
There are currently seven specifications for graphics cards - G1 , G2 , G3 , G4 , G5 , G6 and G7 . Graphics cards of the G7 classification have a bandwidth of 128 GB/s ( GigaByte per Second ) and more , without an upper limit today . The category depends on the performance - in this case measured in memory bandwidth . These GPU categories are also paired with a certain level of energy efficiency . If a graphics card does n't live up to the standard set by the EC it can be removed from all markets within the EU . The rules will now be constricted , which threatens next generation graphics cards .
The commission wants to stop dedicated graphics cards of group G7 from going above 320 GB/s - that is in theory a memory bus at 384-bit connected to memory operating at 6667 MHz or 512-bit with 5001 MHz . This is definitely within reach for the next generation graphics cards . Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition currently has a bandwidth of 288 GB/s with a 384-bit memory bus and 6000 MHz memory . For notebooks the limit will be only 225 GB/s .
Besides that the energy efficiency requirements will be tighter - in this case the energy consumption of the card in relation to its memory bandwidth . Performance delivered in games or general calculations are irrelevant . according to Lot 3 . Exactly what the `` performance '' and energy consumption quote looks like we do n't know at the time of writing , but it will also affect cards in the entry level segment and not just performance and enthusiast cards . The quote is strict enough to worry AMD .
Future generations are in danger
According to data NordicHardware has seen from a high level employee at AMD , current graphics cards are unable to meet with these requirements . This includes `` GPUs like Cape Verde and Tahiti '' , that is used in the HD 7700 and HD 7900 series , and ca n't meet with the new guidelines , the same goes for the older `` Caicos '' that is used in the HD 6500/6600 and HD 7500/7600 series . Also `` Oland '' is mentioned , which is a future performance circuit from AMD , that according to rumors will be used in the future HD 8800 series . What worries AMD the most is how this will affect future graphics cards since the changes in Lot 3 will go into effect soon . The changes will of course affect Nvidia as much as it will AMD .
The commission guidelines could be too strict for next generation graphics cards
Earlier today there were talk about the new restrictions going into effect in early 2013 , but now it looks like it will be 2014 . This will put nearly unrealistic demands on both AMD and Nvidia . Besides the fact the standardization is not very logical since memory bandwidth does not translate into performance that easily we see it as a great obstacle for future graphics cards , but the revision of `` Lot 3 '' is done and the wheels are set in motion .
According to a report published in August this year the current roadmaps [ from AMD and Nvidia ] does not support the new requirements up until 30 months into the future . The changes in Lot 3 will therefore be introduced in steps . The first will be in 2013 or 2014 as mentioned above , and thereafter new restrictions will apply in 2015 . OEM companies like Dell and HP are well aware of this and worried about how this will affect their operations . The changes should also affect retail graphics cards and home builders .
Graphics card energy consumption has been rising steadily over the last couple of years . Last generation the limit for the PCI Express standard was broken when graphics cards sporting two GPUs consumed well over 300 watt , both from AMD and Nvidia . Both us and our well informed readers think that the way the EC is applying its restrictions is wrong , especially how it has decided to estimate performance . AMD is planning on making an official statement and hopefully the EC will listen . We have not been able to reach Nvidia for a comment on this issue , but hopefully they share AMD 's concern .
We definitely feel that restrictions that lead to more efficient hardware is a good thing , but it needs to be done properly with the affected companies being involved in the discussion . We will of course follow up on this and return with more information when possible .
Via Nordic Hardware
I 've an extremely precocious niece , who 's 7 , and shows great interest in history , geography and science . She loves books and often demands to be allowed to an Amazon account of her own ! ( Well , we are not too sure about the Amazon policy on somebody so young being allowed an account of their own , so we 've let that pass . ) She also watches documentaries for hours on the History channel .
So , I looked on Amazon for an age appropriate book on historic events such the as World Wars , and chanced upon this book A Simple Guide To World War 1 , by Daniel Turner , from the Simple History series . This book is meant for kids in a slightly older age group of 9 to 12 , but I bought it for my niece anyway , as she 's much smarter than her age . ( We think ! )
She just fell in love with this book at first sight . While on the first 2 occasions , both of us read the book together , since then , she 's probably read it at least a couple of dozen times .
The whole book presents history just the way it should be presented to a young audience – full of attractive and colorful illustrations , beautifully spread out pictures , cute soldiers , colorful flags , great scenery , pictures of fighter plane , tanks and guns – sort of things that kids really love . The text is very well written , and very child friendly , simple , yet educational , written in perfect English .
The facts are accurate , and I could n't discover a single factual error in the book . Now , I 'm a college educated adult with an excellent knowledge of history . The last book I read on the WW1 was popular historian Niall Ferguson 's authoritative tome , “ The Pity of War ” - but even I found something new in this book , such as the number of kills by the legendary German fighter pilot Manfred Von Richtofen , also known as the Red Baron – 80 kills , and also an interesting , fun fact about British and German troops declaring a cease fire during the Christmas of 1914 , and socializing together , even playing football with each other , in the middle of the most brutal war in history .
The writer does n't dumb down anything – he takes his young readers to be intelligent beings . However , the evil of the World War is appropriately toned down for young and impressionable readers – while at the same time making it very clear why war is such an evil thing , and how lucky we are to live in such much better and peaceful times .
Bottom line : Your kids will love this book . A fantastic and fun way to learn about our history . I look forward to the rest of the books from the Simple History series .
Pope Francis has encouraged Europeans to welcome refugees , calling authentic hospitality `` our greatest security against hateful acts of terrorism . ''
Francis Saturday spoke to alumni of Jesuit schools in Europe who were in Rome for a conference on refugees .
The pope said : `` I encourage you to welcome refugees into your homes and communities , so that their first experience of Europe is not the traumatic experience of sleeping cold on the streets , but one of warm welcome . ''
Telling his audience that more than 65 million persons are forcibly displaced around the world , he advised going `` beyond mere statistics . ''
He said each refugee `` has a name , a face and a story , as well as an inalienable right to live in peace and to aspire to a better future '' for their children .
There is no shortage of stories about lone developers who made an app for the iPhone or iPad and had runaway success . But in the real world , the majority of app makers struggle to break even , according to a recent survey by marketing firm App Promo . Though the survey 's methodology is a bit on the light side , numerous developers that we spoke to agree that the results—59 percent of apps do n't break even , and 80 percent of developers ca n't sustain a business on their apps alone—are close to accurate .
High expectations
Apple often boasts that the App Store offers users hundreds of thousands of apps to choose from . But while the incredible variety may benefit consumers , the mature market can make it more difficult for small developers to get noticed .
`` Over the years I have seen visibility of applications I 've worked on greatly reduced , '' developer Pat McCarron told Ars . `` Right now your app is likely not going to be found if you never break the Top 100 or Top 200 lists . Users wo n't navigate forever down the list of top apps to find yours sitting lonely at the bottom . ''
Rogue Amoeba 's Paul Kafasis agreed that the App Store has become more of a lottery , and less a chance for small developers to succeed along with well-established companies .
`` The App Store is very much like the lottery , and very few companies are topping the charts , '' Kafasis told Ars . `` It 's a hit-based business . Much like music or book sales , there are a few huge winners , a bigger handful of minor successes , and a whole lot of failures . ''
Some developers even said that App Promo 's assertion that 59 percent of apps do n't break even is a bit on the generous side . Former NetNewsWire developer Brent Simmons suspects the figure is `` more like 85 percent , '' while Lucius Kwok believes it may `` fall in the range of 90 percent or higher . ''
Apple encourages practically anyone to try their hand at iOS development . Just $ 99 per year gives you access to Apple 's developer program , the development tools are a free download , and numerous books line bookstore shelves ( both physical and virtual ) offering tips to budding iOS developers . While this creates a large developer base for the platform , it also creates a huge group of developers who grossly underestimate the amount of time , effort , and money that can go in to developing a quality app .
`` Development costs are generally much higher than folks realize , '' Kafasis said . `` Making an app still requires tens of thousands of dollars in development , if not hundreds of thousands . Recouping that kind of money 99 cents—or really , 70 cents—at a time is not easy . ''
Part of the problem can be attributed to consumer expectations . Whereas $ 20-30 was not an uncommon price for desktop software created by small developers in the past , the App Store quickly led consumers to expect to pay 99 cents , or maybe $ 1.99 for most mobile apps . Many more are free , supported with in-app ads or `` freemium '' in-app purchases .
`` Paid apps , despite likely being only $ 1 , is a surprisingly high barrier of entry , '' McCarron told Ars .
Kafasis agreed . `` Users still expect quite a lot , even for 99 cent apps , '' he said . `` Worse , anything over perhaps a couple bucks on iOS is a 'premium ' price , and you 'll get dinged on the price everywhere , by both users and journalists . That can make it very difficult to recoup costs , let alone turn a profit . ''
Discoverability , app demos , and marketing
Another part of the problem is that Apple has done little to change how the App Store works since day one over four years ago . Discoverability is a real problem , and the search algorithms have led some developers to try and `` game '' the system with SEO techniques like overloading titles , descriptions , and other metadata with keywords .
To illustrate the problem , McCarron noted that his company 's app , Words Play , is n't even the top result for a search for `` words play . '' Instead , that top result currently belongs to an app called `` Words With Cheats for Friends ~ The Best Word Finder For Games You Play With Words And Friends . ''
`` We knew these other results would come up for those words when we chose the name , '' McCarron said . `` But we assumed since our name is an exact match for the search terms that we 'd get slotted in at number one no matter what . Instead , we bounce around the top five randomly , it seems ; I have n't seen us at number one since the week we launched . ''
Developers agreed that Apple could improve browsing and discoverability , and the company seems to be making an effort to move in that direction . It recently bought Chomp , a service designed to help navigate app stores for various mobile platforms . Apple recently discontinued Chomp 's Android offerings , so it seems likely that tighter integration with the App Store is coming sooner rather than later .
In addition , Apple still needs to offer some kind of demo mechanism for paid apps . Shareware and commercial software on the desktop benefit largely from time- or feature-limited demos . Though Photoshop costs hundreds of dollars , users can at least download a free 30-day demo to decide if the investment is worth it .
`` I 've hit many places where this would have been useful myself when shopping for an app to do a certain task , '' McCarron said . He feels that consumers would be more willing to pay $ 5 , $ 10 , or more for an app if they were convinced it would prove useful after having tried a demo .
Of course , developers themselves could help by more tightly focusing their development efforts . Many developers are encouraged by the App Store 's `` lottery '' effect to develop several apps in the hopes that one might be a hit , but they could benefit themselves by honing in on apps that perform their intended functions exceptionally well .
`` Developers would be better served by investing more strongly in fewer , better apps , trying to build a real business , '' Simmons said .
`` I think the best answer is to create narrow or shallow apps that do just one thing and do it well , '' Kafasis added . `` This can result in great , focused apps . '' He warned , however , that always taking this approach will leave a gaping hole where apps with greater functionality could be successful . `` Deeper , more expensive apps do have a place . ''
App Promo 's reasoning behind the survey is to show the benefit of marketing to app success—51 percent of developers did n't set aside any budget for marketing . The developers we spoke to agreed it was critical to fuel early adoption , which could lead to breaking into the top charts .
`` It used to be easier to get away without spending any money on marketing , but now it 's quite hard to make a dent in the market without that , '' McCarron said .
`` If an app is n't charting , and it is n't featured by Apple , the only way users are likely to find it is through the developer 's marketing efforts , '' added Kafasis .
Even still , success is n't guaranteed .
`` I think that there 's little correlation between how much time and effort you put into an app and how successful it is , '' Kwok told Ars . `` My most successful apps were fairly easy to make , but just happened to be in the right market at the right time . The apps I 've spent the most time and effort on ended up being flops . ''
Developer Jonathan Rentzsch had slightly more cynical advice for developers considering breaking in to the iOS market . Instead of going into business for yourself , consider contracting out work to larger companies with big budgets .
`` It 's no secret that the money in the App Store is the contracts writing the apps , not in selling the apps themselves , '' he said .
[ Warning : This story contains spoilers from the season four premiere of The Mindy Project , `` While I Was Sleeping . '' ]
Mindy is getting married ! The mother-to-be and hopeless romantic finally got her commitment-phobic baby daddy ( Chris Messina ) to put a ring on it at the end of the season premiere . Although Mindy ( Mindy Kaling ) had decided she would be OK without saying `` I do '' after a nightmare – in which she was married to Joseph Gordon-Levitt and sleeping with Mark Duplass ' Brendan – Danny also changed his mind about marriage after going to India to meet her parents ( Ajay Mehta and Sakina Jaffrey ) . So how soon can viewers expect wedding bells ? And are Danny 's commitment issues really behind him ? The Hollywood Reporter spoke with showrunner Matt Warburton about all those burning questions and more .
Why was now the right time to have Mindy and Danny get engaged ?
Obviously , it 's a lot happening at once . For Mindy , it 's something we 're really going to explore once the baby is born , It 's a symbol that she can rely on Danny in a way that she always hoped she could because it was his biggest stumbling block given his history with his ex-wife and It 's something that we 've explored throughout the season . For a while , she 's just going to be relieved that she actually has a rock , and she has a baby . I think we 're going to focus the first part of the season really on Mindy and Danny parenting together and , in her mind , she 's like , 'Well , I got the ring . We can put the rest of this on the back burner . ' She 's going to find later in the season that exploring what it means to be engaged and when they 're actually going to get married is a whole other ball of wax for her Danny to have to deal with . It 's another box she gets checked and realizes it only leads to more problems , in a way that she did n't expect .
How do they navigate that balance between being new parents and getting ready to wed ? Like you said , the latter is a huge process unto itself .
Her first big problem is when she gets engaged . Now that she 's pregnant , her finger is swollen and the ring barely fits . So she 's going to have to take care of that first . …It 's something we really explore especially a little bit down in the season . What she realizes , in kind of grown-up way , is it 's great to have this commitment from Danny but once the baby comes – and the baby comes very early in the season – they both look at each other and say , `` This is the focus . '' What they find is they have so many issues to sort out as far as who 's going to take care of the baby during the day ? How much is Mindy going to be working ? And Danny has a few crises of his own pretty soon in the season . It 's sort of like they have to take care of all of that before they can even set a date for the wedding . I think it 's one of these things where the Mindy now versus the Mindy we met at the beginning of the series is probably less fixated on the marriage stuff that she would have ever imagined , but given that Danny makes such a big point of it throughout the series , it 's almost like she needs to get him to cross that river . After the premiere , he does , I think , in a really moving way in Chris ' performance . Such that now that he 's shown that commitment , she 's really scared . She 's pregnant and she was alone for the course of the first episode , now they can deal with all this other stuff . The trappings of wedding stuff , they just put it the side . It 's a sign of adulthood for the character that she 's more excited about these other parts of her life than the immediacy of the wedding .
I 'm still a little scared of how much of a bridezilla she 'll eventually become .
Yes , definitely , and Danny will be a groomzilla .
He 's had issues with marriage for so long that you ca n't just shut off them off after one episode . What will his issues look like as the season progresses as they start to focus on the wedding later in the season ?
As with anything with Danny , it 's very complicated . What the character always does , I think , is he convinces himself to make the gesture and then thinks his troubles are over without thinking through : Now I have to live in the reality where we 're getting married . The consequences of this life that he 's built with Mindy are going to keep bringing up demons from his past , from his childhood , his relationship with his own dad is going to be an important part of this season , the fact that his dad left his family in a way that messed him up long-term . Danny keeps thinking if he makes one more concession to reality , his life is going to get easier and what he 's going to find through this season that he keeps raising challenges that are even harder for him , psychologically , to deal with . We 're really going to be putting Danny through his paces this season .
How likely is it that we 'll see them walk down the aisle this season ? You have a big 26-episode order .
There are a lot of twists and turns between these two characters before that option is going to be on the table . But like you said , it 's a long season .
You always have such great guest stars on the show . Beyond the season premiere , is there anyone else you 're particularly excited to introduce or other names you can tease ?
We 're extremely excited about having Garret [ Dillahunt ] and Fortune [ Feimster ] come as a brother and sister presence in the office . He plays a Southern gentleman , and it 's a great new character that plays his strengths as an actor , and it 's also a new kind of dickhead to throw at Mindy . I feel like Adam Pally was our last big character like this . We always think , 'What kind of guy , what kind of masculine energy is going to drive Mindy insane ? ' So the Dartmouth frat guy was our last one , and I think Garret is really going to be our next big male character to throw at her . Fortune is great . We 're also really excited about some people that we 're bringing back . We 'll be seeing Cristin Milioti again . The Duplass Brothers are amazing . They 're going to have a really fun role to play in the second episode . As Mindy is getting really close to her pregnancy , they have a lot of thoughts about how she should do it in the most annoying way possible . Rhea Perlman – our audience really fell in love with her and her relationship with Danny . She 's only going to get more annoying as she becomes a grandmother to Mindy 's baby . She 'll all but want to kidnap the baby away from Mindy 's clutches .
Danny and his mother are very close and she obviously is still fiercely overprotective so how does him becoming a dad change their dynamic ?
Danny 's perception of what his mother wants is very different from what she actually wants . He treats her like this saintly character and she 's actually this real person who is flawed and angsty about these things . What Danny is going to have to do is manage her insecurities in a big way , especially when we get to meet Mindy 's parents . She has anxieties about what this other family is going to think of her as a Staten Island woman who cleaned hotel rooms for a living for a lot of her career . … It 's a two-way thing where Annette is extremely judgmental of the parenting styles of both Danny and Mindy , and Danny is really sensitive to his mom as a person who went through a lot as a single mom , and going to have some trouble figuring out the whole grandma thing .
What can you say about Mindy 's dynamic with her parents because we did n't get to see that in the premiere ?
We will definitely get to explore [ that ] . It 's sort of Mindy getting to talk to the two sides of her personality , which is funny because you have this theatrical Bollywood actress and this thoughtful , scientist person , which I think is the ying and yang of what 's going on in Mindy 's head a lot of the time . Also , Mindy 's relationship with Annette has really become a very strong part of the show . When you make a family , it 's interesting because the non-biological relationships are just as important as the biological ones , and that 's a really fun thing that we examine . It 's like she has two moms and they have very different roles in her life and the baby 's life . Watching her navigate that , I think the audience will relate to that .
New episodes of The Mindy Project stream Tuesdays on Hulu . What did you think of Danny 's proposal ?
93 % – that 's how many organizations said they rely on content marketing for brand building and demand generation this year according to the Content Marketing Institute . With 87 % of buyers stating that digital content has a large impact on their purchasing decisions this year , it 's clear that content marketing is on the ups .
So who 's doing it really well ? Which content marketing brands have rocked the boat and set the example ? We scoured our archives and asked content marketers to weigh in , and here 's our list of the 32 Top Content Marketing Brands of 2015 .
Denny 's
Denny 's blog is a downright hilarious collection of user-generated content , upbeat notes of encouragement , and silly food humor . It 's definitely a marketing “ grand slam . ”
General Electric
Who said science and tech content had to be nerdy ? GE 's Instagram proves that it can be an aesthetically pleasing thing of beauty that is anything but boring . Top notch photography and creativity combine to make it a content innovator . ( Learn more about GE 's content marketing strategy here . )
Lyft
Need a lesson in brand storytelling ? Look no further than Lyft 's # whyILyft stories , which tells the human stories of Lyft drivers and passengers . Uplifting , smart , and visually stunning . ( Learn more about Lyft and Uber 's content marketing showdown here . )
Cheerios
Relevancy is something all content marketers have to strive for , and Cheerios hit the mark . One example : their # HowToDad ad on YouTube , which captures what modern dads are all about – coolness , hands-on parenting , and being awesome .
Hello Flo
This ad from startup Hello Flo , a company that ships women period products automatically every month , introduces us to “ The Period Fairy , ” a clever take that removes the stigma of a girl 's first period . There 's even a Santa and Tooth Fairy cameo – cute , to the tune of 1.8 million views !
ALS
It 's been one year since ALS ran with possibly the greatest UGC social media success ever , and its researchers have announced that there 's been a significant breakthrough thanks to the funds raised . Other brands and charities will be trying to emulate this campaign for years to come .
GoldieBlox
Goldie Blox 's Super Bowl commercial put them on a map with marketers and consumers . Another lesson in relevancy and not assuming that the best way to market to girls and their ( increasingly Millennial-generation ) parents is with pink and sparkles . Since then , the company has created the Bloxtown.com website with cute animations and how-to video content geared toward helping girls with their construction sets .
Maybelline
Maybelline 's blog is a real beauty when it comes to content design and social integration – perfectly capturing the looks and attidutes of the selfie generation . It features social buttons and interactions on site , making it incredibly easy and natural for the user to engage . ( Learn more about the top beauty brands in content marketing here . )
Taco Bell
Brands who value a lively tone of voice would to well to check out Taco Bell 's social media content . It has a healthy following of 614k on Instagram , and lots of engagement on every post .
Apple
Here 's a brand who knows how to tell its story – year after year . Its Holiday 2014 spot , “ The Song ” proved yet again that technology could have a sweet , sentimental and very human side . Bravo !
AT & T
If there 's one thing you can say about AT & T when it comes to branded content , it 's that they are not afraid to experiment on different platforms . On the heels of its successful social media series called @ SummerBreak – which was essentially a reality show for Millennials that ran two seasons and earned more than 60 million views – this year , AT & T sponsored SnapperHero , the first scripted Snapchat series starring Snapchat , Vine and YouTube influencers .
Coke
You have to admire the way Coke keeps pushing for creative content , even as one of the world 's most valuable and established global brands . Their “ Share A Coke ” campaign was a standout campaign of 2014 , and it 's still going strong this year . Coke 's digital content keeps interactive features at the forefront .
Refinery 29
Commerce and content can lose authenticity when you put them together . On Refinery 29 's site , these two elements live in harmony with beautiful photography , fun buzzworthy listicles , how-to videos , and calls to action that are there to be clicked , but not in your face . ( See our feature on Refinery 29 's innovative “ Trans America ” project here . )
Red Bull
Red Bull is always on the top of branded content lists with its unending commitment to high-octane digital content . Producing content at this level requires a journalistic level of commitment to capturing events on the ground ( or , in some cases , in outer space ) and no one does it better .
Birchbox
No storefront ? No problem . Do like the folks at Birchbox do , and immerse your audience in your brand through a blog that covers lifestyle topics that they 're interested in . Birchbox takes it a step further , too , using the products they ship as the basis for content . ( Learn more about Birchbox 's content marketing strategy here . )
Doritos
Doritos is usually best know for its user-generated content touchdowns ( like having consumers produce and pitch their Super Bowl commercial through social media ) . This summer , they tried something new by offering exclusive , 3D video content around its new Jacked 3D snack . As a mobile-only campaign , fans actually use the snacks to unlock access to the 3D videos . ( Learn more about Doritos ' UK marketing campaigns here . )
Whole Foods
Blogs help brands shore up loyalty : if you can give the consumer good content at home , they 're going to come back to your site or storefront full of ideas about what they need to purchase . Whole Foods ' blog expertly plays its content to a healthy-living audience with a mix of recipes and tips .
Sharpie
The Sharpie blog is bright , colorful , and highlights ( get it ? ) the artistic creativity of its users . Its content and web design provide the perfect canvas for showcasing what Sharpie products are capable of .
GoPro
The world 's favorite camera is also one of its favorite Instagram feeds : 6.2 million people , at least , think the brand 's visual content is incredible . We 'll let it speak for itself .
BHLDN
Making your brand and your content work together is one of the most important ways to be sure you 're staying authentic , and BHLDN 's blog and email marketing provides an example for the ages . With content that ranges from funky floral arrangement how-tos to cool photo shoot staging ideas , users are glad to say “ I do ” to the smart content offerings .
Home Depot
Home Depot 's creative Vine feed is the stuff of content marketing dreams . Their content on the platform features everything from quickie DIY project how-tos to cool uses for old products . It 's one of the best uses of Vine out there — and 7.6 million loops agree . A bigger catalogue of in-depth how-to content can be found on The Apron Blog .
Nike
Nike 's “ Better For It – Inner Thoughts ” shines the spotlight not on elite professional athletes , but women who are in the daily grind of challenging themselves to get fit . With over 8.3 million YouTube views , and lots of shorter clips that correspond with the campaign , Nike put its best foot forward to connect with everyday women , and ran with it .
Gatorade
No matter how many great campaigns it puts out , Gatorade still thirsts for excellence . The brand was recently awarded the Grand Clio Sports award for its 2014 “ Made in NY ” film , which was sweet sendoff to the retiring Derek Jeter . And as football season gears up , the Manning brothers ( Peyton and Eli ) are starring in a new reality-style ad series , “ Sweat It to Get It. ” One spot had 2.6 million views in just its first week .
Pandora
The Unique Connection was one of this year 's best examples of a brand effectively tugging on heartstrings ( and right in time for mother 's day ! ) . Watch it , and we dare you not to cry .
Virgin America
The airline 's Flyer Feed blog is fun , fresh , and aimed to make readers want to jet set in style . From aiport and destination secrets to fun fleet coverage , Virgin America is flying high on content . Learn more about their vacation-focused content marketing strategy as well as their vision to disrupt the hotel industry .
Disney
Disney news , quizzes , and more fun stuff , all for the Disney-obsessed ? It 's no wonder why OhMyDisney ! is so popular among those who love the Mouse . Taking a page right out of Buzzfeed , it classifies content into categories like “ yum , ” “ silly , ” and “ oh , snap ! ” while guiding potential vacationers on their way to a purchase .
KFC
Colonel Sanders is back ! Well , not the real guy , but former SNL actor Darrel Hammond 's portrayal of him , and he 's got people excited about the famed chicken chain again . There 's even a kitschy ColonelSanders.com website .
Marriott
Two Bellmen , a short action comedy film with over 5 million views was created by Marriott 's in-house content studio that was put together late 2014 . Pretty innovative – and entertaining – for a hotel company .
National Association of Realtors
When you give readers lots or value to the tune of a full-fledged online magazine , it lends credibility to your brand . That 's what the National Association of Realtors do so well with HouseLogic , a site all about home improvement and real estate tips .
Southwest Airlines
With a Twitter feed full of customer and employee experiences and stories , the content that powers # SouthwestHeart is beating strong .
Barkbox
It might be a pet product company , but Barkbox 's Barkpost is all about looking at the world with “ a dog 's eye view , ” without trying to sell anything . Dog lovers who love sharing the most adorable pooch pics drive the site 's success . ( Learn more about Barkpost 's content strategy here . )
Panera Bread
Like other food/restaurant brands , Panera has really harnessed the power of Pinterest . By sharing original recipes and healthy living ideals that fit with the brand voice , as well as curating great content on the platform , they 're pinning and winning .
Want to learn more about building your content strategy like these influential content marketing brands ? Download our free e-book : “ The Ultimate Guide To Building A Content Marketing Strategy ” now !
Dawn Papandrea + Lauren Mangiaforte are NewsCred Contributors
After more than a year of economic weakness caused by tumbling resources prices , Saskatchewan 's economy is expected to emerge from recession and grow faster than any other province except Alberta this year , according to a new Conference Board of Canada report .
A rebound in oil drilling activity and investment in thermal heavy oil extraction plants , like Husky Energy Inc. 's $ 1 billion commitment last year , should help the province 's economy grow by 2.5 per cent in 2017 , the Ottawa-based think tank predicted .
“ The difficulties in the resources sector are slowly dissipating and helping Alberta and Saskatchewan emerge out of recession , ” Conference Board associate director Marie-Christine Bernard said in a statement on Monday .
“ However , the turnaround is still in its early stages and a full recovery will take time , ” the Conference Board said in its report , adding that continued weakness in business investment in and out of the resource sector could continue to hurt economic growth .
Saskatchewan 's economy has been buffeted by weak resource prices . While some firms continue to develop new projects , energy and mining companies have for the most part spent the last 12 months cutting costs .
That could be changing , however . In its report — which projects that Alberta will lead all provinces in terms of growth this year — the Conference Board said Saskatchewan is “ on a more solid footing than it was one year ago . ”
Brian Bahr/Getty Images
Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr said Friday the contract extension he signed this week to make him the highest-paid player in the NFL was structured to help the team re-sign other stars in the future .
Conor Orr of NFL.com passed along comments Carr made at a press conference after inking the five-year , $ 125 million deal to remain with the Raiders through 2022 .
`` We figured out a way to do it so that we have the opportunity to sign the other guys that I think are important to this organization , '' he said . `` That was really important to me . Not to just take every single dime that we could . I hope that that 's known . Obviously , the position that I play , it has to be around a certain number . It just is what it is . At the same time , I told ( my agent ) , if we can structure it in a way to help the Raiders get the other guys , give them an opportunity to come in , that that would be really important to me too . ''
Edge rusher Khalil Mack , the 2016 Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year , offensive guard Gabe Jackson and veteran safety Reggie Nelson are among the high-profile Raiders who will require new deals in the foreseeable future .
Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie would n't provide exact details about how Carr 's deal will help them with those other extensions , though .
`` The bottom line is , we 're able to move forward to keep all the players we need to keep in the correct timing , '' he said , per NFL.com . `` This affords us to do that . We 'll start on that ASAP . ''
Carr has emerged as one of the league 's top quarterbacks . After a lackluster rookie campaign in 2014 , he 's combined to throw 60 touchdowns and 19 interceptions over the past two years . His completion rate has steadily increased from 58.1 percent to 63.8 percent over his three NFL seasons .
In turn , the Raiders have transformed back into an AFC contender . They went 12-4 last season to earn their first playoff appearance since 2002 . They lost to the Houston Texans in the Wild Card Round with Carr sidelined due to a broken fibula , though .
The 26-year-old Fresno State product knows the title of highest-paid player rarely lasts long in the NFL , where every monster deal just sets the baseline for the next one . But he noted during the press conference getting the deal in place so he could focus on football was important .
`` I do n't care if they all do , we got our contract done , that 's all that matters to me , '' Carr said . `` The only thing that was important to me—we were n't going to worry about what other people were doing or have done . I just wanted to get mine done and , like we talked about , make sure the team had the flexibility to make sure my friends stay around . ''
Carr and the Raiders are scheduled to kick off the preseason against the Arizona Cardinals on Aug. 12 and will open the regular season against the Tennessee Titans on Sept. 10 .
The U.S. government gives refugees on public assistance special “ loans ” of up to $ 15,000 to start a business but fails to keep track of defaults that could translate into huge losses for American taxpayers , records obtained by Judicial Watch reveal . The cash is distributed through a program called Microenterprise Development run by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) Office of Refugee Resettlement .
Since 2010 the program has granted thousands of loans to refugees that lack the financial resources , credit history or personal assets to qualify for business loans from commercial banks . Most if not all the recipients already get assistance or subsidies from the government , according to the qualification guidelines set by the Microenterprise Development Program . It 's a risky operation that blindly gives public funds to poor foreign nationals with no roots in the U.S. and there 's no follow up to assure the cash is paid back . The idea behind it is to “ equip refugees with the skills they need to become successful entrepreneurs ” by helping them expand or maintain their own business and become financially independent .
Earlier this year , Judicial Watch submitted Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request to HHS for records related to the refugee business loan program . Specifically , JW asked for the number of loans that are written off per year and the amount of the write-off per defaulted loan . Unlike commercial banks or other lending institutions , HHS does n't keep track of default rates on loans issued through the Microenterprise program . This is astonishing considering that these are taxpayer dollars being furnished in the form of loans to foreign nationals granted refuge in the United States . An HHS official told JW the agency does n't have a tracking system in place to provide figures involving loan defaults . However , the agency is “ preparing to collect this information in the future , ” according to the records obtained by JW from the agency .
What we do know is that from 2010 to 2015 , HHS gave a total of 3,096 of these so-called micro loans , the records show . In 2015 a record 558 loans were granted to refuges but it 's not clear for what amount . At the high end , if all 558 loans made last year were for the full $ 15,000 available to each refugee that would mean that HHS ca n't account for an astounding $ 8.37 million . Here 's the rest of the breakdown , according to the records furnished by HHS as a result of JW 's FOIA request ; in 2010 the agency granted 550 micro loans ; in 2011 , 541 ; 2012 , 437 ; 2013 , 466 ; 2014 , 544 . That 's a big chunk of change . The last year HHS filed an official annual report on this questionable cash giveaway was 2011 . No official records have been made available to the public since then , which is why JW launched an investigation . According to the 2011 annual report , which resembles a promotional brochure , the default rate is only 3 % but no further details or breakdown is offered making the information less than credible .
HHS is not the only government agency doling out huge sums of cash for this cause , though its focus on refugees appears to be unique . Others , such as the U.S. Agency of International Development ( USAID ) , the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) and the Department of Labor ( DOL ) also dedicate hundreds of millions of dollars to various microenterprise causes . For instance , in one recent year alone USAID spent $ 223 million on microenterprise development activities , according to figures released by the agency . The USDA also allocates large sums to provide loans and grants to microenterprise development through a special “ Rural Microloan Revolving Fund ” and the DOL regularly pours lots of money into various microenterprise projects that are promoted as workforce investments in areas with high rates of poverty .
`` We share Austria 's position that there should not be a repeat of what happened along the Balkan route last autumn on the road from the Italian border northwards , '' said Thomas de Maiziere after a meeting with his Austrian counterpart Wolfgang Sobotka .
`` We have said we want to reduce the numbers of refugees sustainably , above all at the external borders , and a policy of simply waving people through would only spur more from outside the EU to come to Europe , '' said the German interior minister .
`` What is happening in Brenner depends above all on the Italians , '' added de Maiziere , referring to the Austrian border pass with Italy which Vienna is looking at fencing off in order to halt mass arrivals of migrants and refugees .
De Maiziere 's backing came a day after Italy angrily told Austria that it was `` wasting money '' on anti-migrant measures and that closing the border between the two countries would be `` an enormous mistake '' .
But Germany put the ball in Italy 's court .
`` Italy is aware of how serious the situation is , it knows that Italy must , should and will take action to ensure that Schengen remains open , '' said de Maiziere , referring to Europe 's passport-free zone .
`` That means , what it is at the moment is above all a task for Italy , '' he said .
More than 350,000 people , many of them fleeing conflict and poverty in countries like Syria , Iraq and Eritrea , have reached Italy by boat from Libya since the start of 2014 , as Europe battles its biggest migration crisis post-World War II .
Wedged between the Italian and Balkan routes to northern Europe , Austria received 90,000 asylum requests last year , the second highest in per capita terms of any EU country .
Legislation approved on Wednesday by the Austrian parliament enables the government to respond to spikes in migrant arrivals by declaring a state of emergency which provides for asylum seekers to be turned away at border points .
Some 250 police have been deployed at the Brenner Pass , a major transport link between southern and northern Europe with an average of 2,500 lorries and 15,000 cars using it every day .
Information deleted in subsequent editions with no coherent explanation
The 1984 American Academy of Pediatrics pamphlet for parents titled , “ Care of the Uncircumcised Penis ” described foreskin functions , which include shielding the glans ( head ) from irritation and infection . “ The foreskin protects the glans throughout life . ”
This information was deleted from subsequent editions of the pamphlet . Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. inquired eight times to four AAP officials about this deletion . The sequence of communications is posted below .
Why does the AAP omit information about foreskin functions it previously thought was useful ?
January 2 , 1996 letter from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Kara Taff
Kara Taff
Division of Physicians Payment Systems
American Academy of Pediatrics
141 Northwest Point Blvd .
P.O . Box 927
Elk Grove Village , IL 60009-0927Dear Ms. Taff : I have been referred to you for response to a question concerning AAP publications on circumcision . It has come to our attention that the 1984 edition of the pamphlet “ Care of the Uncircumcised Penis ” included the following information : ” The glans at birth is delicate and easily irritated by urine and feces . The foreskin shields the glans ; with circumcision , this protection is lost . In such cases , the glans and especially the urinary opening may become irritated or infected , causing ulcers , meatitis , and meatal stenosis . Such problems virtually never occur in uncircumcised penises . The foreskin protects the glans throughout life. ” The latest edition of this pamphlet does not include this information . Why was this information deleted ?
Thank you for your prompt response to this question.Very truly yours , Ronald Goldman , Ph.D .
Kara Taff Division of Physicians Payment Systems American Academy of Pediatrics 141 Northwest Point Blvd . P.O . Box 927 Elk Grove Village , IL 60009-0927Dear Ms. Taff : I have been referred to you for response to a question concerning AAP publications on circumcision . It has come to our attention that the 1984 edition of the pamphlet “ Care of the Uncircumcised Penis ” included the following information : ” The glans at birth is delicate and easily irritated by urine and feces . The foreskin shields the glans ; with circumcision , this protection is lost . In such cases , the glans and especially the urinary opening may become irritated or infected , causing ulcers , meatitis , and meatal stenosis . Such problems virtually never occur in uncircumcised penises . The foreskin protects the glans throughout life. ” The latest edition of this pamphlet does not include this information . Why was this information deleted ? Thank you for your prompt response to this question.Very truly yours , Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. January 23 , 1996 letter response excerpt from Susan McCarthy , Division of Public Education
“ Unfortunately , I am unable to determine why it was taken out . . . . Since the brochure is currently being revised , I will send a copy of your letter to the pediatricians assisting us with the review of this brochure to determine if any , all or part of the information should be reinstated . ”
“ Unfortunately , I am unable to determine why it was taken out . . . . Since the brochure is currently being revised , I will send a copy of your letter to the pediatricians assisting us with the review of this brochure to determine if any , all or part of the information should be reinstated. ” February 5 , 1996 letter excerpt from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Susan McCarthy
“ Since you do not know why the information was deleted , can you refer me to someone who does know ? Surely , someone in the organization would have the answer . The deleted information could have been reinstated in the latest edition of the brochure . I would like to know why this was not done . ”
“ Since you do not know why the information was deleted , can you refer me to someone who does know ? Surely , someone in the organization would have the answer . The deleted information could have been reinstated in the latest edition of the brochure . I would like to know why this was not done. ” February 16 , 1996 telephone call from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Susan McCarthy
McCarthy said they would look at their files and try to find out at what point or by whom the information was deleted . She did not know the initial response of the reviewers to the Jan. 2 letter and would try to get a response .
McCarthy said they would look at their files and try to find out at what point or by whom the information was deleted . She did not know the initial response of the reviewers to the Jan. 2 letter and would try to get a response . May 9 , 1996 letter from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Kara Taff restating questions about deletion
May 14 , 1996 letter response from Edward Zimmerman , Division of Physician Payment Systems , stating that Kara Taff resigned from the AAP and that he would respond to my questions about deletion
May 17 , 1996 letter from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Edward Zimmerman , restating questions along with copy of January 2 letter
July 15 , 1996 letter from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Edward Zimmerman after no response to May 17 letter
August 6 , 1996 telephone call from Ronald Goldman , Ph.D. to Mary Claire Walsh , Division of Public Education
Walsh said she sent a copy of the deleted information to the reviewers and let them know that it was previously in the brochure . When the brochure came back after their review the information was still left out . She did not know the reason and whose decision it was . When asked , she would not be more specific .
Walsh said she sent a copy of the deleted information to the reviewers and let them know that it was previously in the brochure . When the brochure came back after their review the information was still left out . She did not know the reason and whose decision it was . When asked , she would not be more specific . August 28 , 1996 letter to Mary Claire Walsh restating question and asking for response
September 3 , 1996 letter excerpt from Mary Claire Walsh
“ The reviewers felt it was not necessary to reinstate the paragraph because the revision of the brochure included a complete reorganization of the information contained in previous editions . ”
Note : A comparison of new and previous editions did not show “ complete reorganization of the information. ” In any case , such a reorganization would not justify the omission of previously published useful information .
When peak performance is your goal , every second counts . I guess milliseconds count too . Product development consultancy Cambridge Consultants had this in mind when they developed their new automatic gear-shifting system for performance bicycles called The Connected Bike . The idea is to shave off those precious seconds of time you use both considering and shifting gears while riding . We took an up-close and personal look at CES 2013 .
Using their new system , which combines some simple mechanics and sensors with the brains of a smartphone attached to the bike , you enter a specific performance goal you are trying to achieve — ride X number of miles in Y number of minutes , for example .
Then , the smartphone attached to the bike is able to calculate , in real time , when your performance has dipped . It then re-calculates and automatically shifts the gears for you to optimize your riding , in relation to your goal .
The aggregate performance data is viewable with the bikes ' own iPad app as well .
Scott McLaughlin says a communication breakdown triggered the pitlane penalty that curtailed his debut with Shell V-Power Racing .
The Kiwi was running fifth in the second stint when he was given a drive-through for weaving behind the Safety Car after its lights had been extinguished .
McLaughlin explained a lack of familiarity with his new team was likely to blame for the incident which dropped him to 17th on his debut for Shell V-Power Racing .
“ I knew straight away ( that I 'd broken the rules ) , ” McLaughlin explained post-race .
“ I could n't see the Safety Car and it was in the dip ( on Bartels Road ) and the light had obviously gone out .
“ I was behind I think it was ( Shane ) van Gisbergen at the time , and the Safety Car had gone down and I was weaving still and trying to get the temperatures up .
“ It 's one of those things where I was used to getting told that the lights were out .
“ It 's no fault of anyone 's and something we 've got work on from the first race .
“ I fully understand the rule and the penalty , it 's just disappointing . ”
McLaughlin 's penalty was one of two high-profile punishments in the season opening race .
Erebus Motorsport driver David Reynolds was robbed of a top 10 finish when issued a late-race drive-through for reaching four kerb strikes .
The punishments came in the first race after Supercars made sweeping changes to its judicial process that has placed an emphasis on investigating on-track incidents post-race .
Speaking immediately after the penalty was issued , Erebus Motorsport 's general manager Barry Ryan was highly critical of its severity .
Reynolds ' penalty followed a decision to investigate an incident between Mark Winterbottom and Jamie Whincup post-race .
“ The judicial system has had a big overview and they do n't want to do drive-through penalties , ” said Ryan , whose driver eventually finished 18th .
“ We 've just copped a drive-through in the hardest race of the year for overuse of the kerbs .
“ We saw a multiple champion ( Whincup ) turn someone around and he 's got no penalty . It 's just not fair in a race like this .
“ The play-on thing is what they want and a drive-through for overuse of kerbs is just not right . ”
McLaughlin said his penalty felt harsh but did not want to draw a comparison to the amended judicial system .
“ That 's the rule and it 's been in place for a long time , ” he said .
“ We knew it , it was just a communication error .
“ It 's a little bit harsh , but I would n't have a massive complaint at the moment . You should n't be doing it .
“ I would n't blame the rule . It 's just unfortunate . We should n't do that . ”
WHILE many of his NRL rivals were leading their teams to glory in first grade over the weekend , Shaun Johnson was playing a different role .
The 25-year-old superstar turned water boy for the day , acting as the trainer for the Manurewa Marlins under-10 team after they won a competition Johnson was running on his Facebook page .
“ You 're going to run hard , tackle hard and have fun , ” Johnson said on News Hub .
“ If you 're ever thirsty just look for me and I 'll come and give you some water . ”
The Kiwi international 's act of kindness was n't just for the young kids on the field , it was also to support the Marlins ' coach Zak Ward , who is wheelchair-bound after he was hit by a drunk driver last November .
Shaun Johnson plays water boy . Source : Facebook
“ He 's a really inspiring sort of guy and for him to be hanging out with these kids is really special , ” Johnson said of Ward .
At one stage in the game , Johnson donned the jersey of the opponents , the Tuakau Broncos , because the team was trailing by a wide margin .
Johnson decided to get involved simply because he had some free time and wanted to do something productive .
“ I was lying on my couch at home and thought : ‘ what am I up to this weekend ? ' ” Johnson said earlier in the week .
“ It was the first Saturday I had off this year and it 's run past my mind before .
“ I wanted to get out , I wanted to hang out with some kids and be around a grassroots footy team . ”
Johnson hopes to do the same with more clubs in the near future , but his next mission will be for the Warriors when they take on the Storm in Melbourne on Anzac Day .
Dr Adrian Owen at Cambridge University has already proved for the first time that some victims who show no outward signs of awareness , can not only comprehend what people are saying , but also answer simple questions .
Now he believes a new breakthrough will mean that it will not be long before they can communicate using a voice synthesizer almost in `` real time '' and even move around using a motorised wheelchair .
Dr Owen has already shown that using a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) brain scanner one patient was able to give `` yes '' or `` no '' responses to queries .
He and his team have gone a step further and shown that a similar response can be achieved using a much cheaper and smaller Electroencephalography ( EEG ) machine which measures electrical activity in the brain .
That means that for as little as £30,000 they will have access to the outside world in much the same way as the scientist Stephen Hawking .
However instead of using their cheek or eyelid to communicate , they will activate different parts of the brain .
Dr Owen , whose team is moving from Cambridge to the University of Western Ontario , Canada , believes the new devices could be available within 10 years .
`` I would never have believed that within a few years we would be actually communicating with a patient who was in a persistent vegetative state , '' he said .
`` We have seen something that is quite extraordinary . We now have a moral and ethical obligation to find ways for them to communicate properly .
`` We can not be putting them in a fMRI scanner every time they want to communicate . It is very expensive and they are not portable and not available everywhere .
`` EEG could work as well and it is cheaper and portable . I feel it will be possible for people to steer wheelchairs and be able to communicate . ''
Dr Owen 's findings suggest that around one in five PVS patients may be able to communicate and will raise questions about when doctors should switch off life-support systems .
Up to 1,000 PVS patients in Britain are kept alive by doctors in the hope they may one day regain consciousness .
Dr Owen laid the foundation for his prediction after studying a 29-year-old man brain-damaged in a car crash in 2003 .
The man was in a coma for two years before slipping into a persistent vegetative state .
He was seemingly awake , occasionally blinked , but showed no other sign of being aware of the outside world .
But Dr Owen 's team , whose work was funded by the Medical Research Council , and Steven Laureys , of the University of Liege , discovered it was possible to talk to him by tapping into his brain activity .
They used a fMRI scanner to measure brain response while the patient was asked questions . The scan uses magnetic fields and radio waves to detect electrical pulses .
Because the brain signals associated with `` yes '' and `` no '' are complex and too similar to distinguish , they came up with a code they could understand .
The team asked the patient to think of playing tennis for `` yes '' and moving around his home for `` no '' . While the movement in tennis sparks `` spatial '' areas at the top of the brain , the `` navigational task '' of moving around your own home sparks `` motion '' areas at the base of the brain .
An EEG , which looks like a swimming cap studded with electrodes , records electrical activity produced by the firing of neurons within the brain .
A Portable version of EEG costs between £20,000 and £30,000 and is already available .
`` That would be relatively affordable , '' said Dr Owen who is to receive a £15 million grant from Canada to continue his work .
`` It would only be yes and no questions but you can get a long way with just yes and no questions , '' he said .
A new technology called `` RoboKiller '' has won a $ 25,000 grand prize from the Federal Trade Commission in the agency 's `` Robocalls : Humanity Strikes Back '' contest aimed at promoting technologies to block and defeat the scourge of automated telemarketing systems . While it 's still in testing , the Robokiller application could give both mobile and landline phone customers a shield against unwanted robocalls , as well as a way to sort through them like e-mails in a spam folder .
For the past few years , the FTC has held competitions to promote development of technology that can detect and block robocalls—the increasingly sophisticated computerized phone calls that all too frequently are used by scammers to fish for gullible consumers . Ignoring the FTC 's `` Do Not Call '' list , these systems use a number of methods to avoid detection , including using voice-over-IP lines with numbers local to targeted numbers and interactive voice response systems scripted to act like human operators .
Ars met with Ethan Garr , the cofounder of RoboKiller , at DEF CON earlier this month , where RoboKiller took part in the final round of the FTC 's competition for 2015 . Garr explained in a nutshell how RoboKiller works :
Users register their phone number with the RoboKiller app , which forwards all incoming calls through RoboKiller 's backend in a cloud data center .
The RoboKiller server analyzes the incoming call , `` answering '' the call but still playing a ring signal before connecting the call .
Robocalls detect the initial answer by RoboKiller 's server and will start their recorded message . Humans will hear ringing and wait for the user to answer . RoboKiller 's server performs audio analysis on the back-end , looking for signs that it is a robocall—blocks of silence with no background noise and other audio signatures that are associated with automated calls .
Robocalls will get routed directly to a spam bucket . Calls determined to be from live callers will be forwarded as SIP calls to the app user .
RoboKiller and a runner-up technology from Hemant Sengar ( based on a similar audio analysis approach ) are the first winners of the FTC competition that try to directly screen incoming calls . Winners in previous competitions largely focused on creating robocall `` honeypots '' to gather data on patterns in automated calls , creating signatures based on the calls that could be used to assess whether an incoming call was a robocall based on its source number—much like the reputation databases used by anti-malware products to block malicious Web downloads .
Unfortunately , Ars has n't been able to directly test RoboKiller yet—we 're still in queue to get our beta account activated . But once we 're live , we 'll provide a full review . In the meantime , you can get early access to RoboKiller through the project 's Kickstarter page .
TORONTO — The Toronto Argonauts have signed Canadian offensive lineman Jeff Perrett and wide receiver Kyle Graves , the club announced Friday .
Perrett , a 6-foot-7 , 320-pound native of Lethbridge , Alberta , comes to Toronto in 2017 after spending the last 10 seasons of his career with the Montreal Alouettes , who selected him in the third round ( 24th overall ) of the 2006 CFL Draft . The 2015 East Division All-Star and Most Outstanding Lineman , and two-time Grey Cup champion played 166 regular season games over his 10 seasons with the Als .
Perrett was also recognized for his leadership and courage following the 2015 season as he was the recipient of the CFL 's Jake Gaudaur Veterans Trophy .
Graves , a 6-foot-3 , 220-pound native of Barrie , Ontario , spent the last three seasons with the Montreal Alouettes . In 34 games with the Als , he caught two passes for 19 yards .
The former Acadia product originally entered the league as a quarterback with the Alouettes in 2012 . After electing to return to school for his final year for CIS eligibility , he re-signed with the Alouettes in 2013 and transitioned to receiver . As a quarterback with the Axemen , he finished his CIS career as Acadia 's third all-time leading passer with 5,433 yards , second in passing completions ( 418 ) , and fourth in passing touchdowns ( 39 ) .
Barely did the year turn before news broke of a new hoard of coins unearthed by metal detectorists in an English field . The finder , Paul Coleman , was scanning farmland near Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , as part of the Weekend Wanderers Detecting Club ‘ s yearly Christmas rally when he discovered a piece of lead and a silver coin . When he moved a larger fragment of lead , he saw there were rows of coins underneath . Buckinghamshire Finds Liaison Officer Ros Tyrrell was on site in case something notable was found , so she was able to coordinate a proper excavation after the first few coins were exposed .
The area was cordoned off and before an increasingly large crowd of detectorists ( there were more than 100 club members at the rally ) the find carefully excavated . Silver coins filled a large lead container , apparently a bucket that was folded over at the top to cover the hoard , buried about two feet underground . Portraits on some of the coins identified them as having been minted during the reigns of Ethelred the Unready ( reigned 978-1013 , 1014-1016 A.D. ) and the Danish King Cnute ( r. 1016-1035 A.D. ) .
As the coins were removed from the soil , they were packed in poly bags and then carried to the farmhouse in an orange Sainsbury 's plastic shopping bag . On the farm 's kitchen table spread with newspapers , the entire hoard was counted out . The final tally was 5251 silver pennies ( plus half of another ) , one of the largest hoards of Anglo-Saxon coins ever discovered .
After the counting was done , Ros Tyrrell brought the coins that night to the Buckinghamshire County Museum in Halton and the next day they were transported by van to the British Museum . It was December 22nd , so much of the staff was on holiday , but the conservator who was at work immediately set about cleaning and cataloguing the coins . The cleaning process went smoothly , revealing coins in excellent condition . They are shiny , unclipped and so free of wear and tear that it seems likely they were never circulated .
There was a Royal Mint in Buckingham during the reign of Ethelred within a day 's walking distance from the find site . Given the dates and flawless condition , it 's possible these coins went straight from the mint into the ground , perhaps to hide them from the army of William the Conqueror as it advanced towards the mint .
There will be a coroner 's inquest to determine whether the hoard qualifies as treasure trove which it certainly will since it 's more than 300 years old and made of precious metal . Once declared treasure , a British Museum valuation team will determine its market value and a local museum will be given the opportunity of acquiring the hoard by paying the amount of the valuation . The fee will then be split between the finder and the landowner . Early speculation puts the possible value as high as $ 390 a coin for a total of $ 2 million , but that 's just spitballing based on the Ethelred coins . We wo n't have solid figures until every coin has been identified and dated .
[ youtube=http : //youtu.be/lLY1YQbgdwA & w=430 ]
This entry was posted on Friday , January 2nd , 2015 at 11:46 PM and is filed under Medieval , Treasures . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can skip to the end and leave a response . Pinging is currently not allowed .
Photo
The economic opportunity created by the so-called Internet of things has barely been scratched , according to a report released Wednesday .
A study by the McKinsey Global Institute predicts that the Internet of things , a term for sensor-laden machines connected to the web , will in the year 2025 create between nearly $ 4 trillion to $ 11 trillion in economic benefits globally . That includes profits to device-makers , efficiencies , new businesses and savings to consumers from better-run products .
It is difficult to measure the current economic benefit though , because most people now working with the technology are still in the early investment phase .
The biggest gains will be made by companies that figure out how to adapt to the new technology , the report said . On an oil-drilling platform , for example , this might mean knowing by the temperature or chemical changes in a pump that something may have happened upstream , away from the pump . In managing city traffic , this could mean learning how to correctly balance information from cars , roads and traffic lights .
“ This puts a premium on predicting incidents based on data from a multitude of sources , ” said Michael Chui , one of the report 's authors . But it will be a challenge for companies to find ways to both organize and take advantage of that information .
“ Earlier with computers there was something called the productivity paradox , which noted that data about greater efficiency was showing up everywhere but in productivity numbers , ” Mr. Chui said . “ But that was because there was a lag on the macro level . The early companies that figured out how to use computers , like Walmart , got most of the rewards . ”
The report is being released to coincide with a conference on the Internet of things in San Francisco . While there are sessions on subjects like synthetic biology , robotics and design , very little is planned on management .
Cape Town - Former Southern Spears CEO Tony McKeever believes he has a solution for SA Rugby 's Super Rugby predicament .
It was recently announced that the Super Rugby tournament will be reduced from 18 to 15 teams from 2018 onwards .
South Africa will lose two teams and Australia one , the southern hemisphere rugby governing body , SANZAAR , confirmed .
SA Rugby is yet to confirm which two South African teams will be axed , but there have been calls from several pundits for the Cheetahs and Southern Kings to be ditched .
McKeever agrees that the Cheetahs and Kings should be dropped from the tournament , but has proposed the idea of entering the two franchises into Europe 's PRO12 competition - which runs from September to May .
“ With the size of the current Currie Cup and Super Rugby squads , both the Cheetahs and EP Rugby could easily accommodate this schedule and start playing in September 2017 , ” the former Eastern Cape rugby boss said in an exclusive discussion with Sport24 .
The PRO12 is an annual competition involving 12 professional sides from Ireland , Italy , Scotland and Wales .
McKeever says SA Rugby needs to “ accept the news and the fact that two teams are certainly going to be cut and move on , like right now .
“ I have already engaged the PRO12 CEO Martin Anayi and proposed he takes these two teams and rebrand this as PRO14 and let the Cheetahs and Eastern Province Rugby is a part of this tournament , which starts in September .
“ Martin is a visionary and seeks to expand PRO12 into new markets and grow the PRO12 TV audiences and spectators . This is a perfect synergistic way to accomplish that with South African Rugby . ”
According to McKeever , the Port Elizabeth team should compete as a new Eastern Province Rugby brand , because “ the Kings brand is so tarnished and damaged beyond repair , like Chernobyl , that no sponsor or corporate would ever consider associating themselves with the Kings ” .
McKeever continued : “ This would rejuvenate the PRO12/14 tournament with excitement . The addition of two South African Super Rugby teams would increase TV viewership in Europe and South Africa and especially on-site spectator audiences coming to Bloemfontein and the ( Nelson ) Mandela Bay Stadium , to watch their teams play against teams from Ireland , Scotland , Wales and Italy , in this exciting tournament . It would be like the Cheetahs and EP Rugby each hosting six home 'Tests ' a year . ''
'Blow Super Rugby away '
Despite SA Rugby 's association with SANZAAR , an alliance with Europe is allowed , McKeever insists .
“ By doing this , SA Rugby would send a potent message to SANZAAR - that they are not agonising over this and are the first of the ‘ Big 3 ' southern hemisphere teams to break ranks and go north and let that be a message to not mess with us anymore , ” he said .
“ Personally , I think the PRO14 TV ratings will blow Super Rugby away and you might very well see a reversal of the exodus of players from South Africa and rather to these two South African PRO14 teams .
“ It is such an obvious solution to a decade old agonising conundrum that SA Rugby had to deal with and which has ripped the financial heart out of South African rugby .
“ As the saying goes , ‘ out of disruption , comes innovation ' . This is the way of the future of rugby in South Africa and it is fitting that the Cheetahs and EP Rugby should be the pioneers for this evolution of the game , certainly Harold Verster ( Cheetahs managing director ) and Rory Duncan ( Cheetahs director of rugby ) think so as well , ” McKeever said .
The Southern Spears franchise was formed in 2005 in a unanimous decision by SA Rugby 's Presidents Council , to provide the over 500 000 Eastern Cape rugby players a `` home '' franchise .
It was started with the intention of playing Super Rugby from 2007 , but the Spears ' entry into the tournament never materialised , as it was always going to be at the elimination of one , or at the most two , of the other five franchises .
`` It was summarily stopped by SA Rugby 's president at the time , Oregan Hoskins . The bad planning in 2005 then exacerbated into this current financial nightmare for SARU and EP Rugby , ” McKeever added .
Following this , the Southern Spears effectively ceased to exist , before the Southern Kings were established in June 2009 .
UNITED NATIONS — United Nations personnel were accused in nearly 80 cases of rape , sexual assault and sex trafficking in 2014 alone , with the bulk of the cases involving peacekeepers deployed to some of the most troubled parts of the world .
The findings , part of a 32-page report released quietly last week , are part of a decade-long effort by the organization to stanch sexual abuse by its own staff and soldiers .
The report resurrects some tough proposals that countries in the General Assembly had quashed in the past , including holding courts-martial in the countries where complaints were made , rather than simply sending the accused soldiers home , as is often the case .
The report proposes to establish a trust fund for victims , including “ children born as a result of sexual exploitation and abuse . ”
Gatineau police are investigating the city 's fourth homicide of the year after a body was found in the Hull sector Saturday night .
Police sources tell CBC News a man came to the Ottawa police station on Elgin Street around 10 p.m. Saturday and confessed to killing a woman in Gatineau .
Const . Pierre Lanthier of the Gatineau Police said an autopsy is scheduled for Monday , Oct. 28 . ( CBC )
They then notified Gatineau police and held the man as a suspect .
Gatineau police said they went to an address on rue Montpetit and found a body . They confirmed Monday morning the body was that of a female .
Gatineau police said a man is in custody at an Ottawa police station and they were filing paperwork to have him transferred over to them .
They said their investigators spoke with the suspect Monday afternoon .
Autopsy set for Monday
Marina Ceclan said she recently moved to the area with her four-year-old son because it looked safe . ( CBC )
Marina Ceclan recently moved in nearby and said she chose the area because it seemed safe .
`` We have a son , it 's very close to the park , the hospital , '' she said .
`` When I came from church this morning and saw the tape I was shocked… it 's normally quiet and safe . ''
A Gatineau police forensics team was on the scene Sunday morning to try to determine the circumstances around the death .
The body was removed from the home in the afternoon . An autopsy is scheduled for Monday .
Mind Your Step In Exstetra 's Akihabara Dungeon
By Eugene . September 12 , 2013 . 5:00pm
After being delayed from its original launch date , FuRyu has unveiled a look at Exstetra 's Akihabara , which like Shinjuku and Asakusa has also fused itself with parallel world Amasia .
Exstetra 's premise revolves around Tokyo having fused itself with alternate world Amasia .
As amnesiac student Ryoma , you discover that a kiss from you transforms others into Prisma Knights , and this affects both men and woman . Teaming up alongside Ryoma will be characters such as sword-wielding Jin or archer-class Mizuki . Ryoma 's powers mark him as the Prisma , the messiah destined to save Amasia from its destruction and return worlds to normality .
The area around Tokyo 's Akihabara has now fallen as silent as the grave , as if something awaits the unwary . Lush tropical greens adorn the buildings and bridges that once sheltered thousands of people drawn to the area . Delving into Akihabara 's dungeon , it spreads off as far as the eye can see , bleak darkness with shafts of light punctuating its metallic corridors and walkways . Impossible drops and far off pillars make travel difficult .
Additionally , in between exploring Tokyo , Ryoma and friends will retire to Seiba village . Depending on how the various heroines are feeling , special side interaction events between Ryoma and the girls could be unlocked .
Exstetra will launch on the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation Vita November 7 in Japan .
Today I have a special treat for you all : “ Hello Bunnyburrow ” a still ongoing comic by HyenaTig . I pestered Andy into letting me write the post , since I love this comic so much .
The comic is about Judy visiting her parents on her first holiday after the events in Zootopia , and with her is Nick , her best friend ( or at least that 's what she tells her parents ) .
Nick being a first time visitor and a fox in a bunny crowded neighborhood guarantees a lot of funny jokes throughout the strip , but the comic also has a bit more serious side . How does Judy tell her Parents about her and Nick ? Will they be okay with it ? Will they get angry ?
I always wondered how Judy was gon na tell her parents about Nick if they get romantically involved and this comic is one of my favorite head-cannons . So go check start reading after the break or check it out HERE on DeviantArt ( I suggest DeviantArt since HyenaTig is a bit of a statistic junky : P ) .
For the first time ever , you 'll be able to watch every single olympic event live . NBC has teamed up with YouTube to livestream more than 3000 hours of coverage from the London 2012 Olympics for free . First the Super Bowl was streamed online and now this !
The Olympics will be streamed live on NBCOlympics.com using YouTube 's infrastructure . The games wo n't actually be streamed on YouTube , and given the volume of people who will be trying to watch , it 's a good thing YouTube is tackling the project .
Advertisement
This is a sports junky 's dream . Every four years everyone probably watches popular Olympic events like the 100-meter dash live because the networks actually broadcast them on TV . But if you wanted to catch the live cycling action down at the London velodrome , you were out of luck until now . [ NBC via Time ]
Update :
It turns out the streams wo n't be free after all . You 'll need to be a cable subscriber to get them .
Earlier this year , the makers of DJ software Traktor , Native Instruments , unveiled Stems : a new audio format that stores up to four different tracks in a single audio file . This allows DJs to quickly and painlessly isolate different elements within a song ( such as the drums , for example ) for mixing purposes . Today , Stems officially launches to the public , with music retailers including Beatport and Traxsource already offering songs available to download in the new format . Beatport even allows shoppers to try out Stems in their online player , usually splitting up tracks into drums , bass , synths , and vocals .
Stems can be played like normal audio files
As the video above shows , Stems makes it easier for DJs to mix tracks by picking out certain elements within a song and adding , for example , filters or tempo changes . Previously , if DJs wanted to isolate parts of a track in this way they 'd either have to have access to original recording files or use software to haphazardly filter out certain frequencies . The format is also backward compatible ( meaning that Stems tracks can be played simply as MP4s ) , but high prices and large file sizes mean that this tech is really only for the DJ crowd — whether they 're professionals , or just playing to their bedrooms .
Although at the moment , Stems only works with Native Instruments ' Traktor range of software and hardware , the company says it plans to release developer tools soon to allow other companies to add support , and will also launch a free Stems Creator Tool so anyone can release tracks as Stems .
The Ebola outbreak shows no signs of abating , has killed 3,879 people and threatens more Western African nations poorly equipped to deal with the disease , the World Health Organisation has said in a report .
The UN 's health authority said on Wednesday that a total of 8,033 people had caught the infection up to October 5 , and 3,879 of those had died . Liberia and Sierra Leone , the two worst-hit nations , had less than a quarter of the beds needed .
The news comes as the United States reported that the first patient diagnosed of Ebola in the country has died .
`` The situation in Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone continues to deteriorate , with widespread and persistent transmission of Ebola , '' the organisation said . `` There is no evidence that the EVD epidemic in West Africa is being brought under control . ''
It said a reported fall in the number of new cases in Liberia was `` unlikely to be genuine '' and rather reflected how responders were being overwhelmed by data .
Meanwhile , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Liberia 's president , said on Tuesday that international aid to battle the Ebola epidemic was arriving too slowly in her country .
`` We just need to see a little bit faster action , that 's all . But certainly , in terms of resources both human and financial as well as material , I think the response is well appreciated and is very good . We would like to speed it up , '' Sirleaf told the Reuters news agency .
Striking workers
Burial workers ended a one-day strike in Sierra Leone over unpaid wages , which left contagious corpses of Ebola victims at homes and on the streets of the capital , Freetown .
Health workers in Liberia have also threatened to strike if their demands of a $ 700-a-month salary and safety equipment were not met by the end of the week .
US Secretary of State John Kerry meanwhile issued an `` urgent plea '' to all nations to boost their response to Ebola , as the US announced it was sending 100 marines to Liberia .
`` More countries can and must step up , '' Kerry said , warning there were `` still not enough countries to be able to make a difference '' .
The World Bank estimated that the economic toll of the largest Ebola outbreak in history could reach $ 32.6bn if the disease continues to spread through next year .
Jim Kim , the president of the World Bank , urged western governments to back a new $ 20bn global health fund that would be able to react instantly to emergencies .
New cases
The Red Cross charity has confirmed that one of its aid workers was under observation in Cairns Hospital in Australia after returning last week from working with people affected by the Ebola virus in West Africa .
Meanwhile , the US confirmed the death of Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian , who fell ill shortly after arriving in the US on September 20 . He had been isolated since September 28 and died in a Dallas hospital .
Health officials have identified 10 people , including seven health workers , who had direct contact with Duncan while he was contagious . Another 38 people may have also come into contact with him .
His death comes two days after a Spanish nurse was confirmed ill with the disease . She is believed to have been infected while treating a Spanish missionary who had been evacuated from Sierra Leone .
The Madrid regional government said on Wednesday that it put the nurse 's dog to sleep after the police retrieved it from the apartment where Teresa Romero lived . Animal rights groups sought to stop the authorities through an online campaign to save the animal , but the officials proceeded with the court order .
Go inside the skincare rituals of the # RHOBH ladies .
Getting ready for a Real Housewives reunion requires a few things : Watching episodes to refresh your memory , picking the perfect dress and amazing skin and hair . The RHOBH reunion taped on Thursday , and the ladies shared how they prepped for the big event on social media .
While tears are not uncommon at the reunions , puffy eyes on camera must still be prevented . Lisa Rinna took care of the issue by wearing these under-eye patches .
Game time . # reunion 👍🏼👊🏼 A photo posted by Lisa Rinna ( @ lisarinna ) on Mar 10 , 2016 at 8:35am PST
And since eyes are n't the only thing that needs refreshing , she also wore a Lancer Lift and Plump Sheet Mask . A pack of four goes for $ 120 , but glowing skin while confronting fellow Housewives ? Priceless .
Kyle Richards took a slightly more dramatic approach with what looks to be an intense facial .
Thanks @ carinas_skin_care for helping me get Reunion Ready . I think I may actually wear this 🤕 A photo posted by Kyle Richards Umansky ( @ kylerichards18 ) on Mar 9 , 2016 at 4:26pm PST
Yolanda Hadid decided to update her cut and color before facing the ladies . And of course she went to Chris McMillan 's salon , because when you want to look your best , you go to Jennifer Aniston 's personal stylist .
BYD , the Chinese electric vehicle maker backed by billionaire investor Warren Buffett , plans to locate the U.S. headquarters of three separate operating divisions in Los Angeles , according to an announcement on the Web site of the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation ( LAEDC ) .
Company officials estimate the new offices would create up to 100 jobs initially , with plans to expand BYD 's work force to up to 2,000 employees over the next three years , LAEDC said .
In addition to being North America 's largest consumer market for electric vehicles , southern California was seen as a strategic outpost for BYD because of its proximity to Los Angeles International Airport , the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach and several railways , LAEDC said . The area is also home to major operations of other car companies such as Honda , Toyota , Hyundai , Kia , Suzuki , and Mitsubishi , it noted .
BYD 's main founder , chairman Wang Chuanfu , has emerged as one of China 's wealthiest enterpreneurs in recent years , ranking no . 1 on our 2009 Forbes China Rich List published last November with wealth of $ 5.8 billion . His wealth declined to $ 4.4 billion when we published our list of the world 's richest people in March of this year .
In 2009 , BYD sold over 430,000 automobiles , more than double its year-earlier shipments and ranking as one of the largest domestic auto manufacturers in China , LAEDC said .
Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway holds an approximately 10 % stake in BYD .
Take Control of Multiple Players with Generic Music Controls
There are countless options available for music lovers regarding which application they use for listening to their favourite tracks . If you 're anything like I am , you probably have an app for locally stored files , one for your Google Music collection , another for DLNA/UPNP , and we have n't even got to the numerous online streaming or radio apps yet . This of course leads to a plethora of widgets cluttering up one or two different home screens ( depending on how attached to cover art you are ) and several different notifications , each with their own level of functionality , information , and player controls .
Would n't it be great if you could do away with all of those and just use one single… You see where I 'm going with this , right ? In that case , cue Media Utilities by XDA Forum Member batesapps . This handy little app/widget will allow those running Android 4.0 or above to bring all those different music and streaming apps under one umbrella and do away with that sea of widgets . There are several different styles of widget to suit all tastes , from those who prefer a small and subtle option to those who absolutely want to make sure that everyone within a ten foot radius can see exactly what they are listening to . While Media Utilites is by no means the first application to attempt the unification of all media players on a device , it does intend to be the one that provides you with the most consistent level of meta data and cover art across all apps and services .
This is a public beta , so expect a few bugs for now . However , if this is something that is relevant to your interests , please do test it out with your selection of favourite apps and let the developer know in the application thread .
FRISCO , TEXAS : The Freedom of using a handheld device in your own personal vehicle while in a school zone has been restricted . Next the local rule makers will probably decide that both hands need to be on the wheel in the 10 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions , have correct posture , and that your seat-belt is worn correctly and firmly to protect yourself and others . A North Texas activist is now bringing to light the overbearing intrusion of what we do in our automobiles . Brett Sanders is slowly and safely travelling in his truck through some of the local school zones and holding up to his ear a 3/4 inch piece of plywood cut and shaped to look like a cellphone .
Brett told a local reporter . “ I just decided to try to come up with a creative way to draw attention to this absurdity . My biggest issue is with the police going out of their way to cite citizens for not harming anybody for essentially committing a victim-less crime . ”
Since he started doing this he has twice encountered a police cruiser with the ironic red , white , and blue flashing lights get behind him , both times by the same cartoon faced order-follower . Mr Sanders stated , “ Once he realized it was a block of wood he let me on my way . So he actually handled it pretty well and was a good sport . ”
Now the local police have issued a short statement to defend their school zone stake-outs that nab people for these victim-less crimes that bring in quick cash for their departments . A crime by definition has to have an injured party , not that there might be one .
Frisco PD bemoaned to the local news station “ We know that parents of students in Frisco appreciate our presence in the school zones and that us being there does make school zones safer. ” I asked Brett for his rebuttal and he told me , “ The curious thing about this law is that there was n't an epidemic of children dying or being hurt in school zones to begin with . This is just another example of government manufacturing a problem so they can implement more revenue generation mechanisms under the guise of safety . Children are the best propaganda tool of the state . ”
The argument that cellphones are the sole instrument that might possibly cause a distracted driver is squelched when you can name other things that are done in vehicles while travelling . “ Cell phones do n't have a monopoly on distracted driving . You could be eating a cheeseburger . You could be sipping on coffee or yelling at your kids , ” exclaimed Sanders .
The profit for the police if they catch you using a real cell phone in a school zone is instant income deduction of between $ 200 to $ 500 . A pretty steep theft for not hurting anyone or anything . When while the cops are driving , they have radar guns , laptops , cellphones , CB radios , lunch in their lap , but yet they can steal our money for being so-called “ distracted ” behind the wheel .
Mr. Sanders is just in the beginning stages of his current skirmish with the local cops , and will continue the use of his prop to further prove how silly and what a waste of time this law is . The government continuously trying to protect us from ourselves and racking in piles of cash in the name of safety needs to stop . He has started manufacturing a few of his wooden cellphone decoys , rightfully named , “ Cellblock 200 's ” in his garage , and are now for sale and said he has sold 12 so far . They come in black with one saying “ No Victim No Crime ” and the other saying “ Fuck your Law ” . Civil disobedience was the foundation of our country and is now billowing through the ashes with the hopes of no longer being a lost art , but a weapon against the police state .
By Andre ' Gabriel Esparza – DontComply.com
1816 first edition .
Tintoretto 's painting depicting one of the many battles of the Ottoman-Venetian wars .
The Siege of Corinth is a rhymed , tragic narrative poem by Lord Byron . Published in 1816 by John Murray in London with the poem Parisina , it was inspired by the Ottoman massacre of the Venetian garrison holding the Acrocorinth in 1715 — an incident in the Ottoman conquest of Morea during the Ottoman-Venetian Wars .
Overview [ edit ]
A `` Lion 's Mouth '' postbox for anonymous denunciations at the Doge 's Palace in Venice , Italy .
Byron recounts the final , desperate resistance of the Venetians on the day the Ottoman army stormed Acrocorinth : revealing the closing scenes of the conflict through the eyes of Alp ( a Venetian renegade fighting for the Ottomans ) and Francesca ( the beautiful maiden daughter of the governor of the Venetian garrison : Minotti ) . [ 1 ]
Alp — whose impassioned suit for Francesca 's hand had been previously refused by Minotti — had later fled the Venetian Empire after being falsely denounced by anonymous accusers via the infamous `` Lion 's Mouth '' at the Doge 's palace ( see insert ) . Enlisting under the Turkish flag , he repudiates both his nationality and his religion , as well as his old name 'Lanciotto ' , only to be challenged by Francesca herself the night before the final assault to repent his apostasy , to forgive his accusers , and to save the Venetian garrison from certain slaughter . [ 2 ]
Alp 's ensuing moral dilemma : viz . to forgive those who unjustly accused him and save the lives of his enemies ; or to prosecute his revenge on Venice using all the Turkish forces under his command — forms the climax of the unfolding drama as the battle between the Ottomans and the Venetians presses to its conclusion . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
^ Byron , George Gordon . The Poems of Lord Byron . London : Oxford University Press , 1945. pp . 320-330 . ^ Byron , George Gordon . The Poems of Lord Byron . London : Oxford University Press , 1945. pp . 324-325 . ^ Byron , George Gordon . The Poems of Lord Byron . London : Oxford University Press , 1945. pp . 325-326 .
Sources [ edit ]
I know this site may seem to be going hard and heavy after Romney in the last 24 hours , but truth be told , it 's just too much fun . And we 've been shooting at Obama for so long that even this brief interlude of close scrutiny of Romney would not come close to achieving “ balance ” if “ balance ” as opposed to trying to get past the PR , were our objective .
Tax maven Lee Sheppard has a new piece up at Forbes on Romney 's tax returns , which I suggest you read in full . It has juicy discussions of Romney 's investments , and the sus-looiking grantor trusts ( which appear to be making investments in funds that are taking the tax position that they are engaged in a trade or business , which seems really unusual , to put it politely ) . And Sheppard looks to have scored a personal win . She flagged Ann Rommey 's horse Raflaca as not credible as a business , and lo and behold :
Expense for Raflaca did n't show up on the Romneys ' 2011 return . The campaign admitted that the expenses were regarded as personal .
But her discussion at the top really caught my eye . Mitt did not pay 13.7 % in taxes in 2011 . He paid a lower rate and made a voluntary contribution , which tax law does not consider an extra tax . Yet he 's been characterizing this donation as a tax . This is a misrepresentation .
And if he chooses to , he can change his mind about that voluntary contribution . He has three years to amend his returns . What do you bet he wo n't take that gimmie back if he loses his Presidential bid ?
This is the germane section of Sheppard 's post :
We are edging closer to understanding why Romney wo n't disclose his returns for the last five years . Newsies have been operating on the theory that Romney zeroed out in some years , but that is probably wrong… . The Romneys chose to forgo a 2011 deduction for $ 1.8 million of their gifts , to get their tax rate up to 14.1 percent . Without that gesture , their tax rate would have been far less than the 13.66 percent Romney stated that he has been paying . That 's nice , but the tax law does not consider the voluntary payment of more than is owed to be a tax . The tax law considers it to be a contribution to the federal government ( section170 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( v ) and ( c ) ( 1 ) ) . So the Romneys did n't pay a 14.1 percent tax rate . The Romneys reported $ 1,935,708 on line 61 of Form 1040–not all of which was really tax . They paid a lower tax rate plus a $ 270,000 ( $ 1.8 million times 15 percent ) voluntary contribution . What happens to the $ 1.8 million the Romneys did n't deduct ? They have three years to amend the 2011 return to deduct it .
She also takes a dim view of the PricewaterhouseCoopers letter the Romney camp has circulated in lieu of making customary disclosures :
It 's a self-serving declaration . A trial judge would n't admit it into evidence . We are not required to believe a self-serving declaration from a big accounting firm just because it is a big accounting firm .
Oh , but it 's one of the remaining Big Four accounting firms ! There are only four of them left because one was put out of business under threat of criminal indictment for dressing up Enron 's books . Not so long ago , all of the big accounting firms were full-bore tax shelter merchants . Several firms , including PwC , settled tax shelter promotion disputes with the IRS .
But just for fun , let 's parse the wording of that self-serving declaration . The letter states that there were both federal and state taxes owed each year . This takes into account Romney 's admission that he has been audited “ from time to time ” in the past .
The PwC letter states that the lowest “ effective federal personal income tax rate ” Romney paid on his adjusted gross income during the years 1990-2009 was 13.66 percent . The statement that he paid some tax in each and every year is consistent with the theory of a successful housing market punt with Paulson . That is , Romney might have paid a little tax on a lot of money made in a very ugly way . There is no such concept of “ effective federal personal income tax rate ” in the tax law . PwC invented this concept by dividing adjusted gross income by federal income taxes shown on the returns . Adjusted gross income is not taxable income . Romney 's itemized deductions are fairly high , because of his investment expenses . Although he pays alternative minimum tax , his only add-back is state income taxes . Moreover , the income from the estimated $ 100 million in his IRA is completely sheltered from taxation . The IRA is believed to contain special classes of shares of companies acquired by Bain Capital . The PwC letter says Romney paid an “ average annual effective federal rate ” on his adjusted gross income of 20.2 percent for the years 1990-2009 , during much of which period capital gains rate exceeded 20 percent .
Put more simply , the fact that the PwC letter is so tortured is a smoking gun in and of itself . But since it is above the pay grade of pretty much anyone except tax wonks , it will probably succeed in stumping at least some of the critics .
With Benghazi , Republicans Recruit Beltway Press For Another Whitewater Production May 14 , 2013 10:41 AM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› ERIC BOEHLERT
Reporting on ABC News ' story about how administration talking points about the September 11 terrorist attack on a U.S. diplomatic facilities had gone through an inter-agency editing process , World News Tonight anchor Diane Sawyer on May 10 introduced the program 's coverage by claiming the White House had been `` challenged today during a leadership crisis . '' Sawyer reported the latest round of Benghazi questions and allegations about the talking points revolved around `` what the president did on Benghazi '' eight months ago , the night four Americans were killed . Neither claim was true . There 's no indication Obama played any role in the crafting of the talking points , which had nothing to do with what the president did during the attack . But for ABC , the editing process for a sheet of talking points is now considered a `` leadership crisis . '' As wildly inaccurate and misleading as Sawyer 's brief introduction was , it helped in terms of marking how deeply the mainstream news media have ventured into the GOP scandal culture in order to help legitimize the right-wing effort to turn Benghazi into full fledged political firestorm at home . With Republicans working in tandem with Fox News to prop up Congressional hearings that have provided a framework for news coverage in recent weeks , the Benghazi story has taken on a nostalgic , 1990 's feel recalling a time when the same Republican Party and the same conservative media noise machine hounded a Democratic president with endless allegations of wrongdoing . Punctuated by hearings , the wild allegations were excitedly churned through news cycles by reporters and pundits in hot pursuit of `` scandal . '' ( And used by conservatives to raise campaign cash . ) It 's especially reminiscent of Whitewater , the octopus-like investigation that stretched on for years , cost tens of millions of dollars , and even branched out into scrutinizing President Bill Clinton 's sex life . Over time , the vast majority of those endless Clinton allegations were proven to be hollow . But aidded by some regrettable journalism , the relentless scandal culture took hold and managed to damage to the Clinton administration . Now it 's time for a rerun . ( `` Getting the band back together , '' is how Esquire 's Charles Pierce describes the right-wing 's obvious re-assembling of its ` 90s scandal machine . ) As the Beltway 's Benghazi witch-hunt gathers momentum , and questions about relatively minor events , such as the inter-agency drafting of national security talking points , are portrayed as deeply disturbing news revelations ( while previous , disproved Benghazi allegations get quietly shelved ) , it 's uncanny how the storyline more and more resembles the early days of the Whitewater fiasco , and other ancillary Clinton pursuits . Note how the formerly Whitewater-obsessed Wall Street Journal editorial page is calling for the creation of a Select Committee to investigate Benghazi . The paper insists it 's the only way `` for the U.S. political system to extricate itself from the labyrinth called Benghazi , '' when a Select Committee could accomplish the opposite and drag the story out for years . Indeed , the whole point of the GOP 's Whitewater model is to create a political labyrinth for the White House , and to then wallow in it and hope the press does , too . That 's the Whitewater model ; to launch a `` scandal '' that can sustain itself through endless investigation for months and years on end . Like Whitewater , look at how the Benghazi production now comes complete with dubious claims about whistleblowers ( and their unreliable advocate ) , controversial talking points , and leaked Congressional testimony used to whip up media anticipation . But it 's testimony that ultimately failed to advance the story . Bill Clinton and his former senior advisers must be suffering severe bouts of déjà vu these days .
`` All of this is a grotesque over-reaction - for transparently political purposes , '' wrote blogger Andrew Sullivan in a recent Benghazi-related post , headlined `` Whitewater Round II . ''
In fact , Whitewater seems to be enjoying a renaissance of sorts within far-right circles and might now be considered a model of partisan attack . This week , Fox 's Megyn Kelly referred to Whitewater as `` one of the biggest scandals that we 've seen in recent years . '' Kelly then introduced former Whitewater deputy counsel Robert Bittman to comment on the possible need for an independent prosecutor to investigate Benghazi . ( In the real world , Whitewater is often used as shorthand for a waste of money and a pointlessly partisan and incompetent investigation . )
The key to the Whitewater formula for Republicans is to get the press to play along and to get the press to hype stories beyond their importance while simultaneously not penalizing Republicans when their previous , laundry list of allegations fall flat . In recent days , that formula has been working for the GOP .
Recall that over last eights months , Republicans , with Fox News and the right-wing media is their amplifier , have claimed Obama never called the Benghazi attack an act of terror . They suggested former CIA director David Patraeus was forced to resign because of Benghazi , that the White House had demanded changes in the original Benghazi talking points . That Obama watched Americans die in real time last September 11 and refused to send help . That so-called whistleblowers were blocked from testifying about the Benghazi , along with Benghazi survivors . Also , that Hillary Clinton was to blame for security cutbacks at the Benghazi facility , and faked a concussion in order to avoid testifying about the terror attack .
False , false , false , false , false , false , and false .
But has that established record of shoddy misinformation slowed the press from embracing Benghazi as a stirring controversy ? No . Just like it rarely slowed down the Whitewater coverage , which for years allowed Republicans to swing and miss without ever being called out .
In terms of hyping Benghazi stories beyond their importance , the New York Times conceded in its May 11 report about the fresh controversy surrounding the drafting of the talking points , `` the e-mails do not reveal major new details about the attack or other discrepancies in the administration 's evolving account of it . '' But that did n't stop the paper from pushing the article on page one .
Why ? Because like the new ground rules that the press established for Clinton , it 's the appearance of impropriety that makes it a news event . That , and the fact that Republicans are deeply , deeply troubled by that appearance of impropriety .
At the same time , the scandal culture is reinforced by dubious journalism and commentary that hardens erroneous GOP talking points , such as when NBC 's Tom Brokaw claimed on May 13 that United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice went on the Sunday morning talk shows immediately following the Benghazi attack and `` in a very emphatic way '' she said `` it was not a terrorist attack . '' In truth , Rice stressed during her September 16 appearance on Face The Nation , `` it 's clear that there were extremist elements that joined in and escalated the violence '' at the diplomatic facilities in Benghazi .
The Benghazi circus , created by Republicans and their allies in the right-wing media , has been punctuated by eights months of steady lies about Obama and his administration . For the press to now ignore that avalanche of falsehoods and to then wildly overhype the issue of edits to a sheet of talking points is to return to the dark journalistic days of Whitewater . It 's to return to a time when the Beltway press enabled and promoted a dishonest smear campaign .
Short Link
copy link Stories/Interests Benghazi
Joe Hart is closing in on a new contract at Manchester City , as the club prepare for a crucial month in the season .
Hart , the England goalkeeper , has been in negotiations over a five-year extension and talks are expected to resume when he returns from international duty .
Manuel Pellegrini , the manager , has already persuaded key players including Sergio Agüero , Vincent Kompany , Edin Dzeko , David Silva and Samir Nasri to sign improved terms since the end of last season and Hart is next in line .
The 27-year-old endured a difficult start to last season , temporarily losing his place to Costel Pantilimon , and was criticised over the goal he conceded in Stoke City 's surprise victory at the Etihad Stadium last weekend .
But despite the summer signing of Willy Caballero from Málaga , Pellegrini still regards Hart as his first-choice goalkeeper and is keen to tie him down to a long-term deal by the end of this month .
Hart is settled in Manchester and is relishing the prospect of playing in the vital games ahead in the next few weeks , which include trips to Arsenal and Bayern Munich plus the visit of Chelsea and Roma
`` I 've been lucky enough to be here a long time , I 've seen the ambition grow and grow , ” he said . “ It 's a fair expectancy , it 's a fair belief because we 've got great players and great people around the club .
`` I 'm proud to have been here a long time and I 'm really enjoying being part of Manchester City .
“ We 've had a good year under this manager and we feel ready to kick on . This club wants to do well - and nobody wants to do better than this group of players . ”
City will begin their Champions League campaign in Munich on September 17 , naming their 21-man squad for the competition on Friday .
Frank Lampard , who completed a surprise loan move until January , is one of the minimum five homegrown players City required to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations .
Pellegrini was only able to name 21 players as punishment for breaching the rules last season , rather than the usual 25 .
Matija Nastasic , who has been told he can leave the Etihad , is not included in the ‘ A ' squad but will still be able to play matches as he was under-21 at the turn of the year and can be part of the ‘ B ' squad .
Jack Street started skiing at age 5 , and at 18 years old he was a seasoned skier when he joined the Nipmuc Regional High School Ski Team .
His first practice with the team was Wednesday night , and his mother snapped a photo of him moments before he took to the slopes at Ski Ward in Shrewsbury . Her son , known as a gentle giant , sported a broad grin as he held his skis . Attached to the photo was the message , “ Let the racing begin . ”
Shortly after that photo was taken , Mr. Street apparently suffered a seizure and died after falling about 30 feet from a chairlift , despite what witnesses say was a desperate attempt by a teammate to keep him from falling.Mr . Street landed face-down on the hard ground below the lift . He was taken by ambulance to the hospital after first responders found him unconscious under the lift about 6:45 p.m. , according to Fire Capt . Mark Mann .
Among the first responders at the scene were Ski Ward patrollers , Ski Ward owner John LaCroix , and the Nipmuc Ski Team coach , Dr. Joseph M. Pugleasa . Dr. Pugleasa , who specializes in orthopedics and sports medicine , administered CPR , Mr. LaCroix said . Mr. Street was pronounced dead at UMass Memorial Medical Center — University Campus in Worcester . An autopsy is planned .
Mr. Street 's death has left not only his family and friends grief-stricken , but an entire school district as well .
“ It was overwhelming . Many of the students knew ( about the death ) coming in to school this morning , in the age of Facebook , ” Joseph P. Maruszczak , superintendent of the Mendon-Upton Regional School District , said . He had logged on to Mr. Street 's Facebook page about 10:30 Wednesday night and saw more than 100 postings already mourning his death .
“ It 's a very subdued mood in the school . There is very much a sense of shock for all of us trying to comprehend this , but it is incomprehensible . It 's the sum of all of our fears as parents , teachers and educators , ” he said .
The Nipmuc Regional High School ski team was formed last year . The small team — seven students and the coach — was at its first practice of the year Wednesday night , preparing for the first race in the Central Mass . Ski Conference League yesterday . That race was canceled .
Mr. Maruszczak , who was appointed superintendent in July , said that to the best of his knowledge , Mr. Street did not have any known health conditions , and had to get medical clearance before joining the ski team .
Mr. Street 's family — father Jim Street , mother Tracey Street , and younger brother , Owen — declined to speak to the media yesterday at their 5 Kensington Lane home , but released a statement saying , “ ( Jack ) was an 18-year-old boy with a heart of gold and a passion for skiing beyond all else . He loved his family fiercely , particularly his brother Owen . He was a ‘ gentle giant ' who had an amazing smile and a loud laugh . Jack had tremendous clarity in his viewpoints and loved to argue about politics , religion and social issues . Although yesterday was his first day on a ski team , he has spent every winter since age 5 skiing at every opportunity and died doing what he loved . ”
The family added that Mr. Street was a sports fan , organizing fantasy leagues and endlessly critiquing his favorite teams .
“ Jack 's circle of friends included every generation and they will all miss him tremendously , ” the statement concluded .
Dr. Pugleasa , the team 's coach , referred all questions to the school district .
Mr. Maruszczak said many of the faculty and staff are very emotional about Mr. Street 's death , particularly at the Memorial School where he attended elementary school .
“ There were a lot of stories shared . He was a very affable young man with an outstanding personality , a great sense of humor , who was planning to go on to much success in college , ” Mr. Maruszczak said .
He met with staff at the high school at 6:15 a.m. yesterday , and the high school principal began the day by announcing the tragedy to the students , followed by a moment of silence .
Mr. Maruszczak said all the counselors in the district , as well as counselors from Riverside Community Care , were at the high school to meet with students . Mr. Maruszczak said the focus is now on helping the family through the tragedy .
“ We need to come together not only as a school community , but as a community to grieve this loss , ” Mr. Maruszczak said .
Ski Ward hosts the practices and races for the Central Massachusetts Ski Conference League . The league teams include Nipmuc , St. Peter-Marian Central Catholic High School in Worcester , St. John 's High School , Westboro High School , Algonquin Regional High School , Shrewsbury High School , Notre Dame Academy , Hopedale-Millis and Wachusett Regional High School .
According to the company 's website , Ski Ward Ski Area , once known as Ward Hill Ski Area , has been in operation since 1939 and is one of the oldest continuously operating ski/snowboard areas in the country .
Mr. LaCroix , the owner , said the family and Ski Ward staff are shaken by the accident , and extended his condolences to the Street family .
“ As a family-operated place , I am here with my children all the time . Both of my children were on the hill last night ( Wednesday ) as well . This really hits home , ” Mr. LaCroix said .
He said he has been operating Ski Ward for 22 years , and hosts 10,000 skiers annually , and has never had an accident such as this .
The lift has a bar , which was down at the time of the accident . There is no foot-rest attached to the bar . The ride to the top is only about two-and-a-half minutes , Mr. LaCroix said , and the accident happened about a third of the way up the hill .
Mr. LaCroix said the state Department of Public Safety was at Ski Ward yesterday inspecting the equipment , as is the protocol after an accident , and found nothing out of place .
Mr. LaCroix added that Ski Ward has conducted an internal investigation as well .
“ The LaCroix Family and the Ski Ward staff are all really upset about this , ” Mr. LaCroix said . “ I really just want to reach out to the family at this time , especially having teenaged kids myself . This is just really hard . ”
Ski Ward posted a message on its webpage , reading , “ On the evening of January 4th , a member of the Nipmuc High School Race Team apparently suffered a medical emergency and then fell from the chairlift . It saddens us to have learned that the racer has passed away . As a family operated ski area , this tragedy is close to our hearts . Please join the Ski Ward family in giving our heartfelt thoughts , prayers and support to his family and friends during this difficult time . ”
There 's no other good phone like this . The BlackBerry Q10 will almost certainly be the best keyboarded smartphone of its kind when it hits the market - if it hits the market soon , and there 's the danger . I spent some time with the Boldest BlackBerry yet and came away even more impressed than I was with the BlackBerry Z10 .
The BlackBerry Q10 feels just like a BlackBerry Bold . That is a good thing . Hold it right next to a Bold and you see that it 's a little taller and wider , with a much bigger 3.1-inch , 720-by-720 screen . RIM gets to play with the fact that this is n't entirely a one-handed device - you 're going to type with two hands , so you probably wo n't have to reach all the way across the keyboard with one .
The Q10 runs BlackBerry 10 , of course . Its square , 720-by-720 screen looks and works like the Z10 's 1280-by-768 screen had its bottom cropped off . You still see four Active Frames , but they 're smaller ; squares now , not rectangles . On the application panes , you get three rows of apps instead of four . You can see fewer emails in the Hub , too . This all evens out in situations where you 're typing , of course , because there , the soft keyboard takes up much of the Z10 's 4.2-inch screen . All the BlackBerry 10 gestures and features seemed intact on the Q10 .
RIM made sure to parallel a lot of the Z10 's features here . You still get MicroUSB and MicroHDMI ports on the left , a volume rocker on the right , a MicroSD card slot and a removable battery . The phone 's back is soft-touch rather than shiny , made of a durable `` woven glass '' material . The 8-megapixel main camera , 1.5-GHz dual-core processor , 2-megapixel front camera , 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage all parallel the Z10 , as well . So the Q10 should work just as smoothly as the Z10 , just with a keyboard .
The most important thing about the Q10 , of course , is the keyboard . Yes , the keyboard is Bold-quality . I checked it out right next to some existing keyboarded BlackBerrys , in fact . The keys are 30 percent bigger than the Bold 's on the edges of the panel , with larger frets between the rows to prevent mis-typing . When I typed an email to myself , keypresses were a bit mushy , but this was a pre-production unit , so I 'm willing to give them some tuning .
The Q10 will have many , if not all of the familiar BlackBerry keyboard shortcuts ; I watched a demo guy type `` bb '' and have it expand to `` BlackBerry . '' If you start typing from any screen , it 'll start a universal search ; if your typing becomes the name of a contact or an email address , it 'll start an email . Yes , this is even more direct and effective than the Z10 's interface . It 's even quicker to get things done .
I love the BlackBerry Q10 , but it is n't coming out until April at the earliest . Part of that is RIM 's fault . The software on my demo Q10 clearly was n't ready - the demo guy stopped me from trying the browser - and an insider at the product launch told me that developers are n't getting the SDK to port third-party apps to the Q10 until next week .
But a lot of it is U.S. carriers . If the carriers sit on the BlackBery Q10 for months , BlackBerry 10 wo n't be able to gain momentum - it 'll never have a chance . Let 's hope that the Q10 hits shelves as quickly as possible .
For more , see PCMag 's first look at BlackBerry 10 .
