After blaming the recent Colorado wildfires on women wearing hats and pants and gay people kissing , Colorado pastors and Generations Radio hosts Kevin Swanson and Dave Buehner warned yesterday that things in Colorado are getting even worse .
Swanson said that Colorado is “ more tyrannical than communist China and maybe even North Korea ” as a result of new pro-choice and gay rights laws , and is even on its way to becoming “ the worst possible hellhole on planet earth. ” “ Their vision for Colorado is a drugged-out , marijuana'd-out , homosexual culture where children are abused as much as possible , ” Swanson claimed , “ this is the vision of the Democrats . ”
If it was evil , they loved it ; if it was against God 's laws , they said go for it . Our legislature in Colorado stuck a finger in God 's eye every opportunity that they had in this last legislative season , it was amazing , they obliterated family freedoms at every step , they trashed gun rights , they embraced every moral abomination they could find , they undermined liberty at every single point . Their vision for Colorado is a drugged-out , marijuana'd-out homosexual culture where children are abused as much as possible , because children in non-nuclear families are twenty times more likely to be abused than children in nuclear families , so children abused as much as possible . This is the vision of the Democrats , get children abused , kill them in the womb as much as possible , be sure there are as many dysfunctional families as possible , as many homosexual families as possible and children abused as much as possible , so government can grow their child welfare services even more , so that they can kill more kids , so that more adults can commit adultery , so that more kids would be murdered , so that more kids would be abused , so more government would tax and regulate and tax and regulate to produce the worst possible hellhole on planet earth .
Swanson and Buehner later claimed that Karl Marx “ was a Satanist ” who has won adherents among “ most of the world ” and “ most of the universities . ”
“ It 's interesting how the most evil people in the world who bring about the Marxist , Communist , pro-abortion , pro-homosexual agendas typically revert back to the worship of Satan , ” Swanson said .
Buehner agreed that progressives are “ turning towards Satan ” and resisting God : “ their vision is orgies in the street ; their vision is where every man is his own god . They hear the words of the serpent , ‘ you 'll be as gods knowing good and evil for yourselves , ' and they say , ‘ yeah , bring it on , that 's what I 'm all about baby , keep that guy off the throne so that we could be there . ”
Nobel Peace Prize : Joke of the Century
What to expect of an institution whose founder invented dynamite , which seriously postulated the choice of Bush and Blair for the Peace Prize , which perpetuates its existence by pandering to the whims of its amoral overlords ? What to expect when you give the keys of the kindergarten to a paedophile who is a serial rapist ?
It is fitting that the institution set up by `` The merchant of Death '' , famous for his career as a major manufacturer of armaments , famous for inventing cordite , whose main contribution to the world was dynamite , bestows upon the European Union the Nobel Peace Prize for its contribution to `` peace and reconciliation , democracy and human rights '' .
After all , why should n't an Institution which awarded Barack Obama the Peace Prize back in 2009 when his country was actively engaged in two wars not award the EU , whose states were actively engaged just last year in the most disgusting and flagrant breach of international law , the most heinous act of terrorism , the most despicable support for murderers , rapists , arsonists and torturers in the war in Libya ( which by the way is far from `` won '' ) ?
And why not go the whole hog , this Institution which allegedly seriously considered the accused war criminals Bush and Blair for the Peace Prize , and award it to the EU for its contribution to `` democracy '' .
Democracy ? Someone please tell me the Nobel Institution is joking , and we can then all have a good laugh , slap it on the back , say `` nice one , you had me fooled there for a minute '' and wander off arm-in-arm in guffaws to the nearest bar . Democracy ? The European Union ? It is difficult to imagine an organism more autocratic .
Did anyone vote for the Euro ? Did the EU bother asking its citizens if they wanted this European model ? Were the citizens actively engaged after Maastricht and before Nice and Lisbon ? Did the EU ask its citizens if they wanted the Euro imposed upon them ? Did the wonderfully mentally advanced Eurocrats know what they were doing when they implemented this socio-economic monster top-down in a shining example of arrogance ? And incompetence ?
Democracy and human rights ? What human rights do the EU citizens have ? It is enough to watch the police beating them senseless when they dare to express their shock and horror at the economic noose placed so eagerly around their necks , it is enough to watch the cynical manipulation of a vote when a people dares to say No ! and the wording is changed and the vote repeated until everyone gives up and says `` yeah , OK , OK , OK ! ! ''
Democracy ? Hahahahaha . Sorry , BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAH !
The only organism voted into place in the EU is the European Parliament which has no executive power and the organism which has executive power , the Commission , is not elected . So how democratic is the European Union ? It is as democratic as the choice of victims by a serial paedophile rapist when given the keys to the local kindergarten .
And speaking of Germany , how democratic is Angela Merkel for the Greeks , whose futures have been destroyed by the European Union ? For Greece , read `` Portugal '' , read `` Spain '' , read `` Italy '' today . Read `` France '' tomorrow . And they give this leprous , syphilitic slug called the European Union a Peace Prize ?
Or is this Nobel Peace Prize thing Norway 's way of having a good laugh at the EU as it sits outside watching the Union fall apart like a jigsaw puzzle attacked with RPGs ?
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
Pravda.Ru
JavaServer Faces has been around for as long as we can remember . Over that time , we 've seen numerous companies crop up , offering their own spin on the tried and tested web-application formula , and also several fall by the wayside after failing to drum up interest with the JSF community at large . It 's still an innovative space , with new components continuing to push things on .
One project that is going from strength to strength is Primefaces , the Ajax framework stocked full of JSF components . Lead by Optimus Prime – sorry , Çağatay Çivici – the community has expanded exponentially over the past few years , deciding that they see a lot from PrimeFaces when designing a rich application . Consequently , Çivici is seeking to broaden PrimeFaces 's reach into other mediums
The most recent PrimeFace news is the changing of its funding model . While the company offers a paid ‘ PrimeFaces PRO ' enterprise support programme , they briefly experimented with a ‘ community funding ' programme in which new feature requests could be prioritised through donations . ( Though the page has since been pulled , Google 's cache is still up as of time of writing . )
Çivici says the experiment was inspired by a funding model used by some video games . “ We had delivered a couple of funded projects , funded issues , ” he says , but it was disrupting the project 's roadmap . “ Later we realised that maybe there was a better way to get more support from the community , ” he says .
Instead , community members wishing to contribute financially can purchase a User 's Guide PDF . “ The minimum price is $ 1 , and there 's no maximum – so it 's more like a donation , ” says Çivici . “ For people who just want to support the project , they can just donate any amount they want . ”
Çivici estimates there are “ close to 20,000 ” active PrimeFace users worldwide , but emphasises that it 's merely an educated guess . “ I wish there was a way of counting that , but this is open source ! ”
Of more interest is last 's week release of PrimeFaces 3.4 , accompanied by what has become a tradition for PrimeFaces : an epic , Hollywood-style trailer showing off its latest features ( embedded below ) .
PrimeFaces 3.4 Trailer from cagataycivici on Vimeo .
“ We worked on it for almost two months , and added lots of new features – almost 140 changes , ” says Çivici . The highlight of the release is PrimeFaces push , which is powered by the Atmosphere framework and allows for building of asynchronous web applications ( there are demos available showing the tech in action ) .
Atmosphere framework creator Jeanfrancois Arcand actually flew out to Instanbul , where the team is based , to help work on Push . “ We worked with him for a week , ” says Çivici , “ and also had some great fun as well ! ”
Meanwhile , PrimeFaces has been expanding onto further platforms . First up is PrimeFaces Mobile , a UI for creating mobile-optimised JSF applications based on jQuery mobile ( a logical choice , since PrimeFaces is built on top of jQuery ) .
“ We will be working on PrimeFaces Mobile 1.0 all through September , ” says Çivici , who aims to the release of the first major version to coincide with JavaOne in October .
The headline features are primarily designed to increase site performance , with on-demand ‘ lazy loading ' of views and optimized resource loading of external JavaScript and CSS , as well as support for back-forward history navigation and new mobile renderers for a range of elements .
More controversial is PrimeFaces ' expansion into proprietary Microsoft territory , with an ASP.NET-compatible version called PrimeFaces.NET . Community reaction to the announcement in August was mixed , with some fearing that PrimeFaces ' focus would be lost with the addition of a third prong , while others questioning the choice of platform . “ It 's like working for a non-profit organization and suddenly start working for the arms industry , ” said one commenter .
“ This is more like an experiment right now , ” says Çivici . “ We realise we have a lot of custom JS and we are currently limited to JSF and we would like to offer this solution to .NET [ users ] . ” It 's the beginnings of a larger strategy to expand PrimeFaces ' reach to further frameworks beyond JSF , with Çivici comparing it to “ a game coming out for Xbox , PS3 and Wii ” .
“ In the future [ we 'd like to support ] maybe any other library , any other framework , for people who like to do just plain jQuery and like to bind to the server side , to the jersey web servers , with no server-side framework at all , ” says Çivici . “ We would like to offer a solution for them as well , but right now the next step for PrimeFaces is .NET , and the main reason is because the architecture is similar . ”
PrimeFaces for JSF will continue to be the priority , he emphasises , and a separate team will be working on PrimeFaces.NET . “ We will make sure that PrimeFaces for JSF development is not affected by our new plans for .NET . We have the resources for [ managing three projects at once ] and we have planned accordingly . ”
Updated 7:58 p.m . ET
DALLAS Authorities have charged a former teacher and Dallas Mavericks entertainer with capital murder in the fatal shootings of his estranged wife and her daughter .
Police said in a statement Thursday that 44-year-old Erbie Bowser was arrested Wednesday night at the shooting scene in the Dallas suburb of DeSoto .
Killed in the DeSoto shootings were Bowser 's 47-year-old estranged wife , Zina Bowser , and her 28-year-old daughter , Neima Williams .
Also shot and wounded were two boys , ages 13 and 11 , were hospitalized in critical condition after the Wednesday night shootings .
Police say the shootings capped a bloody night that began with shootings at a house in southwest Dallas about 15 minutes earlier in which a woman and her daughter were killed and the woman 's son and a family friend were wounded . Dallas police said they were expecting to file two additional capital murder counts against Bowser in that attack .
Bowser identified himself on his Facebook page as a former Dallas Mavericks dancer , CBS Dallas station KTVT-TV reports . Bowser was arrested at the second crime scene in DeSoto , Texas , outside Dallas . Family members said that Bowser was looking for his ex-girlfriend at both of the houses .
The first shooting happened around 10:30 p.m. at a Dallas home . Police say 43-year-old Toya Smith and her 17-year-old daughter Tasmia Allen were shot and killed . Smith 's 14-year-old son and a 17-year-old female family friend were injured .
Just before the shooting at the Dallas home , the family friend had been talking to her mom on the phone , the police said . When that conversation ended , the mother became concerned and called back to check on her daughter . After there was no answer , she drove to the location , found the victims and called 911 .
By then , the gunman then had moved about 7 miles to another home in DeSoto . There , at around 10:45 p.m. , he tossed what police believe may be some type of explosive device into the home , police told KTVT-TV , before opening fire again .
Russ Morrison , spokesman for the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said Bowser used an explosive device in the home that did n't injure anyone .
Carolyn Webb , left , sits with Sonya Ellington near the house where their friend was killed in a fatal multiple shooting Aug. 8 , 2013 , in DeSoto , Texas . AP Photo
Another two women were killed , and two boys - an 11-year-old and a 13-year-old - were wounded , DeSoto police Cpl . Melissa Franks said
Neighbors of the DeSoto home described the loud boom from the explosive device .
`` We thought it was coming from upstairs because the kids are always upstairs making noise , '' said Tommy Johnson . `` I went up and asked , 'Did y'all hear anything ? ' and one of my daughters said it came from outside , so I peeped out the front , and that 's when I saw a bunch of officers walking down the sidewalk about 10 houses up . ''
Carolyn Webb , a friend of the DeSoto victims , said Zina Bowser was in the process of divorcing her estranged husband . `` He just tore so many hearts , '' Webb said .
Franks said police took Bowser into custody without incident at the house where the second shooting occurred .
Victims that survived the Dallas shooting were taken to Parkland Hospital and Methodist Dallas Medical Center . Their conditions are not known .
The Dallas Mavericks said Thursday that Bowser performed from 2002 to 2009 with its Dallas Mavs ManiAACs , which the NBA team describes as dance troupe made up of `` beefy men '' who entertain fans during games . Bowser is 6-foot-7-inches tall and weighs 355 pounds , according to court records .
Bowser worked for nearly a decade as a special education teacher in the Dallas suburb of Mesquite . School district spokeswoman Laura Jobe said Thursday he resigned in 2010 `` on good terms . '' He also worked for a couple of seasons as a football coach at West Mesquite High School , she said .
Bowser served as a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army from October 1991 to November 2000 . The U.S. Army media relations department said he served in the infantry at Schofield Barracks in Hawaii and at Fort Drum in New York . He was never deployed overseas . The Army said it does not release information about whether a soldier is honorably or dishonorably discharged .
Bowser has had several previous brushes with the law , including most recently an arrest for violating a protective order , though the charges appear to have been dismissed . In 2011 , Bowser was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , though the outcome of that case is unclear . The only convictions he has are from charges in 1989 for evading arrest and an alcohol related incident  both on the same date .
In a cryptic official statement referencing “ threats of violence and harassment , ” DC Entertainment announced last night that it would no longer be publishing that controversial Batgirl variant cover :
We publish comic books about the greatest heroes in the world , and the most evil villains imaginable . The Joker variant covers for June are in recognition of the 75th anniversary of the Joker . Regardless if fans like Rafael Albuquerque 's homage to Alan Moore 's THE KILLING JOKE graphic novel from 25 years ago , or find it inconsistent with the current tonality of the Batgirl books – threats of violence and harassment are wrong and have no place in comics or society . We stand by our creative talent , and per Rafael 's request , DC Comics will not publish the Batgirl variant .
Many followers of # CHANGETHECOVER took DC 's statement to mean that Albuquerque himself was the target of harassment , with some fans even showing their support for the artist with “ Je Suis Rafael Albuquerque. ” But as Albuquerque explains :
Ill talk more about it tomorrow but I was never threatened . just to make it clear . — Rafael Abuquerque ( @ rafaalbuquerque ) March 17 , 2015
Batgirl co-writer Cameron Stewart was able to offer a little more clarity :
Something to clarify , because DCs statement was a little unclear . @ rafaalbuquerque did not get threats . People OBJECTING to the cover did . — Cameron Stewart ( @ cameronMstewart ) March 17 , 2015
I stand behind Rafael as an artist and a friend , and think he made the right decision . — Cameron Stewart ( @ cameronMstewart ) March 17 , 2015
In his full statement , Albuquerque wrote :
My Batgirl variant cover artwork was designed to pay homage to a comic that I really admire , and I know is a favorite of many readers . ‘ The Killing Joke ' is part of Batgirl 's canon and artistically , I could n't avoid portraying the traumatic relationship between Barbara Gordon and the Joker . For me , it was just a creepy cover that brought up something from the character 's past that I was able to interpret artistically . But it has become clear , that for others , it touched a very important nerve . I respect these opinions and , despite whether the discussion is right or wrong , no opinion should be discredited . My intention was never to hurt or upset anyone through my art . For that reason , I have recommended to DC that the variant cover be pulled . I 'm incredibly pleased that DC Comics is listening to my concerns and will not be publishing the cover art in June as previously announced . With all due respect , Rafa
Not surprisingly , DC and Albuquerque 's decision was met with typical dude-bro whining and a ComicGate hashtag protesting “ censorship ” ( in quotation marks because that 's not how censorship works ) and “ reverse sexism ” ( in quotation marks because that 's not actually a thing ) , with the cover cancellation being compared to the presumed lack of ethics in video game journalism , concerns over sexism in STEM fields , and the recent deadly terror attacks on Charlie Hebdo . Thankfully , common sense prevailed elsewhere :
Oh COME ON guys . The Batgirl cover was a misfire for the people who read that book . Wrong tone . Pulling it was a very reasonable decision . — Joe Hill ( @ joe_hill ) March 17 , 2015
It ai n't censorship , it 's not an outrage , it 's the right choice – every aspect of a book should be working for the story and the audience . — Joe Hill ( @ joe_hill ) March 17 , 2015
Variant covers do n't necessarily show a story moment from inside . Nor do regular covers , these days . But all covers are still about… — Kurt Busiek ( @ KurtBusiek ) March 17 , 2015
…reaching out to the audience you want to attract to a book . Welcoming an appropriate audience and making them want to sample the book . — Kurt Busiek ( @ KurtBusiek ) March 17 , 2015
Props to DC ( and Albuquerque ! ) for considering the cover 's problematic implications and dissonance with the new Batgirl , taking online threats seriously , and for making this variant cover their Twitter header photo :
( via Comic Book Resources )
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Pinterest , & Google + ?
Hello Sour Beer Friends !
We live in a lush and fertile time for the creation of excellent sour beers , but this landscape of innovation and experimentation has only recently become a reality . If we rewind the clocks by twenty years and look at the sour beer market of the 90 's , we will find a very different state of affairs . In the early 90 's , the only sour beers on the US market were imports from Belgium . These were the classic lambic styles as well as Flander 's Red Ales and Flander 's Oud Bruins and , at the time , very few American drinkers understood these beers . They often sat on shelves unnoticed for months or even years and I have heard stories from Cantillon 's importers , the Shelton Brothers , of whole cases being returned because of the beer 's “ shocking ” acidity . At this time , virtually no American brewers had begun to understand , let alone brew with , the bacteria and wild yeast used to produce these styles .
Another concept which was not only unheard of in America , but worldwide , was the idea of performing a primary fermentation with the yeast Brettanomyces . While Brettanomyces had been discovered around the turn of the last century and its activity in both acidic beers of Belgium and aged stock ales of England was well understood , its use as a sole fermentation organism would n't take place until only about a decade ago . These first 100 % Brettanomyces beers revealed aroma and flavor qualities that had not previously been obtained in beer . Unfortunately almost all actual scientific research conducted upon Brettanomyces up until that point had been funded by the wine industry and was largely geared toward merely understanding the yeast so that it could be avoided .
This brings us to the point of my introduction… The first thorough research which studied various strains of Brettanomyces during primary fermentation was performed by Chad Yakobson as part of the dissertation for his masters degree in Brewing and Distilling at Heriot-Watt University . Now Yakobson continues to both research and utilize Brettanomyces at his own brewery , Crooked Stave Artisan Beer Project , a brewery focused on the production of 100 % Brettanomyces fermented wild ales . We have reviewed several excellent Crooked Stave beers previously on Sour Beer Blog , but I do n't think any of them have showcased the awesome tropical fruit aromatics that Brett is capable of producing as well as this most recent beer , Wild Wild Brett Batch 60 .
Wild Wild Brett Batch 60 ( WWB-60 ) is pale golden wild ale soured with Lactobacillus and then fermented with a blend of Yakobson 's proprietary Brettanomyces strains . This one-off beer was dry-hopped with Amarillo and Citra hops and was initially released to the public on January 28 , 2014 . My first experience with the beer was in August when a friend split a bottle with me and several other sour fans . At the time , I was blown away by both the tropical fruit notes of the beer and its excellent citrus and grapefruit hop profile . I had the good fortune of opening a second bottle just a few nights ago , and while some degree of the citrus hop aromatics may have faded , the Brett tropical fruit esters of pineapple , mango , and guava were as strong as ever !
The beer , which was kept in my fridge for about a month before tasting , poured a crystal clear golden yellow with a fair level of white head which faded after a few minutes . The first aromas I picked up were big-time notes of pineapple , mango , tropical fruit punch , grapefruit and citrus with an underlying soft lactic acid . As the beer warmed , both additional hop aromas of pine and floral potpourri became notable as well as some of the more classic Brettanomyces aromas of earth , leather , and hay . The aromas coming off of this beer were complex , juicy , and tremendously enticing .
When tasting WWB-60 , I was greeted with a clean and lemony lactic acidity blended with a mixture of all the same tropical fruit flavors that I had been smelling in the beer . It was very difficult to pinpoint exactly where the contributions from Brettanomyces ended and the flavors imparted from the hopping began . Regardless , the beer drank like a tart and fruity version of a very aromatic west-coast style pale ale . There was a big citrus component of lemon and grapefruit , as well as plenty of pineapple , mango , and fruit punch . Toward the finish I could also pick up some of the earthy and leathery funk I 'm used to finding more often in Brett beers , but these phenolic flavors took a backseat to the big-time ester profile . The beer had a light to medium body with a medium level of carbonation . The finish was well-attenuated but not to the bone dry levels of many sour beers . In a lot of ways , WWB-60 reminds me of a pale ale , and this includes its malt profile which seems to be a fairly simple blend of pale and possibly pilsner malt . The lactic souring was strong enough to be assertive , but not puckeringly so , and there were no off-flavors of any type that I could detect .
Overall , Wild Wild Brett Batch 60 is a fantastic beer that highlights some of the special characteristics that only Brettanomyces can achieve . If I had a steady supply of dry-hopped fruit forward sours like this they would easily replace fruit lambics and hoppy west-coast pale ales as my go-to styles of beer for session drinking . If you could n't tell , I am a big fan of both Chad Yakobson 's research and his fantastic beers , some varieties of which I always keep stocked in my cellar . If you get the chance to try Batch 60 , certainly do so , even with age it is still drinking wonderfully . If you ca n't find bottles of Batch 60 , most definitely check out any of Crooked Stave 's other excellent beers , you 'll be happy that you did !
Cheers !
Matt “ Dr . Lambic ” Miller
Dutch Classic to end almost 2km beyond Cauberg to offer chance to “ more potential winners ”
The finish line of the Amstel Gold Race is to move two kilometres past the top of the Cauberg climb , to that used at this year 's World championships , Wielerland reports . The Dutch Classic , which is the first of the three big Ardennes races - along with la Flèche Wallonne and Liège-Bastogne-Liège - has finished on top of the Cauberg , in the town of Valkenburg , since 2003 , after switching from the centre of the nearby city of Maastricht ; this has often led to the race to simply come down to a flat out race in the final kilometre , much as la Flèche does a few days later on the Mur de Huy .
The 2012 World championships finished in Valkenburg , but the races finished beyond the top of the Cauberg , between the villages of Vilt and Berg en Terblijt , just as they did in 1998 . This has largely been due to the extra space required for the World championship tribunes , but has also prevented the race from coming down to a simple hill climb .
This is also the reason that the Amstel Gold Race organisers have chosen to move their finish line , as race director Leo va Vliet explained to Dutch broadcaster NOS .
“ With the finish line a little further on there are more potential winners and that 's attractive , ” he said .
While the new course does give riders a chance to catch a breakaway that escapes on the climb , it may not make a difference to the overall result . 2010 and 2011 Amstel winner Philippe Gilbert took both victories by virtue of his speed up the final climb ; so devastating was his attack in the World championships last year , however , that nobody could chase him down before he hit the finish line to take the rainbow jersey .
Dutch favourite Marianne Vos won the women 's race in identical fashion , but there is some hope for the sprinters , however , as the under-23 men 's , and both junior men and women 's races both finished in small bunch gallops .
What are the facts and what can you do to prevent and test for it ?
The news that Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen is HIV positive has once again raised the profile of the virus in the media but what are the facts and what can you do to prevent and test for it ? His story highlights that if caught early , treatment can be highly effective in controlling the condition and in his case the virus is now undetectable in his blood . This has the added advantage of making him much less infectious to others .
A leading UK charity estimates that around 100,000 people in the UK are HIV positive , double the number who had been diagnosed a decade ago and underlining the need to be tested on a regular basis . Of these 20 - 25 % are probably completely unaware that they are carrying the virus .
HIV can affect young and old alike , with around 900 UK sufferers aged 15 or below according to The National Aids Trust .
HIV can be transmitted in a number of ways , through sharing of blood and other bodily fluids , predominantly through unprotected sexual relations with a number of partners or through the sharing of needles by those who use illicit drugs . It can also be passed between mother and her baby in the womb .
Fortunately , with appropriate drug treatment , people with HIV who are diagnosed early are now regularly living healthy and productive lives into old age and on average 10 years longer than those who are late in discovering that they have contracted the virus .
HIV can sometimes take years to show itself in any physical form and patients frequently have no symptoms at all ( early symptoms may be flu-like ) which is why it is better to test yourself if you are at all worried that you might have been exposed .
The stigma of having the test is no longer an issue and there is a strong argument that anybody who has had unprotected sex should be tested , as the number of positive heterosexuals is now higher in the UK than homosexuals .
The previous anxieties about being tested affecting life insurance also no longer apply .
The Medichecks HIV test is affordable , easy to use , reliable , discreet and can be done quickly at home with results available in 24 hours .
You can find out more about the Medichecks HIV test and order your HIV test today .
Pokémon Cards
The world-famous trading-card game based on the hit Pokémon video game and subsequent television series . Stack up your Pokémon cards and prepare to do battle . Whether you 're building a fire and lightning deck led by the powerful , Charizard-EX , searching for those rare finds , or just your favourite characters like the classic Pikachu or Onix , or the obscure yet menacing Genesect or Tornadus , we at Zephyr Epic are proud to help Canadian Pokémon trainers build the best decks and take out the competition and be the envy of your friends .
Here you can find everything from Pokémon theme decks , individually or bundle deals , Pokémon tin releases to impress your friends , hard to find 20th Anniversary collections , and Pokémon booster sets for yourself or as that perfect gift for the Pokémon collector in your family . Zephyr Epic has the best online collection of Pokémon cards in Canada !
Arma 3
Brendan Greene , also known as PLAYERUNKNOWN , is the creator of the Battle Royale mod that started in the DayZ mod for Arma 2 . Recently , Battle Royale has been licensed by SOE and made an official game mode in H1Z1 , with Greene joining the team as a consultant . We caught up with Greene to talk about the mod 's origins , why SOE went through him , and the future of Battle Royale both in and out of H1Z1 .
Brendan Greene
For those who do n't know , what is the original Battle Royale ?
Battle Royale started way back in the DayZ mod . It started out with me basically trying to see if I could make a mod , and I thought the idea of last man standing game mode was one that had n't really been done before and I really wanted to see if I could do it . DayZ Battle Royale was hugely popular . Right up until the DayZ standalone [ release ] , we were probably one of the more popular DayZ mod variations .
Then , once Arma 3 came out of alpha in April , we went and moved across to Arma 3 because it 's just a better engine , and because zombies in the DayZ mod were , at the best of times , a little bit glitchy . I did n't feel it was fair to have something that would cause quite random deaths sometimes . So we 've been in Arma 3 since April , and I guess we 've had over 200,000 downloads of the mod and in any given month we have about 50,000 active players .
Wow . When we spoke briefly at SOE last week , you mentioned that there were a lot of people playing it competitively , right ? Or , there were lots of squads ?
Yeah , so we have a squad battle league , which we have n't started yet because I feel the Arma 3 engine is n't good enough in a multiplayer setting to have a competitive league . We 've done a few events ; we did one for Extra Life before Christmas where we had like 55,000 people watching . We were the second most popular channel on Twitch during that . I am setting up a squad battle league , but I just do n't think it 's fair to have a competitive league where prizes are involved when the Arma 3 engine—you know , you get de-sync and lag a lot . I just do n't feel it 's fair , but we have something like 3,000 squads signed up with about 2,000 of those being two-man squads and 1,000 being four-man squads , so that 's in-and-around 8,000 people . But , again , I 'm just waiting for their multiplayer performance just to up a bit before I really kick that into gear .
Are there plans to take that squad battle league and move it over to H1Z1 Battle Royale , or is it simply too early in the game 's life for that ?
I think it 's definitely a possibility . It 's something that we discussed very briefly here , but at the moment were just focused on getting the game mode in H1Z1 really working well and having it at that state where people are really happy to play it .
H1Z1
How similar or different is the mode going to be in H1Z1 compared to the mod ?
For me , I 've got the opinion of “ if it ai n't broke , do n't try to fix it. ” We 're trying to carry over essentially everything we have in the Arma 3 version into the H1Z1 version . The main difference is the toxic fog we have . In Arma 3 , we do n't have the ability to create a wall of fog , essentially , and it was always an idea I had that we had some kind of physical presence that would close the zone in . We have now this toxic wall of fog that basically closes in the zones over time . Apart from that , we have our care packages , we have our bomb runs , we will have our bombing areas on the map as well , or the red zones as we call them . We 're really trying to keep it as similar as we can .
We will be introducing a hardcore mode with zombies . The initial version of Battle Royale ... has to be looked at as 'early access Battle Royale ' because it 's working , but we still have to put in some work to get it to where I 'm happy with it . Because , again , we only started doing this just before Christmas . That 's when I got the call from SOE , so it 's been quite a hectic month . But we 're trying to keep it as similar as possible because I feel what we have already works , so why mess with it ?
How did SOE approach you about licensing Battle Royale ?
I was watching [ a stream ] —they did a big team meeting there before Christmas and I think it was John [ Smedley ] that said “ I really like what the Battle Royale guys are doing ” and stuff like that , and I thought , “ Oh , that 's cool . Name checking me , that 's great. ” Then , the next day they were talking about the event servers having Battle Royale and I was thinking “ OK , maybe I should try charging them for using my name. ” [ Laughs . ]
About two days later , I got a DM from John saying , “ We should talk . I 'm John Smedley , President of SOE , ” and I did n't sleep for about two days . So then he just rang me and we talked and he said he 'd love to license my idea to put into H1Z1 , which blew me away because it could have been so easy for them to do their own version and not even contact me . I 'm eternally grateful to them for that .
I 've been doing this for nearly two years now and I do n't get paid out of it , but I do because I love doing it .
Why do you think they did n't ? As you said , although the concept of last man standing was missing from Day Z , it 's by no means a unique idea .
You know , I 'm still to this day wondering that . I 'm thankful they did n't . I think they want to do the right thing . I think if they went ahead and just did their own Battle Royale—you know , they could have done it , but really I think they just liked what I did . That 's what John told me , he really liked what I 've done . I worked on Battle Royale essentially for no pay for about a year and a half . Because of the way Bohemia works with their mods you 're not allowed to earn money , and I do n't really like pushing for donations all that much . So I 've been doing this for a year and a half as a project of passion because I really believe what I 'm doing could be something great . So I think they just wanted to do the right thing and after meeting the team here , they 're just such a good group of guys .
We also spoke at SOE about the concept of how well this game mode works as an eSport . Why do you think the Battle Royale format is so tuned for eSports ?
For me , why I first set it up was games like CS : GO and any of the other twitch shooters really rely on you having a very quick trigger finger , and it 's down to pixel perfect accuracy . The older you get , the less you 're able to do that . And as well with games like CS : GO , the map has been around for 15 years . Dust for example , it 's a small map , same with Call of Duty , same with Battlefield . They 're relatively small maps and that does n't really challenge me as a player . So I really wanted to create something that was completely random every time , that tested your abilities as a strategic PvP player . I think that 's something that everyone wants to do , you know ? CS : GO has quite a steep entry curve , whereas Battle Royale , while it does have a steep entry curve , if you 're a good player and a good strategic thinker , you can do quite well . That 's why I made it ... I wanted it to be as random as possible so you never knew what you were getting into .
Would you like to see Battle Royale in H1Z1 become an eSport ? You said you discussed it internally a little bit , but if the community just took it and ran with it , would it be encouraged ?
I think so . I think it 's a good idea . I mean , ultimately at the end of the day , I want to make an eSport out of this . A proper , serious eSport . So if the community are on board with doing that , I think the engine itself is good enough . We get pretty solid frame rates so , you know , why not ?
Arma 3
A renaissance of eSports is happening right now and there 're so many competitors . What do you think is the key thing that Battle Royale needs to tap into to succeed ?
I think the great thing about Battle Royale is—I compare it a lot to a poker type game , because there 's only one winner . Once you get to that final table of ten or nine people at the end , you 've got serious adrenaline pumping . Because the map is different every single time and the ending position is different every single time , it gives you that rush . Not just the first time , but consistently . To make that an eSport and what it would need ? I would have to defer to people who know these things better , you know ? I do n't have a huge amount of experience with eSports . This is something that I could n't really answer all that well , so I wo n't , if that makes sense . [ Laughs . ]
What does Battle Royale being licensed mean for the original mod and that community ?
The greatest thing about the license is that it 's non-exclusive . John [ Smedley ] said to me directly when I asked him , “ Do you want an exclusive license ? ” and he said , “ No , because how would the community grow ? ” I do n't want to just stop at Arma 3 and H1Z1 . When the DayZ game opens for modding , I want to bring it to that . We 've been talking about bringing it to Minecraft . I 've said before , one mod for many games . Ultimately , I 'd like to build my own standalone version , but I think for the moment I 'm quite happy to be a mod in many games . It just makes our community bigger so when we do eventually go for a standalone version , we will have a bunch of support , hopefully .
Do you have any advice for other modders and for people who are trying to do what you 're doing ?
Just keep at it . I would say , do n't try to copy something . You see that someone creates one thing , and then there 's about ten different copies of it . If you 've got an original idea—there 's an article that I only read recently which is the ten rules for creating a good video game , and everyone who 's thinking of getting into modding should read it because it tells you what you should have in your game . If you think you 've got a good idea , just go and do it . As I said , I 've been doing this for nearly two years now and I do n't get paid out of it , but I do because I love doing it . And if you love doing it , just keep doing it . Do n't be worrying about who plays your game , just make a good game .
Man fined $ 300 after dropping bag of cocaine on Darwin casino gambling table
Updated
A man who accidentally dropped a bag of cocaine on a Darwin casino betting table and then told police it was `` just a few party drugs for tonight '' has been convicted and fined .
In the Darwin Magistrates Court , Reza Passmore pleaded guilty to possessing 0.34 grams of cocaine while gambling at the Skycity Darwin casino earlier this month .
The court heard the small bag or `` baggie '' slipped out of his wallet while he was placing money on a betting table .
He then picked it up off the table , put it in his pocket and continued playing , the court heard .
In the meantime police came to the casino and viewed CCTV footage of the incident .
After watching the footage two officers went onto the betting floor and escorted Passmore to a holding room where he was searched and then arrested .
Officers asked Passmore about the baggie and he said it was `` just a few party drugs for tonight '' .
When asked what sort of party drugs , he said `` You know , just a bit of Charlie — cocaine '' , the court heard .
Passmore was fined $ 300 .
Topics : drug-offences , crime , darwin-0800
First posted
Search the Internet for news stories about public libraries in America and chances are that , sooner or later , the phrase “ on the front lines ” will come up . The war that is being referred to , and that libraries have been quietly waging since the September 11 attacks , is in defense of free speech and privacy—two concepts so fundamental to our democracy , our society , and our Constitution that one ca n't help noting how rarely their importance has been mentioned during the current election cycle . In fact quite the opposite has been true : Donald Trump has encouraged the muzzling of reporters and the suppression of political protest , while arguing that government agencies are n't doing enough spying on private citizens , especially Muslims . Hillary Clinton has failed to be specific about what she would do to limit surveillance , while her running mate , Tim Kaine , has promised to expand “ intelligence gathering. ” Meanwhile , public libraries continue to be threatened by government surveillance—and even police interference .
In the most recent such incident , a librarian in Kansas City , Missouri was arrested simply for standing up for a library patron 's free speech rights at a public event featuring a former US diplomat . Both the librarian and the patron face criminal charges . The incident took place last May , but went largely unnoticed until several advocacy groups called attention to the situation at the end of September . In cooperation with the Truman Presidential Library and the Jewish Community Foundation of Greater Kansas City , the Kansas City Public Library had invited Dennis Ross—a former advisor on the Middle East to Presidents George H.W . Bush and Barack Obama , and to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and currently a distinguished fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy—to speak about Truman and Israel at its Plaza Branch . The library hosts between twelve and twenty speakers each month , and though some of the topics and speakers have been controversial , the events have always been peaceful .
As a matter of policy , the library declines to hire outside security guards . But because of a recent , traumatic event in Kansas City—in April 2014 a lone gunman attacked the Jewish Community Center and a Jewish retirement home , killing three people—the library administration agreed that three local off-duty policemen and Blair Hawkins , a former Seattle police officer now serving as Head of Security for the Jewish Community Foundation , could be present . According to the library , as part of the agreement nobody was to be prevented from asking a controversial question and the security team would consult with library officials before ejecting any nonviolent patrons . At the Dennis Ross event , audience members had their bags searched as they entered the library .
During the question-and-answer session after Ross 's address , a local writer and activist named Jeremy Rothe-Kushel asked about US support for what he called Israel 's “ state-sponsored terrorism. ” Ross answered , and when Rothe-Kushel followed up with a more aggressive question , Hawkins and one of the other guards approached him and immediately tried to eject him from the building—despite the fact that Rothe-Kushel posed no danger to the speaker or audience members . One of the guards , Brent Parsons , shouted—incorrectly—that Rothe-Kushel was at a private event . Later Parsons added , “ This is private property. ” It is revealing that a policeman should have imagined , even in a heated moment , that a public library was private property .
As the guards grabbed Rothe-Kushel , Steve Woolfolk , the library 's director of programming , who had been watching from off stage , interceded on Rothe-Kushel 's behalf and defended his right to remain in a public building and ask questions at a public forum ; in a cell phone video , Rothe-Kushel can be heard saying , “ Ask me to leave [ and ] I will leave. ” The guards led Woolfolk and Rothe-Kushel through the green room toward the lobby . As Woolfolk rounded a pillar , several of the guards grabbed Woolfolk from behind . Woolfolk was kicked in the leg ( resulting in a torn knee ligament ) , slammed against the pillar , and thrown into a chair . When he bounced out of the chair onto the floor , the guards forced him back into the chair , and handcuffed him . Both men were arrested by a uniformed police officer who had been summoned by Hawkins . Rothe-Kushel was charged with trespassing and resisting arrest , and Woolfolk with interfering with an arrest . Meanwhile , in the auditorium , the program continued ; Ross answered a few more questions .
Since May , the cases against both men have been pending . Cellphone and security videos corroborate Rothe-Kushel 's and Woolfolk 's version of events . Whether or not one agrees with the implications of Rothe-Kushel 's question , he posed no physical threat to either Ross or the audience , and was simply trying to speak . Woolfolk remained reasonable and polite . The guards ' rapid recourse to shouting and to physical violence to detain Rothe-Kushel and Woolfolk did not seem to have a basis other than that the guards were nervous in the presence of a former top US official and that Rothe-Kushel was a local activist who was well-known for asking confrontational questions at public events . On entering the library , Rothe-Kushel had been identified by Hawkins and subjected to a more thorough search than had the other patrons . The off-duty police acting as guards seem to have been confused about the exact nature of their duties—and about where they were .
The arrests went unmentioned in the national press , in part because of the library officials ' hope that the incident—which Library Director Crosby Kemper III has described as an “ overreaction ” —would simply blow over and the charges against Woolfolk and Rothe-Kushel dropped . The case gained new attention , however , in late September , when the library drew support from the American Library Association and the Bill of Rights Defense Committee . ( Over the years the American Library Association 's position has been that freedom of speech—and our right to information—is absolute and indivisible , regardless of the nature of that speech and the content of that information . In 2003 , the ALA went to the Supreme Court in an unsuccessful attempt to reverse the Children 's Internet Protection Act , which requires that publically funded libraries install filters to screen out material that might be considered obscene or unsuitable for children . ) On October 5 , the Forward published an article criticizing the security guards ' behavior , and this week , a local newspaper , The Pitch , has raised questions about the off-duty police officers involved in the case .
For a while , library officials hoped that an accord might be reached between the library and the prosecutor 's office ; if the defendants agree to refrain from filing a civil suit , the charges against them will most likely be dropped . But the prosecutor 's office has announced that it ( in co-operation with Hawkins 's employer , the Jewish Community Foundation ) will go forward with the cases against the both the librarian and the patron .
Whatever the outcome , the case adds to a growing history of attacks on libraries—simply for upholding the bedrock values that have historically made them so important . Originally passed in 2001 and since reauthorized and amended , the USA PATRIOT Act—in particular its section 215—has given the FBI the power to request library borrowing records , patron lists , computer hard drives and Internet logs . In a speech in 2003 , then Attorney General John Ashcroft claimed that the understandably concerned librarians were suffering from a “ baseless hysteria , ” repeating the word “ hysteria ” several times .
Two years later a group of Connecticut librarians ( who came to be known as ” the Connecticut Four ” ) resisted a government request to turn over the names and online activity of everyone who had used a certain library computer ; the librarians were served with a gag order forbidding them to discuss the case . After their situation attracted the attention of the ACLU , the gag order was rescinded by the FBI in 2006 ; the following year , the Connecticut Four received the Paul Howard Award for Courage .
In 2005 , Joan Airoldi , a librarian in rural Washington State , received the PEN/Newman 's Own First Amendment Award for defying an FBI demand for a list of patrons who had borrowed a biography of Osama bin Laden . And just two weeks ago , four off-duty policemen from the Grandview Police Department ( working part-time as security guards at another Kansas City library , the Mid-Continent Library ) objected to that library 's decision to put up a display case entitled “ Black Lives Matter— Books About African American Experiences ” and featuring novels by Toni Morrison and others . Even after the library agreed to adjust the exhibit sign 's language to read “ Books about Black Lives—The African American Experience , ” two of the four officers resigned in protest .
Part of what 's disturbing about both Kansas City incidents is the extent to which they illustrate the gap that has opened between police and the communities in which they work—a divide that , with horrifying regularity , produces far more disastrous and violent results in our inner cities . In fact , public libraries are among the very few remaining places where all Americans can meet to exchange ideas and listen to opposing viewpoints for free .
According to the Libraries for Real Life Project , an organization founded within Wisconsin 's South Central Library System , 68 percent of Americans have library cards . Americans borrow more than two billion items from libraries every year . Anyone can go to a public library ( again , for free ) to learn computer skills and apply for jobs . Immigrants can receive help in obtaining green cards and passing citizenship tests , and can learn and practice English . Senior citizens can find out how to take advantage of their social security benefits , and children can attend story hours and early-reading classes . And at least partly because of their own experience with government surveillance , libraries all over the country have begun to conduct workshops designed to teach patrons how to protect their privacy online .
I spent some of the happiest times of my childhood in Brooklyn 's Grand Army Plaza Library , which now , like many libraries , has expanded its services in response to the needs of the communities it serves . Along with eleven other Brooklyn libraries , it has created rooms in which the families of prisoners ( especially those who can not afford to visit their incarcerated relatives ) can chat with them via video conferencing ; in the same rooms with the monitors and cameras are children 's books , and during these “ televisits , ” prisoners are encouraged to read books with their kids . On October 29 , again at the Grand Army Plaza library , a group of actors will perform a little known and especially violent Euripides play , The Madness of Hercules , and use it as the jumping-off point for a discussion of gun violence ; the audience of several hundred will include local schoolchildren and members of the New York City police department .
The right to read , to think , to discuss and listen to ideas in a public forum is essential to an open society , as is our individual privacy . One hopes that the Kansas City case—only the most recent of many—will be resolved without further cost , trouble and damage , and that librarians there and everywhere will be able to do their jobs without taking on the added burden of battling for our freedom .
As much of the U.S. struggled with the legacy of slavery in the decades after the Civil War , Riverside was a place of comparative freedom – if not complete racial equality .
That 's the thesis behind an exhibit now on display at Riverside City College that runs through Sunday , Aug. 21 .
“ Westward to Canaan : The Rise of Riverside 's African American Community 1880-1980 ” is one of the first public efforts sponsored by a new area civil rights organization .
With pieces of clothing , household objects and photos , the exhibit tells the story of the city 's earliest black residents and the community 's achievements over the next century .
The nonprofit Civil Rights Institute of Inland Southern California sponsored the exhibit at RCC 's Quad Art Gallery . The group formed in 2013 to complement the work of the Riverside African American Historical Society , which records and preserves the history of the area 's black community , said Rose Mayes , the institute 's vice president .
The institute 's most ambitious plan is a $ 38 million project to replace the Mission Inn Avenue office of the Fair Housing Council of Riverside County with a five-story building that would include affordable apartments , space for meetings and exhibits , and offices for the institute and housing council .
The institute will provide a place to discuss civil rights issues such as voting and the Black Lives Matter movement , Mayes said . The apartments will give seniors , single parents and others with limited income a chance to live downtown , where most planned housing is upscale , she said .
The RCC exhibit outlines the lives of Riverside 's early African American residents , many of whom arrived from the deep South in two waves of migration in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , exhibit co-curator Vince Moses said .
Some came after hearing about the freedom and opportunities in Riverside , which seemed like the Biblical promised land of Canaan , Moses said .
Riverside and other citrus belt communities were founded by middle class whites from the North , who were more likely to oppose slavery and make room in the community for African American settlers , Moses said .
“ You could not only get a job , you could start a business here , you could own property here as an African American , ” he said . “ Those were big incentives ( to relocate ) . ”
The exhibit spotlights the city 's first black police officer , renowned caddies who were also successful golfers , and a firefighter who developed a hose coupling that became the industry standard .
Mayes said she hopes young people will see the exhibit and know that though the city 's black residents were once kept out of white schools , restaurants and other places , “ There were people doing things even when it was not popular . We were still able to overcome . ”
Contact the writer : 951-368-9461 or arobinson @ scng.com
Human testes are masters of mass production , spitting out sperm at a rate of 200 million per day . But that does n't mean the process is fast–it takes 64 days to make a sperm . The organ keeps the count high with an assembly-line anatomy that scales up sperm development from a trickle to a flood .
About 300 bundles of seminiferous tubules lurk beneath the fibrous wall of a testis . Each bundle contains one to three tubules , each ranging in length from one to three feet long . The tubules are hollow , with a distinct wall surrounding an open lumen . Most of the sperm development action happens at the wall .
Advertisement
The wall of the tubule is made up of two types of cells : spermatogonia and Sertoli cells . Spermatogonia are germ cells : the mother cells that give rise to every sperm . They huddle against the outer edge of the wall , surrounded by the Sertoli cells that nurse them . Sertoli cells are also anchored at the outer edge of the wall , but where spermatogonia huddle , Sertoli cells stretch through the tubule wall and stick out into its lumen .
When a spermatogonium starts down the road to becoming sperm , it starts dividing and splits up its chromosome pairs , becoming first two spermatocytes and then four spermatids . As it divides , adjacent Sertoli cells surround each set of daughter cells and move them , like a biological conveyor belt , toward the center of the tubule . All the while , the Sertoli cells secrete proteins to nourish the developing sperm and push them toward maturation .
The Sertoli cells ' job is n't done when the spermatids reach the edge of the lumen . As the spermatids mature into sperm , condensing their chromosomes and growing the tails they 'll use to swim , they also jettison most of their cytoplasm and other cell organelles in a quest to become small and speedy . Sertoli cells play housekeeper , absorbing all the goo the spermatids toss off .
Advertisement
When you look closely at the inside of a seminiferous tubule , you can see the sperm assembly line in action . Between every pair of Sertoli cells , all along each tubule , developing spermatocytes are stacked from the edge of the wall to the start of the lumen . And millions of spermatids getting ready to move on their own wait at the very end of the line .
[ van Tienhoven 1983 | Silverthorn 2013 ]
Top image GreenFlames09 via Flickr | CC BY 2.0
Contact the author at diane @ io9.com .
So apparently not a soul in New Jersey is currently in the market for a shore house swathed in the scent of Bain de Soleil , moscato , and Joe Giudice 's sweat and failure . I know…I 'm as shocked as y'all are . However , we 'll just chalk it up to yet another financial scar on the credit report of the Real Housewives of New Jersey 's Juiciest duo .
With the table-flipping , Italian-cooking , Fabellini-swilling Teresa Giudice behind bars for fraud–and Joe entering the clink once his wife serves her sentence–those owed copious amounts of cash thanks to the reality pair 's shady dealings are trying to recoup what little of their investments are left . Most recently , the beach house the Giudice clan called their weekend getaway was part of a foreclosure sale . Who was lucky enough to score the keys to such a special piece of reality television history ? Welp… .
CLICK THE CONTINUE READING BUTTON FOR MORE !
According to TMZ , not a single person ( or entity ) made an offer on the infamous Giudice dwelling . The house , which was one of several properties auctioned yesterday to recover at least a portion of the mortgage granted to the bank , did n't garner any bids .
I 'm sure there is a part of Teresa that is glad she was n't able to attend . Who wants to see their Manahawkin cottage shunned by the masses…especially when a buyer could potentially scoop it up for much less than the couple originally paid ( or did n't pay as the case may be ) ?
Alas , no one gave the home a pity proffer , even with an opening bid of $ 100 . Of course , $ 100 would 've have just been the start . If someone had won the home by pledging such a small amount , he or she would still be on the hook for the $ 348,000.00 owed to the lender , HBSC . Teresa and Joe originally had the property listed for $ 315,000.00 . The property is now bank owned with HBSC beginning the foreclosure proceedings . Heck , I 'm surprised Bunim/Murray did n't swoop in for the rescue . Can you imagine how amazing the Giudice 's beach home would be to house the next generation of the Jersey Shore ?
TELL US – ARE YOU SURPRISED NO ONE BID ON THE GIUDICE MANSION ?
[ Photo Credit : Instagram ]
Read Our Comment Policy
Do you want to see more independent reporting from Parliament ? Please chip in now to keep rabble.ca on the Hill !
The Harper government 's attack on `` progressive '' charities began as an effort to defend the Keystone XL pipeline proposal ( and the oil sands , more generally ) .
In 2012 , Joe Oliver , who was then Natural Resources Minister , wrote an open letter attacking environmental organizations opposed to the pipeline . He said they wanted to turn Canada into a `` vast national park . ''
To nail home his point , the Minister added the accusation that some of those organizations were funded by foreign `` billionaire socialists . ''
Conservative Senator Nicole Eaton picked up the ball and initiated a Senate 'inquiry ' into the foreign connections of Canadian environmental groups .
Then , not long afterward , the supposedly non-political Canada Revenue Agency ( CRA ) got into the act . The government gave the CRA special funds to investigate organizations with tax-free charitable status , with a view to assuring that they do not devote more than the legal limit of 10 per cent to advocacy activities .
Perhaps not surprisingly , virtually all of the organizations investigated , from the Suzuki Foundation to the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives , have been on the `` progressive '' side of the political fence .
There are plenty of charitable entities on the right -- from the Fraser Institute to the Canadian Constitution Foundation . None , as far as anyone can tell , have attracted the intense interest of the CRA .
The Broadbent Institute has just issued a study of 10 of these right-leaning charities , which found , amazingly , that all claim they devote zero per cent of their resources to political activity . Not one penny ; not one day .
The folks at Broadbent then looked at the published work of these organizations and found multiple examples of what looks a lot like political advocacy . As the old saying goes : If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ...
Here is one example the Broadbent study uncovered , from the Canadian Constitution Foundation , whose stated mandate is `` to protect the constitutional freedoms of Canadians through education , communication and litigation '' :
`` Canada 's Constitution guarantees citizens the right to security of the person . Crown attorneys need to recognize that historically and empirically , security sometimes necessitates the right to armed self-defence . ''
There are many more examples that you can find in the Broadbent Institute report .
Not all of them are quite as outrageous as the claim that what we need in Canada is an American-style right to bear arms ( which has worked out really well for our neighbours south of the border , has n't it ? ) . But many of the examples the study cites do suggest that these organizations do not merely do good work or neutral research . They also advocate in favour of private sector , family or extractive industry-friendly policies .
There is nothing wrong with that . Progressive organizations engage in similar advocacy for the environment , the poor and for public sector solutions .
What is wrong is that one kind of group gets investigated while the other does not .
In question period on Tuesday , the NDP 's Guy Caron and Murray Rankin asked Revenue Minister Kerry-Lynne Finlay about this apparently unequal treatment . Rankin put it this way :
`` We have seen the Conservatives go after environmentalists , human rights groups , international development groups and yes , even bird-watchers -- pretty well anyone who may disagree with them . However , a new report suggests that right-wing charities get a different ride . Annual filings from 10 right-wing charities showed no political activities on their part ; none , in spite of the fact that their websites are full of advocacy . Can the minister explain this double standard ? ''
In response , Finlay directly quoted the official who oversees the CRA 's charities directorate : `` The process for identifying which charities will be audited for any reason is handled by the directorate itself and is not subject to political direction . ''
She then went on to try to scold her NDP critic , saying : `` It is shameful that this member and his party are using their own political agenda over the backs of hard-working public ... '' It seems she had run over her allotted time at this point , however , and the Speaker cut her off .
It is understandable that senior CRA officials should vigorously defend the agency against the charge of political interference .
And , factually , the statement by the charities directorate boss may be entirely accurate . It is entirely plausible that the CRA has received no direct instructions from the Harper government .
What is more likely is that at least some of the CRA folks who do the auditing have internalized the worldview of the current government -- a view that sees caring about poverty as , somehow , ideological , and supporting the interests of private business as entirely neutral and non-political .
That may be even scarier than the notion of direct interference from the governing party .
Two Northern Mindanao athletes also win individual awards : Julrey Morales for best pitcher and Kim Adam for the most number of stolen bases
Published 3:07 PM , April 28 , 2017
ANTIQUE , Philippines – Region X completed its winning streak as they clinched the gold medal of the elementary boys baseball at the Camp Fullon Field on Friday , April 28 .
Upsetting Region III during the elimination round 2-0 , Northern Mindanao came face-to-face with the Central Luzon Regional Athletic Association ( CLRAA ) once again for the title , overpowering the Luzon-based athletes with a score of 16-6 .
During the event 's awarding ceremony , Northern Mindanao was awarded as the winner with Central Luzon as first runner-up and the Western Visayas Regional Athletic Association ( WVRAA ) as second runner-up .
Two Northern Mindanao athletes won individual awards , namely : Julrey Morales for best pitcher and Kim Adam for the most number of stolen bases .
On the other hand , silver medalist CLRAA bagged 3 individual awards : most number of runs batted and number of homeruns were grabbed by Mark Reyes Toribio while the best pitcher with the most number of struck out batters was clinched by Harly Quiben .
Before reaching the finals , Region 10 first defeated Eastern Visayas Regional Athletic Association ( EVRAA ) , Region I , and CLRAA for the eliminations with a score of 4-0 , 2-0 , and 2-0 respectively .
For the cross-over , Mimaropa fell with a tremendous score of 11-1 in favor of Region 10 before defeating Calabarzon during the semi-finals with a score of 8-3 . – Rappler.com
READ : Palarong Pambansa 2017 stories by campus journalists
To be part of the European Union means you have to shed your national identity and be part of everybody . It is no longer acceptable to be yourself . This agenda serves the 1 percent and Washington , Paul Craig Roberts , an American economist , told RT in an interview .
Billionaire financier and philanthropist George Soros has attracted attention once again , this time saying the European Union should take `` at least a million '' refugees every year to ease the mass exodus of desperate people from the Middle East and Africa .
Soros wants the EU to dig deep and pay an annual amount of `` at least €5,000 per refugee , or €20 billion . '' And this coming at a time of severe austerity measures pushed onto the European people , not to mention the bailout of entire countries , like Greece .
The Lonely Chancellor : Merkel Under Fire as Refugee Crisis Worsens https : //t.co/ZqV8ScWwzQ — Spy Dialer ( @ SpyDialer ) November 2 , 2015
Thus , it 's little wonder that Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban says philanthropists like Soros must assume part of the blame for the current crisis .
`` This invasion is driven , on the one hand , by people smugglers , and on the other hand by those activists who support everything that weakens the nation state , '' Orban told reporters . `` This Western mindset and this activist network is perhaps best represented by George Soros . ''
Soros responded by issuing an email statement to Bloomberg Business , claiming his international organization works to “ uphold European values ” , while Mr. Orban 's efforts to fortify the Hungarian border thereby halting a massive wave of illegal migrants “ undermine those values . ”
“ His plan treats the protection of national borders as the objective and the refugees as an obstacle , ” Soros added . “ Our plan treats the protection of refugees as the objective and national borders as the obstacle . ”
READ MORE : Hungarian PM blames Soros for fueling refugee crisis in Europe
Paul Craig Roberts offers his own interpretation as to what has precipitated this crisis of epic proportions as millions of foreigners now descend en masse on European communities , many of which are totally unprepared for the influx of foreigners .
It is “ Washington 's wars , ” not George Soros per se , that are forcing the refugees to flee their homelands and seek to enter Europe , Roberts believes .
“ Since the Clinton regime , we 've had three two-term American presidents who have been at war , ” he said . “ They have created millions of displaced people and they are now seeking refuge in Europe . ”
Roberts also asks whether Soros ' advice regarding Europe absorbing millions of refugees is based on something other than just humanitarian considerations .
“ We have to first ask the question whether Soros ' progressive causes are real or merely a cover for rule by the 1 percent , ” Roberts said . “ You see , when political boundaries are broken down the result is a power vacuum to which Washington and the 1 percent can move in their pawns . ”
One consequence of Washington 's wars over the course of three presidencies has been to “ destroy stable countries and leave in their place disorganized , small fiefdoms that war on one another , ” Roberts said .
“ What Soros means is : ‘ European values ' means you lost your national identity and you become a hodgepodge of different cultures and different nationalities and your traditional historical existence is dissolved in this pot of diverse peoples . ”
Migrants & refugees sue Berlin 's main refugee center for delays to welfare handouts http : //t.co/uXEPqpEfJOpic.twitter.com/fbri4tcGHq — RT ( @ RT_com ) October 15 , 2015
Roberts applauds Hungarian Prime Minister [ Viktor Orban ] , saying he is “ exactly correct that this is a threat to the existence of European peoples because they become dissolved in a so-called diverse society of different people , different religions , different cultures , different values . ”
But for those individuals - like George Soros - who comprise the 1 percent of the global elite , their goal is to redefine what it means to be a European .
“ George Soros is in effect saying : ‘ We are redefining Europe . Europe no longer consists of Hungarians , British , French , Germans and Greeks , etc . It now consists of everybody . And all of you historical people to be European means you have to be part of everybody . You can no longer be yourselves . ' That 's the message . ”
Refugee rhetoric reminiscent of pre-Holocaust sentiment – UN human rights chief http : //t.co/BWeB1Qaiohpic.twitter.com/Bdi98Gp4Zw — RT ( @ RT_com ) October 15 , 2015
Yet there is little resistance to the agenda because Europeans have heard the same message repeated so many times they have been “ brainwashed , ” which then makes it “ easy for their so-called leaders to open the borders and accept all of these refugees that Washington 's wars have created . ”
Roberts also makes a dramatic claim , saying that every country that joined the European Union has committed “ an act of national suicide . ”
“ It seems to me that of all the leaders of Eastern and Western Europe , the Hungarian prime minister is the only one that has any sense . He says : ‘ We 're not going to commit suicide . ' If Germany wants to commit suicide , fine . If they want to follow Merkel into suicide , let them . But not us . ”
Hungary 's PM accuses George Soros of undermining European nations on refugees https : //t.co/FfRIHODV4wpic.twitter.com/37Ba6hvKlb — Bloomberg Business ( @ business ) October 30 , 2015
Roberts then turns his attention to Ukraine and the political strife that has rocked the nation , arguing that that non-government organizations were busy behind the scenes destabilizing the country so as to prop up a Western-friendly puppet leadership .
Indeed , Western non-government organization have been operating freely in Ukraine since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
According to Roberts , it should come as no surprise as to where the funding for such large-scale , operations originates .
“ And all of these non-governmental organizations , they are funded by private donors , such as Soros , they are funded by the Department of State , the National Endowment for Democracy and they all serve as agents of Washington foreign policy . And this is the way that very wealthy individuals like Soros come together with the government . ”
But this is not just an act of aggression against the Ukrainian people , but “ an attack on Russia itself , ” Roberts says .
“ This is an effort to weaken Russia , to threaten Russia , to make Russia back off from its resistance to American hegemony over the world , ” Roberts proclaims .
These behind-the-scenes operations , which work under the cover of lofty-sounding agencies , benefit the United States by “ making it impossible for a European government to exist independently and therefore Washington does not have to worry about European governments – such as Germany – realizing that their own national interests are contrary to American national interests . ”
Ultimately , the work of these philanthropists and non-governmental organizations “ is designed to break apart European national identity in order to prevent any sort of loss of the American empire to independent foreign policies among European countries , ” Roberts says .
“ If you do n't have a country , you ca n't have a foreign policy . What is the foreign policy of Libya [ laughs ] ? What is the foreign policy of Iraq ? What is the foreign policy of Afghanistan ? What is the foreign policy of Somalia ? They have none ; they have no governments . They have no national identities . ”
Special report Voicemail inboxes on two UK mobile networks are wide open to being hacked . An investigation by The Register has found that even after Lord Leveson 's press ethics inquiry , which delved into the practice of phone hacking , some telcos are not implementing even the most basic level of security .
Your humble correspondent has just listened to the private voicemail of a fellow Reg journalist 's phone , accessed the voicemail inbox of a new SIM bought for testing purposes , and the inbox of someone with a SIM issued to police doing anti-terrorist work . I did n't need to use nor guess the login PIN for any of them ; I faced no challenge to authenticate myself .
There was a lot of brouhahas over some newspapers accessing people 's voicemail without permission , but one of the strange things about it all is that at no stage have any fingers been pointed at the mobile phone networks for letting snoops in . And some doors are still open .
It 's believed the infiltrated inboxes merely had default PINs , or passcodes that were far too easy to guess , allowing eavesdroppers to easily drop by . People were urged to change their number codes for their voicemail , but , as we shall see , that advice is useless – you simply do n't need to know a PIN to listen to someone 's messages .
Going down the rabbit hole
The login flaw was discovered during development work I was doing on a virtual mobile phone network that 's aimed at folks who struggle with modern technology : it allows , for example , an elderly subscriber to ring up a call centre and ask to be put through to a friend or relative , rather than flick through a fiddly on-screen contacts book .
In this case , the operator makes the connection between the subscriber and the intended receiver , but the `` calling line identification '' ( CLI ) shown at the receiving end is that of the subscriber and not of the call centre . CLI is the basis of caller ID in the UK , but it 's a bit of a misnomer because it can be changed as required .
I 'd long suspected that miscreants were hacking voicemail by spoofing their CLIs to fool the phone system into thinking it was the handset collecting the messages – but surely that 's too easy ? It is trivial to set an arbitrary CLI when making a call . I had to find out if voicemail systems were vulnerable to spoofing .
I was emboldened by an email from Register reader Sebastian Arcus , who had set up some software for making voice calls over the internet ( VoIP in other words ) using his mobile phone number , and was surprised that he was able to collect his voicemail from his VoIP client without having to hand over an access PIN . I was further goaded in a chat in the pub with a Reg colleague , who bet me I could n't hack his voicemail . I should 've asked for money to back that one up .
How it should work and how it falls apart
If you call your voicemail service from a handset linked to the account , you go through to your message inbox without the need to enter a PIN , presumably as a convenience . Use any other phone and you are asked for a PIN access code . If there is no PIN set , you do n't get to the voicemail . So far , so good .
The special sauce here is how does the mobile phone network know which phone you are calling from ? The easy way is to look at the CLI sent when establishing a call .
Unfortunately , as our reader found out , this caller identification is n't at all secure and can be spoofed , so we looked at Three , EE ( and Orange ) , O2 and Vodafone .
When OMB director Mick Mulvaney unveiled the new Trump budget , he used language that is so important — although we have n't heard it in so many years .
To paraphrase Mulvaney , the measure of budget success for the Trump administration is not how much federal assistance is given out , but how many people leave government dependency and join the private labor force as full-fledged workers .
The last time I heard a talk like this was over 20 years ago when President Bill Clinton teamed with Speaker Newt Gingrich to pass welfare reform . They argued that tighter eligibility , time limits , work-search mandates , and better training programs would move people from welfare to workfare .
Critics said wait , no — tougher welfare requirements will throw millions onto the streets with no federal assistance . Turns out they were wrong . Millions moved into the labor force to work productively , grow the economy , and provide themselves with new self-esteem and happiness .
This point on happiness is one of my favorites . I learned it from AEI president Arthur Brooks , who has done a number of quantitative surveys that clearly show how people who work for a living are far happier than those who depend on government assistance .
So now , over 20 years later , Mick Mulvaney is talking workfare over welfare . And , of course , the left-wing screaming has begun .
But something must be done . Almost eight years after the recession trough , government benefits for welfare , food stamps ( 44 million people receive food-stamp benefits today , compared with 14 million in December 2007 ) , Medicaid , and Social Security Disability Insurance are still exploding .
So by tightening eligibility and putting back time limits and various work requirements , millions will return to the labor force , just as they did in the mid-1990s .
University of Chicago economics professor Casey Mulligan calls this the redistribution recession . That is , the best of government intentions have actually backfired by reducing incentives to work and earn .
The expansion of food stamps , welfare , health-insurance subsidies , unemployment assistance , and disability assistance have led to unintended consequences and perverse after-tax incentives , such that it pays more to stay on assistance then to go to work . At the working-poor margin , taking a job may rob you of Obamacare subsidies . So better off not to work .
A couple of years ago , Mulligan estimated that the marginal tax rate — the extra taxes paid and subsidies foregone as the result of working — had increased from 40 percent to 48 percent . Progressives hate this viewpoint . But Mulligan summed it up this way : “ Helping people is valuable but not free . The more you help low-income people , the more low-income people you have . The more you help unemployed people , the more unemployed people you 'll have . ”
The Left is also up in arms because Trump is “ slashing ” the budget . He 's taking food out of the mouths of babes ! Killing people for lack of health insurance ! Throwing granny in the wheelchair off the side of the cliff !
But here 's a big-picture point : In most cases , the new budget merely slows the rate of spending growth .
Manhattan Institute economist Diana Furchtgott-Roth argues that what the media calls “ cuts ” are really increases . She 's right . The so-called current-services baseline goes up every year at 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 percent or more . So any reduction in the rate of increase is not a cut from last year 's spending level .
The Trump budget proposes to raise government spending from $ 4 trillion today to $ 5.7 trillion in 2027 . That 's not a cut . Furchtgott-Roth points out that the new budget proposes to increase federal Medicaid spending from $ 378 billion today to $ 524 billion in 2027 . That ai n't a cut either . It 's an increase .
Furchtgott-Roth also notes that America has over 90 anti-poverty programs , 17 food-aid programs , and 22 housing-assistance programs . You think this has been a success ? I do n't .
Adding up each and every new year between now and 2027 , the federal government will spend about $ 55 trillion . Do we think that 's enough ? And the Trump budget would curb that by about 7 percent , or roughly $ 4 trillion . That 's all that 's happening .
So Mick Mulvaney is right . This is a growth budget . Not because it destroys all federal assistance . But because it will reinstitute reforms put in place by Democrat Bill Clinton that will restore incentives to work and remove incentives to not work .
When people re-enter the labor force , it promotes growth . Workfare is better than welfare . And President Trump also aims for a big-bang growth booster with a cut in business tax rates for large and small companies along with immediate expensing and repatriation .
President is a mighty hard job . Even if he drains the swamp by just a wee bit , President Trump will still shake up the establishment .
And now , another reason to end your cable subscription : More indie movies on-demand . With a name perilously close to our readers ' favorite streaming service , Flix Premiere positions itself as something between Netflix and cable providers ' on-demand services .
Streaming only theatrical dramas , comedies and documentaries -- no episodic shows -- the site does n't offer a subscription . It simply charges $ 4.99 for each film , which is then available to watch for 48 hours . A curated selection of a dozen or so films also screened at various international festivals changes every week , but previous offerings are available on the site for a year .
Current films up on the site include : `` Love Me Do , '' a 2015 film that premiered at London 's Raindance Film Festival in September about a financial advisor who falls for an actor and `` Tula : The Revolt , '' 2013 's Danny-Glover-led drama about an 18th-century slave uprising .
Will you always recognize the titles on Flix Premiere ? Maybe not . Will you enjoy them anyway ? Maybe so .
`` It 's really a theatrical experience , '' Founder and CEO Martin Warner told The Huffington Post , comparing his site to the `` hybrid model '' of Netflix .
`` [ Netflix has ] really done well in TV , but kind of at the detriment of film . So they 've got a lot of non-exclusive titles that you 've seen before , '' Warner said . `` They are of course buying new films , just like we are , but there 's a strong emphasis on TV . And Hulu 's gone the same way . ''
A team of 95 people watch and grade movies for Flix Premiere , but only a dozen of them need to watch any one movie in particular . Those films with the highest scores are scrutinized further ; the company looks at where else they were screened and their reception on social media , among other factors . Currently , 100 films are rolling out , but another 400 are under review .
JERUSALEM—Top-ranking government officials in Jerusalem confirmed Tuesday that Israel would exercise its longstanding , constitutionally granted veto power over American policy if U.S. lawmakers confirmed retired congressman Chuck Hagel as the United States ' next Secretary of Defense . “ In light of Mr. Hagel 's worrying remarks on Israeli-Palestinian relations and questionable classification of Israeli interests as ‘ the Jewish lobby , ' we consider him a highly inappropriate choice for Defense Secretary who stands far out of line with our national priorities , and therefore we are prepared to swiftly and resolutely use our official veto power over this U.S. action , ” said Israeli government spokesperson Mark Regev of the legal maneuver that the small Middle Eastern nation has employed to block U.S . Cabinet nominees , U.S. legislation , U.S. international relations , and U.S. domestic policy over 1,400 times in its 64-year history . “ Because congress does not possess the necessary nine-tenths majority to override an Israeli veto , they 'll have no choice but to head back to the drawing board and provide a Defense Secretary whom we find more suitable. ” Sources confirmed that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had sent the White House a list of three individuals the Israeli leader considered appropriate to head the American military from which U.S. President Barack Obama could choose .
Sometime in the mid-'90s , Wyclef Jean read a magazine that fucked up his day . “ If you read the magazine , it says the girl should 've went solo / The guys should stop rapping , vanish like Menudo , ” he 'd rap on his group the Fugees ' 1996 track “ Zealots. ” Looking at that line right now , with 20 years of distance , there 's so much going on in it . For one thing , Wyclef had to acknowledge something : His group had a standout , and he was n't it . It was clear to anyone with ears that Lauryn Hill was the best rapper in the Fugees , and she also had this incredible weathered , powerful singing voice . And if the group did n't work out , she had options . She 'd already starred in the soap opera As The World Turns and the movie Sister Act 2 , and she was still enrolled at Columbia University when her group was recording The Score . Wyclef and Pras Michel , his fellow Fugee , did n't have any other options . And yet Wyclef still resented the idea that he was somehow expendable . He knew that he wanted to be a pop-music force , and for a time , he was .
Of course , that line turned out to be eerily prophetic , too . The girl would go solo , two years later , recording an album that conquered the world . And then she intentionally vanished , disappearing to have a couple of kids and then to follow some sketchy religious guru . That 's still an ongoing story , even though Hill will occasionally pop up to play the odd festival . It 's not clear that she 'll ever get it completely back together , and she 'll always be remembered as the artist who walked away at the peak of her power . The guys did n't vanish , at least not at first . Pras basically would ; he recorded the fun hit “ Ghetto Superstar , ” starred in the D-movie Turn It Up , and then essentially blinked out of existence . Wyclef would record one pretty good solo album of his own , and for a while , he was an inescapable presence , imposing his loony culture-collision ideas on the world . ( Just one example : He put Kenny Rogers on a song with Pharoahe Monch in 2000 . ) And he still refuses to go away completely . He 'll do anything , no matter how obviously wack , to stay visible . ( Last year , he recorded a song with Avicii and Matisyahu . ) But the world would eventually turn without him . And even Menudo would come back , after a fashion , as the former member Ricky Martin would triumphantly unvanish two and a half years later . But before all these strange stories would play out , that girl and those guys would record one indisputable classic together , a slick and smart and soulful rap blockbuster that would dominate the world and prepare the way for all the pop-minded rap rebels that followed .
Nobody expected The Score to score the way it did . Listening to it now , it 's clear that the Fugees did n't command the same label resources that , say , Biggie Smalls would when he released the sweeping double album Life After Death a year later . Why would they ? Blunted On Reality , the trio 's 1994 debut , had been a failure , both creatively and commercially . It had taken all the ideas flying around in the world of alternative rap — the acoustic guitars and reggae overtones and get-free sentiments — and ground them up into a chunky , heterogenous mess . Their label head could 've justifiably dropped them . Instead — maybe realizing he had something with this girl — he gave them another shot . But the album was still a pretty bare-bones operation . There are no big-name singers or guest-rappers on the album . There are samples — presumably expensive ones — but Wyclef did n't bother to clear most of them , which would lead to a few lawsuits once the album blew up . They recorded the whole thing in Wyclef 's basement studio , and the most prominent guests were Rah Digga and Young Zee , from the group 's Jersey-underground contemporaries the Outsidaz , and Diamond D , the permanently underrated purist rapper/producer .
And yet it does n't sound like a bare-bones operation . The Fugees , along with associate Jerry Wonder , produced almost the entire album themselves , and they 'd found their musical voice by then . They were working from a very specific blueprint : deep neck-snap mid'-90s East Coast boom-bap , the sort of music that could 've been on a Heltah Skeltah album , except cleaned-up and streamlined , with a few of the ancestral pop-music allusions that Puff Daddy was already taking to the bank . Wyclef understood the value of an unlikely sample , and so we end up with a big rap album that jacks Enya and the Flamingoes ' beloved oldie “ I Only Have Eyes For You ” on consecutive tracks . And he 'd learned that Lauryn Hill could be a human hook factory , giving something like the “ Fu-Gee-La ” and “ Ready Or Not ” choruses more powerful deliveries than any guest ever could . The entire album sounds dark and downbeat — perfect for a generation of suburban teenagers weaned on Cypress Hill and Wu-Tang — but the melodies still flowed freely . The skits — Chinese-restaurant comedy bits that seem deeply racist now — are light and playful , not bracing and militant . But the album still opens and closes with a fired-up random ranting about revolution . The Fugees of The Score came off as both funny and important at the same time . Or , per Lauryn , “ Even after all my logic and my theory / I add a ‘ motherfucker ' so you ign'nant niggas hear me . ”
Hill is still on a very short list of women in the “ greatest female rapper of all time ” debate , and that 's almost entirely because of what she does on The Score . ( She barely rapped on Miseducation two years later . ) Listening today , there 's some silliness in her lyrics ; she 's doing the basement-cipher thing , swinging randomly among subjects and references . She 's consuming mango juice under Polaris . Whether Jew or gentile , she ranks top percentile . Her rhymes make incisions in your anatomy . It 's a classic '90s New York trope that has n't aged that well : As long as you include enough thesaurus words in your verses , you 'll sound smart . ( Plenty of rappers are still trying this . ) But this was nothing her bandmates were n't doing ; unlike Pras , Hill at least had the good sense not to rhyme “ Alec Baldwin ” with “ Tracy Chapman. ” She has plenty of timeless gems , too : “ While you imitating Al Capone , I am Nina Simone / And defecating on your microphone. ” And more than anything else , she had presence . Her delivery is melodic even when it 's hard , and there 's always personality to it . Confidence is any rapper 's greatest weapon . Lauryn Hill just radiated it .
Wyclef has never lacked for confidence , either , though he 's always needed an editor to tell him when his ideas were stupid . ( His ideas , in the years since The Score , have usually been stupid . ) Maybe he had that on The Score ; maybe Pras or ( more likely ) Hill was calling him on his bullshit . In any case , this is probably the only Wyclef-associated album that never lapses into “ what if I put this with this goofiness. ” ( Never forget : Wyclef once signed the world 's most buzzed-about rapper and then let him release , as his big single , a song where he 's rapping from the perspective of sperm . ) The Score does have a few cringeworthy moments . It has the bonus track “ Mista Mista , ” an unforgivable hunk of social-consciousness cheese , and it has the acoustic cover of Bob Marley 's “ No Woman No Cry , ” an alt-rock radio hit that reeks of dorm-room pretension . But for the most part , Wyclef was firing on all cylinders here , finding depth and punch in his sample choices and rapping with a sly assurance . There was a real chemistry at work within the group , too . Even Pras was never anyone 's idea of a great rapper , but his voice was thick and wet and heavy , and he worked great in short bursts . Plenty of the lyrics on The Score have n't aged well — “ Connie Chung brung the bomb as it come from Oklahoma ” is pure a pure-gibberish word-salad of then-current cultural references . But the three rappers sounded so cool that nobody lingered on them .
That 's the thing about The Score : Everything just clicked , even when it had no right to click . Consider , for example , the album 's big hit , a cover of Roberta Flack 's “ Killing Me Softly. ” The group had wanted to interpolate the song , to turn it into something else , but the song 's writers , Charles Fox and Norman Gimbel , would n't let them do it . They would , however , let the group record a straight-up cover . Despite its shuffling breakbeat , the Fugees ' version of “ Killing Me Softly ” had no rapping ; it just had Lauryn Hill singing the entire fucking song , investing it with gravity and vulnerability and force . And their version of the song was huge — nearly as big a global smash as Flack 's version had been in 1973 . It was the Fugees ' biggest hit ever , and they fell ass-backwards into it . It would n't last , but for that little window of time , their entire existence was charmed .
And even if the Fugees themselves would n't last , the album would . There had been commercially successful boho-rap before The Score , of course . De La Soul and a Tribe Called Quest had made huge records , and Arrested Development sold a whole pile of their debut album . But The Score came out into an era of absolute gangsta-rap dominance ; 2Pac , after all , released All Eyez On Me on the very same day . And it competed with the things that Dr. Dre and Sean Combs were doing , on their terms . It sold six million albums . It spent a whole month atop the Billboard album charts . It sounded tough and slick and cinematic , just like those albums , and it conquered the brains of an entire generation of teenagers , just like those albums . Someone like Kanye West , who combined pop canniness with socially incisive tendencies in many of the same ways — would 've had a much harder time if the Fugees had n't come along to help set the table .
When people talk about the classic rap albums of the '90s these days , I do n't hear The Score mentioned nearly as much as , say , Illmatic or The Chronic . I get it . The Score has moments of clumsiness that those albums do n't have , and its makers went on to do way more embarrassing things . Also , The Score was so dominant that it seems somehow too obvious ; it 's like repping for Jagged Little Pill as a classic album ( which , for the record , it absolutely is ) . But in terms of reach and impact , there have n't been many albums , in any decade , that could match what The Score did . It resonated . How many albums resonate like that ?
24 Days of GHC Extensions : Thanks !
Wow , another year out ! After 24 days of frantic blogging , Christmas is finally upon us , and I 'd like to take a moment to send a huge thank you to this years guest posters . To recap , the following authors submitted their work to this year 's series :
I feel the guest posts have added a lot of variety to the series , and this year each post has consistently gone above and beyond my expectations , delivering incredibly high quality content . Once again , thank you all for your hard work - 24 Doges would n't be the same without you !
Over the course of the month , we 've looked at just over 20 extensions - but as I mentioned in the opening post , the story certainly does n't stop there . GHC is full of many more interesting extensions - I was hoping to get on to looking at GADTs and data kinds , but alas - there are only so many days in the month . For an example of how these extensions all interact when we write “ real-world ” software , readers may be interested in viewing my recent Skills Matter talk - strongly typed publish/subscribe over websockets via singleton types .
I 've been really happy to see comments this year from people who have learnt about new extensions , seen previous extensions in a different light , or simply formed a deeper understanding of extensions they were already using . While I was a little nervous about the series at the start , I 'm now confident it 's been a great success . A huge thank you to everyone who participated in the discussions - as with 24 Days of Hackage in previous years , I feel the discussion around these posts is just as important .
Finally , a thank you to everyone who donated during the series - these tokens of appreciate are greatly appreciated .
To close 24 Doges , well… a picture speaks a thousand words .
Thanks !
You can contact me via email at ollie @ ocharles.org.uk or tweet to me @ acid2 . I share almost all of my work at GitHub . This post is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License .
BEER company Innis & Gunn yesterday posted a 62 per cent surge in sales after breaking into the lucrative United States craft brewing market .
The Edinburgh-based firm 's products , which are aged in whisky casks , have gone on sale in 20 states during the past year and gained listings at restaurant 's including Gordon Ramsay 's outlet on the Las Vegas strip .
A 178 per cent leap in sales in the US helped the company to turn over a total of £7.5 million in 2011 . Exports now account for 77 per cent of turnover .
Innis & Gunn said that its sales had continued to grow during the current year , with total turnover up 30 per cent year-on-year in the eight months to 31 August .
At home , revenues were boosted by the launch of its original beer on draught in pubs and the addition of its rum cask beer to the main range , having previously been a special edition .
The firm 's beer is ranked as the fourth-highest seller in the UK 's speciality category , behind wheat beer trio Erdinger , Hoegaarden and Leffe .
Finance director David Cockburn told The Scotsman that the firm was continuing to mull a possible push into other European markets and that it was running the rule over countries including France and Spain .
The company already operates in Finland , Norway and Sweden , as well as the UK , Ireland and North America . In Sweden , Innis & Gunn is the second best-selling imported ale , while it is also the top-selling British beer in Canada .
Cockburn remained tight-lipped on the firm 's profits as the business is still small enough to file abbreviated accounts at Companies House . But he said the firm 's surplus cash during 2011 had been ploughed into its recruitment drive , with its headcount swelling from 12 to 32 .
Managing director Dougal Sharp revealed in December that the firm was pumping £1m into its expansion , with the Scottish Government contributing £175,000 through a regional selective assistant grant .
“ Looking back it 's hard to believe that there were only 12 of us rattling round our new office and now we 're close to filling it already , ” said Sharp .
Cockburn revealed that the firm is launching a winter treacle porter as this season 's special edition and that sales had been rising since the relaunch of its Melville fruit beer , which scooped the “ world 's best fruit-flavoured beer ” title at Friday 's World Beer Awards for its strawberry-flavoured brew .
Scottish firms chalked up several successes in the competition , with Arran Brewery collecting the “ world 's best brown ale ” award and Stirling-based Transitional Scottish Ales ' double espresso being named “ world 's best flavoured beer ” . Edinburgh-based Stewart Brewing carried off the “ European best pale ale ” title for its Hollyrood tipple and also the “ European best experimental flavoured beer ” award for its coconut porter .
Innis & Gunn was launched in 2003 as a joint venture with distiller William Grant & Sons to develop a beer to provide casks to finish a “ cask ale reserve ” blended whisky . The beer tasted good enough to drink so a company was formed to bottle and sell the tipple . Sharp led a management buy-out in 2008 .
There are disadvantages to living near bodies of water : high winds and flooding are possibilities ; salt and moisture pose threats to building materials ; and coastal areas need protection from erosion and from pollution caused by stormwater runoff . But the advantages —views , recreational opportunities , fresh air—tend to outweigh the negatives , which can be mitigated with the right architectural and engineering strategies .
Related : NYC Waterfront Boat Tour | Water : Too Much , Too Little | Register for the ULI Fall Meeting
The following ten residential projects—all completed in the past five years—include beachfront dwellings , communities in redeveloped industrial waterfronts and military bases , replacements for public housing damaged by Hurricane Katrina , structures in the shapes of flames and icebergs , and a set of floating houses at the edge of Amsterdam .
Ron Nyren is a freelance architecture , urban design , and real estate writer based in the San Francisco Bay area .
1 . 29–35 Prince Street
Cronulla , New South Wales , Australia
A suburb of Sydney , Cronulla has long been a popular beach destination for the city 's residents . The 12 three-bedroom residences at 29–35 Prince Street replace four 1950s apartment buildings . Sydney-based Candalepas Associates designed the new structure to withstand the salty sea air and take advantage of ocean breezes . Exterior materials—concrete , glass , timber , and bronze—were selected for their durability and weathering properties . Units feature long living rooms with operable windows facing the beach on one side and the street on the other to facilitate cross-ventilation .
The three-story structure itself is configured as a long , low , horizontal form , referencing beach dunes , with two open pathways slicing through it to bring additional light and air into the units and provide entry foyers for four of them . Extensive glazing maximizes beach views . Covered terraces and ground-floor courtyards provide space for outdoor living ; parking is tucked underground . The for-sale residences were completed in 2012 for Rockwell Property Group of Waterloo , New South Wales .
2 . Baku Flame Towers
Baku , Azerbaijan
Near Baku , Azerbaijan 's capital city , is a spot where natural gas seeps from the ground and burns night and day . Reportedly ignited by a shepherd decades ago , it serves as a reminder of the country 's vast fuel reserves and ancient tradition of fire worshipping . In designing a high-density mixed-use development , located in the heart of the city on a hill overlooking Baku Bay , the London office of HOK symbolized Azerbaijan 's status as the “ land of fire ” by creating a trio of towers in the shape of flames .
The tallest , a 39-story residential tower , incorporates 318 apartments with views of the water and the city . A retail podium with shops and entertainment venues connects the tower with its counterparts , one of which houses a hotel and the other office space . All three towers are designed to withstand the strong winds of the Caspian Sea , which can reach 87 miles per hour ( 140 kmh ) . The complex was completed in 2013 for local firm Azinko Development MMC .
3 . Charles David Keeling Apartments
La Jolla , California
Named for the climate scientist whose research first confirmed the increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , Charles David Keeling Apartments is designed to conserve water , manage stormwater runoff , and cut carbon emissions . The University of California , San Diego , undertook the project to replace student housing that was too distant from core academic buildings . Located on a bluff above the coastal cliffs of La Jolla , the 85 single-loaded apartments , designed to house six persons each , are equipped with operable windows and configured to take advantage of ocean breezes instead of relying on mechanical cooling .
Water-conserving measures include water-efficient landscaping and plumbing and on-site wastewater recycling for irrigation of the landscaping and green roof . Bioswales slow and filter stormwater , limit flooding caused by downpours , and reduce erosion of the coastal scrub arroyos , or streams . Exposed concrete , aluminum windows and doors , and fiberglass sunshades and railings were chosen for durability in the salt air . Organized in a C shape around a courtyard , the apartments as well as exterior walkways and roof terrace provide views of the ocean . KieranTimberlake of Philadelphia designed the complex , completed in 2011 .
4 . Foundry Lofts
Washington , D.C .
Over more than 200 years , the Navy Yard along the Anacostia River served as a shipbuilding center , an ordnance plant , and an administrative center for the U.S. Navy . Recently , it has been the center of a 40-acre ( 16 ha ) redevelopment project that includes offices , shops , entertainment venues , and residences . The first structure completed , Foundry Lofts , consists of 177 for-rent flats and lofts in the renovated Pattern and Joiner Shop building , which dates to 1917 .
SK+I Architectural Design Group of Bethesda , Maryland , restored the four-story building 's facade , exposed the concrete frame and reinforced concrete columns , and reconstructed the internal atrium courtyard and two-level garage below . Two new stories have large storefront-style windows providing views of the river and the city skyline . Amenities include a club and theater room , lap pool , and fitness center . The ground floor also incorporates retail space . Forest City Washington was the developer of Foundry Lofts , which opened in 2011 .
5 . Isbjerget Aarhus
Aarhus , Denmark
On the site of an outdated container terminal in Aarhus Harbor , the city of Aarhus has undertaken a major redevelopment to create offices , cultural venues , and housing . Isbjerget Aarhus , named after its iceberg-like forms and colors , consists of 208 for-sale and rental units at the water 's edge . To make the most of daylight—particularly crucial during the Scandinavian winter—the design team configured the complex as nesting L-shaped wings whose angular roofs rise and fall like mountain ranges , the peaks staggered to permit views of the water .
The Copenhagen office of JDS Architects , local firm CEBRA , Amsterdam-based SeARCH , and Paris architect Louis Paillard collaborated on the design . Commercial spaces and two-story townhouses are placed at ground level , and penthouses occupy the buildings ' peaks . For one third of the units , rents are limited to ensure affordability . PensionDanmark of Hillerød , Denmark , was the developer for the project , which was completed in 2013 .
6 . Marco Polo Tower
Hamburg , Germany
The redevelopment of Hamburg 's harbor on the Elbe as HafenCity , a 390-acre ( 157 ha ) mixed-use urban district , is projected to expand the city center by 40 percent by its completion in 2025 . Marco Polo Tower , designed by Behnisch Architekten of Stuttgart , Germany , is the first completed residential component in HafenCity 's Strandkai quarter . Each of the tower 's 17 above-ground levels is rotated a few degrees off the central axis from the level below , with sculptured projecting balconies giving the building a distinctive appearance . Extensive glazing provides each unit with views of the water and the city . The 58 for-sale units range from small two-room dwellings to large penthouses ; all have open-plan interiors .
Because the harbor area is noisy , the master plan for HafenCity requires all residences with operable windows to incorporate acoustic barriers . Marco Polo Tower achieves this with sound-insulated air louvers in the bedrooms , enabling natural ventilation and mitigating the area 's high winds . The project was completed in 2010 for the local joint venture Projektgesellschaft Marco Polo Tower GmbH & Co. KG .
7 . Mirabella at South Waterfront
Portland , Oregon
Not many continuing-care retirement commu­nities provide parking spaces—for kayaks . Mirabella at South Waterfront in Portland has 20 of them , as well as
61 spots for bicycles . Located near footpaths , streetcars , and the Portland Aerial Tram , it also has below-grade parking for 250 cars that uses mechanical lifts to stack vehicles . The 224-unit apartment tower is part of the redevelopment of a 38-acre industrial site along the Willamette River .
The 30-story tower is narrow and curved to reduce its apparent width and minimize its impact on water views from nearby hillside residences . Health care functions are housed in a four-story podium that helps frame a landscaped courtyard , which links visually to an adjacent public park . Sustainable strategies include solar thermal water heating , green roofs , and bioswales . Designed by local firm Ankrom Moisan for Pacific Retirement Services of Medford , Oregon , Mirabella was completed in 2010 .
8 . Officers Field
Portland , Dorset , United Kingdom
At the northern tip of the Isle of Portland in Dorset , a former Royal Navy air station has been converted for office , recreational boating , and community uses . On an oddly shaped , steeply sloping site in the Osprey Quay Development Area , Dorchester-based developer ZeroC brought in London-based architecture firm HTA to design Officers Field , 77 houses organized around a new public square .
The split-level houses incorporate retaining walls and follow the topography of the land to minimize the need for excavation . Ranging from small , terraced houses to semidetached and large detached houses , the residences are arranged to optimize views of the water . Local Portland stone is used throughout for visual cohesion . After completion in 2012 , the developer leased the dwellings to the Olympic Games for use by athletes competing in the London 2012 Olympic sailing events , then refurbished and released them to buyers afterward . New paths connect the village to the surrounding area . Sustainable elements include biomass boilers , bicycle sheds for each house , rainwater harvesting systems , and shared electric vehicles .
9 . Village de Jardin
New Orleans , Louisiana
Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gaslight Quarter Apartments , a public housing project in New Orleans . In its place , Louisiana Housing Corporation of Baton Rouge has built a subsidized housing community for seniors , completed in 2012 . The 224 units come in a range of building types , from single-family houses to apartment buildings . The two tallest apartment buildings , placed to the north to buffer the community from noise from the nearby interstate , flank a large , landscaped common space . A drainage canal running along the southeast edge of the complex was cleaned and is maintained to serve as a visual amenity .
To unify the disparate forms , the New Orleans office of Holly and Smith Architects chose a cohesive material palette of stucco , wood slats , and fiber-cement siding . Deep overhangs , porches , balconies screened by wood slats , and strategic building orientation mitigate solar heat gain . An elevated concrete plinth was necessary to raise the buildings to the current adjusted base flood elevation ; gardens on these plinths enable waist-high gardening for residents .
10 . Waterbuurt West
Amsterdam , the Netherlands
To accommodate more housing in densely populated Amsterdam , the city is creating the neighborhood of IJburg on artificial islands made of sand in IJmeer Lake . Part of the neighborhood , dubbed Waterbuurt , is zoned for floating houses . In the eastern part of the neighborhood , dwellings were individually designed by private commission . For the Waterbuurt West district , local developers Ontwikkelingscombinatie Waterbuurt West and Woningstichting Eigen Haard brought in local architecture firm Architectenbureau Marlies Rohmer to design 75 residences—some floating , some perched on dikes .
For the floating houses , concrete tubs sunk a half story into the water support one , two , or three dwellings each . Jetties provide access , and boardwalks surround each structure . Occupants can choose the orientation of their dwelling and customize it with options such as sunrooms , porches , and terraces . The dwellings include rental and for-sale units for a wide range of incomes . Completed in 2011 , the houses were built at a shipyard and towed into place on the water .
`` We also recognize that there is an opportunity to improve the current process by refining existing guidelines . ''
Ontario and Quebec did not get a say in the final vote on Waukesha 's request , but representatives of the two provinces were involved in preliminary approval granted to Waukesha last month , which said the city 's request could comply with the regional agreement if certain conditions were met .
Those conditions included shrinking the size of the area it would provide with Lake Michigan water and limiting the average amount of water it would draw to 31 million litres a day .
Opponents of Waukesha 's plan warned , however , that the city was likely the first of several communities that would seek to become exceptions to the agreement meant to protect the Great Lakes .
`` It 's frustrating . A lot of time , effort and money has gone into making our Great Lakes beautiful and preserving the water quality , and this is what can happen in a blink of an eye , '' said Mitch Twolan , mayor of Huron-Kinloss , Ont . He is also on the board of directors of the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative , which represents more than 100 local governments on both sides of the border .
The group had urged the Great Lake state governors to reject Waukesha 's application , saying the city 's amended service area was still too large , the return flow of water to Lake Michigan had not been analysed closely enough , and the approval process dealing with Waukesha 's request has not allowed enough public participation .
A Canadian environmental group , which was also among the opponents of Waukesha 's plan , added that the city did not consider treating the radium in its water supply closely enough .
`` Waukesha did not demonstrate clearly that they had assessed that option , '' said Keith Brooks , a spokesman for Environmental Defence . `` If we start drawing more water from the lakes than can be replenished , then the water levels are going to go down . Ultimately , only a very small amount of this is a renewable resource . ''
The Canadian Press
This site is a partial collection of projects I 've worked on , stories I 've written down , and software I 've published .
In the past , I 've worked as a software engineer , hacker , sailor , captain , and shipwright . I used to travel a lot ; I 've hopped freight trains across the US from coast-to-coast a bunch of times , have gotten some really great and some really terrible rides hitchhiking all across America , and have sailed a few near-derelict sailboats as far as I could take them . I currently live in San Francisco .
I like computer security and software development , particularly in the areas of secure protocols , cryptography , privacy , and anonymity . But I also secretly hate technology , am partially horrified with the direction `` geek '' culture has gone , and have little affection for the weird entrepreneur scene that 's currently devouring the Bay Area .
I like sailing , have a Master 's mariner license , and used to do yacht deliveries world-wide . I 'm interested in sailing without engines , and draw great inspiration from the likes of Moitessier , as well as the entire 1968 Golden Globe crew . I 've spent enough time on the water to love the ocean , but also to be constantly terrified of it .
In general , I hope to contribute to a world where we value skills and relationships over careers and money , where we know better than to trust cops or politicians , and where we 're passionate about building and creating things in a self-motivated and self-directed way .
CVE-2018-1000855 in easymon Severe When passing an invalid check name as parameter to the endpoint where the easymon routes are mounted , a 406 response with a body that contains the invalid check name unescaped is returned . Malicious JavaScript can be injected into that invalid name and have it executed in Firefox
Read more → Published ago
CVE-2018-16471 in rack Severe There is a possible vulnerability in Rack . This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2018-16471 . Versions Affected : All . Not affected : None . Fixed Versions : 2.0.6 , 1.6.11 Impact -- -- -- There is a possible XSS vulnerability in Rack . Carefully crafted requests can impact the data returned by the ` scheme ` ...
Read more → Published ago
CVE-2018-16470 in rack Severe There is a possible DoS vulnerability in the multipart parser in Rack . This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2018-16470 . Versions Affected : 2.0.4 , 2.0.5 Not affected : < = 2.0.3 Fixed Versions : 2.0.6 Impact -- -- -- There is a possible DoS vulnerability in the multipart parser in Rack . Carefully crafted ...
Read more → Published ago
CVE-2018-16468 in loofah Moderate In the Loofah gem , through v2.2.2 , unsanitized JavaScript may occur in sanitized output when a crafted SVG element is republished .
Read more → Published ago
A Tui billboard about boy racers has attracted the target of its mocking , with a souped-up car crashing into one of its `` Yeah right '' signs in Auckland .
An amusing photo of the resulting scene is now doing the rounds on one of the police 's Twitter and Facebook accounts .
The photo , credited to Auckland Senior Constable Don Bruce , shows a battered dark grey car underneath the billboard 's caption of `` Vrrrrrrm , PISH ! Vrrrrrrm , PISH ! ''
Last night the photo had drawn more than 100 potential captions from social media users .
One tweeter said : `` Everyone near the T gives way to me , '' referring to the campaign that accompanied the recent change in give way rules .
Another added : `` New Tui sign inadvertently mimics the mating call of Boyus Racerus . ''
On Facebook one man says the photo is an example of Tui billboards being too distracting .
Another user says `` blow off value $ 900 , nice car seats $ 1000 , crashing under a sign mocking your car .... Priceless . ''
Police said there were no serious injuries in the crash but the driver was left with `` driving convictions and a lot of explaining to do '' .
The following is a compendium of Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender , and Queer-related authorized Library of Congress subject headings from the LC Authorities . This list is important to me professionally as a cataloger and librarian , as well as personally as a gay man . The language we use to catalog and classify our literature and media matters , and incorrect or outdated language can create access barriers to those resources , so it is critical that we study and are familiar with these headings .
This compendium is hopefully a step in that direction .
There are 875 unique terms altogether , so rather than present them all on one infinitely scrolling page , I have broken them out into the following fourteen categories :
For this compendium , I chose to focus chiefly on Demographic Group and Genre/Form terms that are related to people and culture of the wider LGBT community . For the sake of brevity , I decided not to include the names of persons , organizations , events , places , and titles—an entire list could be devoted to those headings alone .
The associated metadata is taken from the 150 , 4XX , 5XX , and 667-68X MARC fields . For non-catalogers , below is a key to the numbers . In short , the 4XX fields record subject links to terms that are “ unauthorized ” by Library of Congress — vernacular expressions or old headings that have since been revised , but that still point users to the “ authorized ” headings . Similarly , 5XX terms point users to related “ authorized ” subjects or concepts .
430 : Tracing for a uniform title see from reference .
Tracing for a uniform title see from reference . 450 : Tracing for a topical term see from reference .
Tracing for a topical term see from reference . 550 : Tracing for a topical term see also from reference .
Tracing for a topical term see also from reference . 667 : Note that provides general information about a 1XX heading for which a specialized note field has not been defined .
Note that provides general information about a 1XX heading for which a specialized note field has not been defined . 670 : Citation for a consulted source in which information is found related in some manner to the entity represented by the authority record or related entities . May also include the information found in the source .
Citation for a consulted source in which information is found related in some manner to the entity represented by the authority record or related entities . May also include the information found in the source . 675 : Citation for a consulted source in which no information is found related in any manner to the entity represented by the authority record or related entities .
Citation for a consulted source in which no information is found related in any manner to the entity represented by the authority record or related entities . 680 : Note that provides general information about a 1XX heading for which a specialized note field has not been defined . The note is written in a form adequate for public display .
Note that provides general information about a 1XX heading for which a specialized note field has not been defined . The note is written in a form adequate for public display . 681 : Note that documents the use of the 1XX subject or authorized subdivision heading as an example or reference in fields 260 Complex See Reference , 360 Complex See Also Reference , and/or 680 Public General Note in another authority record .
Advertisements
He has such an ego . That 's probably a defense mechanism . I repressed that memory .
Whether you like it or not , every time you use terms like this you are giving a small nod of approval to the field of psychology known as psychoanalysis . These are terms originating right from Sigmund Freud 's couch , yet most of us only have limited appreciation of what they actually mean .
I 'm not the most balanced when it comes to writing about Freud , or his highly problematic assumption of memory repression , so in order to introduce a bit more balance into my perspective I have partnered up with an expert on psychoanalysis . My co-author for this piece is Bianca Baker , a psychologist who is an expert on Freud and his therapeutic techniques .
Note that the following is a lesson on how these terms were originally intended , so keep in mind that the scientific support for every single one of these terms is highly questionable .
Here is what Bianca has to say about the original meaning of some of the most commonly used Freud-isms that populate your parlance .
1 . You 're so egocentric
The term ego comes from Sigmund Freud 's model of the mind where he defines three structures that work against one another ; the id , ego and superego . The id is responsible for all instinctual impulses , the superego for the societal pressures , and the ego is responsible for maintaining a balance between the two . Originally , Freud used the term ego to refer to a sense of self , so being ego-centric meant being too focused on your sense of self .
2 . Stop being defensive
Freud believed that if the ego allows the id to be more pronounced , then the superego will punish the ego with feelings of guilt , anxiety or fear . Simultaneously , the id will punish the ego for allowing the superego to come through . When this happens the ego will fight off these feelings with defense mechanisms . Freudian defense mechanisms that you may be familiar with are denial , humor , projection , idealizing , intellectualizing , and passive aggression .
3 . You must have repressed that
According to Freud , repression is a type of defense mechanism . It is said to occur when the ego protects the individual from harmful memories by making traumatic memories inaccessible . While we can not directly access them , repressed memories of trauma are thought by people who practice psychoanalysis to be the underlying causes of many mental health problems . This assumption is highly problematic as trauma often does not underlie mental illness , and it is through the process of trying to uncover a repressed memory through regression therapy that therapists may inadvertently implant a false memory in their patients .
4 . I 'm so anal
When someone is categorized as being anal retentive it refers to Freud 's anal psychosexual stage . This is the second stage of a person 's sexual development that takes place between the ages of 18 months and 3 years . In Psychoanalysis , when something prevents development , it is said that the person becomes stuck in that stage . The anal psychosexual stage is meant for potty training . The notion is that if parents are too harsh on their children during potty training , they may develop the need to overly control their surroundings in the future , thus making them ‘ anal ' .
5 . He 's totally neurotic
Freud used the term Neuroses to refer to psychiatric disorders that are the ‘ lesser ' of the disorders . They can include things such as Obsessive Compulsive Disorder ( OCD ) , anxiety , and depression .
6 . You 're being hysterical
Freud believed that Hysteria was a type of neurosis . In the late 1800 's Freud claimed that his clients who had hysteria were all at one point or another sexually abused during their childhood , which made them act hysterical – or overly emotional . We need to be very careful with this assumption , because like with assumptions of repression , assuming that sexual abuse must have happened to an individual can lead to the generation of false memories through leading or suggestive therapy in the attempt to uncover these memories of abuse . In today 's clinical settings hysteria has been largely replaced by Histrionic Personality Disorder , which is also a highly controversial diagnosis .
Next time you use these terms in conversation , realize what they actually mean and remember that scientists consider all of them highly problematic .
A note on Freudian therapies from a psychotherapist
The strength and quality of the client-therapist relationship , called rapport , is an important factor for effective therapy . An important part of rapport is providing an empathic environment , allowing the patient to feel comfortable enough to open up . A psychotherapist or a therapist should allow for a free and judgment-less environment .
The message to take away from this for psychotherapists is to continue offering an empathic environment that facilitates rapport , without using suggestible questions and/or comments . Equally , for those seeking treatment it is important to remember that memories are malleable and therefore to not let the therapist cloud your judgment .
Further , remember that it is the psychotherapist 's job to challenge you , yet also be empathic towards any of your thoughts allowing you an undiscriminating atmosphere that will enable you to work through your concerns .
A note on Freudian therapies from a memory scientist
If done right , even if some of their scientific foundations are shaky , many psychological therapies can help a person in need make positive changes in their life . This includes psychoanalysis and psychodynamic therapy .
Some researchers have even provided evidence that at least for short-term psychological treatment it really does n't matter what kind of therapy you use ( known as the Dodo bird verdict ) , as long as you have rapport with the therapist . That being said , if I were to recommend a particular type of therapy to you , I would send you to Cognitive Behavior Therapy because it has the strongest evidence base .
I encourage you to find the therapy that you like the most , but do always remember to be cautious when assumptions are made about your memories so you do n't get caught in a false memory trap .
Minnesota Vikings tackle Letroy Guion was fined $ 7,875 for his late hit on Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert , reports Tom Pelissero from ESPN . More on the hit after the jump .
Given the size of some of the fines handed out to players like the Pittsburgh Steelers ' James Harrison or the Detroit Lions ' Ndamukong Suh , the league must not have judged Guion 's shot on Gabbert as too severe . The hit came early in the fourth quarter , with Jacksonville down 17-12 . It helped extend a drive that resulted in a Jacksonville field goal . Guion is in his fifth year in the league and his first as Minnesota 's starting nose tackle .
Stick with SB Nation Tampa Bay for more coverage of the Jacksonville Jaguars , or head over to Jaguars blog Big Cat Country for analysis , commentary , and to join in the conversation . SB Nation 's NFL hub has you covered for news from all 32 teams across the league .
A record home attendance at Lockhart Stadium came , in part , to witness the North American debut of Real Madrid legend , Raul Gonzalez .
That experience was cut short due to injury concerns .
The 37-year-old striker was removed from the Cosmos 1-0 victory over Fort Lauderdale Strikers just 53 minutes into the match as a precautionary measure after experiencing discomfort in his hamstrings .
“ We want to make sure we do n't push our players , ” Cosmos Head Coach Giovanni Savarese said after the win . “ We felt it was better for him to come out . It 's important for him to be ready for the next game . ”
Raul did n't make the kind of impact Cosmos fans may have hoped for in his first outing . He did not manage a shot on goal , nor did he press the makeshift Fort Lauderdale defense in any meaningful way . Though he showed glimpses of the class that has come to define his career , Raul looked rusty against an aggressive Strikers ' side .
Minutes into the second half , the clearly hampered Spanish legend chose not to go on . “ It was in the second half I felt discomfort in my hamstring and nothing more , and I preferred to stop [ playing ] , ” Raul said after the match .
Both coach Savarese and Raul hope the injury is n't too serious . Raul is fully expected to be in the team 's plans next week as the Cosmos face Indy Eleven in Indiana .
“ I 'm happy to earn three points . It 's always hard to start a season on the road with a victory and today , we have done just that , ” Raul said . “ It 's just a shame I had to leave the match due to some discomfort . I hope it 's not too bad . ”
Square has acquired curated food delivery service Caviar today , confirming earlier reports that the companies had been in serious talks .
We reported last month that the companies were in talks on a deal worth about $ 100 million . Both Re/Code and The New York Times reported the deal would take place this week , but the reported price now is for $ 90 million in stock .
We 've reached out to both Square and Caviar , but both companies say they are not disclosing the terms of the agreement . We 'll update if we learn more .
Caviar is one of many new startups that seeks to enable customers to order meals online and have them delivered in a short period of time . The difference is most other food-delivery services tap into an already built-in delivery infrastructure . Caviar provides delivery to restaurants that do n't already offer such a service . Caviar would be able to provide Square , which launched food ordering service Square Order earlier this year , with a way to deliver food from restaurants that do n't already offer the service to surrounding locals .
The food ordering app from Square has only been able to allow users to order food for pickup . The payments company has been on the lookout for something that could bridge the gap between orders and delivery . Caviar has the infrastructure to do that for the app .
The acquisition also fits neatly into Square 's other restaurant offerings . Square recently released inventory tracking , an invoicing service and point-of-sale software to its 50,000 restaurants that already use its register service .
However , this is a quick turnabout for Caviar . It raised a $ 13 million round only this April . It should be noted that food delivery has seen a lot of funding from investors of late .
In recent months , we 've seen Munchery raise $ 28 million , Postmates raise $ 16 million , and SpoonRocket and Sprig each raise about $ 10 million . Food delivery is also a crowded space . It may have made more sense for Caviar to sell rather than handle a competitive environment on its own .
This post was featured on PyCoders Weekly # 151 .
Lately I had to port 16 thousand lines of Scala code into Python . The task seemed odd at first as usually the Python code is re-written in Scala and not the other way round . Anyway it 's done now and I managed to pick up some Scala skills and also observed the difficulties of translating between those two languages . Before I start : I just want to mention that Scala is a very cool language and I hope to work with Scala again in the near future .
1 . Key-value pairs in Python dictionaries and Scala maps have different order
Python does n't preserve the order in which the elements are added to the dictionary . I think it 's best to illustrate this with an example :
> > > # let 's make a dictionary
> > > d = { 'key_a ' : 'value_a ' , 'key_b ' : 'value_b ' , 'key_c ' : 'value_c ' }
> > >
> > > # and iterate over the key/value pairs
> > > for item in d . items ( ) :
... print item
...
( 'key_a ' , 'value_a ' )
( 'key_c ' , 'value_c ' )
( 'key_b ' , 'value_b ' )
Boom - all messed up ! The same snippet in Scala :
scala > // let 's make a map
scala > val m = Map ( `` key_b '' - > `` value_b '' ,
| `` key_c '' - > `` value_c '' ,
| `` key_a '' - > `` value_a '' )
scala >
scala > // and iterate over key/value pairs
scala > m . map ( item = > println ( item ) )
( key_b , value_b )
( key_c , value_c )
( key_a , value_a )
So while Python sorts the dictionary elements in a non-obvious way , Scala preserves the order of elements as they were added to the map . Unfortunately I had to learn this the hard way - some parts of the code assumed the ‘ correct ' order of elements . Fortunately it 's easy to fix the problem with OrderedDict .
2 . Be careful when checking whether variable has a numerical value or not
For example this simple code snippet checks whether x is NaN or not
scala > val x = Double . NaN
scala >
scala > if ( x . isNaN ) {
println ( `` x has no value '' )
} else {
println ( `` x has a value '' )
}
x has no value
The equivalent in Python is :
> > > x = None
> > > if not x :
... print `` x has no value ''
... else :
... print `` x has a value ''
...
x has no value
So far so good . But sometimes one wants to take advantage of NumPy to perform some calculations in a more elegant way . Thus it makes more sense to use NumPy 's NaN value as well instead of None . I 'm not saying that it 's a mistake of language design or whatever , but it pays to be extra careful when writing something like this :
> > > import numpy as np
> > >
> > > x = np . NaN
> > > if not x :
... print `` x has no value ''
... else :
... print `` x has a value ''
...
x has a value
Surely this was not what I meant ! A similar ‘ anomaly ' might occur if the x equals to 0 and thus already has a value :
> > > x = 0
> > > if not x :
... print `` x has no value ''
... else :
... print `` x has a value ''
...
x has no value
It 's very easy to overlook stuff like this when being on autopilot .
3 . Porting classes with multiple constructors
Let 's say we have a following Scala code
class Person ( val firstName : String , val lastName : String ) {
def this ( firstName : String ) {
this ( firstName , `` '' ) ;
}
def this ( firstName : String , lastName : String ) {
this ( firstName , lastName ) ;
}
}
How to you port this into Python ? This is actually a major pain in the ass since Python does n't support multiple constructors . The only reasonable solution I was able to come up with was :
class Person :
def __init__ ( self , first_name , last_name ) :
self . first_name = first_name
self . last_name = last_name
@ staticmethod
def create ( * args ) :
if len ( args ) == 1 :
return Person ( args [ 0 ] , None )
elif len ( args ) == 2 :
return Person ( * args )
else :
raise Exception ( `` Wrong number of arguments : % s '' % len ( args ) )
And you use it like this :
shrek = Person . create ( `` Shrek '' )
hugh = Person . create ( `` Hugh '' , `` Jass '' )
Of course there might be a case where one constructor accepts a string and the other an integer or whatever . In this case it 's probably the best just to check the type of variable . Something like this :
> > > x = 5
> > > type ( x ) == int
True
> > > type ( x ) == str
False
4 . Port first , refactor later
The solutions in the last paragraph are far from ideal , but at least we 're not changing the logic of the code while porting it . Just do n't refactor the code before having a great overview of what all of it is doing . Unless , of course , you want to have some unpleasant what-the-f-is-going-on debugging marathons . This is obviously not Scala-to-Python specific and applies to any kind of code porting .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Sunday on NBC 's “ Meet The Press , ” former Defense Secretary Robert Gates said of President-elect Donald Trump 's nominee for secretary of state Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson 's ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin “ being friendly does n't make you friends . ”
Gates said , “ He is familiar with countries from Indonesia to Latin America to the Middle East and Russia . It seems to me having somebody who is secretary of state who has dealt with a lot of these leaders , who knows them , knows how they negotiate , knows how they think is a huge assess for the United States . As I have said , I think the second he raises his hand to take that oath , his only goal will be to do what 's in the best interests of the United States . ”
He added , ‘ Clearly , the CEO of any U.S. company that does business around the world is going to want to be on friendly relationships with the leaders and governments of those countries where they do business , but being friendly does n't make you friends . After all , if you wanted to show pictures , I hoisted a glass of vodka more than one time with the head of the KGB . And it looked like it was friendly if you had taken a photograph of it . I can guarantee you , we were n't friends . We were adversaries . But in the course of doing business , you at least maintain the pleasantries . You ca n't be at each others throats 24/7 . So I think mistaking a picture of something lifting a champagne glass or shaking hands with somebody , confusing that with being friends or being closely associated other than in a business sense , I think is a mistake . I think it 's a false narrative . ”
( h/t The Hill )
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Reader Steve Williams , was at MusicMesse and got a chance to see the new Akai MPC Fly . He was kind enough to put together an article to share his impressions !
The new Akai MPC Fly combines two of the most important musical production tools of recent years : the MPC controller and the iPad . The two devices seamlessly combine to create a laptop style case that securely protects your iPad . But the Fly is much more than just a case ; it has 16 genuine MPC velocity-sensitive pads in the familiar 4x4 layout . In conjunction with the MPC app you can sequence up to 4 tracks simultaneously , allowing you to make beats wherever .
Although it bears the heavy Akai MPC reputation , I had the impression that the Fly is more of a producer ‘ must have accessory ' rather than a serious production tool . Granted it looks and feels the part but in terms of out and out quality it does n't really compare to the more expensive MPC units I 've used . At $ 300/£170 that is to be expected in comparison to the massive $ 1300/£730 MPC Renaissance . Unlike the Renaissance though , for professional purposes , the Fly needs to be integrated into a more sophisticated device or Digital Audio Workstation ( DAW ) . Do n't be expecting any miracles from the Fly alone .
If you start to lower your expectations and look at the Fly for what it really is , you start to realise that it 's more of a cool gadget rather than a serious piece of gear . When I had this mind-set I instantly found the Fly much more fun and creative and with the introduction of the iPad , you get the benefit of a well-designed and integrated app . As I 've mentioned you can sequence 4 tracks at the same time and there 's an existing library of various drum sounds and samples that were at a higher quality than I was expecting . You can also adjust each sample 's velocity , length and tuning through what Akai call the 16 level mode . I was also glad to see that you could take sample from your iTunes library which , in my opinion , is imperative .
You 'll find on many sites that the Fly is being labelled as an iPad case and charger , although it is , to me that 's just a bonus . I think its best quality is its portability . Although you might look a little strange , as if you 're on a laptop for children , you really can take and use it anywhere ! I think it 's important that I stress it is n't compatible with the 1st generation iPads , so do n't make that mistake !
I was left with mixed feelings about the Akai Fly , it really was n't what I was expecting , but after a shaky start I really liked it . It is targeted at a larger audience , but for different uses . It could be a professional producer 's best friend to fine-tune songs on the way to the studio . Alternatively it could be used by your average guy in his room making tunes . You get a genuine Akai MPC for only $ 300/£170 , so you really ca n't go wrong . I 've made my opinions clear , watch this video and see what you think .
Correction : I had stated ( editorially , this is not Steve 's fault ) that the 1st and 3rd generation iPads would not be supported , based on all available literature from Akai . Akai has contacted me to say that the reason for this is not that they wo n't support it , but that they are still being certified by Apple . They ca n't officially say it supports the iPad 3 until Apple says they can . It is their intention for both iPad 2s and iPad 3s to be fully supported at release !
A Secret Service agent stands watch as President Barack Obama arrives aboard Marine One in New York on September 13 . Carlos Barria/Reuters Protecting the president is n't easy or cheap , and according to estimates from The Washington Post , the cost to protect President Donald Trump and his family is on track to supersede the cost to protect former President Barack Obama and his family by hundreds of millions of dollars .
Judicial Watch , a conservative group that tracked the cost of Obama 's travel expenses , estimated that $ 97 million was spent during his eight years in office .
However , based on the first four weeks of Trump 's presidency — which included three trips to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Florida — Trump is well on his way to jump past that figure .
The Post rounded up a handful of estimates of the costs of protecting the Trump family incurred by the US departments of defense and homeland security as well as local police agencies .
Here are a few :
Three trips to Mar-a-Lago since Trump 's inauguration may have cost about $ 10 million , based on a government report from October that analyzed White House travel , The Post said . The expenses include the cost of US Coast Guard patrol boats on the shoreline .
Palm Beach County officials say they will request reimbursement of tens of thousands of dollars per day from the White House for their deputies who provided security and logistical support around the city .
Police officials estimate that it would cost New York $ 500,000 a day , or $ 183 million a year , to guard Trump Tower , where first lady Melania Trump and son Barron Trump live .
Secret Service and US embassy employees paid about $ 100,000 in hotel room bills during Eric Trump 's trip to Uruguay , where he promoted a Trump-branded building .
If the Pentagon secures rental space in Trump Tower — needed for when the president returns to New York — it could cost $ 1.5 million per year , according to the building 's website .
Secret Service paid $ 12,000 for tents , portable toilets , light towers , and golf carts during Trump 's Super Bowl weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago .
Currently , most parts of a smart phone are made of silicon and other compounds , which are expensive and break easily , but with almost 1.5 billion smart phones purchased worldwide last year , manufacturers are on the lookout for something more durable and less costly .
Dr Elton Santos from Queen 's University 's School of Mathematics and Physics , has been working with a team of top-notch scientists from Stanford University , University of California , California State University and the National Institute for Materials Science in Japan , to create new dynamic hybrid devices that are able to conduct electricity at unprecedented speeds and are light , durable and easy to manufacture in large scale semiconductor plants .
The team found that by combining semiconducting molecules C60 with layered materials , such as graphene and hBN , they could produce a unique material technology , which could revolutionise the concept of smart devices .
The winning combination works because hBN provides stability , electronic compatibility and isolation charge to graphene while C60 can transform sunlight into electricity . Any smart device made from this combination would benefit from the mix of unique features , which do not exist in materials naturally . This process , which is called van der Waals solids , allows compounds to be brought together and assembled in a pre-defined way .
Dr Elton Santos explains : `` Our findings show that this new 'miracle material ' has similar physical properties to Silicon but it has improved chemical stability , lightness and flexibility , which could potentially be used in smart devices and would be much less likely to break .
`` The material also could mean that devices use less energy than before because of the device architecture so could have improved battery life and less electric shocks . ''
He added : `` By bringing together scientists from across the globe with expertise in chemistry , physics and materials science we were able to work together and use simulations to predict how all of the materials could function when combined -- and ultimately how these could work to help solve every day problems .
`` This cutting-edge research is timely and a hot-topic involving key players in the field , which opens a clear international pathway to put Queen 's on the road-map of further outstanding investigations . ''
The project initially started from the simulation side , where Dr. Santos predicted that such assembly of hBN , graphene and C60 could result in a solid with remarkable new physical and chemical properties . Then , he talked with his collaborators Professor Alex Zettl and Dr. Claudia Ojeda-Aristizabal at the University of California , and California St University in Long Beach ( CA ) about the findings . There was a strong synergy between theory and experiments throughout the project .
Dr Santos said : `` It is a sort of 'dream project ' for a theoretician since the accuracy achieved in the experiments remarkably matched what I predicted and this is not normally easy to find . The model made several assumptions that have proven to be completely right . ''
The findings , which have been published in ACS Nano , open the doors for further exploration of new materials . One issue that still needs to be solved with the team 's current research is that graphene and the new material architecture is lacking a 'band gap ' , which is the key to the on-off switching operations performed by electronic devices .
However , Dr Santos ' team is already looking at a potential solution -- transition metal dichalcogenides ( TMDs ) . These are a hot topic at the moment as they are very chemically stable , have large sources for production and band gaps that rival Silicon .
He explains : `` By using these findings , we have now produced a template but in future we hope to add an additional feature with TMDs . These are semiconductors , which by-pass the problem of the band gap , so we now have a real transistor on the horizon . ''
Libertarian Gary Johnson heads here for pricey fundraiser , public rally
Tormer New Mexico Gov . Gary Johnson leaves the Utah State Capitol after meeting with with legislators in Salt Lake City . Tormer New Mexico Gov . Gary Johnson leaves the Utah State Capitol after meeting with with legislators in Salt Lake City . Photo : Rick Bowmer , Associated Press Photo : Rick Bowmer , Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Libertarian Gary Johnson heads here for pricey fundraiser , public rally 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson is coming to Seattle on September 17th , a visit that will include a pricey $ 1,000-per-person fundraiser with celebrity hosts as well as a public rally .
The visit was revealed by rock musician Krist Novoselic , once the bass guitarist with Nirvana , who will co-host the Seattle Sheraton fundraiser with comedian and longtime libertarian activist Drew Carey .
Washington has shown signs of being fertile libertarian ground . Then-U.S. Rep. Ron Paul drew big , largely young crowds during his 2012 bid for the Republican presidential nomination .
Gary Johnson is a former Governor of New Mexico , one of the nation 's first politicians to champion the legalization of marijuana . A longtime pot user , Johnson has pledged to lay off grass while seeking America 's highest office . He is running on a ticket with ex-Massachusetts Gov . William Weld , a blueblood , New York-based Republican moderate .
At least two prominent Republicans who refuse to support Donald Trump -- gubernatorial nominee Bill Bryant and U.S. Rep. Dave Reichert -- have said they will take a look at Johnson while agonizing over how to vote in November .
A prominent Republican activist in Washington , Mary Lane Strow , has struggled with the presidential choice on her Facebook page . She has decried Trump as an `` idiot '' and a `` maniac , '' and Clinton as an `` effing liar '' .
`` I can not believe I just donated ( $ 15 ) to a Libertarian , '' she wrote on Aug. 2 . `` But I did . I want to see Gary Johnson allowed in the public debates so he can rip Donald Trump to shreds . ''
Johnson will need 15 percent national support , in major polls , to be invited on stage at the three presidential debates . The first is Sept. 26 .
Johnson is getting attention and support , particularly in the West .
According to a 50-state Washington Post poll released on Tuesday , Washington is one of Johnson 's strongest states .
In a multi-candidate contest , he would receive 16 percent of the vote , compared to 41 percent for ex-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and 31 percent for Trump .
Strong Johnson states include New Mexico ( 25 percent ) , Utah ( 23 percent , one click behind Clinton ) , Idaho ( 19 percent ) , Alaska ( 19 percent ) , Kansas ( 17 percent ) , Colorado ( 16 percent ) , South Dakota ( 19 percent ) and North Dakota ( 16 percent ) .
Johnson adheres to the Libertarians ' non-interventionist foreign policy , and downsizing of the federal government , but is a defender of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and its role in American life .
Islamofascism : With an eye toward the 2016 election , the radical Muslim Brotherhood has built the framework for a political party in America that seeks to turn Muslims into an Islamist voting bloc .
'Muslim voters have the potential to be swing voters in 2016 , '' said Nihad Awad in launching the benign-sounding U.S. Council of Muslim Organizations , whose membership reads like a Who 's Who of Brotherhood front groups .
`` We are aiming to bring more participation from the Muslim community . ''
USCMO also aims to elect Islamists in Washington , with the ultimate objective of `` institutionalizing policies '' favorable to Islamists — that is , Shariah law .
This development bears careful monitoring in light of the U.S. Brotherhood 's recently exposed goal to wage a `` civilization jihad '' against America that explicitly calls for infiltrating the U.S. political system and `` destroying ( it ) from within . ''
The subversive plan was spelled out in hundreds of pages of founding archives that the FBI confiscated from a Brotherhood leader 's home in the Washington suburbs after 9/11 .
Translated from Arabic , the secret documents listed a number of Brotherhood front organizations — some of which just happen to make up the newly formed USCMO .
Front and center is the Washington-based Council on American-Islamic Relations , the catalyst behind this Trojan horse jihadist political party .
CAIR is linked in federal criminal court documents to the terrorist group Hamas , the Brotherhood 's Palestinian branch . CAIR 's chief Awad , who announced the USCMO at the National Press Club , is so radioactive , the FBI refuses to do outreach with him and his so-called Muslim-rights group until it can `` resolve whether there continues to be a connection between its executives and Hamas . ''
Equally troubling is the Muslim American Society , another founding member of the USCMO . MAS was formed as `` the overt arm of the Muslim Brotherhood in the United States , '' a 2007 Justice Department court filing states . A 2011 MAS press release praised Osama bin Laden as `` a visionary who believed in an Islamic state in Afghanistan . ''
The list of bad actors does n't end there . The chairman of America 's new Islamist party is none other than Oussama Jammal , who once headed the notorious Bridgeview Mosque in Chicago .
One of that mosque 's leaders was arrested and jailed for funneling millions to Hamas . And one of its most honored guests was bin Laden 's spiritual mentor , the late Palestinian cleric Abdullah Azzam . Some of Azzam 's relatives are Bridgeview members .
`` The walls were covered with Hamas posters and recruiting literature showing masked gunmen brandishing automatic weapons . . . . You could see daggers plunged into Jewish hearts wrapped up in American flags , '' said Steve Emerson , describing the mosque in his book `` American Jihad . '' `` They even had a library filled with terrorist videos . ''
As Bridgeview 's president , Jammal blasted the FBI for arresting terrorist members and even expressed doubts that al-Qaida was responsible for 9/11 .
Not to worry . As head of the USCMO , he 'll see to it that the council places `` premium '' importance `` on defining the common good based on the Quran and the model of the prophet ( Muhammad ) , and coordinating institutions to implement that common good in American society . ''
Jammal and his equally checkered Brothers have a 30-point `` policy platform '' for `` promoting Islam 's core universal principles to benefit American society '' — none of which includes combating radicalism within the Muslim community .
Can any Muslim join USCMO ? Nope . First you must fill out a four-page application and pass Brotherhood inspection . Then you have to cough up $ 1,000 a year — $ 3,500 if you want a voting membership .
Islamic reformer Zuhdi Jasser says he wo n't be accepted . That 's because , as he astutely observes , America 's first Muslim political party is made up `` of the inner core of American Islamist organizations '' trying to `` deceive Americans as an innocent 'Muslim coalition . ' ''
Today it was reported that the Cleveland Browns beat out the Buffalo Bills as the `` star '' of a new Kevin Costner movie titled `` Draft Day '' . Costner will apparently play the role of the General Manager of the Cleveland Browns in the upcoming movie . It was down to a two horse race , Buffalo and Cleveland , and the Browns won ! Huzzah !
It 's believed that the tax credit filmmakers can receive in Ohio was the final push that got Cleveland the W over Buffalo . Filmmakers that decide to use our beautiful Ohio landscapes as a backdrop can apply for the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Incentive . According to the Ohio Film Office , the tax credit can save filmmakers up to 25 % on in-state spending . And who says Ohio has budget problems ? We 've got mega movie stars strolling our streets now .
Not many details have been released about `` Draft Day '' , but it 's believed Costner will play the GM of the Browns , and the story will about restoring the team to greatness . That 's a movie we 've been trying to film every Sunday for years .
While there 's still a lot to iron out , one thing is for certain , this is just more exposure for the Browns ( for better or for worse ) . Jimmy Haslam has done a fantastic job of generating exposure to the Browns ever since taking the reigns of the franchise last fall . Whether it was the Travel Channel mini-series , big name hires , or the selling of the stadium naming rights , it 's clear Haslam has not only created a buzz around town , but nationally as well . Filming a movie in Cleveland , starring the Browns , will only create more of a buzz .
I 'm a big Kevin Costner fan , `` Tin Cup '' is one of my favs . `` Give me another ball ! '' . So I could n't be more excited to see how this whole thing shakes out .
What say you Browns fans , are you excited to see Kevin Costner playing our GM on the silver screen ?
Navy personnel officials have released the names of 38 enlisted female sailors who will train being the first cadre of enlisted women to report for duty aboard a submarine .
One senior chief petty officer , three chiefs and 34 other women in pay grades E-4 through E-6 will now get orders to report to submarine school to begin the process of qualifying in submarines .
The names , listed in NavAdmin 142/15 , were released June 22 , along with the names of another 69 women listed as alternates , who could be called `` if a primary selectee is unable to report as assigned , '' according to the message .
Applications were requested in January and selections began in April . All selectees will convert to a submarine rating as part of their qualification process .
`` These selections are a key milestone in the continued integration of the submarine force , '' Vice Adm. Bill Moran , chief of naval personnel , said in the message , '' `` These sailors will be assigned to the first two of 18 submarine crews included in the initial integration plan .
This initial cadre of enlisted women will integrate the ballistic missile submarine Michigan 's Blue and Gold crews . As yet , officials have not released what other eight guided-missile or ballistic missile subs — 16 crews total — will add women in the years to come .
In January , the Navy announced those follow-on crews would be integrated over roughly a five-year period through 2021 . Then , starting in 2020 , the Navy will begin to select women to begin the integration of Virginia-class fast attack submarines .
Female officers have been assigned to SSGNs and SSBNs since 2011 and started to integrate the fast attack submarine Minnesota last fall and the USS Virginia this spring .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
The enlisted women selected will begin to report to Michigan in fiscal 2016 . In addition , some of the alternate sailors `` may be called upon within 90 days to fill an assignment on USS Michigan if a primary selectee does not pass their submarine physical or are otherwise determined to be ineligible for assignment onboard submarines . ''
This selection includes women converting into the sub force 's non-nuclear ratings . The Navy plans to select nuclear-trained female enlisted starting next spring and expects them to report to the boat starting in late 2016 .
`` Each Michigan crew will have 2 previous junior staff instructors [ from any nuclear rating ) and 4 prototype graduates ( one from each nuclear rating ) . Female nuclear power sailors `` interested in volunteering for submarine duty should inform their chain of command , '' the message stated . `` In early 2016 , the chain of command at each NPTU will develop an application package on each submarine volunteer that will aid in the selections . ''
UPDATE : The woman has now been identified as Lucia Vega Jiménez .
New details are starting emerge about her death , but many questions remain .
Previous story :
The B.C . Coroners Service is investigating after a 42-year-old woman died after being taken into custody by the Canada Border Services Agency at Vancouver International Airport .
The woman , who is not a Canadian citizen , was taken into custody as a “ short-term detainee. ” No further details were provided .
Barb McClintock with the B.C . Coroners Service says the woman was being held in a holding cell at YVR on Dec. 20 when she went into medical distress .
She was rushed to Mount St. Joseph hospital but died a week later .
“ She was just too unwell and she passed away on Dec. 28 at the hospital . ”
McClintock says the investigation is in its preliminary stages and a cause of death has not yet been determined .
You 'll need to be an old time Zombie Commando if you remember our interview with Kim Paffenroth back in June but , as one of the few zombie scholars out there , his books are well thought out pieces of zombie fact and fiction .
As a long term supporter he 's offered one of our lucky readers the chance to win 2 of his books ! Valley of the Dead and his limited edition chapbook , Thin Them Out .
You can support Kim by visiting his blog , liking his page on Facebook , checking out his latest publications on Permuted Press or buying his books from Amazon ( or use the links below ) .
Let 's look at the prizes !
Valley of the Dead
Working from Dante 's “ Inferno ” to draw out the reality behind the fantasy , author Kim Paffenroth unfolds the horrifying true events that led Dante to fictionalize the account of his lost years… For seventeen years of his life , the exact whereabouts of the medieval Italian poet Dante Alighieri are unknown to modern scholars . It is known that during this time he traveled as an exile across Europe , working on his epic poem , “ The Divine Comedy. ” In his masterpiece he describes a journey through the three realms of the afterlife . The most famous of its three volumes , “ Inferno , ” describes hell . During his lost wanderings , Dante stumbled upon an infestation of the living dead . The unspeakable acts he witnessed – cannibalism , live burnings , evisceration , crucifixion , and dozens more – became the basis of all the horrors described in Inferno . Afraid to be labeled a madman , Dante made the terrors he experienced into a more “ believable ” account of an otherworldly adventure filled with demons and mythological monsters . But at last , the real story can finally be told .
Thin Them Out
The dead . The dead are getting up . Walking around . Acting… strangely . And killing . But sometimes , in this terrifying new world , it 's the living you have to worry about .
To enter simply follow the Zombie Command Birthday Bash rules and leave a comment below .
If you ca n't think of anything to say simply tell us which historical figure do you think would have been most prepared for zombies ?
Remember you can enter once per day until the 31st of May by commenting and to check back tomorrow for more prizes !
Snapchat has taken the mobile world by storm . The application allows users to send pictures and videos to friends that will self-destruct after a maximum of 10 seconds . Even better , if someone tries to take a screenshot of the image , the sender is automatically notified . Although its founders may not be proud of it , the application has become rather popular among the “ sexting ” crowd , a practice in which you send naked pictures and videos to another person . The application is n't perfect , however . As we saw earlier this year , SnapChat videos can be secretly saved . The truth of the matter is that while Snapchat deletes the images from its servers , they are still stored deep inside the receiver 's smartphone and can be retrieved with the proper knowledge . There are ways to permanently delete Snapchat photos , though .
Clean Master is a free Android application that clears the app 's cache , search history and more , and a recent update now allows it to delete old Snapchat photos that are secretly stored on your device .
“ When news broke out recently that Snapchat photos could be recovered , we naturally took a keen interest in this and even speculated that our product already made Snapchat photo recovery unlikely , ” said Adam Morley , product Manager of Clean Master at KS Mobile . “ After a full investigation , we found that with a minor tweak we could quickly customize our operations to clear out the .nomedia Snapchat files and help ensure the privacy of our users . ”
The application not only deletes old photos sent to you , but also ones that you 've taken on your device and have sent to other people . Once they 've installed Clean Master , users can access the area where Snapchat images are stored to manually clear them through either the “ Privacy ” or “ History ” functions . It is simple , easy to use and best of all it is free .
Clean Master is available as a free download on Google Play for smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 or higher .
A couple of weeks ago , I shared a MSgt 's unfiltered take on the nature and trajectory of SNCO leadership in today 's Air Force . It was instantly and explosively popular . Like a piece penned by a Colonel a few months before , it tapped into emotion simmering beneath the surface of current Air Force life , triggering an eruption of responses and thousands of valuable discussions .
Why did this particular slice of sensibility hit home so decisively ? I think there are two reasons .
First , the author spends some time on a subject that is bothering a lot of people these days : how to raise a fighting force — not a collection of stripe-wearing bureaucrats , but a combat team — within a paradigm that treats honest mistakes as unforgivable crimes and trashes futures on the basis of minor , one-time errors .
On some level , everyone knows this is wrong — even the senior officials who continue to champion such a culture . Deep down , in places they do n't talk about at Tops in Blue performances , they know they 've made mistakes themselves . They know they would n't be perched atop the organization without the benefit of learning from those mistakes . And most damningly , they know that in the Air Force they 're running , those same mistakes would not be survivable .
This series of contemplations should be producing a response in form of messaging from the top and perhaps even policy change . There 's no reason a dated PT failure or administrative counseling given years in the past should be used to deny a decoration or degrade a stratification . Instead , airmen are getting nothing but more apathy and apparent helplessness from senior officials . Even with the mountain of evidence showing that the nuclear ICBM scandals of the past few years are inexorably interwoven with a culture of perfection , not much is being done to unravel it across the force .
One of the reasons I left the Air Force myself was realizing that even as a commander , I could n't do anything to overcome an entrenched “ zero defect ” culture . In several cases involving enlisted members and officers alike , I lost battles against the bureaucracy and failed to persuade its agents that not all mistakes were built alike and that crimes and non-crimes should be treated differently in terms of career viability . Here 's an excerpt from an email I sent to a mentor explaining my decision to retire :
It 's not in my belief system to condemn members of our family or team based on single mistakes . In today 's Air Force , mistakes are taken more seriously and documented more carefully . Transgressions formerly considered cautionary but normal by-products of building a warrior ethos into a spirited group of young Americans embracing adulthood for the first time are now looked upon as criminal actions . A minor scuffle at the end of a night at the club . A shouting match between a stressed out husband and wife . A couple of inadvertent bounced checks . A speeding ticket . The structure of our system virtually guarantees that these minor incidents will now be documented . The system encourages commanders to document all mistakes into official records , and in our system that is likely to mean the end of a career . This is morally wrong . These men and women are on our team . We made a commitment to take care of them . Sometimes that means disciplining them , but that discipline should not mean a career death sentence . It 's also morally wrong in what it robs from our future . We ca n't be excellent in the future if we 're led by those who survived in their careers by being mistake free ; by never taking chances , exploring limits , or risking career jeopardy by following their emotions , appetites , or impulses just a little too far and having to learn from it . This construct is also morally wrong in its hypocrisy . We were not held to this standard as younger Airmen , and few of us would be here to lead in the current Air Force had we been asked to lead mistake free careers . I have a captain in my squadron who shows obvious potential to lead at higher levels . He was # 2/45 among all CGOs in his deployed MC-12 squadron and was credited with putting steel on terrorist foreheads and saving American lives . He 'll be a terminal captain because he threw a couple of beer bottles off a balcony a couple years ago . We 've forgotten the difference between mistakes and crimes . We 're now treating both the same and we 're not rehabilitating our Airmen….we 're just waiting for the next board process to push them out . Not only does this encourage inhuman , mistake-allergic behavior in our young people , it encourages commanders to violate the principles of consistency and fairness to preserve the careers of high performers by looking the other way . With enough examples of inequity , discipline will break down .
I believe the second reason the epic rant resonated had to do with its vivid rendition of squadron life in today 's force , and how the structure of squadron life is warping what is considered “ excellent performance ” by an NCO .
A few years ago , a gang of geniuses at the Air Staff ( including a noted ringleader who put himself back in the Air Force discussion recently but was not well received ) got together and decided to take the unprecedented step of trading manpower for modernization funds . There was little discussion on the matter and dissent was not meaningfully permitted . To make matters worse , these myopic managers cut manpower not from staffs , but from squadrons . The effects of this gaffe ( and many others exacerbating it ) are core to the mutilation of squadron life today . No one can focus because everyone is task saturated , focusing too often on non-mission things .
This condition might be reversible if today 's senior leadership were to confront and deal with it . But they remain apparently out of touch with the problem . Look no further than remarks from CMSAF Cody , who said earlier this year — in encouraging airmen to speak up before they burn out :
“ It ca n't be : I go to work for 14 hours a day and I go home and pass out to get up to work for 14 hours a day tomorrow . ”
Well , it 's usually not . For most , it 's much worse than that .
It 's : work for 12-ish hours , tackle additional duties until and during dinner with a commute wedged in there somewhere , complete off-duty education or career development courses well into the evening , and wake up early to squeeze in PT before duty hours the next day .
During the lunch “ break ” of that 12-hour day ( assuming the physical ability to do so ) , run around base frenetically trying to get things done to support professional , household , readiness-related , financial , medical , and administrative requirements . At every step , expect resistance and lack of support from base agencies , many of which are also under resource pressure and responding to it by taking downtime for their own needs , curtailing hours , and essentially dissolving their bonds with customers ( to the extent that word is even used anymore ) .
Back in the duty section , contend with the burgeoning ballast of externally forced training requirements that have grown by an order of magnitude in the same time that manning has been sliced to the bone . Click through dozens of useless computer-based training courses so someone can say you were trained on something that was important to someone somewhere in the chain of command because someone else did something wrong . Sit through countless speeches about issues that do n't impact you or your teammates and crimes you 'd never commit . Conduct incessant prep drills for visits by senior officials that will rob you of productive duty time without the benefit of any insight you did n't already have or could n't glean from an email .
Somewhere in the middle of all that , focus on your job for the scant few moments someone is n't obliging your attention elsewhere . Do it well , because excellence remains the expectation and imperfection is the first waypoint on the road to your professional demise .
When feeling especially frisky , raise issues to your supervisor or commander and listen intently as they tell you how much they understand and empathize , but how they lack the authority to do anything about your problems .
As a bonus , they might add how lucky you are to have a job . At the end of the reporting period , they 'll remind you of that good fortune by giving you the same performance report everyone else gets , that is unless you 've shown yourself to be a fallible human . In that case , they 'll hand you a delay-fuzed pink slip .
Amid all this , contend with unceasing pressure to surrender the tattered , shredded remains of your schedule to efforts to help the less fortunate , or at least to create the appearance of doing so to keep your supervisors at bay . Be reminded of how much volunteering fits within the value system someone says you swore to uphold but that they do n't seem to understand , and get these reminders mainly from senior personnel who never lived your tempo , never experienced your version of the Air Force , and still managed to volunteer less and goof off more than you do as they sailed into their current roles .
Oh yeah , and do n't get too comfortable , because the next 179-day or 365-day deployment notification ( complete with the lack of a deployed job description and maybe even the absence of downrange relevance ) is already winnowing its way through the bureaucratic wickets on its way to your inbox , where it 'll slide in right above your promotion notification and that other recent email reminding you that you need to take a few week 's worth of “ staycations ” over the ( weekends of the ) next few months or lose days of entitled leave you built up involuntarily by being denied leave in the name of deployments , exercises , and/or Tops in Blue performances over the years .
When you get back from deployment , someone will be waiting . Probably not at the airport , but in the auditorium . For wingman day . So you can brush up on how to keep yourself from having a postal meltdown by staying aware of your personal stress level . Because without this down day to talk about it , you 'd never have had any clue — aside from the premature graying , deep-set eyeballs , pissed off family members , and chronic fatigue — that you were stressed out .
Never fear , though . Because when wingman day is over , you can retire to your dorm or privatized house , where you get all of the “ benefits ” of living on base — like withering community support , slowly exsanguinating commissary and exchange facilities , and more motherhood than you ever had as a child — to do whatever you 'd like .
As long as it does n't involve alcohol . Or playing video games , which is bad for your resiliency level . Or expressing your opinions online . Or talking to Congress about the future of national defense . And as long as it involves volunteering , PT , or preferably both .
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
When these current realities give way to a healthy institutional climate where NCOs can once again lead effectively at squadron level and commanders can once again build spirited fighting teams that are not comprised of perversely risk-averse airmen , the Air Force will once again ascend . Until then , lamentations of a service culture manifestly unhinged and permitted to worsen by aloof leaders will continue to resonate .
An illegal immigrant tied up a Texas woman , forced her into her car and tried to drive off with her on Wednesday , but the woman was able to escape and eventually helped lead authorities to her suspected attacker , officials said .
The man was not identified , and it was unknown how long he had been in the U.S. or what country he comes from . A media relations person was not available on Sunday to respond to questions from Fox News .
The man was charged with burglary of a habitation with intent to commit a felony and aggravated kidnapping . He also faces immigration proceedings , and is being held at Dimmit County Jail , a Friday statement from U.S. Customs and Border Protection said .
The woman told authorities she had been supplying food and water to the man , who was staying somewhere behind her house , for three days before he allegedly tried to kidnap her . She escaped as the man tried to start her car , officials said .
After an emergency call from an onlooker , agents found the woman walking along a road with her hands still bound . She told officials about the harrowing incident and CBP agents and Dimmit County Sheriff 's deputies immediately began searching for the suspect .
The man was found unresponsive “ lying in the brush ” – though medical technicians later determined he was “ faking his condition , ” the statement said .
“ The skill sets of the men and women of the United States Border Patrol are simply incredible , ” Acting Chief Patrol Agent Matthew J. Hudak said in the statement . “ Tracking and arresting this subject resulted in the detention of an undocumented alien with a propensity for violence . ”
Mustafa al-Ta ' i worked in secret at night , using his brushes and pencils to record the violence he saw during the day under the Islamic State group 's brutal reign in Iraq .
The bloodied body of a man suspended by a foot , another lying in a pool of blood with his severed head on his back , a woman with her face burned by acid — these are just some of the scenes captured by Ta ' i .
The 240 paintings and drawings — which Ta ' i composed from the time IS seized his hometown of Hammam al-Alil , south of Mosul , in 2014 until Iraqi forces recaptured it in late 2016 — are an exhibition of horror .
“ IS is the enemy of the arts , the enemy of life , so I told myself that whenever I saw one of their crimes or something they did , I would relate it , ” he said .
“ There were no journalists and they did not allow photographs , so I recorded the image in my head and at night at home , I painted , ” said the 58-year-old , an oven and boiler repairman by trade who has been “ addicted ” to drawing since childhood .
“ The army is fighting against ( IS ) with weapons . Me , it 's with my brush , my colours , my drawings , my paintings , ” Ta ' i said as he sat cross-legged in his living room , drawing board in his lap .
At a time when art was banned by the jihadists — who view depictions of people as contrary to Islam — and drawing materials could not be found , Ta ' i drew from his old stocks of paints , papers and pencils to “ resist . ”
The pieces are simple and colourful , and each one tells a story .
“ This child is a Christian , ” he explained , pointing to a portrait of a weeping girl .
“ They took her when she was 12 years old . She was married to one of them , who left her to another , who married her ” — something that happened “ four or five times , ” Ta ' i said .
– ‘ It is my addiction ' –
“ I met her when I was in the hospital . She was crying . She had bruises on her face , wounds on the hands and body . I took a sheet of my medical record . I drew on it . ”
Another sketch depicts a man tied to a pole handcuffed and blindfolded .
Ta ' i said the man was captured after firing at the jihadists .
“ They tied him to an electric pole and they executed him after torturing him . ”
Ta ' i did not keep his works at home , instead leaving them with a friend who hid them behind the back seat of his car .
But he believes he was denounced to IS , especially when he made sketches at work during the day .
IS “ came to my house several times , they found nothing , ” he said .
The religious police came one night : “ They told me they wanted my paintings and calligraphies . They took me away to the desert . ”
The jihadists lashed him and tied his legs to a car and dragged him behind it .
“ I was reciting the Koran in a loud voice… Then , they tied my hands and my feet , brought me back and threw me in front of my house . I was found the next morning , ” he said .
Ta ' i said he was detained for a total of 45 days because of his artworks , and twice sentenced to the lash .
But each time , the grandfather of seven kept drawing .
“ I can not give up drawing . It is my addiction , it calms me . I do n't smoke — I draw , ” Ta ' i said .
During one stint in jail , he broke open a battery and used its contents to draw on a wall . A guard made him erase it by licking it off .
Today , he keeps his artwork in boxes as testimony to what he saw , and paints “ what I have in front of me , what I find beautiful . ”
Guiomar Novaes ( February 28 , 1895 - March 7 , 1979 ) was a Brazilian pianist noted for individuality of tone and phrasing , singing line , and a subtle and nuanced approach to her interpretations . [ 1 ] She is widely considered one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century .
Biography [ edit ]
Born in São João da Boa Vista ( in the area of São Paulo state in Brazil ) as one of the youngest children in a very large family , she studied with Antonietta Rudge Miller and Luigi Chiafarelli before she was accepted as a pupil of Isidor Philipp at the Conservatoire de Paris in 1909 . [ 2 ] That year there were two vacancies for foreign students at the Conservatoire—and 387 applicants . Novaes played for a jury that included Debussy , Fauré and Moszkowski . Her pieces were the Paganini-Liszt Etude in E , Chopin 's A flat Ballade and Schumann 's Carnaval . She won first place . Debussy wrote a letter in which he reports his amazement about the little Brazilian girl who came to the platform and , forgetting about public and jury , played with tremendous beauty and complete absorption . [ 3 ]
Guiomar Novaes with her daughter Anna Maria Pinto , c. 1924
Novaes ' technique and musical interpretations may have already been fully formed by the time she reached Paris . One of her first pieces for Philipp was Beethoven 's Les Adieux Sonata . Philipp said she played the second movement much too fast and to repeat it slower . Novaes thought for a moment , then replayed with some differences in detail but at exactly the same tempo . This happened several times . Philipp finally gave up , saying later , `` Even at that age , she had a mind of her own . `` [ 3 ] Philipp later considered her one of his greatest students .
By the end of 1910 , Novaes was a concert veteran . She made her official debut with the Chatelet Orchestra under Gabriel Pierné . She also played under Sir Henry Wood in England and on tour in Italy , Switzerland and Germany . Returning to Brazil at the start of World War I , she made her U.S. debut in Aeolian Hall in New York City in 1915 . She was still only 19 . Richard Aldrich at the New York Times dubbed her `` a musician by the grace of God . '' Pitts Sanborn in the Boston Globe called her `` the young genius of the piano . `` [ 3 ] Dubbed `` the Paderewska of the Pampas , '' [ 3 ] she continued playing in the United States frequently , mostly in New York City . In 1922 she married Octavio Pinto , a civil engineer who was also a pianist and composer . Novaes performed for the Peabody Mason Concert series in 1954 . [ 4 ] She continued her career into the 1970s . Through the Sixties she would come to New York every December for a single concert at Carnegie Hall ; her loyal fans would stand in line around the block in the snow to purchase tickets .
Her final concert appearance in New York was at Hunter College in 1972 . [ 2 ] She had a stroke January 31 , 1979 . Novaes died in São Paulo , Brazil on March 7 , 1979 . [ 1 ]
Style [ edit ]
1943 advertisement for a radio program featuring Guiomar Novaes
Novaes commanded a very large repertoire in her early touring days , narrowing it in later life . Whatever she played , she played with an aristocratic approach , a perpetually singing line and complete spontaneity . Her natural approach to the keyboard was part of her appeal . Because of her relaxed , effortless nature at the keyboard , she was one of the few pianists about whom it seemed the instrument was a welded extension of her arms and fingers . The tone and subtlety of her tone recalled the great Romantic pianists of previous generations . Her technique was supple , with no striving for effect . [ 5 ]
At all times her playing was intensely poetic . [ citation needed ] Harold C. Schonberg recalls in his book The Great Pianists that her performance of the Schumann concerto under the direction of André Cluytens in the late 1950s `` was strikingly reminiscent of Josef Hofmann 's [ performances ] . It had much the same suppleness , tonal subtlety and unswerving rhythm . `` [ 6 ] Like Hofmann , she never played a piece quite the same way twice . Each time she brought to it a slightly different point of view ; each time , the new approach seemed inevitable and perfectly natural . [ 6 ] In his obituary of Novaes in The New York Times dated 7 March 1979 , Schonberg stated : `` The sheer beauty of her playing managed to transcend any other considerations ; it was its own reward . There may have been more monumental pianists , more intellectual pianists , but it is hard to think of a pianist whose playing gave as much sheer pleasure as that of Guiomar Novaes . ''
David Dubal writes in The Art of the Piano that her playing was `` first and always personalized . She delighted in details , leaving one wondering why others never saw or savored them . Even at capricious moments , she had that marvelous and indispensable trait of a great interpreter -- the power to convince . In whatever she touched there was a feeling of intimacy , and it was Chopin she touched most . ''
Legacy [ edit ]
Novaes was particularly renowned for her interpretations of Chopin and Schumann , which are full of nuances and insights . She left a variety of recordings , including 78s from the 1920s and 1940s ( she was n't recorded during the '30s ) that have been collected on two CDs by APR . [ 7 ]
Later , and especially during the 1950s , she recorded mostly for Vox , producing a recording of Beethoven 's Piano Concerto No . 4 , with Otto Klemperer and the Vienna Symphony Orchestra that is highly rated by musicians and critics alike . [ 2 ] She also recorded works for piano and orchestra by Mozart , Schumann , Grieg , and Falla . The noted Brazilian Chopin specialist Nelson Freire says that he was deeply influenced by Novaes ' recording of Chopin 's Second Piano Concerto with Klemperer , which he first heard at age 14 and regards as an ideal to strive for . [ 8 ]
Her mid-century recordings of concertos , encore pieces , and Chopin solo works have been reissued by Vox on CD . A 3-CD set of the last-named contains the etudes ( Op . 10 and Op . 25 ) , 20 nocturnes , and the B-flat minor Piano Sonata No . 2 ( `` Funeral March '' ) . [ 9 ] Most of her highly regarded Schumann recordings were finally released on CD in 2009 by the label Musical Concepts . [ 10 ] At Philipp 's urging , she recorded a set of Mendelssohn 's Songs Without Words , which he said were `` unduly neglected . `` [ 11 ] These have not yet officially been released on CD , nor have her Debussy recordings .
Bibliography [ edit ]
Methuen-Campbell , James , ed . Stankey Sadie , The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , Second Edition , 20 vols . ( London : Macmillan , 2001 ) . ISBN 1-56159-239-0 .
, 20 vols . ( London : Macmillan , 2001 ) . ISBN 1-56159-239-0 . Schonberg , Harold C. , The Great Pianists ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 1987 , 1963 ) . ISBN 0-671-64200-6 .
References [ edit ]
Gujarat Files : Anatomy of a Cover-Up , is a racy memoir of reporting undercover in Modi 's Gujarat . Rana Ayyub , formerly with Tehelka , posed as ‘ Maithili Tyagi ' , a USA-born filmmaker and interviewed key figures in the state , including senior police officers . Tehelka 's first such sting by Ashish Khetan , Operation Kalank , has been used as valuable evidence in key trials in the state .
In this excerpt from the book , Ashok Narayan , the state home secretary during the 2002 pogroms , speaks .
A look at a few Social Security myths and misunderstandings . ( Photo : Thinkstock )
Social Security remains a confusing topic , and misconceptions could multiply as the presidential campaign swings into high gear . Though the leading candidates have n't yet turned this into a prominent campaign issue , it 's bound to gain more visibility . Here 's a look at a few myths and misunderstandings , and a couple accurate claims , you might hear on the election trail or elsewhere :
• Social Security is heading toward bankruptcy .
False , though the answer somewhat depends on how you define bankruptcy . Social Security will have money to pay retirement benefits for decades to come , even if needed reforms are not made . It 's just that the program wo n't have the means to meet all its scheduled obligations . Social Security 's trustees estimate the program , in the absence of reforms , will be able to pay only about 75 cents on the dollar by 2034 .
Reforms still can be made to strengthen Social Security , and the sooner they 're made , the better . `` The program is getting close to the point of no return , '' said Marc Goldwein , senior policy director at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
• Everyone has Social Security assets held in a personal investment account .
False . Social Security is n't an investment fund but , rather , a pay-as-you-go system that transfers money from workers to retirees . `` The taxes paid by today 's workers and their employers do n't go into dedicated individual accounts , '' noted Pew Research in a report . `` Nor do Social Security checks represent a return on invested capital . '' Yet nearly one-third of Americans believe they have dedicated Social Security accounts , according to a 2014 Pew survey .
• Social Security will be around for today 's young adults .
True . Despite skepticism felt by many young adults that they 'll ever see any money from Social Security , and despite the well-known funding problems that could result in benefit cuts , the program will keep going unless Congress dismantles it , which is n't likely . `` Saying Social Security wo n't exist is n't true and wo n't help the debate , '' said Goldwein .
• Social Security would have remained solvent if Congress had n't raided the trust fund .
False . The trust fund refers to a surplus of $ 2.8 trillion that has been building for the past three decades , from payroll-tax revenue exceeding benefit payments over that period . The surplus is stored in special Treasury bonds , but so what ? It 's largely an `` accounting fiction , '' not money stashed away for future generations , wrote Paul Solman , co-author of Get What 's Yours , a book explaining Social Security benefits . These surpluses will start to shrink in coming years .
The money has been used to fund other government programs , so in a sense it could be argued that Congress and various administrations raided the trust fund , said Goldwein . However , the full $ 2.8 trillion still is owed by the government to Social Security and most projections assume it will be repaid through some combination of reduced government spending , tax increases or federal borrowings .
• Taking a big IRA withdrawal can make your Social Security benefits taxable .
True . So can other sources of taxable income .
If Social Security is your only source of income , your benefits probably wo n't be taxable . But if you have other income , some of your benefits might be taxable . For example , many people who diligently saved using a traditional IRA could get hurt by mandatory withdrawals , which start after investors reach age 70½ .
• If you 're working while receiving Social Security , you will lose benefits .
Mostly false . Some benefits will be reduced , assuming you 're still below full retirement age ( between 66 or 67 for most people now employed ) .
How much gets deducted depends on your age and how much you earn . For 2016 , if you remain below FRA throughout the year , the Social Security Administration will deduct $ 1 in benefits for each $ 2 earned above $ 15,720 . If you reach FRA during 2016 , it will deduct $ 1 for every $ 3 earned above $ 41,880 .
However , these benefits are n't lost but delayed . After reaching full retirement age , your benefits will increase to account for amounts withheld earlier . And once you reach full retirement age , you get to keep all your benefits , even if you 're still working .
Reach Wiles at russ.wiles @ arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8616 .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1TesT6Q
A University of Illinois student from Gurnee committed suicide by setting himself on fire early Wednesday morning at the campus ' performing arts center , according to the Champaign County coroner .
By the time emergency personnel arrived , the 21-year-old man had severe burns on his entire body and was likely dead , according to university police spokesperson Pat Wade .
A gas can was found next to his body .
`` Our initial investigation indicates that this was a suicide , '' Champaign County Coroner Duane Northrop said in a press release . `` At this time we believe that … he used gasoline to set himself on fire . ''
Patrol officers responded at around 2:47 a.m. Wednesday to the outdoor amphitheater of the Krannert Center for the Performing Arts , 500 S. Goodwin Ave. , in Urbana . The Urbana Fire Department responded and extinguished the fire .
The Champaign County Coroner 's Office and the University of Illinois Police Department are investigating the death . Northrup conducted an autopsy Wednesday and preliminary results showed burns on his airway and lungs due to the fire . Toxicology results are pending .
Northrup said the student 's parents have been notified , but the student 's name will not be released until dental comparison results come back and can positively confirm identification , according to a press release . Dental comparison results might take several days to complete .
Ashlyn Green , a sophomore studying linguistics , lives in the Busey-Evans residence hall two blocks from Krannert . She said she had her window open when she smelled something burning and heard sirens approaching . She thought it was just a building fire nearby .
`` It 's really upsetting , '' she said . `` Obviously I 'm not the victim here , and I do n't know the person , but it 's really disturbing that it happened so close to where I live and that someone could be in so much distress that they 'd kill themselves in such an excruciating way . ''
Megan Jones is a freelance reporter for the News-Sun .
Frugal Install Tiny Core Linux
0 . Introduction
The first step before you install any operating system such as Tiny Core is to back up everything on your computer before starting .
Before making the commitment to perform a frugal install you should consider our Quick and Easy Overview . It covers the basics of running Tiny Core from CDROM and/or USB pendrive . Most will find learning Tiny Core the quick and easy way a better starting point .
But for those who are ready to take the plunge to frugal , this guide shows step by step information on how to install TC via the installer . The older instructions for a manual installation are still available , but using the installer is recommended .
The guide assumes you 've either booted the CorePlus CD , or have installed the tc-install extension ( tc-install.tcz )
Keep in mind that this guide is basic and that the user may choose to adapt , remove and/or add parts as desired .
The installer is also applicable to USB sticks and other external media .
Note : If you already have a Linux System booting , then you do not need to make a partition for Tiny Core ! Tiny Core can run in a single directory in your existing Linux installation . To do so , at step 1 , uncheck the option to `` Install boot loader '' . At step 2 , select an existing partition , and at Step 3 , do not format it . Upon completion you will need to manually configure your existing boot loader .
1 . Start the installation
Open the installer :
It can also be started via the shell or Run icon by typing `` tc-install '' .
2 . Browse to the installation files
Browse to /mnt/device/boot and select the core.gz file .
With the source selected , pick the desired installation type and target . We 're going to install to an empty hard drive .
If using an existing partition , tick the box to mark it active to have it bootable .
3 . Formatting
Format the new partition . It 's recommended to pick one of the ext * options to support linux permissions .
4 . Bootcodes
If you want to use additional bootcodes , enter them now . Otherwise leave this blank .
The example bootcodes set a framebuffer resolution and disable wbar icons .
Note that you can edit them any time after the installation in the bootloader 's config file , usually extlinux.conf .
5 . CorePlus installation options
If you are installing from the CorePlus CD you will see an additional screen asking which extensions from CorePlus you would like to install . Note that you will only see this screen if running the installer from a CorePlus CD .
The selected extensions will be installed .
6 . Tiny Core installation options
If you are installing from the Tiny Core CD you will see an additional screen asking which directory extensions should be installed from . You should select the cde or tce directory that contains the extensions that you would like installed . For example , if the Tiny Core CD is mounted on /mnt/sr0 you should select /mnt/sr0/cde
Note that you will not see this screen if installing from CorePlus .
All extensions from selected directory will be installed .
7 . Install
If everything 's OK , click on proceed :
The time required will depend on the size of your hard drive .
8 . Testing
TC is now installed !
Remove the original CD boot media and reboot .
Note : the system may need to be configured to boot hdX first in the BIOS .
Top astro-boffins are chuffed today to announce that they have detected large amounts of chemicals necessary to birth alien life - not to mention some alcohol - drifting in space around a young star just 400 light-years away .
“ In the protoplanetary disc of gas and dust surrounding the young , newly formed star , we found glycolaldehyde molecules , which are a simple form of sugar . It is one of the building blocks in the process that leads to the formation of RNA and the first step in the direction of biology , ” explains astrophysicist Jes Jørgensen , a professor at Copenhagen uni .
Jørgensen and his colleagues observed the protoplasm-wreathed star using a large new international telescope , the Atacama Large Millimeter Array ( ALMA ) , situated on the barren high-altitude Atacama desert plains in northern Chile . The prof believes that the team has a good handle on just how it can be that the elements of life had formed in outer space , without need of any hospitable Earth-style world as a habitat .
As a Copenhagen uni statement explains :
At first the gas and dust cloud is extremely cold ( only around 10 degrees above absolute zero at minus 273 degrees C ) and simple gases such as carbon monoxide and methane settle on particles of dust and solidify as ice . Here on the particles of dust , the otherwise volatile gases come close to each other and can bond together and form more complex molecules . When the star has been formed in the middle of the gas and dust cloud , it emits heat , and the inner parts of the rotating cloud surrounding the star is heated to around room temperature , after which the chemically complex molecules on the particles of dust evaporate as gas .
The research suggests that the basic bits required to assemble complicated proteins can be formed in a solar system before planets even appear , possibly suggesting that if a hospitable world should come into existence the early strides in the development of life may already have been undertaken . However it 's not at all clear just how space sugar , alcohol etc would interact with planets as they form . What is clear is that more knowledge of space protoplasm can tell us a lot about aliens .
`` One of the big questions is whether it is common that these organic molecules are formed so early in the star and planet formation process – and how complex they can become before they are incorporated into new planets , '' explains Jørgensen . `` This could potentially tell us something about the possibility that life might arise elsewhere and whether precursors to biology are already present before the planets have been formed . ”
The new research is to be published in the journal Astrophysical Journal Letters . ®
SCOUT EXECUTIVE -JAMBOREE JOURNEY
Let 's Pause for this brief Commentary on a Presidential Visit to the Jamboree !
July 24 , 2017
As I have mentioned in a previous post , it is the tradition of the BSA to invite the sitting president to visit the Jamboree , some have accepted some have not , from both parties . As most know , President Trump was invited to attend the 2017 Jamboree and accepted . This was a exciting event for the Scouts and Scouters . Trump delivered , the type of speech I expected , typical Trump , those that love him loved the speech , those that hate him hated the speech , and those in the middle rolled their eyes !
I do n't want to get into politics , but I will say a few things that I think need to be said and those that are demanding the BSA to apologize for inviting trump . Here are what I think are the key points :
1 ) When the BSA starts deciding to not invite a President because the President may say something political , then the BSA loses . It is about the Presidency , not the person in the office , the President of the United States has always been the honorary president of the BSA , no matter their politics , no mater their party , no matter whether they are popular , impeached , resigned or disgraced . It is the right thing to do and we should continue .
2 ) The Scouts in attendance were treated to a true Trump speech , what a lesson in civics and the American way . Those that criticize the Boy Scouts in my opinion disrespect the office of the presidency , ( see point # 3 for clarification ) the BSA and the great American tradition of debate , free speech and diversity of ideas . Hopefully those scouts who did not like what they heard will get involved and work hard in the process to support a candidate that can run against Trump and beat him in the next election . Those scouts who like what they heard , should get involved and work hard to get Trump reelected . What an amazing lesson in American Politics .
3 ) If you do n't agree with what the President said , criticize him , boo him , do whatever you want , but the BSA and the BSA leadership did the right thing , they did it with integrity , they did it with class , they worked hard to give the right talking points . They did America proud , you should be proud of the BSA and proud of the lessons in character we teach , and proud that they did the right thing , at the right time at the right place .
Meet the Press Reporter Chuck Todd said it well in a tweet , `` Please @ POTUS do n't put the Boy Scouts in this situation . Keep politics out of the Jamboree . What a mess . Totally unfair to these kids . ''
Now with that brief commercial interruption , lets go to the sights and sounds of the Presidential visit . Our team did a great job working through all the challenges and pitfalls , here are a few pictures of our team , scouts getting ready , the stadium , and the Trump visit , enjoy this ring side view of America at its Best ! ! !
Airforce One flying over SBR
Air force Run , getting ready to land !
Scouts anticipating the President 's Arrival
Presidential Motorcade pulls into the back of the Stadium
Former Governor Rick Perry , current Secretary of Energy and Eagle Scout steps on stage to get a photo of the crowd .
Trump takes the stage !
Taking in the Crowd
Trump on the big screen
Cabinet Members , Zinke , Perry and Price with President Trump
Recognize any of these folks !
Let Trump be Trump !
Trump finishing up his Speech
Scouts from Trinidad and Tobago
Is this almost over ?
Bryan Wendell ( Bryan on Scouting ) taking a lunch break before the Stadium Show
Great Support from our military , they were imbedded with our team , amazing Americans who love our country and love Scouting , can not imagine putting on a Jamboree with these folks .
Greater Alabama Scout , Camron W .
Sweaty Press Pool awaiting the Secret Service to escort all of us into the stadium
Inside the Stadium , awaiting the President
Scott and Tom in the Press Paddock
Bryan on Scouting with his game face on !
I thanked this soldier for his help after we got back to the Media Tent , he said it was a honor to be here and support the visit of the Commander in Chief to the Jamboree ! What a true American ! ! ! !
Press working hard tweeting the event !
John , Michael and Hayley , having a good time at the Pre-Show
Randy Piland getting just the right photo !
Hopefully I will have time to make a couple more posts before I head out on I will drive a few hours , take a needed rest in a hotel , two weeks in a tent have been enough ! and head home to my beautiful wife Ginger and wonderful daughter Lydia , both of who I miss very much ! !
J.T.Dabbs , III , Scout Executive of the Greater Alabama Council and member of the 2017 National Jamboree Media Team
What a ride ! ! ! !
From the Citizenship in the Nation merit badge pamphlet :
As Scouts fulfill the requirements for this merit badge , they will learn how to become active citizens are aware of and grateful for their liberties and rights , to participate in their governments and protect their freedom , helping to defend their country and standing up for individual rights on behalf of all its citizens .
“ Destrier , ” says the War Robots official site , “ is one of the most durable Light robots. ” 44,000 points ' worth of durability , to be precise .
This was probably true when Pixonic wrote it , but being tied for third place ( alongside the Gepard ) in a field of seven bots is n't exactly something to crow about . Still , the Level 1 Destrier has only 3,000 HP less than best-in-breed Schütze , so if it lags a little it does n't lag much .
On the other hand , a Level 12 Zeus deals 14,891 points of damage in a single , thunderous strike . Three of them , say on a Level 7 Fury , will connect for 44,673 points- more than enough to kill that Destrier . There 's a moment when you one-shot a bot… or hell , even just sizzle off a mere 90 % of their HP in a blink… that you feel like the vehicle of a vengeful deity .
Look on my works , ye Mighty , and despair !
It 's the moments after , I suspect , that have a lot more to say about us . For some , I imagine it 's intoxicating . The only thing more fun than melting someone 's bot like that , is melting another one six seconds later . Long ago I often imagined I could hear the cackles of MagGep clubbers in their voxcomms as they lit new-player-me up like Christmastime .
For others , perhaps there 's a twinge of remorse . Perhaps even a little bit more than that .
Power through . Just collect the data and move up as fast as you can .
Except then the match ends , and you see what “ powering through ” looks like :
This sort of game did satisfy one of the thoughts behind the project- avoiding prolonged clubbing by rising in the ranks as fast as I could . But there was no way I could continue that sort of thing . Besides , on a practical level , the league thresholds are so low in the bottom leagues that I 'd risk blowing through an entire level before getting a large enough sample .
Well , what if instead I took the opposite approach ? I tried to do the “ minimal activity ” route and found , intriguingly , that I was still awarded a league point despite coming in at the bottom of the barrel . No beacons , no squadding , just me… dead last… moving up instead of down .
But that experience opened the door to alternate play modes , and I jumped on through . Just because I was on God-mode did n't mean I needed to play like a God , and if I was able to move up in the standings no matter what I did , well…maybe it was time to get creative .
This was the only hard-and-fast rule I implemented for myself . It was bad enough that my opponents had to chew through the Bots of Legend , so I gave myself a handicap . If they played smart and made beacons a priority , they could triumph on the battlefield even if I was an outsize threat . There are , after all , five beacons on the field , and I could only be in one place at a time . And if my own teammates could n't figure out to prioritize captures , having my help was only going to let them prosper in ignorance .
The only beacons I typically captured were incidental ones . Home beacons off the opening deployment , a nearby beacon in a firefight . If I was unopposed , I 'd go out of my way to pass around a Red beacon .
Longtime readers may recall my joy of Bronze Tier play , and I was able to recapture that for awhile by sidelining the default hangar and buying a few bots from the store . I plunked down for two Cossacks and two Schützes straightaway , dependable options I enjoyed playing the first time around . For my last slot , I opted for a Vityaz , a bot I 'd never played . I ran this setup for a good stretch , until the enemy started to outclass me with solid Mediums and Heavies .
Later , I decided to use my “ fifth slot funbot ” for another bot/setup I 'd never tried before , the long-range Natasha . This much-reviled rig has never fit my style of play , but now that I own a Trebuchet Butch , part of me wished I 'd given it more of a look . Being a longstanding knife-fighter , I 'm neither comfortable nor competent with that playstyle just yet . This was a second chance at training wheels , and while I did n't find much to like about Noricums , the Nashorns and Kang-Daes were a lot of fun for a chance of pace .
Godzilla Mode was a riff on the “ can only be in one place ” theme . In these games , which occurred a little further up the league ladder , I 'd come out swinging with my first bot- and only that bot . Once the Reds rallied and took down the giant monster , I 'd spawn into the next bot and play much more casually . Put another way , all of my offensive effort was frontloaded , which still put me towards the top of the charts but without being overbearingly so . Indeed , I came to regard not finishing first in damage as an accomplishment , since it was a good indicator of the “ natural limits ” of a match .
Being a veteran player with a substantial health pool at my disposal , I 'd often have plenty of time to get the measure of my opponents- typically while under fire . Whenever I encountered players who showed particular skill and bravery in a David-versus-Goliath clash , well , I frequently made sure they 'd have a glorious feelgood moment by vanquishing the big bad . Perhaps that meant firing a little less often , or maybe making myself a little easier of a target , but it had a very “ dungeon mastery ” feel . As a career DM , I 've always enjoyed encounters that pushed the heroes to the limit , but let them triumph through ingenuity , skill , or even sometimes a little luck . Those were the ones talked about years later , not “ you walk into a room full of ten kobolds . ”
Perhaps it was a little scripted , but I guarantee that novice player was fist-pumping as the Lancelot hit the dirt .
On the other hand , those players who showed an irrational obsession with personal safety at the expense of their teammates were priority targets . I remember one player in a Cossack in Dead City particularly well . At the start of the game , he ran up the beacon ramp , capped his team 's beacon , and then wedged himself further in , in nearly full cover . Like a tick , his parasitic play got him a beacon cap and then took him out of the game , leaving his team to fend for themselves .
I noticed him during a particularly intense firefight and sent a few shots his way before being brought down . I spawned into my second bot , and slogged through no-man 's land to get there . I was ascending their home beacon ramp to kill the cowardly Cossack when an enemy respawned and shot me in the back , killing me .
The third bot , though… the third bot had the satisfaction of obliterating the hider . I sent some plasma through the crack he was peeping out of so he knew what was coming , then walked around to the foot of the ramp . And it came . Up , up the ramp I went . He started bullet-hosing me in desperation once I reached his beacon , but justice was swift , terrible- and final .
By the same token , cowardice on my own team was n't tolerated either . In one game I noticed a blue Boa puttering around the outer perimeter of Shenzhen , just strolling along away from the front . Feeling for all the world like an Imperial Commissar , I spent the next minute or so bully-bellying the Boa with my Lancelot towards the center of the city . Once there , he got the hint and started firing .
And then there were the silly things to do that just caught me in the moment , like scenic tours behind enemy lines without actually firing . I did that once and ended up in the enemy spawn area in my Thundorkan Lance . There were a couple of Reds there , who stopped shooting as I just sort of walked around taking it all in . They started at me . I looked at them . Peace in our time .
Then another Red respawned , saw me and opened fire . I melted him down , he respawned again ( peacefully ) , and we all just sort of hung out for a bit .
Other times I 'd walk right up on someone , but attack others nearby and leave my new “ friend ” alone . I 'd then follow my “ friend ” around a bit , fighting everyone else for awhile . Once I even stepped in to cover my “ friend ” from an incoming rocket barrage from my own team , because he was a sliver from death and fighting valiantly .
Things did n't end with the conclusion of battle , either . I 'd often get hosed with fire from my nearby teammates while waiting for the exit screen , but whether it was in celebration of the my perceived role or in protest of the inappropriateness of my appearance , I 'll never know .
Similarly , I 'd get a lot of squad requests from former teammates and enemies , but I declined every one . Were they seeing an opportunity to play remora to a shark , or just wanting to give me an earful ?
All in all , I probably caused a lot more “ WTF ? ” moments or moments of levity than heartache . Yes , I 'd been given the keys to a Ferrari . But that did n't mean I had to put the pedal to the medal to get to where I wanted to go . As any driver will tell you , sometimes the drive is the destination .
It was all a brief moment in time , for each game I played I 'd get closer and closer to the end of the whimsical era of the project . As I ascended the league ranks , the competition grew more challenging and I had to dial back some of the silliness . But being able to stroll around in a Lancelot surrounded by Destriers and the like was a unique experience . Almost like this kind of unique .
And certainly the closest I 'll ever get to the Leaver 's Queue .
For me , the games I 'm writing about are a couple weeks in the rearview mirror , but for everyone else all this has a sense of immediacy . The last couple of days have seen a fair amount of outrage from parts of the War Robots community regarding the “ Pixo-sponsored clubbing ” that Project Bathyscaphe represented . I want to thank everyone who took the time to voice their support or objection , and perhaps the latter especially . I will be the first person to say that I do not make the correct decision all of the time , and I think this classic warning has probably applied to me more than a few times in my life :
Were I to do it again , there are a few things I 'd do differently . I 'd have asked for a more cross-spectrum hangar , so that I could pace through the leagues as quickly as necessary for timely data , but without tilting things so lopsidedly for the other players . In addition , I would have restructured the articles a bit .
Article 1 : “ I could have clubbed like a GOD ! ! ! ! ! ! ” Article 2 : “ But I did n't ! Here 's what I did instead ”
…makes for a nice split in terms of topic break and word count , but it also caused a lot of upsets . That 's on me . In hindsight , I would have started with a lead-in about my “ scrapper 's hangar , ” and how wonderful it felt to play a Silver Lights in a competitive environment again , then led into a “ but let 's walk through the rest of the hangar a moment , shall we ? ” reveal to show what else was on offer . Lesson learned !
In not doing so , I also did Pixonic a disservice . I do believe , at the end of the day , that they would never have granted this opportunity to someone they thought would abuse it . I 'd like to think that their trust was not misplaced , but my choice of article structure obscured that . “ Pixo-sponsored clubbing ” was a takeaway for some , and while I think that 's the wrong conclusion , it 's hard to blame them for that perception . That 's also on me .
At the end of the day , this wasn't- and isn't- about racking up damage , “ blasting n00bz , ” or griefing people . Never was . Rather , about being able to dive into the lower leagues , observe , and eventually surface . With my “ alternate game modes ” I 've had a lot of fun , and the analytical fruits of that will be rolling out very soon .
Thanks for reading !
Delta Air Lines said on Wednesday that it would cut some of its international flights in coming months as the rising value of the dollar eroded revenue abroad .
Delta reported its highest first-quarter earnings and said it would continue to post record profit margins in the next quarters as it benefited from falling oil prices .
In the first quarter , Delta reported net income of $ 746 million , up from $ 213 million in the period last year . Its operating margin in the quarter was 14.9 percent , a level seldom seen in the airline business , largely because of a drop in fuel costs .
The airline , based in Atlanta , said it planned to cut some winter flights as foreign sales weakened . Because of growth in domestic service , however , Delta expects its total capacity in the fourth quarter to remain flat .
The Grad School Gospels is a series of posts inspired by Dirk Hayhurst ‘ s The Bullpen Gospels . In the Bullpen Gospels , Hayhurst tells stories from his struggle to self-actualize through professional baseball . Inspired by Hayhurst and the many commonalities I noticed between the minor league track to the Majors , as he described it , and my experience in the grad school track to cognitive science professorship , I began the Grad School Gospels series .
In this , the fourth , installment of The Grad School Gospels , I speak to how I – a person who had long prided himself on his advanced critical thinking and research abilities – could have fallen into what , for many , amounts to a Grad School Trap .
Dear Prospective Graduate Student ,
If you 're like I was when I was an undergrad and new grad student , you may be wearing rose-coloured star-shaped lenses for grad school . You see the impressive , vaunted ivy-clad buildings that your professors occupy . You feel and see the respect they receive . The idea of being associated with and dedicating your life to the noble cause of expanding the Frontiers of Human Knowledge is almost mystical . You are about to enter what amounts to secular seminary school , where you will spend several years nobly serving as a dutiful missionary for the Church of The Enlightenment . In addition to the tremendous moral satisfaction that you will receive for serving the cause of Enlightenment – not to mention the pride you will feel by telling people that you are a PhD student at the prestigious University of X – you will one day be anointed a Priest of the One True Church . You will be a tenured professor at an esteemed university , a sacred local monument to and generator of the highest and noblest of all human striving : knowledge , democracy , reason , and progress . You will make a name for yourself studying and advancing knowledge on what you want , when you want , with whom you want . When you have an opinion on politics or society , people will listen because of your well-earned standing as Intellectual Titan . And lets not forget how proud Mother will be . Or how blown away the people who jerked you around in high school will be…
Understand that I am not trying to discredit or satirize the academic world here . These are all sentiments that I genuinely held for a time .
Suspension of Critical Thinking and Research Capacities
It would appear that my grad school goggles overwhelmed the same critical thinking and research abilities that I hoped would propel me to greatness . Somehow it never occurred to me to look into the career statistics of cognitive psychologists . Had I , I might have learned that for every tenured faculty member I was taught by , there were unseen ex-graduate students not living the dream . Unseen precisely because they had n't made it . I might have wondered if some of the non-tenured sessional instructors that I was occasionally ( read : frequently ) taught by were perhaps not simply PhDs who worked other jobs but just enjoyed teaching . ( Who enjoys teaching intro statistics to 100 students , 96 of which are taking it purely out of painful obligation ? ) . The far more likely explanation , it turns out , is that most of them were PhDs who – unable to get a tenured position – were struggling to feed their resumes ( and their stomachs ) with whatever academic table scraps and doggy bags they could get their hands on .
Perhaps I should not be quite so hard on myself for having been misled for so long . I had lived my entire life in a culture that unflinchingly endorsed more education as not just a good thing , but the single best , most responsible thing that ambitious forward thinking people could avail themselves of . From early childhood I was praised for studying hard , getting great marks , writing great essays , and for being a great student . I built a personal identity around all of this , an identity I implicitly assumed rested on a foundation that was unshakeable – after all , the entire culture was endorsing it .
Prior to post-secondary education , university was the Gold Standard . Given this , obtaining a PhD would have to be at least diamond , right ? People call you “ Doctor ” !
The Profound Cultural Difference between the Academic and Non-Academic Work Worlds
As a student , your primary socioeconomic playground is school . When you 're in school – grade school , high school , university , professional or grad school – knowledge for its own sake and good writing are explicitly valued and rewarded .
In the working world outside of school , what is rewarded is what makes or saves money . If what you know , can do or can write does not prepare you to contribute more to an organization 's effectiveness than another applicant , an employer might politely nod and commend your diligence , intelligence and accomplishments , but that 'll be about all the reward you get .
The widespread cultural hoopla surrounding higher education . The reverence with which professors and the university establishment are held . The trappings of prestige – the lavish , classy architecture , the ceremonial robes , the fancy crests and Coats of Arms . All of these things and more can serve to pull the wool over the eyes of people who would ordinarily be much more intellectually savvy .
Taking Off My Grad School Goggles
In November 2006 , just a few months into my first year of graduate school in the Cognitive Psychology MS/PhD program at Rutgers University , my delusions began to fall away . The insights – that the academic world is made up primarily of worker ants aspiring to become one of the comparatively few tenured alphas at the top , that I was far from assured induction into this elite club , and that I did n't enjoy what I was doing nearly enough to make it worth doing without the big end-of-the-day payoff – actually came very quick . It only took two days from the first serious chink in the armour of my delusions until I decided that I would abandon the path ( though I did n't actually leave for a few more months , temporarily resolving to at least finish the masters first ) .
Over the next several months after leaving Rutgers , one by one more of the delusions and misapprehensions that I had harboured for years fell away . I came to realize that in the five years I spent in undergrad kicking ass in Psychology and Cognitive Science at the University of Toronto , and the 6-7 months I had spent doing mostly the same at Rutgers , I had acquired little in the way of valuable , marketable skills or knowledge .
Yes , I was – most of the time – a good researcher and critical thinker . And I could write well . But , every year universities pump out many thousands of people who can offer these same skills . I knew a great deal about Psychology and Cognitive Science , but who cares ? I was n't trained to be a therapist . ( Heck , at this point , I was the one who needed a therapist ) . My focus on linguistic cognition did not prepare me for any type of employment in audiology , speech , language or communications . Contrary to popular misconceptions about the field , studying Academic Psychology for more than half a decade will not make you better at understanding the minds of others in any useful sense . I had some background in research , but a big part of the reason for The Grad School Gospels is that there just are n't that many jobs in cognitive and social sciences research , and the ones that are there tend not to be particularly well-paying ( hirers do n't need to offer much money when they receive a hundred applications from Hon BSc grads every time they advertise a position ) .
Really , when it came right down to it , my accomplishments in Psychology and Cognitive Science just did n't matter that much to the rest of the world . ( Is this what a Scientologist feels like when they realize that their having reached OT8 really does n't matter to anyone but Scientologists ? ) . When it comes to hiring , essentially no one but an academic would be particularly compelled by what I could offer them . And if academics were hiring for attractive positions , again , I would n't be writing this .
Like Leaving a Cult
The more layers of delusion I managed to peel away , the more I came to feel that I had n't just left graduate school . In a way , I felt like I had left a cult . A fairly well respected cult , but a cult nonetheless .
Academic Psychology , like any other field , is a social community that has its own lingo , rituals and standard operating procedures , its revered figures , status symbols , status ladders , etc . What can make it cult-like is its insularity . When you 're a graduate student , a post-doc or a professor , you 're expected to dedicate yourself to your work in the field . You do n't DO academics . You BECOME an Academic .
If you 've got work to do , telling your supervisor that you 've already put in 37.5 hours this week is not a passable reason to stop for the weekend . In the best case scenario , you 'll get laughed at . Perhaps more likely , you will be sat down for what will be an important conversation about your priorities and commitment to your work , the lab and academics , and whether you truly want to make it . Until you get up over about 55 hours a week , you probably wo n't even begin to receive sympathy – not that sympathy would necessarily translate into much of a break , anyway . ( And the 30-minute talk about your priorities will not count toward your hours , by the way ) .
And when you relax , you 're often relaxing with other graduate students or non-grad students who – also buying into the cultural lore of higher education – are impressed by what you 're doing . On those fleeting occasions when you are among skeptics of your chosen path , they are probably too polite to call your dreams into question . And what would be the point if they did , anyway ? If you 're like I was , you 'd probably think they just did n't know what they were talking about . After all , YOU are the one who is doing “ important work ” ( as deemed by the cult ) , YOU are the one who “ gets ” to go to school for “ free ” ( putting in well over 40 hours a week toward your studies and work for Poverty Line wages ) , YOU are the one whose almost on a first-name basis with “ famous people ” ( famous within the cult , anyway ) , and YOU will one day be a famous professor yourself ( probably not ) . So they can have fun in the drudgery of their rat race lives , while you seek this more dignified , higher calling ( which , for the next 10 years , will be made up largely of tedious data collection and analysis in windowless basement labs , fierce competition , and watching from a far as your friends from undergrad get paid more for doing less than you do ) .
If you eventually leave Academics , like people who 've left a cult , you may well feel somewhat bewildered out in the non-university world that you had n't really lived in for quite some time . You may feel like you 've been left behind a bit and have to catch up .
* ( This reference works on at least two levels… )
In the next edition of The Grad School Gospels , The Grad School Gospels – Part 5 : The University Graduate Entitlement Complex , I talk about how some recent university grads walk into the work world with a chip on their shoulder – a chip placed there by their elders and cultural upbringing . When one considers the cultural narrative that recent generations have been raised on and the job markets many of them have entered , it should n't be such a surprise that some of them occasionally come off as high-maintenance , self-entitled rookies who act like the world owes them something . These attitudes and expectations did n't come out of nowhere .
OTHER EX-GRAD STUDENT CAUTIONARY BLOGS :
100 Reasons NOT To Go To Graduate School
Leaving Academia/From Grad School to Happiness
Advertisements
“ The case against Jawaharlal Nehru University students ' union president Kanhaiya Kumar does not amount to sedition . India is the largest democracy in the world . Something or the other is said every day in some corner of the vast country . Are we to be affected by this ? What is going to happen to us by mere raising of slogans ? I find it laughable . ”
Advertising
That 's former Supreme Court judge Justice Faizanuddin , who , in 1995 , along with Justice A S Anand delivered the benchmark judgment on the issue of sedition and what constitutes sedition in the Balwant Singh and another versus State of Punjab case ( 1995 ) .
[ related-post ]
Reached for his comments in view of the sharp divide over the Delhi Police 's action to book and arrest JNU student Kanhaiya Kumar for sedition , Justice Faizanuddin told The Indian Express : “ Every bloody issue goes to the highest level , from the Supreme Court to Parliament . It is meaningless and yet everybody gets involved . ''
“ I am an oldtimer , I have old ethics but I do n't agree with what 's happening today , ” the octogenarian , who retired in 1997 , said . Justice Anand could not be reached for his comments .
Advertising
The ruling dealt with sedition charges against Balwant Singh and an accomplice who had raised anti-India slogans in Chandigarh within hours of Indira Gandhi 's assassination on October 31 , 1984 .
The slogans included “ Khalistan Zindabad ” , “ Only the believer shall rule ” and “ we will drive Hindus out of Punjab ; now is the chance to establish our rule ” . The bench , while ruling that mere raising of slogans , a couple of times by two individuals , did not constitute any threat to India , observed that “ .. over-sensitiveness can sometime be counter-productive and can invite trouble . ”
The Bench also came down heavily on the police for exhibiting “ lack of maturity…in arresting the appellants for raising the slogans — which arrest -and act the casual raising of one or two slogans – could have created a law and order situation , keeping in view the tense situation prevailing on the date of the assassination of Smt . Indira Gandhi ” .
“ I will not appreciate a slogan like Pakistan Zindabad , ” said Justice Faizanuddin . “ Even there you can take action but the slogan itself does not amount to sedition . If people raise slogans in support of Afzal Guru or call his hanging ‘ judicial killing , ' let them do so . Just because someone says it 's not going to affect the judiciary . Let people express their opinion , ” adding , “ Be large-hearted . ”
Maintaining , the same spirit two decades later , the former Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta said , “ By not ignoring such slogans ( those raised on JNU campus ) we have enlarged their significance . If nobody had taken notice of the JNU issue nothing would have happened . ”
Criticising what he calls “ touch me not ” approach , he said , “ I do n't think such a narrow view should be taken . When we are living in the 21st century , why should we get troubled by such things ? People talk several things . ”
Appreciating the role of the judiciary , he says : “ I do n't know what would have happened had the Supreme Court not been active . Everything goes to the apex court in the end . Important matters remain pending . Crores are spent on holding parliamentary sessions . Nothing constructive comes out of them . ''
He says , “ Everyday I hear something a Sakshi Maharaj says , somewhere . What happens in the end ? We ca n't go on like that . ”
He wondered what is going to be achieved by prosecuting Kanhaiya and others and wonders , “ What will we lose if we ignore them ? ”
He says the phenomenon of ( invoking sedition ) is irrespective of the party or the government in power . “ If there was some other government they would have taken offence to something else . Our thoughts are not clear . ''
Advertising
Slamming Delhi Police Commission B S Bassi for “ saying one thing today and another tomorrow , '' the judge asks , “ Is the law like that . The accuser has to prove the guilt . ''
PHUKET : The ongoing police blitz against all persons found in possession of , using , transporting or dealing in the local plant kratom has sparked an online debate on whether the ‘ zero tolerance ' policy should be continued .
drugscrimeculturepolice
By The Phuket News
Monday 28 September 2015 , 03:48PM
The people arrested for kratom have range from youths caught with just one leaf to the eleerly with whole trees in their yards . Photos : The Phuket News / file
The incessant reports of kratom-related arrests has raised many an eyebrow in The Phuket News comments section , ranging from full support for the police to comments dismissing some arrests as nothing more than absurd .
Kratom is indigenous to Southeast Asia , and especially Thailand , where it flourishes naturally , and has long been used by Southern Thais as a mild stimulant ; so much so that most grandparents of youths today find nothing ill of the habit of chewing kratom leaves .
However , the Narcotics Control Board has ruled kratom illegal as a Category 5 drug , literally making just as illegal marijuana . That debate still rages on in the US , though several states in the North American nation have already legalized the possession and use of ganja for recreational purposes .
In stark contrast , kratom 's counterpart in Northeastern Thailand , the famed betel leaf ( called maak in Thai ) , as of today remains fully legal and untaxed due to its “ cultural heritage ” .
In light of this conundrum , The Phuket News asks its readers : “ Which of the following views on the current drug-enforcement policy on kratom best describes you ? ”
Responses available are :
All drugs are bad , and kratom is no exception . Police should continue to crack down on users , mules and dealers .
Some drugs are bad , other drugs like kratom are less so . Police should focus on busting major dealers instead of mules and small-time users .
Thailand should consider ending its war on drugs completely , and instead reap the benefits from regulation and taxation .
I have no opinion on this and/or do n't know enough about illegal drugs in Thailand .
To cast your vote , click here .
The poll will run online until October 12 .
What 's new in this version
2.5.4 * The app will look for `` holes '' in the list comics and download the missing comics * Some refinement to the app 's tile icons 2.5.3 * The app will now always add an image to the comic specific notifications 2.5.2 * Fixed a notification conflict when installing the app 2.5.1 * The app will now only use two column modes when on large screens 2.5.0 * Added an option to get a specific notification for each new comic * Added title of comic to comic display * Tweaked the UI in the settings 2.4.2 - The text in the overlay does n't span the whole width if viewed on a large screen ; makes it easier to read - Sharing now includes the title of the comic instead of the overlay text , makes more sense and it 's easier to share on short message services like Twitter . 2.4.1 - Added new app logo
Best Buy is knocking the price of the original Asus Eee Pad Transformer tablet down to $ 250 for this year 's Black Friday `` Door Buster '' offer , according to leaked ads . The Transformer 's keyboard docking station will also be sold at a discount for the post-Thanksgiving shopping holiday .
Asus 's convertible tablet was recently reported as the best-selling Android tablet , thanks to its versatility and increased battery life with the keyboard dock . The low ( at the time ) $ 400 price point for the tablet and $ 149 for the dock also made the Transformer TF101 one of the least expensive Android tablets at the time .
Since then , however , Android tablet prices have plummeted , with Amazon 's Kindle Fire leading the way with a $ 199 price tag and Barnes and Noble 's competing Nook Tablet selling for $ 250 .
The Transformer is older than these value tablets , but it offers a larger 10-inch display , and the 16GB of storage is twice that of the Kindle Fire ( the Nook also has 16GB of storage ) .
Best Buy 's leaked Black Friday ad reveals an exclusive TF100-X1 model of the Wi-Fi Transformer running Android 3.2 ( Honeycomb ) . Most importantly , we ca n't forget the Transformer 's biggest selling point : the keyboard dock , which Best Buy will offer priced at $ 99 .
At $ 350 for a tablet-laptop combo , the Transformer is definitely an attractive deal -- if you do n't mind having the last-generation tablet . Asus announced the Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime just last week and the new tablet is expected to arrive with much fanfare this December . The Transformer Prime tablet boasts a Nvidia quad-core Tegra 3 processor for faster running of apps , as well as increased storage capacity .
If you do n't want to spend $ 500 for the Transformer Prime , however , you can save a couple of hundred bucks on the Transformer TF101 , as long as you get to Best Buy in time . Doors open at midnight on Black Friday ; according to the ad , each store will have a minimum of ten tablets and four docks . Do n't expect these to last very long .
Follow Melanie Pinola ( @ melaniepinola ) and Today @ PCWorld on Twitter .
`` Stock Photo : Police With A Weapon , A Special Unit '' on Shutterstock : http : //tinyurl.com/lqt6vuy
Heavily-armed , masked paramilitary forces descended upon the Gogebic Taconite mining site in Wisconsin over the weekend , much to the chagrin of local residents and elected officials .
“ I 'm appalled , ” state Sen. Bob Jauch ( D ) told The Wisconsin State Journal on Monday . “ There is no evidence to justify their presence . ”
Jaunch sent a letter to Gogebic President Bill Williams on Monday demanding the company remove the guards , which he called “ common in third world countries , ” but stressed that “ they do n't belong in Northern Wisconsin . ”
The company brought in the paramilitary forces after being confronted by a group of about 15 protesters in June . At least one of the demonstrators , a young woman , was hit with misdemeanor charges for trying to take a camera away from one of the company 's geologists . Gogebic claims they 've since caught several people illegally camping on their property and did not want to take any chances .
The company hired by Gogebic is Arizona-based Bulletproof Securities , which boasts that many of their employees are ex-military and many of their clients are celebrities and government officials . They certainly look the part , too : photos of Bulletproof guards at the Gegebic site published by the Wisconsin progressive blog Blue Cheddar show men who look very much like special forces soldiers , complete with assault rifles and black masks .
“ Do they have the authority to use those weapons ? If so , on whom ? ” Jauch asked the Journal . “ I do n't know if there 's a hunting season right now except maybe for rabbit , but you shoot a rabbit with that , all you 'll end up with is fur . What would you use those weapons for except to hurt somebody ? ”
The mining site they 're protecting in the Penokee Mountains is highly controversial and critics say in violation of a treaty with Native Americans .
Video shot by Wisconsin-based website Indian Country TV over the weekend featured at least one of the paramilitaries wearing full camoflage and a military-style net over his face — an image that would have been completed by an assault rifle , if he had n't left it sitting on the passenger 's seat of his vehicle , right next to a cameraman .
“ What happened to your fancy guns ? ” the cameraman asked . “ Look at that . Very close by . Who are you going to shoot ? ”
“ It 's a security protocol , ” the guard replied , refusing to provide his name or his employer 's name .
“ You 're being caught up in a national phenomenon , ” the cameraman informed the guard . “ We 've got reporters calling from all over the country wondering about the occupation of Penokee Mountains Heritage Park by people who 've got automatic weapons . And the question is , ‘ Why ? ' ”
A spokesperson for Gogebic told The Cap Times on Tuesday that they 're considering restricting their drilling sites from public access , which would n't be an option until December when the state begins accepting applications .
This video is from Indian Country TV , published July 7 , 2013 .
——
[ “ Stock Photo : Police With A Weapon , A Special Unit ” on Shutterstock . ]
( H/T : Talking Points Memo )
With Syrian forces reported to be moving on areas around Syria 's second city , Aleppo , the cause of so-called liberal interventionism appears to be receiving a boost . `` The regime has chemical weapons and is using them ; we can not stand by , '' goes the argument . Not wishing to frighten the horses with talk yet of `` boots on the ground '' , we hear `` arm the rebels '' instead . Unless we do , says General Salim Idriss , chief of staff of the Free Syrian Army , who seems to command very few troops on the ground , those same rebels will not attend any peace talks .
The first question any sensible politician needs to ask is : `` If we 're doing this , with what kind of weapons shall we 'arm the rebels ? ' What can we provide over and above the more than $ 3bn of weapons supplied by Saudi Arabia and Qatar ? '' Let 's assume that those `` rebels '' who are minimally militarily competent are not jihadists linked to al-Qaida who learned their trade killing British and American soldiers in Iraq .
Let 's also assume , rightly , that jets , artillery and tanks are off the menu . These require years of training . What about `` small arms '' , rifles , mortars and such things ? A batch of past-their-sell-by-date British SA80 rifles will be unwelcome in a country already knee-deep in more suitable Kalashnikovs . What about anti-tank missiles ? The trouble with more effective weapons , such as the UK 's Javelin , is that they need extensive training by experienced soldiers to be useful . Those would be our soldiers .
The same applies for the far more dangerous question of anti-aircraft missiles , known as `` manpads '' in the trade ( man-portable anti-aircraft defence systems ) , all of which require experienced handling . The US , Britain and other countries have made great efforts , but had little success , in trying to track down stray manpads in Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya . In Aleppo or elsewhere , these weapons may well take down a few MIGs or helicopters ; the trouble is that they are even more effective against Airbuses or Boeings .
The next question , and the really uncomfortable one , is : `` What if 'arming the rebels ' has no effect ? '' The Syrian opposition knows very well that no `` game-changer '' weapons are on the agenda . The real objective of the anti-Assad forces is full-scale western military intervention . We need to understand that once we start down the road marked `` arming the rebels '' , we are on a journey that will take us to `` no-fly zones '' , and beyond .
Syria is likely by then to be armed with the latest , and highly effective , Russian missiles . A serving RAF officer recently told me that the Syrian air defence system was `` layered and serious . We would take casualties . '' That means dead or captured British airmen . Our no-fly zone would of course lack UN backing as we have spent the last two years antagonising Russia . We will then hear talk of `` safe havens '' protected by whatever few thousand British troops can be spared from the baleful , sputtering Helmand campaign . A case-hardened US armed forces , backed by an equally reluctant President Obama , are not at all keen to get involved in another Middle East quagmire . They know that once again they will be doing the heavy lifting . We need to get beyond appeals to false analogies : `` remember Bosnia '' – the Bosnian Serbs had the support of clapped-out Serbia – or `` what about Rwanda '' – the killers had no external support at all . We need to be absolutely clear , and clear now , what exactly we are trying to achieve and whether we can in fact achieve it . In other words we need a clear strategy . The last 10 years would indicate that we are not particularly good at that .
( Hello , this is a feature that will run through the entire season and aims to recap the weekend 's events and boils those events down to one admittedly superficial fact or stupid opinion about each team . Feel free to complain about it . )
Take a look at the points leaders on Sunday morning and you will see some fairly incredible things .
Yes , Patrick Kane is a mile ahead of anyone else in an era when no one can score , Erik Karlsson is tied with Tyler Seguin , Sidney Crosby has overcome his slow start to pull up to a point a game , and Johnny Gaudreau is close to it despite being on a rotten team .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
But down in eighth in the league , a point behind Crosby and Gaudreau , sat Joe Thornton . That 's 36-year-old Joe Thornton . That 's almost-got-traded-a-while-ago Joe Thornton . That 's might-be-able-to-do-this-forever Joe Thornton .
Among the great number of things you can say about another amazing season from Thornton is that he 's not in any way a power play specialist , even now . His 2.46 points per 60 minutes of full-strength hockey is seventh in the league among players with 500-plus minutes . His score-adjusted possession number of 56.2 percent is 27th . His share of high-danger chances of 63.8 percent is first . Commensurately , his goals-for percentage ( 72.2 percent ! ! ! ! ! ) is also first . Basically , when he 's on the ice , the Sharks annihilate their opponents at levels typically unseen in the NHL .
In fact , Thornton 's current goals-for percentage is the eighth-best seen in the last nine seasons , and if all you 're looking for in a player is the ability to outscore an opponent , that 'll just about get it done .
Story continues
And when I mentioned that stuff about not just being a power-play specialist — which you often see for high-quality playmakers as they age into their mid-30s — well , he 's still 14th among forwards in power play points per 60 as well , meaning that he has n't lost that touch either . In fact , the Sharks ' goals per 60 minutes of power play time when he 's on the ice is seventh-highest in the league .
So the fact that Thornton does so many things well really ought to have him in the MVP conversation , at any age , let alone with him pushing 37 . This is , in fact , one of the absolute best all-around seasons of Joe Thornton 's entire career , which is saying something given that he 's a 100 percent surefire first-ballot Hall of Famer . But again , you have to consider his age as a majorly impressive factor in all this .
[ Join a Yahoo Daily Fantasy Hockey contest today ]
When you turn 34 or 35 in the NHL , the wheels are liable to come off at any minute . Every summer you choose to come back is a huge gamble , because you might find that , even if you 're under contract , you no longer belong in the NHL . You 'll occasionally see guys try to gut it out and end up looking really bad for it ( Martin St. Louis 's final days in New York , for example ) . And sometimes you see guys give it one last go and decide they just ca n't go any more ( Brett Hull in Phoenix ) .
Thornton has had two such summers already and approaches his third looking like an All-Star . In all , there have been only 237 age-35-plus seasons in the NHL since 2007-08 , and among those players , Thornton is understandably elite . Of that number , a little more than half ( 126 ) are from forwards .
And really , it 's a weird group . You have some high-level players that were still playing because they were still extremely productive ( Rod Brind'Amour , Daniel Alfredsson , Martin St. Louis , Mats Sundin , Jaromir Jagr ) and others who were just grinders eking out a few more paychecks ( John Madden , Tomas Holmstrom , Stu Barnes , Mike Grier ) . There is n't a whole lot in the middle , as you might expect . As such , Thornton 's performance this season is a head and a few shoulders above that group as a whole .
We know by now that Thornton just does n't score goals . Mostly because he does n't shoot the puck . Mostly because he never has to . Among these 35-plus NHLers , Thornton 's individual shot attempts number ( 96 ) is the third-lowest out of all 126 . Now , he 's also played just 64 games versus the full seasons enjoyed by everyone before him , but if the pace does n't change he 'll finish with about 123 , which would still be in the bottom-15 or so .
But again , it just does n't matter . His impact on shot attempt generation is incredible , especially considering he takes so few himself . On a per-60 basis , San Jose takes almost eight more shot attempts when Thornton is on than when he 's off , which is a fairly significant number ( but it 's also only 38th among forwards ; Brad Marchand 's plus-14.01 paces the league ) . And along a similar level , it 's important to note that Thornton is generally a wondrous player when it comes to buoying his team 's shooting percentage .
As an elite playmaker , Thornton puts his teammates in a position to deposit the puck into an open net with far greater ease than most , and as a result his on-ice shooting percentage is almost always going to be higher than the league average . His 9 percent number in this regard since 2007 is fairly illustrative of that , because a .910 save percentage at 5-on-5 would rightly have most goaltenders stapled to the bench . That he does this against everyone over almost 680 games is telling in a way that it is n't for other players . We know that in general , the vast , the vast majority of players have little influence on shooting success over a long period of time , but Thornton is one of those for whom the eye test alone tells us , “ He is not bound by such convention . ”
And with this in mind , while we must acknowledge that Thornton 's goalscoring is only going to continue dropping just as it does for everyone else , it 's unlikely that his assist numbers would do the same . As long as he can distribute the puck , there 's no reason to believe these trends are going to reverse themselves :
Yeah , Thornton is n't going to keep racking up points like he did when he was 28 and 29 — when he led the league in assists , with 92 ( what ? ! ? ) and 67 , respectively — but let 's put it this way : The 92-assist season was actually only his fourth-best assists-per-60 campaign since 2007 . This year is his second-best , and and 2013-14 was No . 1 . The fact that he 's still up above 2 points per 60 at this age is ridiculous , and after a rather down year in on-ice shooting percentage last season , he 's back cruising again . Basically , he 's not going to ever set up goals like he did a decade ago , for a lot of very obvious reasons , but his production has plateaued , and at nearly 37 , that 's actually a good thing .
Again , you never know with summers after the age of 35 , but Thornton might just be one of those rare guys who is able to sustain production , like a Jaromir Jagr , for as long as he chooses to keep playing . One hopes so . The game will be poorer for having lost Thornton at some point in the next several years .
But he should n't go anywhere any time soon .
What We Learned
Anaheim Ducks : The Ducks are now first in their division , and Bruce Boudreau has never in his NHL career coached a full season without finishing first in his division . Give the guy the Jack Adams already .
Arizona Coyotes : The idea of Alex Tanguay scoring twice in a game is bananas . He had n't done it in more than two years .
Boston Bruins : Yo this pass by Brad Marchand is pretty good .
Buffalo Sabres : The Sabres are apparently going to try to acquire a wing for Jack Eichel this summer . That 'll be fun . Well , not for opposing defenses , but you know what I mean .
Calgary Flames : If I know anything about the Calgary Flames , this win means they 're good again .
Carolina Hurricanes : With the way the Bolts have been playing , Carolina should be glad to have even rescued a point on the road in this one .
Chicago : This is just the thing we have to get used to now , right ? Older veteran with a long injury history comes aboard at the deadline and we root for him to win a Cup ?
Colorado Avalanche : Looks like the Avs are gon na miss the playoffs again . Big shock . Big , big shock .
Columbus Blue Jackets : The Blue Jackets wo n't look at tape of their ugly loss on Saturday . Not like that might be instructive or anything .
Dallas Stars : Vern Fiddler is up to 800 NHL games ? Jeez I 'm old .
Detroit Red Wings : Well , that 's one way to put it .
Edmonton Oilers : This is one of about 200 fascinating “ What will Chiarelli do this summer ? ” storylines to monitor closely .
Florida Panthers : Crazy to think the Panthers are only one point clear of third place in the Atlantic . I wonder if ... that 's their actual ceiling .
Los Angeles Kings : The Kings are 9-9-1 since Jan. 20 . The Ducks are 18-1-1 in the same stretch . That 'll do it .
Minnesota Wild : The Wild are winners of four straight . That playoff spot is starting to finally look comfortable . Good luck against Chicago or Dallas or St. Louis , by the way .
Montreal Canadiens : But what if Michel Therrien does n't give any meaningful time on ice to those important young players ? That 's a legitimate question that has to be asked all the time , over and over .
Nashville Predators : The Preds have n't lost in regulation in their last 12 games , which is good for the ol ' playoff certainty . Why is everyone on these insane streaks ?
New Jersey Devils : Well , RIP .
New York Islanders : This seems to address some of the team 's more critical long-term problems .
New York Rangers : If they keep using Eric Staal as their No . 3 center , well , that 's terrifying for other teams .
Ottawa Senators : Imagine considering yourself lucky for beating the Leafs ? Yeesh .
Philadelphia Flyers : Hahahaha .
Pittsburgh Penguins : This is truly embarrassing .
San Jose Sharks : Bet this feels familiar for ol ' James Reimer .
St. Louis Blues : This week the Blues play Chicago , Anaheim , and Dallas . Should separate some wheat from chaff with that stretch .
Tampa Bay Lightning : Time will , in fact , judge us all .
Toronto Maple Leafs : This is a heck of a shot for your first NHL goal .
Vancouver Canucks : Wow , Dan Hamhuis is good . Ca n't believe no one wanted him at the deadline .
Washington Capitals : They 're at 100 points with 17 games left . The Rangers won the Presidents ' Trophy last year with just 113 .
Winnipeg Jets : Mark Scheifele with his first career hat trick , and now he 's up to 20 goals on the year . Not a bad player at all .
Play of the Weekend
This goal from Nick Schmaltz was pretty , pretty , pretty good .
Gold Star Award
AP Photo/Jae C. Hong
Bruce Boudreau , the fastest coach to ever hit 400 wins . He 's real good , folks .
Minus of the Weekend
Photo by Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
What 's great about coach 's challenge is nothing .
Perfect HFBoards Trade Proposal of the Year
User “ DougGilmour93 ” is the big winner this week , baby .
To Tor : Strome , Hamonic , 4th ( Min )
To Min : Kadri , Percy
To Nyi : JVR , Brodin
Signoff
More important than money ? Who IS this ?
Ryan Lambert is a Puck Daddy columnist . His email is here and his Twitter is here .
( All stats via War On Ice unless otherwise noted . )
MORE FROM YAHOO HOCKEY :
As part of its historical revision to GDP , the BEA also had to adjust personal income and spending , with the full results released in today 's July report . What it revealed was striking : over the revised period , disposable personal income for US household was slashed cumulatively by over $ 120 billion to just under $ 14.4 trillion , while spending was revised higher by $ 105 billion , to just above $ 13.8 trillion . There were two immediate consequences of this result .
First , as the following table shows , while government pay has remained roughly flat over the past 3 years , growing in the mid-2 % to mid 3 % range , wages and salaries for private workers have been steadily declining as the blue line below shows , and after hitting a 4 % Y/Y growth in February , wage growth has slumped to just 2.5 % in June , the lowest since January 2014 when excluding the one-time sharp swoon observed at the end of 2016 .
But a more troubling aspect of today 's revision is what the drop in income and burst in spending means for the average household 's bank account : following the latest annual revision , what until last month was a 5.5 % personal saving rate was revised sharply lower as a result of the ongoing downward historical adjustment to personal income and upward adjustment to spending , to only 3.8 % .
In dollar terms , this revision means that a quarter trillion dollars , or $ 226.3 billion , in savings was just `` wiped away '' from US households - if only in some computer deep in the bowels of the BEA buildings - who as a result have that much less purchasing power , and following the revision the total personal saving in the US as calculated by the BEA is now down to only $ 546 billion , down from $ 791 billion before the revision .
This means that either households will have to incur this much incremental debt to continue on the previous spending `` trendline '' , or a quarter trillion in potential growth from the future economy ( recall 70 % of US GDP is the result of consumer spending ) , has just been chopped off .
Source
ESA
Before NASA even existed , science-fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke in 1945 imagined spacecraft that could send messages back to Earth using beams of light . After decades of setbacks and dead ends , the technology to do this is finally coming of age .
Two spacecraft set for launch in the coming weeks will carry lasers that allow data to be transferred faster than ever before . One , scheduled for take-off on 5 September , is NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer ( LADEE ) , a mission that will beam video and scientific data from the Moon . The other , a European Space Agency ( ESA ) project called Alphasat , is due to launch on 25 July , and will be the first optical satellite to collect large amounts of scientific data from other satellites .
“ This is a big step forward , ” says Hamid Hemmati , a specialist in optical communications at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . “ Europe is going beyond demonstrations for the first time and making operational use of the technology . ”
These lasers could provide bigger pipes for a coming flood of space information . New Earth-observation satellites promise to deliver petabytes of data every year . Missions such as the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) already have constraints on the volume of data they can send back because of fluctuations in download rates tied to a spacecraft 's varying distance from Earth . “ Right now , we 're really far from Earth , so we ca n't fit as many images in our downlink , ” says Ingrid Daubar , who works on the MRO 's HiRISE camera at the University of Arizona in Tucson . Laser data highways could ultimately allow space agencies to kit their spacecraft with more sophisticated equipment , says John Keller , deputy project scientist for NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) . That is not yet possible , he says . “ We 're limited by the rate at which we can download the data . ”
Today 's spacecraft send and receive messages using radio waves . The frequencies used are hundreds of times higher than those put out by music stations on Earth and can cram in more information , allowing orbital broadcasts to transmit hundreds of megabits of information per second . Lasers , which operate at higher frequencies still , can reach gigabits per second ( see ‘ Tuned in ' ) . And unlike the radio portion of the electromagnetic spectrum , which is crowded and carefully apportioned , optical wavelengths are underused and unregulated .
Efforts to develop laser communication systems struggled for much of the twentieth century : weak lasers and problematic detectors derailed project after project . But recent advances in optics have begun to change the situation . “ The technology has matured , ” says Frank Heine , chief scientist at Tesat-Spacecom , a company based in Backnang , Germany .
In the 1980s , Europe took advantage of improved lasers and optical detectors to begin work on its first laser communication system , the Semiconductor Laser Intersatellite Link Experiment ( SILEX ) . Equipped with the system , the ESA satellite Artemis received 50 megabits of information per second from a French satellite in 2001and then exchanged messages with a Japanese satellite in 2005 . The project taught engineers how to stabilize and point a laser in space . But it was abandoned after its intended application — a constellation of satellites to provide Internet services — was dropped in favour of the network of fibre-optic cables now criss-crossing the globe .
Since then , Heine 's team at Tesat-Spacecom has created a laser terminal for satellite-to-satellite communication , at a cost to the German Aerospace Center of €95 million ( US $ 124 million ) . The laser , amplified by modern fibre-optic technology , achieves a power of watts — compared with the tens of milliwatts reached by SILEX . In 2008 , terminals mounted on two satellites transferred information at gigabits per second over a few thousand kilometres .
ESA 's Alphasat will extend the range of this laser terminal to tens of thousands of kilometres once it is positioned high in geostationary orbit . Future satellites that sport laser terminals in lower orbits will be able to beam as much as 1.8 gigabits per second of information up to Alphasat , which will then relay the data to the ground using radio waves . Alphasat 's geostationary orbit means that it can provide a constant flow of data to its ground station — unlike low-Earth-orbit satellites , which can commuicate with the ground for only an hour or two each day as they race by overhead . “ Other satellites will be able to buy time on our laser terminal , ” says Philippe Sivac , Alphasat 's acting project manager .
One client will be another ESA mission due to launch this year : Sentinel-1 , the first of several spacecraft to be sent up for Europe 's new global environmental-monitoring programme Copernicus . It will beam weather data to Alphasat until the end of 2014 . At that point , Europe plans to start deploying a network of dedicated laser-relay satellites that will ultimately handle 6 terabytes of images , surface-temperature measurements and other data collected every day by a fleet of Sentinel spacecraft .
But Europe 's space lasers have a significant drawback . Although they can shuttle information between spacecraft , they have trouble talking to the ground — a task that must still be performed by radio waves . This is because these lasers encode information by slightly varying the frequency of light in a way analogous to modulating an FM radio station . A beam modulated in this way is protected from solar interference but is vulnerable to atmospheric turbulence .
“ Laser communication becomes more advantageous the farther out you go . ”
The laser on NASA 's upcoming LADEE mission will communicate directly with Earth using a different approach that is less susceptible to atmospheric interference . It encodes information AM-style by tweaking the amplitudes rather than the frequency of a light wave 's peaks .
NASA hopes that the LADEE demonstration will extend laser communications beyond Earth 's immediate vicinity , to the Moon and other planets . Deep-space missions currently rely on radio transmissions . But radio waves spread out when they travel long distances , weakening the signal and reducing the data-transfer rate .
Laser beams , by contrast , keep their focus , allowing them to shuttle the already greater quantities of information they encode over longer distances without using the extra power needed by radio transmitters . “ Laser communication becomes more advantageous the farther out you go , ” says Donald Cornwell , mission manager for the Lunar Laser Communication Demonstration project on LADEE at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
In 1992 , the Galileo probe , on its way to Jupiter , spotted laser pulses sent more than 6 million kilometres from Earth . A laser on Earth pinged the Mars Global Surveyor in 2005 . Another struck the MESSENGER mission en route to Mercury , which responded with its own laser pulses . In January this year , the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter received the first primitive message sent by laser to the Moon — an image of the Mona Lisa that travelled pixel by pixel in a sort of Morse code .
LADEE carries NASA 's first dedicated laser communications system . With a bandwidth of 622 megabits per second , more than six times what is possible with radio from the distance of the Moon , the system can broadcast high-definition television-quality video . But even though its AM optical system is good at penetrating Earth 's turbulent atmosphere , it will still need a backup radio link for cloudy days when the laser is blocked . To minimize this problem , LADEE 's primary ground station is in a largely cloudless desert in New Mexico , with alternative sites in two other sunny spots : California and the Canary Islands .
GDC 2015 is a major milestone in a long term collaboration between Mozilla and the world 's biggest game engine makers . We set out to bring high performance games to the Web without plugins , and that goal is now being realized . Unity Technologies is including the WebGL export preview as part of their Unity 5 release , available today . Epic Games has added a beta HTML5 exporter as part of their regular binary engine releases . This means plugin-free Web deployment is now in the hands of game developers working with these popular tools . They select the Web as their target platform and , with one click , they can build to it . Now developers can unlock the world 's biggest open distribution platform leveraging two Mozilla-pioneered technologies , asm.js and WebGL .
What has changed ?
Browser vendors are moving to reduce their dependency on plugins for content delivery , with Chrome planning to drop support for NPAPI entirely . Developers such as King , Humble Bundle , Game Insider , and Zynga are using Emscripten to bring their C and C++ based games to the Web . Disney has shipped Where 's My Water on Firefox OS , which was ported using the same technology . Emscripten allows developers to cross-compile their native games to asm.js , a subset of JavaScript that can be optimized to run at near native speeds . However , this approach to Web delivery can be challenging to use , and most of these companies have been working with in-house engines to achieve their goals . This has put some of the most advanced Web deployment techniques out of reach of the majority of developers , until now .
The technology is spreading
Browser support for the underlying Web standards is growing . WebGL has now spread to all modern browsers , both desktop and mobile . We are seeing all browsers optimize for asm.js-style code , with Firefox and Internet Explorer committed to advanced optimizations .
“ With the ability to reach hundreds of millions of users with just a click , the Web is a fantastic place to publish games , ” said Andreas Gal , CTO of Mozilla . “ We 've been working hard at making the platform ready for high performance games to rival what 's possible on other platforms , and the success of our partnerships with top-end engine and game developers shows that the industry is taking notice . ”
Handwritten JavaScript games : can you spot the difference ?
At GDC , Mozilla will be showcasing a few amazing examples of HTML5 using handwritten JavaScript . The Firefox booth will include a demonstration of a truly ubiquitous product called Tanx , developed by PlayCanvas . It runs on multiple desktop and mobile platforms . It can even be played inside an iOS WebView , launched within Twitter . Gamepad and multiplayer support are also part of the experience . Mozilla will in addition be featuring The Marvelous Miss Take by Wonderstruck and Turbulenz . This title is soon to ship on both Firefox Marketplace and is available on Steam today . For Steam distribution , the HTML5 application is packaged as a native application but you would be hard pressed to know it .
Not done yet
Mozilla is committed to advancing what is possible on the Web . While already capable of running great game experiences , there is plenty of potential still to be unlocked . This year 's booth showcase will include some bleeding edge technologies such as WebGL 2 and WebVR , as well as updated developer tools aimed at game and Web developers alike . These tools will be demonstrated in our recently released 64-bit version of Firefox Developer Edition . Mozilla will also be providing developers access to SIMD and experimental threading support . Developers are invited to start experimenting with these technologies , now available in Firefox Nightly Edition . Visit the booth to learn more about Firefox Marketplace , now available in our Desktop , Android , and Firefox OS offerings as a distribution opportunity for developers .
To learn more about Mozilla 's presence at GDC , read articles from the developers on the latest topics , or learn how to get involved , visit games.mozilla.org or come see us at South Hall Booth # 2110 till March 6th . For press inquiries please email press @ mozilla.com .
Story highlights South Korean health official says outbreak has `` leveled off '' there
Patient in Thailand had traveled to Bangkok from the Middle East to receive treatment for heart disease
He is being treated in Bangkok ; his condition is said to be stable
( CNN ) Thailand has confirmed its first case of MERS , representing a further spread of the deadly respiratory disease from the Middle East to eastern Asia , Thai Public Health Minister Rajata Rajatanavin said Thursday .
A man was diagnosed with MERS after he traveled to Thailand from a Middle Eastern country on June 15 , Rajatanavin said .
He was being treated in a private hospital in Bangkok on Thursday where his condition was said to be stable .
Thailand would be the 26th country with confirmed Middle East respiratory syndrome cases since the disease was identified in Saudi Arabia in 2012 .
The patient was in Thailand to receive treatment for heart disease , and was taken to the hospital when he displayed flu-like symptoms .
Read More
The state of Mississippi ranks 50th in the average salary it pays its public school teachers . There 's also , you know , the deep history of poverty and racism and deprivation . So perhaps it is no surprise that Mississippi 's public schools are exceedingly quick to arrest students for the most trifling violations .
A new report from the Advancement Project , a civil rights group , says that Mississippi 's schools place kids in a `` pipeline to prison , '' using the juvenile criminal justice system as a replacement for normal school discipline . ( The state is tops in paddling ! ) The report includes a litany of minor incidents that ended in outrageous punishments , like the five year-old who was sent home in a police car for `` violating dress code '' for not having black shoes , even though his mom had tried to color his shoes with a black marker .
The report is more of a summary of widely-known problems than a groundbreaking new issue being raised for the first time . From the NYT :
In August , the Justice Department released a letter of findings charging that the police in Meridian routinely arrested children at schools without probable cause , merely on the referral of school personnel . The letter found that students had been incarcerated for `` dress code violations , flatulence , profanity and disrespect . ''
Woke up , went to school , went to jail for farting . Mississippi , goddamn .
[ The full report . Photo of James Meredith , who might be disappointed in the progress of the past 50 years : AP ]
Buy Photo Students Luis Del Moral ( back ) , 15 , of Sycamore , and Connor Jones ( front ) , 19 , of Williamstown , Ky. , grieve after a scheduled training session on a bench outside of Japanese Karate-Do Dojo in Symmes Twp . Saturday . Del Moral , a student of fallen police officer and Sensei Sonny Kim for 10 years , and Jones a student of Kim 's for 15 years , honored their mentor by attending his scheduled workout Saturday morning . ( Photo : Sam Greene , The Enquirer/Sam Greene ) Buy Photo
The call came in at 9:03 a.m. Friday – an urgent description of a belligerent man with a gun .
Seven minutes later , a second call followed , and after that , the normally peaceful intersection of Roe Street and Whetsel Avenue in Madisonville descended into chaos .
When it was over , Cincinnati Police Officer Sonny Kim – a decorated and well-liked cop of 27 years – was dead . The father of three was n't supposed to be on duty Friday , but he 'd been tapped to work overtime in a city that 's combating an uptick in crime .
Also killed was 21-year-old suspect Trepierre Hummons , who police said made those 911 calls on himself while pretending to be a simple bystander . He wanted to die at an officer 's hand , Police Chief Jeffrey Blackwell said , and had even texted friends about his plan .
Hummons left what appears to be a farewell message on his public Facebook page that read : `` I love every last one of y'all to whoever has been in my life ... you 're the real mvp . '' The time stamp on the message was 8:55 a.m .
While the events leading up to Kim and Hummons ' deadly meeting Friday are still being sorted , the aftermath is clear : Kim became the first Cincinnati officer killed in the line of duty since 2000 , and Hummons , the 29th civilian killed by an officer since then .
The incident left a usually quiet neighborhood – one dotted with churches and filled with children who feel safe playing in their front yards – on edge .
It left friends of Hummons confused and angry , yelling at officers at the scene and condemning police on social media .
And it left a police department in mourning for a decorated officer that Blackwell called `` one of our best . ''
`` We lost a brother today , '' Blackwell said . `` Our hearts are broken . ''
CLOSE Cincinati Police Chief Jeffrey Blackwell remembers fallen Cincinati Police Officer Sonny Kim . The Enquirer/Glenn Hartong
Share your condolences
Ominous warnings , then a gunfight
Trepierre Hummons ( Photo : Provided )
The seeds of the confrontation may have been planted just after midnight Friday , about nine hours before the shooting started . Police say that 's when a woman filed a sex offense report against Hummons .
Hummons ' mother would later tell police her son was having trouble with his girlfriend and was n't behaving like himself . Early that morning , he 'd sent an ominous text message to friends : `` I really love you and thank you for all you 've ever done for me . ''
Hummons was no stranger to police . He spent three months in juvenile detention four years ago , when he was 17 , after robbing a man 's home at gunpoint and then stealing his car . His adult record included numerous traffic tickets and a disorderly conduct charge .
Police said he also was a member of the Clutch Gang , which operates in Madisonville .
His mother , though , just wanted to find her son . She went looking for him sometime before 9 a.m. and found him in the street , shortly before Kim arrived .
As Hummons approached Kim , police say , Hummons ' mother stood between the two men and told Kim , `` I 'll take him home . '' Then her son drew his gun . And Kim - who was wearing an armored vest - drew his .
A map of where the shooting occurred . ( Photo : Mike Nyerges )
Hummons shot Kim multiple times and , soon after , wrestled away the officer 's Smith & Wesson semi-automatic handgun , police say . He then began shooting at a probation officer who had stopped to assist on his way to work .
Another police officer , Tom Sandmann , came under fire as soon as he arrived on the scene . While Hummons ' mother tried to help the dying Kim in the street , her son turned Kim 's gun on Sandmann and began firing , police say .
Sandmann took cover behind his car , returned fire and fatally wounded Hummons .
Then came the frantic radio calls .
`` Attention all cars and departments , '' the dispatcher said . `` Officer down . ''
From South Korea to Cincinnati
Officer Sonny Kim ( Photo : Provided )
Kim , 48 , was a South Korea-born immigrant who came to the United States in 1973 . Raised in Chicago , he moved to Cincinnati in 1986 , Blackwell said .
Two years later , he joined the city police force , where he earned 22 commendations over the years and was praised in 2012 by the U.S. Department of Justice for his service .
He had another love , too : karate . In March 2014 , he dovetailed his two passions during an interview with the online karate magazine The Shotokan Way .
`` As a police trainer , we have a saying which is : 'You will perform how you train , ' '' Kim told the magazine . `` The point I want to make is you must also train your karate under pressure , consistently and physically hard , to have a better chance to overcome and survive under duress . ''
But as seriously as he took his training , his friends on the force said Kim was best known as a fun guy .
`` He was always joking around , '' said Cincinnati Police Sgt . Stephen Hoerst . `` We were just at the range with him the other day . Afterward , you have to clean your gun and he was joking around like , ' I 'll buy your lunch if you clean my gun . ' ''
His fellow officers called him Bruce Lee , but with a caveat : `` Bruce Lee is all serious , and he was a complete cut-up , '' Hoerst said .
On Friday , though , those who knew him , and many who did n't , remembered Kim as a hero .
`` If you want to kill yourself , do it , but you ca n't take one of our men with you , '' Mayor John Cranley said . `` There is a deep injustice when people believe they can shoot at police officers .
`` I pray for God 's help to restore justice and to bring peace to the Kim family . ''
Shooting shatters neighborhood peace
When Jen Walters heard the noise , she could n't quite place it .
Pop , pop , pop .
She thought maybe the mid-morning noise was construction work . Surely , it could n't be gunfire . Neighborhood children were playing outside , and Walters ' dog Scout and her nine chickens were puttering about her yard .
But then she heard sirens , and another round of pop , pop , pop . This time , Walters heard 10 , maybe 20 , in succession – followed by the panicked cries of children as they ran to a nearby apartment building for cover .
She watched as officers swarmed the scene , as ambulances arrived and as she and her neighbors were ordered to stay inside the homes .
`` The officers who got here were crying , '' she said , her voice shaking .
Hummons ' friends and family said they were stunned , too . Nadia Everage , Hummons ' 22-year-old sister , said the allegations she 's hearing do n't jibe with the brother she knows .
`` This whole incident , I 'm in disbelief , '' said Everage .
Officers mourn fallen brother
Officers fought to save Kim 's life on the street before he and Hummons were transported to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center .
There , dozens of police officers gathered outside in a steady rain . They hugged and comforted one another as they kept a somber vigil .
By noon , word that Kim had died was starting to spread , which Blackwell confirmed at a news conference a half-hour later .
`` CPD lost one of its best today , '' he said . `` We lost a brother , but right now my heart is broken more for his sons , who lost a father , and his wife , who lost a husband . ''
City Manager Harry Black said the city would honor Kim .
`` This is a stark reminder that all jobs are not created equal , '' said Black , adding that police officers `` have the courage and conviction to do what many of us might not be prepared to do – that is , to sacrifice their lives if necessary . ''
That hero 's treatment began with the officers outside of the hospital . Even after Kim 's death was announced , they stood together in the rain .
An ambulance pulled up to the hospital at about 1:15 p.m. , nearly four hours after the shooting . Kim 's body was loaded inside , and the officers snapped a silent salute .
Emotions were still raw hours later , when police gathered for a vigil outside District 2 police headquarters . About 200 people showed up , and some questioned whether the vigil should be for both Kim 's family and Hummons ' family .
In the end , religious leaders offered prayers for both .
Enquirer reporters : Henry Molski , Kevin Grasha , Emilie Eaton , Fatima Hussein , Jeanne Houck , Carrie Blackmore Smith , Cameron Knight
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/1LjyoPt
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) - A Georgia university is investigating a campus fraternity after one of its members was linked online to an email with instructions on attracting “ rapebait ” to parties .
The email , which had been circulating on the Internet , appears to come from a member of the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity at the Georgia Institute of Technology , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported .
It claims to offer tips on how to “ succeed ” at parties . “ If you are talking to a brother of your pledge brothers when there are girls just standing around , YOU ARE OUTTA HERE ! ! ! ” the email reads .
In a statement on Tuesday , Georgia Tech spokesman Matt Nagel said the school is looking into the email .
“ The Institute does not condone this type of behavior and continues to provide resources and education designed to create a supportive campus environment for all students , even those who exercise extremely poor judgment , ” the statement said .
Phi Kappa Tau 's national office said in a statement that it has suspended the student , pending the outcome of the investigation .
The email is “ extremely inappropriate and does not reflect the values of the Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity , ” it said .
In July 2016 , a number of social media users either lamented or questioned claims that the mother of Mike Brown ( a black teenager controversially shot and killed by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri ) , Lesley McSpadden , had been invited by Hillary Clinton to speak at the Democratic National Convention ( DNC ) .
One of the more prominent items published about McSpadden 's purported speaking role appeared on The Blaze :
We already know that Democrat convention kicking off on July 25 will be a heinous pagan spectacle where the attendees will , as they 've done in the past , cry out in rebellion against God and truth , and cheer as they hand the nomination to a lying crook who hates this country and everyone who lives here . That much we must expect . It 's hard to imagine that any specific moment will stand out as more debased or diabolical than the next , but I have an early candidate for that distinction : the headlining speech to be delivered by Lezley McSpadden , the mother of Michael Brown . We 've grown so accustomed to blatant race baiting and mob incitement on the part of the Democrats that this move may not seem extraordinary . Indeed , there appear to be very few people making a big deal out of it . And I admit it 's not necessarily surprising that today 's Democrat Party would honor the mother of a violent brute on such an important stage . But that does n't make it any less disgusting , especially considering the current climate . For anyone who may have forgotten by now , Michael Brown was a thief and a thug who tried to kill Officer Darren Wilson . Video evidence , eye witness testimony , and forensic analysis have all confirmed — and both a grand jury and Obama 's own Department of Justice agreed — that Michael Brown was not the victim of a murderous cop . He was , on the contrary , a bully who viciously assaulted an innocent law enforcement officer .
A number of contemporaneous articles similarly criticized McSpadden and her son , so much so that readers became skeptical McSpadden had genuinely been slated to “ headline ” or speak at the DNC :
MIKE BROWN 'S MOTHER TO SPEAK AT DNC CONVENTION – * AFTER SHE ROBS AND BEATS HER MOTHER-IN-LAW * https : //t.co/7BdOfB1nYV @ JohnMahr23 — Rose Dannely ( @ RDannely ) July 20 , 2016
However , it is true that McSpadden is among several mothers of slain children slated to attend and speak at the Democratic convention . McSpadden is not “ headlining ” the event and is to be grouped with several other women as part of 26 July 2016 's “ A Lifetime of Fighting for Children and Families ” day of themed speakers . ( On 25 July 2016 , the DNC 's theme is to be “ United Together ” and feature Bernie Sanders , Michelle Obama , and an immigration activist ) . Fusion
The convention 's schedule lists the group “ Mothers of the Movement ” as featured speakers on Tuesday , July 25 , alongside former President Bill Clinton . The group is made up of the mothers of black men , women and children whose deaths turned them into martyrs and inspired the Black Lives Matter movement . Of the seven victims , four were killed in encounters with law enforcement . The women in the group include : › Gwen Carr , the mother of Eric Garner , who died in a chokehold administered by an NYPD officer . › Sybrina Fulton , the mother of Trayvon Martin , a teenager killed by Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman . › Maria Hamilton , mother of Dontré Hamilton , who was killed by a Milwaukee police officer . › Lucia McBath , mother of Jordan Davis , who was shot by a man at a Florida gas station for playing his music too loud . › Lezley McSpadden , mother of Michael Brown , who was killed by a Ferguson , Mo. , police officer . › Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley , mother of Hadiya Pendleton , a Chicago teenager who was shot while in a park with friends . › Geneva Reed-Veal , mother of Sandra Bland , who died in a Texas jail after being imprisoned for a traffic violation .
McSpadden remains active alongside other mothers of children shot and killed in recent years , and in May 2016 the Associated Press profiled a book she wrote about her son 's life and death :
McSpadden said she had hoped [ Officer Darren ] Wilson would apologize , but he never did . McSpadden has spoken before a United Nations committee at a human rights conference in Switzerland , appeared at presidential campaign events for Hillary Clinton and been featured in a Beyonce video with Trayvon Martin 's mother and others holding photos of their slain loved ones . “ I just do n't look at myself as being an activist or any of those things people try to label me as , ” McSpadden said . “ I 've always just wanted to be treated fair and equal , and that 's what I 'm fighting for , for my son right now . ”
The Atlantic also covered on the DNC 's lineup and discussed the group of mothers ' role in Clinton 's campaign :
Former President Bill Clinton will kick off the second night , but it 's who 'll also be there that 's more notable : the Mothers of the Movement , most of whom have children who 've died from gun violence , at the hands of police , or both . The women have served as powerful surrogates for Clinton in recent months , telling their stories in primary states and campaign stops all across the country . The New York Times described in April how their testimony has helped Clinton : Having these women by her side has provided Mrs. Clinton with powerful and deeply sympathetic character witnesses as she makes her case to African-American voters . And they have given her campaign , an often cautious and poll-tested operation , a raw , human and sometimes gut-wrenching feeling . The presence of the mothers has also proved a shrewd political move , influencing black leaders and lawmakers to back Mrs. Clinton .
Washington station WAMU provided additional context for McSpadden 's appearance :
Tuesday : A Lifetime Of Fighting For Children And Families
Featuring President Bill Clinton and Mothers of the Movement Gavel time expected at 4:00 p.m. Tuesday will feature the roll call vote and how Hillary Clinton has spent her entire career working to make a difference for children , families and our country . The Mothers of the Movement participating include Gwen Carr , mother of Eric Garner ; Sybrina Fulton , mother of Trayvon Martin ; Maria Hamilton , mother of Dontré Hamilton ; Lucia McBath , mother of Jordan Davis ; Lezley McSpadden , mother of Michael Brown ; Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley , mother of Hadiya Pendleton ; Geneva Reed-Veal , mother of Sandra Bland .
It is true Lesley McSpadden is among “ Mothers of the Movement ” speakers slated for 26 July 2016 's “ A Lifetime Of Fighting for Children and Families ” themed night at the DNC . She 's listed along with the mothers of Eric Garner , Sybrina Fulton , Jordan Davis , Dontre Hamilton , Hadiya Pendleton , and Sandra Bland , not as a headliner but nor a highlighted speaker but as part of a large group of women who lost children and adult children in incidents that sparked the Black Lives Matter movement .
The Patio Theater , 6008 W. Irving Park Road , was sold to Eddie Carranza last December . View Full Caption Flickr/wjcordier
PORTAGE PARK — David Feller remembers summer nights as a kid , when he would walk up Austin Avenue to check which blockbusters had reached the dazzling marquee and cavernous chambers of the Patio Theater .
`` That was where I saw 'Jaws ' and 'Star Wars ' for the first time , ' '' said Feller , now president of the West Portage Park Neighbors Association .
Four decades later , he said , little has changed . And that 's the problem .
`` I do n't think the previous owners , or this one , have put one dollar into that building , '' Feller said . `` It looks the same as it did when I was a kid . ... They have n't done anything with it . And now the outside looks like a dump . ''
Opened in 1927 , the theater can hold 1,494 spectators . View Full Caption flickr/Emily Barney
It 's been a year since the property , at 6008 W. Irving Park Road , was bought by Eddie Carranza , who vowed to keep the lights on after the Kouvalis family ended their 28 years in charge . In that time , the theater has been mostly limited to community meetings and vintage film screenings .
Meanwhile , neighbors like Feller and Ald . Nicholas Sposato ( 38th ) have been left wondering what the new owners can do to draw larger crowds to the 89-year-old venue .
`` I know they 're trying , but I wish there were more things happening there , '' Sposato said . `` I know it 's not so easy to get top-notch entertainers in there , but you 're not going to make money by showing 'Bambi ' and charging $ 5 for it . ''
Sposato granted the theater a liquor license in August , after initially hesitating .
Although Carranza delegates management of the theater to the Portage Theater Group , neighbors were suspicious of the property owner 's checkered operating history on the Northwest Side .
City officials moved to revoke Carranza 's liquor license at the Congress Theater in Logan Square after they flagged five separate illegal incidents involving drugs between September 2011 to April 2012 . His stewardship of the Portage Theater also drew heat from Ald . John Arena ( 45th ) , who called it `` a recipe for disaster '' before Carranza ultimately sold the building in 2015 .
And in October , McHenry County officials yanked the liquor license from Plum Tree National Country Club , a property Carranza owns in suburban Woodstock .
Four months after securing its license , the Patio still has n't begun pouring drinks . The venue 's chief operator , Charlie Burns , is `` preparing the theater 's infrastructure for the sale of beer and liquor and should have that ready in the next month or so , '' he wrote in an email .
An operational bar will `` help pay the costs of maintaining the building while attracting comedy acts and other events where selling alcohol is appropriate , '' Burns said .
In the meantime , business owners around the crowded intersection are itching for the extra traffic .
`` It 's got great potential , and we 've been really excited about some of the events they 've done there , like screening classic Chicago movies , '' Melissa Basilone , who runs the Irving Austin Business District with her husband Joe , said in October . `` But we need to see some consistent programming there , and it has n't been there . It 's a huge opportunity that 's not being taken advantage of . ''
Feller posed a sharper challenge to the managers of the theater .
`` Talk is cheap , but this has the potential to be a tremendous boon to our community , and I want to see them make good on their promises , '' he said . `` You 've got your liquor license . Now what are you going to do with it ?
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here .
Good morning from Augusta .
I hope y'all had a good night 's sleep . Regardless of whether you battle with your pillow or not , I trust you 're better rested than Democratic Rep. Chellie Pingree of Maine 's 1st Congressional District , whose sit-in with colleagues on the U.S. House floor continues despite Republicans coming in at 3 a.m. and adjourning until after Independence Day .
“ The public is demanding action and what House Democrats have been doing is merely an expression of the will of the people , ” said Pingree in a written statement . “ It 's democracy in action . What the Republicans have done is just the opposite of that . ”
Democrats are demanding a vote on a gun control bill that would ban people on the terrorist watch list or no-fly list from buying guns . With Republicans in the majority , there is little or no chance of the House voting in favor of those measures , which means this event is meant to capture the attention of voters headed into the November elections .
However , it 's possible that pressure will mount on House Republicans if the Senate adopts a measure crafted by Maine Sen. Susan Collins , which would give the Department of Justice the authority to deny gun sales to people on one of two government watch lists . The legislation includes a five-year look-back provision that would notify the FBI if someone on the government 's terrorist watch list during that period buys a gun .
Republican Rep. Bruce Poliquin of Maine 's 2nd Congressional District said in a written statement to the Bangor Daily News on Wednesday that he could support Collins ' bill but with some major caveats that could mean he wo n't realistically support the bill . At the top of that list is whether the bill could stand up to scrutiny in a constitutional challenge .
“ Properly implemented , these may have stopped the killer in Orlando , ” said Poliquin . “ Taken with meaningful due process protections , these proposals could be a step in the right direction as long as constitutional provisions remain intact . … I want to make sure that any proposed law does not do anything to harm citizens ' rights and the principles that make our country what it is . The 2nd Amendment is one of those rights . ”
Pingree declined to comment on Collins ' proposal .
“ She 's waiting to see what , if any , legislation the GOP leadership will allow for a vote in the House , ” said a Pingree spokesman on Wednesday .
It 's unclear how long Pingree and the Democrats will continue their sit-in . Here 's their soundtrack . — Christopher Cousins
LePage launches war on lobbyists
Gov . Paul LePage hosted a lively town hall meeting in Richmond on Wednesday with one of the most supportive audiences he 's seen on the tour , which began last year . Several people stood up to thank him for his work and he drew applause after applause as he discussed issues ranging from the five referendums on the November ballot to gun control bills pending in Congress .
He continued his criticisms of the Natural Resources Council of Maine and the Maine People 's Alliance and indicated his war on lobbyists could broaden .
“ It 's time to expose who the biggest lobbyists are , ” said LePage . “ Who are the people that are preventing us from being prosperous ? It 's the people in the halls of Augusta that hand out big … they used to do little brown paper bags . Now they 're just doing check and soon there will be wire transfers . That 's how it works . … We are victims of a system in America that is run by lobbyists . ”
LePage also spoke at some length about attempts at gun control legislation that are swirling in Congress . He argued that the problem is n't access to guns ; it 's an inadequate system for treating mental illness .
“ If you go after guns without going after mental illness , you are not going to accomplish anything , ” he said . “ Ninety-five percent of Americans who own guns are not bad people . ”
LePage said his reaction whenever the debate begins anew is to head to a sporting goods store .
“ Every time there 's a big gun battle about one of these incidents , I go buy a gun , ” said LePage to applause from the audience . “ I have a big safe of them . I have five that I bought and I have n't shot them . ”
One other interesting note : While discussing investment capital , LePage hinted that more Chinese-funded economic development could be coming to Washington County . LePage announced in 2014 that Chinese investors would build two new tissue machines at Woodland Pulp in Baileyville . Officials announced in March of this year that the $ 120 million expansion was halfway done and that both new machines would be running by the end of June .
LePage said Wednesday that the project could grow .
“ I just got a letter today from Mr. Chu in China , who invested in two machines in Washington County , ” said LePage . “ We 're talking now about investing in two more tissue machines. ” — Christopher Cousins
Quick hits
Gov . Paul LePage 's call for a special session of the Legislature to consider funding options for four bills passed earlier this year was rejected Wednesday by legislative leaders . If they do n't agree to convene , LePage has the authority to call them in on his own . Stay tuned .
A committee of European scientists has concluded that there is no evidence to suggest that the American lobster is an invasive species . The finding comes after Swedish scientists alleged that the lobster poses a threat to the European environment . The study comes as Sweden has been given until the end of July to justify their case . A decision on the scientific evidence is due by August 31 , according to a written statement from all four members of Maine 's congressional delegation .
The Maine AFL-CIO is gathering today and tomorrow in Auburn for the 2016 Committee on Political Education Convention . The convention will focus on raising wages and taxing the wealthy to fund public education — both of which are featured referenda on this November 's ballot . Attendees of the convention will also vote on which legislative candidates they will endorse . The convention kicks off today at the Hilton Garden Inn .
Reading list
Thank your local newspaper columnist
My lovely wife has always got my back . She pointed out to me that today is National Columnists Day and that we should all recognize the importance and value of newspaper columnists . For her , that 's me .
I know , I know . Despite my fantasies of someday being one , I am not really a newspaper columnist , but rather a mere political blogger . These days , admittedly , it 's a fine line between the two , with the latter taking the place of the former . Still , it 's touching to have my status elevated , if only my wife 's eyes . Thanks , babe . — Christopher Cousins
A Free Scholarship for Addiction Treatment in our Substance Abuse IOP
Now accepting applications through December 7th .
We created the Breaking Addiction program last year to honor the series , Breaking Bad , and the attention it has brought to Albuquerque . Although the show has ended , the spotlight it shed on substance abuse and addiction in the state of New Mexico has not .
To continue fostering treatment , recovery , and a better quality of life , we are again giving away a scholarship for addiction treatment in our 12-week Intensive Outpatient Program for Substance Abuse . In addition to providing this scholarship opportunity , we are also partnering with Healthshire.com to collect stories about addiction and its struggles .
If you or a loved one are looking for help with substance abuse , apply by submitting your story of addiction on HealthShire.com Deadline is December 7th .
Scholarship Details
All applicants must submit a personal story relating to addiction . All stories will be compiled into a collection for addictions education in Healtshire 's “ Telling Our Stories ” section . All personal information will be kept anonymous and will not be shared .
The Scholarships will be awarded to one eligible candidate . Applicants will be screened and a winner will be chosen by the IOP director and Medical Director .
Application Deadline is midnight ( EST ) : Sunday , December 7th , 2014 . The winning story will be announced and the applicant will be contacted the following week .
All applicants must be located in or around Albuquerque , NM .
All applicants must be over the age of 18 years old .
This scholarship is designed to help those who can not currently afford addictions treatment , due to lack of insurance coverage or an inability to meet out-of-pocket expenses . Ideal candidates will be ready to commit to making positive changes toward recovery .
If you or someone you know is an ideal candidate , please feel free to apply for the program .
About the IOP for Substance Abuse
The Intensive Outpatient Program ( IOP ) is a 12-week program for individuals and their families struggling with chemical dependence issues . The IOP structure encourages clients to actively practice implementing the recovery skills they are learning in their lives while having a supportive environment in which they and their families can process these changes .
The IOP serves as a continuum of care following a residential treatment program or as a higher level of care for those who have struggled with their recoveries at a lower level of care . Our clinic offers a myriad of additional support services for the individual and family based on their needs . These services include individual therapies , couples counseling , family therapy , medication evaluation and monitoring , outpatient opiate and alcohol detox , and aftercare services .
Seven weeks after Jason Hatcher underwent arthroscopic knee surgery , the Washington Redskins activated the defensive end from the physically unable to perform list .
Hatcher was originally given a four-to-six week timetable for a return .
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said , via CSN Washington , that Hatcher would be worked back in `` slowly but surely . '' The hope is to have the 32-year-old ready for the third preseason game , so he can get work with the rest of the defensive starters before the season opener .
The Redskins signed Hatcher to a four-year , $ 27.5 million contract , including a generous $ 10.5 million for the 2014 season .
Defensive coordinator Jim Haslett is counting on him to provide a much-needed interior pass rush after watching the former Dallas Cowboys star rack up 11 sacks in 2013 .
The latest Around The League Podcast answers every question about preseason action that you were too afraid to ask .
Sheep are known to be followers , but they 're not known to be vain .
A flock of sheep proved themselves to be both this past weekend , however , rampaging through a sports store in an Austrian ski resort town .
`` We think one of them saw its reflection in a mirror and came in to investigate , '' a spokesman for the Intersport shop in St. Anton told local media . `` And being sheep , of course , the rest of them decided to follow . ''
All of a sudden , it was bah , bah black sheep , the store found itself with plenty of wool .
The rams not only surprised onlookers and fellow shoppers as they wandered through the store , but they also left a mess among the bikes , skis and other sporting goods for sale .
`` They broke some of the sunglasses and left a lot of dirt . We had quite a clean-up to do , '' store manager Michael Ess told the Oesterreich Daily , according to AFP . `` I have never experienced anything like it . ''
After foraging around , the sheep were finally wrangled out of the store by two shepherds . In a 40-second video posted to YouTube , where it has been viewed more than 100,000 times , one shepherd dragged the first sheep out by its neck , and then the flood of white began .
Sheep after sheep emerged from the store as onlookers watched amazed . Finally , the smallest baby goat teeters out and the spectacle is over .
According to reports , lawyers for the store are now negotiating with the flock 's owner over payment for the damage the sheep caused .
Image copyright Battersea Dogs and Cats Home Image caption The Corns adopted Bud the Greyhound Collie cross after an appeal was launched on television
Britain 's `` loneliest '' dog has been adopted after spending more than 1,000 days at an animal shelter .
Animals at the Old Windsor home normally stay about 36 days , but team leader Craig Perera said people `` may have been put off by his size '' .
After Bud featured on Paul O'Grady 's ITV show 'For the Love of Dogs ' a family contacted the home to adopt him .
The new owner , Ian Corns from Kingswinford , Dudley , said `` we 've all fallen in love with him '' .
Old Windsor is a branch of Battersea Dogs and Cats Home . Manager , Kaye Mughal , said he was their `` ... longest stay across all three Battersea sites '' .
Image copyright Battersea Dogs and Cats Home Image caption Paul O'Grady said it `` broke '' his heart to see the dog `` spend a fourth Christmas without a home ''
Bud was taken there in November 2013 when he was 6 months old as his owners were no longer able to take care of him .
Ian said : `` When I saw Bud on the Battersea programme I could n't stop looking at him . His character shone through and he reminded me so much of our old Collie-cross Rune . ''
Of all the great national , popular cinemas that prospered in the 20th century , the one that remains least well known to American audiences is , paradoxically , the one that originated closest to Hollywood . The Mexican cinema 's época de oro extended from the mid-1930s to the early 1960s , when Mexican films dominated Latin America and made significant inroads into Spanish-speaking communities in the U.S .
At its height , in the decade during and following World War II , Mexican popular filmmaking achieved a level of quality fully comparable to Hollywood , with a robust star system ( with such magnetic performers as Dolores de Rio , Pedro Armendáriz , Maria Felix , and Arturo de Cordova ) , world-class directors like Roberto Gavaldón , Julio Bracho , and Emilio Fernandez , cinematographers such as Gabriel Figueroa and Alex Phillips , and the superb technical facilities of the Churubusco Studios .
With the support of Fundación Televisa , MoMA presents a sampling of one of Mexico 's richest genres , the ciné negro or film noir . As the critic Rafael Aviña has written , these films present the culture of the Miguel Alemán administration ( 1946–52 ) , a time when Mexico was trying to trace a path to modernity by “ favoring foreign investment , industrial development and the exploitation of natural resources , which led to a certain sense of civil disorder and an explosion of the senses. ” Even seasoned noir fans will be startled and thrilled by these selections , which treat sexual passion and murderous jealousy with a vigor unimaginable in contemporary Hollywood productions .
Clive Lewis , the Labour MP and former shadow business secretary , has been cleared of allegations of sexual harassment after a party investigation .
Lewis , the MP for Norwich South , was accused of grabbing a female Labour member 's bottom at a fringe event at the party 's conference in September . The woman told the Independent last month : “ We had a hug and while we were having a hug he gave my bum a big squeeze . ”
Lewis had previously apologised after it emerged he told a man to “ get on your knees , bitch ” , understood to be at the same event , part of Momentum 's The World Transformed festival .
Damian Green inquiry to examine influence of Daily Mail article Read more
An internal investigation has dismissed the claim of sexual harassment against him , the Guardian has learned .
Lewis expressed relief that he had been cleared . “ I am very pleased to be able to put this behind me and move on , ” he said . “ I believe it right and proper the Labour party treats all allegations of bullying , harassment and sexual misconduct seriously .
“ I want to express my gratitude to my wife , friends and constituents who have supported me during recent weeks . I look forward very much to continuing my work in parliament , fighting for the people I represent and the city I love . ”
Labour announced a formal investigation into the claim against Lewis last month , but did not suspend the whip from him while it was carried out . The allegations emerged as a number of women in politics highlighted what they saw as inappropriate behaviour in the wake of revelations about film mogul Harvey Weinstein .
The defence secretary , Michael Fallon , resigned , admitting he had not met the high standards expected of the armed forces of which he was in charge , after journalist Jane Merrick said he had lunged at her after a lunch in Westminster .
Labour MPs Kelvin Hopkins and Ivan Lewis remain under investigation .
Clive Lewis insisted when the allegations against him were reported : “ This is not how I roll . ”
The woman told the Independent : “ My friend who was there , a fellow delegate … me and him looked at each other and our eyebrows went ‘ whoaaa ' . You kind of jump . I did n't feel grossed out . I definitely laughed . It felt like if you are hugging a mate . I do n't know . It was over-familiar . I had never met him before . ”
Lewis was regarded as a rising star on the left of the party before he fell out with the front bench and resigned earlier this year over Labour 's backing for legislation allowing Theresa May to trigger article 50 , the formal process for leaving the European Union .
A Labour party spokesperson said : “ After consideration of statements provided by the complainant and the respondent , the NEC 's sexual harassment panel has ruled that on the balance of the evidence the matter should not be referred to a full hearing of the national constitutional committee . The Labour party will not be commenting further on this case . ”
This is how five-time World Champion Juan Manuel Fangio did NOT manage to design the first Formula One track behind the Iron Curtain .
[ Juan Manuel Fangio , 5-time World Champion with five different teams . The greatest of the greats - image is of Creative Commons licence ]
It was the year 1976 . James Hunt and Niki Lauda were “ busting each other 's balls ” for the world title on Formula 1 race tracks around the world , including one in the latter 's home country , Austria . It was the first F1 race to be broadcast live in neighbouring Hungary as it was that period when Bernie Ecclestone started selling off the broadcasting rights to the Grands Prix .
[ The 1976 Austrian Grand Prix saw the absence of homeboy Niki Lauda , as he was still recovering from his life-threatening injuries suffered at the Nürburgring ]
Advertisement
The race went slightly overtime and the Hungarian National Television schedule organizers took it off the screen to make way for the following programme , thus the audience did n't manage to see John Watson scoring Team Penske 's only win in Formula One . This engraged the viewers enough to write the TV station letters in masses , but it was also positive feedback on the impact Formula One racing had on Hungarian people .
The very same month , five-time Formula One World Champion and overall legend of Argentina , Juan Manuel Fangio took a visit in Hungary - as invited by Dezső Kiss , chairman of the Hungarian Auto Club .
Advertisement
As it was already proposed , Hungary was planning their own F1 race , spotting the eye-candy location of Lake Velence ( i.e . “ Venice ” ) to the South-West of Budapest , near the town of Pákozd .
[ Lake Velence , the third largest natural lake in Hungary , site of some of the most expensive real estates . It was mosty likely named after masons and architects from Venice living in the area , who were invited to design some of Buda 's famous buildings in the 15th century . ]
Advertisement
One motoring journalist , Ervin Eszterváry recalls the legend 's visit :
Dezső Kiss - chairman of the Hungarian Auto Club - was very keen on motorsports , he invited Juan Manuel Fangio to Budapest . He spent four days in town , during which he was guided around in the Club 's own Lada 1600 car and the chairman 's personal BMW 3-series . It was the first time talks started about bringing Formula One to Hungary . The track would have been close to Lake Velence , near Pákozd . An excellent designer , István Papp - who later went on to design the Hungaroring as well - already planned out the circuit . Fangio was asked by the Auto Club to be a supervisor on the project . He was very forthcoming and it was apparent he knew all race tracks around the world inside out . He said he would be happy to help , but unfortunately all plans went bust .
First of all , I would like you invite you to stop for a brief moment and imagine Fangio in a 70s BMW 3-series and then him in a Lada . Of course , he was only a passenger , but he started out as a stock car driver . It is fantastic to play with the thought of the legend in a communist car , but you might wonder why the plan did n't turn out as planned .
Advertisement
A Few Words on Communist Cars You paid your advance to the official national dealer . You even slipped extra bills in there to get … Read more Read
Soon after , Dezső Kiss got an imperatorial phone call from Lajos Czinege , Minister of War , pressing that no noisy cars can disrupt the recreational activities of comrades around Lake Venice .
It goes without saying that the weekend well-being of the members of the Party ( the only one , for that matter ) was a lot more important , but it meant Fangio could n't supervise the design of the first Formula 1 track behind the Iron Curtain in front of a scenic backdrop .
Advertisement
[ Portrero de los Funes Circuit in Argentina - what the first iteration of the Hungaroring could have ended up if it was up to Fangio - image source ]
Eszterváry concludes :
Fangio came across as a very kind , very informal person , whose professional experience and humility shined through all of his being .
Advertisement
The story has an ever-ironic epilogue . Bernie Ecclestone first visited Budapest in 1983 and had a good look at the backdrop consisting of buildings designed by said architects from Venice , over four hundred years before . He then believed had found the perfect venue for an F1 race . The city declined . He returned for a second time and was shown around in Népliget park , where the first Hungarian Grand Prix was held in 1936 . It would have meant cutting down a few trees . The preservationists declined . He then returned for a third time and was shown around an empty field to the East of Budapest - which is the site of the Hungaroring - he was declined first by none other than Lajos Czinege , Minister of War again , because the valley was his favourite hunting place .
Eventually the Hungaroring was built , the first communist Grand Prix race kicked of in 1986 and is now celebrating its 30th run with the current contract running until 2021 - by which time the Hungarian Grand Prix will be one year shy of being part of half of all of the history of the Formula One World Championship .
Advertisement
[ a documentary detailing the story of the Hungaroring - from breaking ground until the first F1 race ; no need to understand the narration ; simply stunning how the track grew out of nothing accompanied by the visual terror of the pre-race pageantry ]
Advertisement
Only knowing that Juan Manuel Fangio could have drawn a few exciting curves next to a lake makes it somewhat bittersweet .
Source of quotes
Frederick John Inman ( 28 June 1935 – 8 March 2007 ) known as John Inman , was an English actor and singer best known for his role as Mr. Humphries in Are You Being Served ? , a British sitcom between 1972 and 1985 . He was also well known character actor in the United Kingdom as a pantomime dame .
Early life [ edit ]
Born in 1935 , he made his West End debut in the 1960s , and his television debut in an episode of A Slight Case of ... entitled The Enemy Within in 1965 , next appearing in an episode of Two in Clover in 1970 . After a successful pilot of Are You Being Served ? , Inman played the camp Mr. Humphries in the sitcom from 1972 to 1985 . This role made him a household name and won him awards , including BBC TV Personality of the Year . In his later years , Inman became a well known pantomime dame .
Inman was born in Preston , Lancashire , [ 1 ] and was often said to be a cousin of actress Josephine Tewson , though she has denied they are related ( they did , however , play half-siblings in the 1977 sitcom Odd Man Out ) . At the age of 12 , Inman moved with his parents to Blackpool where his mother ran a boarding house , while his father owned a hairdressing business . [ 1 ] As a child , he enjoyed dressmaking . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] He was educated at Claridge House in Preston , and then a secondary modern . [ 2 ] Inman always wanted to be an actor , and his parents paid for him to have elocution lessons at the local church hall . [ 1 ] At the age of 13 he made his stage debut in the Pavilion on Blackpool 's South Pier , in a melodrama entitled Freda . [ 1 ] Aged 15 , he took a job at the pier , making tea , clearing up and playing parts in plays . [ 4 ]
After leaving school , Inman worked for two years at Fox 's , a gentlemen 's outfitters in Blackpool , specialising in window dressing . [ 2 ] Aged 17 , he moved to London to join retailer Austin Reed in Regent Street . [ 1 ] Four years later , he left Austin Reed to become a scenic artist with Kenneth Kendall 's touring company at a theatre in Crewe , [ 3 ] so that he could earn his Equity Card , [ 1 ] required at the time for professional actors . [ 5 ]
Early theatre career [ edit ]
Inman made his West End debut in the 1960s when he appeared in Ann Veronica at the Cambridge Theatre . [ 4 ] He also played in Salad Days at the Windmill Theatre in 1975 , and as Lord Fancourt Babberley in Charley 's Aunt at the Adelphi Theatre in 1979 . He also played in many summer shows , and established himself as a dame in pantomime , appearing regularly as one of the two ugly sisters alongside comedian Barry Howard . [ 3 ] His other stage appearances included his own show Fancy Free and Pyjama Tops , My Fat Friend and Bedside Manners .
Television fame [ edit ]
Inman made his television debut in the sitcom A Slight Case Of ... in 1965 , then in 1966 he appeared in two episodes of the BBC sitcom Hugh and me then in 1970 he appeared in one episode of the ITV sitcom Two in Clover . In 1972 , he was asked by David Croft to play a part in a Comedy Playhouse pilot called Are You Being Served ? . [ 1 ] This was a sitcom set in a department store , written by Croft with Jeremy Lloyd , and based on the latter 's experiences working at Simpsons of Piccadilly . [ 2 ] Playing a minor role with only a few lines , he was soon asked to `` camp it up '' , [ 2 ] [ 4 ] despite initial reluctance from the BBC to include such a camp character . The pilot was broadcast in September 1972 . The broadcast was followed by the five episodes of the first series in early 1973 . The first series showing opposite Coronation Street on ITV attracted little attention , but repeats later that year were very successful . [ 2 ]
Inman played the camp Mr Wilberforce Claybourne Humphries and his earlier career in the clothes retail business was good preparation for this role in a menswear department . Inman developed a characteristic limp-wristed mincing walk , [ 3 ] and a high-pitched catchphrase , `` I 'm free ! `` , which soon entered popular culture . [ 6 ] Inman reported that four or five members of the group Campaign for Homosexual Equality picketed one of his shows in protest as they believed his persona did not help their cause . Inman said that `` they thought I was over exaggerating the gay character . But I do n't think I do . In fact there are people far more camp than Mr. Humphries walking around this country . Anyway , I know for a fact that an enormous number of viewers like Mr. Humphries and do n't really care whether he 's camp or not . So far from doing harm to the homosexual image , I feel I might be doing some good '' . [ 7 ] Both Inman and David Croft stated that the character was `` just a mother 's boy '' , and that his sexual orientation was never explicitly stated . [ 1 ] Inman continued to play in live shows after his success as Mr. Humphries , and began to incorporate camp mannerisms to those performances too , once saying `` Even when I 'm not playing Mr Humphries , say at a summer season , I camp it up a bit . If I do n't the audience are disappointed '' . [ 7 ]
Are You Being Served ? ran for 10 series until 1985 . At its height , in the mid to late 1970s , it regularly attracted British audiences of up to 22 million viewers . [ 3 ] Inman 's portrayal of Mr Humphries won him the BBC TV Personality of the Year in 1976 and he was voted the funniest man on television by TV Times readers . [ 8 ] The series also became popular in the United States , where Inman became a gay cultural icon . [ 4 ] Once , in San Francisco , a passing cyclist spotted Inman and fell off his bicycle in surprise , crying `` Mr Humphries , I love you ! `` [ 4 ]
From 1980 to 1981 , Inman also played Mr Humphries in the Australian version of Are You Being Served ? , the only cast member of the original Are You Being Served ? series to do so . He made many appearances on BBC TV 's long running television show , The Good Old Days .
During the 69-episode , 13-year run of Are You Being Served ? , Inman also appeared in the 1977 film of the series , in which the characters visited the fictional Spanish holiday resort of `` Costa Plonka '' . Odd Man Out ( 1977 ) , his own sitcom , Inman played the owner of a fish and chip shop who inherits half of a rock factory ; and Take a Letter , Mr. Jones ( 1981 ) , a sitcom in which Inman played Graham Jones , who is secretary to Rula Lenska 's character Joan Warner . Inman also toured with his own shows , and he released several records , including `` Are You Being Served , Sir ? `` , which reached number 39 in the UK singles charts . This came from an LP of the same name , and was followed by two further albums : I 'm Free in 1977 and With a Bit of Brass in 1978 , the first two issued by DJM Records . The version of `` Teddy Bears ' Picnic '' on the first album was regularly playlisted on BBC Radio 1/2 Saturday morning childrens ' show Ed Stewart 's Junior Choice in the late 1970s and included on the show 's official BBC soundtrack album . [ 9 ]
He made a cameo appearance in the film The Tall Guy ( 1989 ) , and was one of five of they Are You Being Served ? cast to be reunited in character for the sitcom Grace & Favour ( titled Are You Being Served ? Again ! in the United States ) , which ran for twelve episodes in 1992 and 1993 . Inman had a small part as Lady Capulet in the film Shakespeare in Love ( 1998 ) and appeared in the 1999 French and Saunders Christmas special . He appeared as Father Chinwag in the film The Mumbo Jumbo ( 2000 ) .
Later years [ edit ]
After the end of Are You Being Served ? , Inman became one of the nation 's best known pantomime dames and appeared in over 40 pantomimes across the United Kingdom . [ 8 ] He also toured Australia , starring in a number of productions including Bedside Manners ( 2003 ) and a revival of Are You Being Served ? ( 2001 ) as a stage show at Twelfth Night Theatre , Brisbane . In 2004 , Inman made additional television appearances in Doctors and Revolver .
He lived in a mews house in Little Venice for 30 years . [ 2 ] On 23 December 2005 , Inman entered into a civil partnership at Westminster Register Office with his partner of 33 years ( at the time ) , Ron Lynch . [ 4 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Inman suffered from poor health in his later years . He was hospitalised with bronchitis in 1993 , and collapsed on stage in 1995 . [ 12 ] He was admitted to Paddington 's St Mary 's Hospital in 2001 after suffering breathing difficulties and spent three days in intensive care . [ 10 ]
In December 2004 , Inman was forced to cancel an appearance in a pantomime as he was reportedly suffering from a hepatitis A infection , allegedly contracted from contaminated food . [ 13 ] Following this , he never worked again and it was claimed that he suffered complications from this infection for the rest of his life .
Inman died early in the morning of 8 March 2007 , aged 71 , at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , London , [ 14 ] of the infection . [ 15 ] His body was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium after a funeral on 23 March 2007 . [ 16 ]
It was reported in July 2007 that Inman had left nearly his entire estate , including more than £2.8m , to his civil partner Ron Lynch . The only other portion of his estate given to another , was a £5,000 bequest to the Entertainment Artistes Benevolent Fund . [ citation needed ]
Television roles [ edit ]
Florida State 's vacancy at head coach did n't last long .
As expected after the departure of previous coach Jimbo Fisher for Texas A & M , the Seminoles did not tarry , quickly vetting candidates and today agreeing to terms with Oregon head coach Willie Taggart , sources told Tomahawk Nation .
Taggart will make the long trip to Tallahassee from Eugene , Oregon , where he was the University of Oregon 's head coach this season . In our head coach hot board , we mentioned a number of criteria FSU would prefer in a new head coach : previous success as a head coach , familiarity with the area , recruiting prowess , an offensive mind , and youth— and Taggart checks all of those boxes .
He 'll also be the first full-time African-American head football coach at Florida State .
A native of Bradenton , Florida , Taggart ( who 's just 41 years old ) began his head-coaching career by turning around Western Kentucky from 2010-2012 , before doing the same at South Florida from 2013-2016 . His debut years at Western Kentucky and USF both ended with two-win seasons but not only did he turn those schools around , he did so quickly and efficiently . His second and third seasons at Western Kentucky ended with seven wins , culminating with a bowl trip in 2012 .
In Tampa , he flipped a USF program from 2-10 to 10-2 in just three seasons , with the biggest factor in that being his recruiting ability . He locked down the highly-coveted Tampa recruiting scene at USF and , in this last year , even got Tampa-area blue-chip recruits to cross the country with him and commit to Oregon .
In his lone season at Oregon , Taggart led the Ducks to a 7-5 record , despite starting quarterback Justin Herbert missing five games . The season prior , Oregon went 4-8 and missed its first bowl game since 2004 .
A quarterback by trade , Taggart coached running backs at Stanford from 2007-2009 . He 's considered a product of the Jim Harbaugh coaching tree and was FSU 's first choice to be its next head coach .
20th-century German politician
Count Gottfried von Bismarck-Schönhausen ( 9 March 1901 – 14 September 1949 ) was a German politician and German Resistance figure .
Born in Berlin , Bismarck was a grandson of the Chancellor Otto von Bismarck . He was a member of the Nazi Party and in 1933 he was elected to the Reichstag as a Nazi member . In 1935 he became chairman of the regional council ( Regierungspräsident ) for Stettin , and later also for Potsdam . In 1937 he married a cousin , Countess Melanie Hoyos , in Vienna . By 1944 he held the rank of Brigadeführer ( Brigade Leader/Major General ) in the SS .
From 1942 , however , Bismarck had been opposed to the continuation of World War II , and had made contact with other members of the German aristocracy who were working against the Nazi regime – such as the Berlin police chief Wolf-Heinrich Graf von Helldorf , Colonel Claus Graf von Stauffenberg , and General Friedrich Olbricht – with the aim of starting negotiations with the western Allies . He was aware of preparations for the 20 July plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler , but was not directly involved in it .
After the failure of the plot , Bismarck 's connections to the plotters were discovered . [ 1 ] He was expelled from the SS and from the Reichstag . Because of his famous name and many powerful connections , however , he escaped the fate of most of the active plotters . He was not arrested until August and he was not tortured . In October he was acquitted of the charges against him by the People 's Court , but was nevertheless sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp , where he was relatively well treated . He was liberated by Soviet forces in April 1945 .
In September 1949 Bismarck and his wife were killed in a suspicious car accident in Verden an der Aller near Bremen , in the American Occupation Zone .
We 're extremely excited to announce our next stop on the Let 's Battle Tour – Seattle , Washington ! On Saturday , September 3rd ( from 5:30-10:30 PM ) , we 're holding another epic community event , open to players of all ages ( yes , that includes kids and families ) .
Want to jump into your favorite World of Tanks vehicle in real life ? So do we ! Onsite will be an actual Panzer III and T34-85 -- climb aboard and experience what it 's like to sit inside an iconic armored vehicle from WWII . And the best part , you 'll also get to see these tanks perform some serious CRUSHING .
Other exciting activities include :
Complimentary food and beverage ( including beer and wine )
30 gaming stations with PC , Xbox One and PlayStation®4 systems to test your skills in World of Tanks and World of Warships
Photo opportunities with you and our tanks
Potential photo opportunities with Meathead the Puppet , AND Meathead himself
Exclusive giveaways
Prizes ! Prizes ! Prizes !
Join us September 3 at 802 Pine Street , Seattle WA 98101 .
Share on social media what you hope to see crushed using # CRUSHINGIT
For a look at the first stop on our tour , be sure to check out our USS Midway takeover in San Diego aboard one of the most iconic warships in history here :
An image grab taken from a video uploaded by Ugarit News , a Syrian opposition web channel , shows Syrian anti-government protesters holding the current ( top ) and former Syrian flags during a demonstration in the central city of Hama on June 17 , 2011 . ( -/AFP/ GETTY IMAGES / UGARIT NEWS )
Tens of thousands of Syrians poured onto the streets of cities around the country Friday to press their demand for the resignation of President Bashar al-Assad , amid signs that his government is starting to crack under the strain of more than three months of unrest and growing international pressure .
In a now-weekly ritual since demonstrations erupted in mid-March , Syrians spilled out of mosques after Friday prayers chanting slogans calling for the government 's downfall . Just as predictably , Syrian security forces opened fire on them , killing at least 18 people and wounding dozens more , according to the Local Coordination Committees , a group that organizes and monitors protests .
The shootings made it clear that the Syrian government is not abandoning its strategy of relying on force to quell the dissent , despite scant evidence that it is working . Sizable protests took place this week in several suburbs of Damascus and in Aleppo , Syria 's economic capital , where one protester was shot dead in the city 's first such fatality . Tens of thousands took to the streets in the central city of Hama , where the government appears to have given up trying to assert control .
In recent days , however , the regime has signaled that it is starting to recognize that it will have to do more than simply shoot people if it is to survive . Reports of small but significant defections from the army ; indications that even the elite force on which the government relies to suppress the dissent is stretched ; and , perhaps most crucially , a rift in Syria 's once-close relationship with Turkey have combined to give the government jitters for the first time .
“ They 're definitely panicking , ” said Andrew J. Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . “ The protests are just spreading , and they 're growing bigger , and whatever the Assad regime is doing , it is n't working . ”
One sign of the mood came Thursday , when Rami Makhlouf , Syria 's most powerful businessman , announced he was quitting his companies to devote his life to charity . Though he held no government position , as Assad 's cousin and childhood friend Makhlouf was regarded as a core member of the regime 's inner circle . He controlled a large chunk of the economy through his holdings and acted as manager for the Assad family 's finances .
Opposition figures dismissed the gesture as cosmetic and said it would not affect their demand that Assad step down . Far from appeasing protesters , the move will only energize the opposition , said Beirut-based activist Rami Nakhle .
“ This will give them more confidence because it shows all their efforts are making a difference , ” he said .
More significantly , Assad is expected to make a televised address to the nation in the coming days , his first direct address to the people and only his third speech since the crisis began . He has not spoken publicly since mid-April , has not been seen since mid-May and for several days last week refused to take phone calls from U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon . Speculation mounted that his control is slipping as his powerful younger brother , Maher al-Assad , takes the lead in suppressing the unrest in his role as commander of the elite 4th Armored Division .
Others interpret Assad 's absence as just another indicator of the government 's conviction that it can weather the storm by relying on force and ignoring both domestic and international opinion . No one appears to expect Assad to make major concessions , and after more than 1,200 deaths and 10,000 detentions , for most protesters the time for This has long since passed .
The Obama administration has seen no response to pressure exerted on Assad , a senior administration official told reporters in Washington . Friday 's violence was a repetition of the “ appalling repression . . . of the last few weeks , ” the official said , adding that Assad is “ putting his country on the path of a pariah state . ”
Another official said the administration was examining “ whether there are grounds here for charges related to war crimes and whether referrals on that are appropriate . ”
“ We 're also looking at additional economic steps , and one in particular has to do with the oil and gas sector in Syria , ” the second official said .
But the government appears to have been seriously rattled by the abrupt turnaround by Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , formerly one of Syria 's most reliable regional allies and a personal friend of Assad 's . After thousands of Syrian refugees surged into Turkey to escape the escalating violence , Erdoğan condemned the government 's “ barbarity , ” prompting Assad to dispatch a senior envoy to Ankara for talks .
Perhaps most alarming for the Assad regime are reports in the Turkish press that Turkey is considering setting up a buffer zone for Syrian refugees along the countries ' mutual border . Turkish officials have dismissed the reports , and analysts say it is unlikely Turkey would want to take such an active role for fear of being drawn into military intervention in Syria .
But there is little doubt the opposition would welcome some form of haven , and if the crisis in Syria worsens and hundreds of thousands of refugees start crossing into Turkey , it can not be ruled out , analysts say . The opposition could use such a haven to organize and supply activists in Syria and nurture a nascent alternative government , along the lines of the opposition to Moammar Gaddafi in eastern Libya .
“ This is the nightmare for the Syrian regime , to have a Syrian Benghazi , ” said Ausama Monajed , an opposition activist based in London .
That may explain why the fiercest crackdowns against the protest movement have come in border cities , initially with the dispatch of tanks into the southern town of Daraa near the Jordanian border in April and , most recently , in the northern town of Jisr al-Shughour , near the northern border with Turkey , which briefly spun out of government control after the reported mutiny of soldiers sent to suppress the dissent .
Those were not the first reports of defections , and none has yet added up to a serious threat . But in one sign of the government 's nervousness about the security forces ' loyalty , it has relied almost exclusively on the elite forces commanded by Assad 's brother Maher to implement the crackdowns .
And after three months of racing around the country putting down revolts , the unit is stretched , according to Amr Al Azm , a professor of Middle East history at Shawnee State University in Ohio who is also active in the Syrian opposition .
“ It 's spreading itself very thin , ” Azm said . “ All areas are rising up , and the question is whether can they keep these troops out in the field on military operations ad infinitum . ”
Staff writer Karen DeYoung in Washington contributed to this report .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) Israeli archeologists say they have made a dramatic discovery adjacent to the Western Wall in Jerusalem after unearthing what they believe could have been a theater dating from ancient Roman times .
Excavations by the Israel Antiquities Authority are currently taking place underneath Wilson 's Arch , which stands next to the holy site in the heart of the Old City .
`` What 's very exciting about this amazing structure is that we totally did n't expect to find it here , '' archeologist Joe Uziel told CNN . `` It 's a theater-like structure that held 200 people . ''
Joe Uziel , an archeologist from the Israeli Antiquity Authority , works on the recently discovered ancient theater .
The roofed building 's relatively small size , compared to other known Roman theaters , leads experts to believe it could have been an Odeon , a playhouse used for acoustic performances , rather than a larger amphitheater . Another theory being considered is that it was a bouleuterion -- a building where the city council would meet .
The structure also appears to be unfinished , as builders did not complete carving some of the sets of stairs .
Read More
Cooking with animal blood is as old as civilization itself . I promise that your ancient ancestors , no matter where you 're from , did n't have the luxury of throwing away any part of the animal , including the very lifeblood that used to run through it . Animal blood , along with everything but the skin , would invariably end up in the stew . And why not ? Blood is a wonderfully gamey thickening agent that adds texture and flavor to all sorts of dishes that we would n't think about today . Unfortunately , as we 've moved away from rural living , our connection with what we consume has been lost and our modern urban sensibilities would much prefer our meat to be as sanitized as possible . And sadly , that means no blood . Cow 's blood with brine as an anti-coagulant . Image by Mario Hernandez/Food Hacks But many cultures around the world continue to cook with blood and there are solid reasons to bring it back into American kitchens . In addition to its wild flavor , animal blood is quite nutritious ; it 's rich in protein , iron , and vitamin D. Just last year , Elisabeth Paul of the Nordic Food Lab made waves by publishing their findings on chemical similarities between animal blood and chicken eggs . Both share similar protein compositions and content , as well as the same foaming , coagulation , and emulsifying properties . Here 's where blood beats the egg : the egg has double the calories that blood has . This makes consuming blood good for people with egg allergies or anaemia , as well as anyone looking to stay lean . ( You can learn more about blood and other good , non-animal-based egg substitutes here . )
How to Cook with Blood So how do you get blood , and which kind should you get ? Your butcher can get it for you provided you order it from him ahead of time . Pork 's blood is what 's used most often , but cow 's , sheep 's , or lamb 's should also be available . Freshness is key . The less time that passes between when the animal is slaughtered and when you get the blood , the better . Generally , anything older than two days is n't worth using . Regardless of when you use it , and especially if you plan to store it , be sure to add an anti-coagulant ( like vinegar or 5 % of salt ) to your blood , otherwise lumps will form . Your butcher or purveyor may have already done this . Image via Nordic Food Lab Here 's a great tip : put your animal 's blood ( post-anticoagulant ) into an ice cube tray and you 'll have frozen cubes of blood to drop into your next soup or stew . But , per Chef Brad Farmerie of New York 's Public restaurant , do not defrost the blood by heating it . Let it thaw naturally . And do n't worry about the safety of cooking with blood . As long as you keep to the USDA 's recommended temperature of cooking above 165°F , there is no danger of illness .
Blood & Chocolate Pudding If you 're looking for something sweet and off-kilter to make , this recipe for sanguinaccio dolce is an old Italian blood and chocolate pudding that can also be used in gelato ! Image via Emiko Davies
Blood Pancakes , a highly popular dish in Finland ( where it 's called veriohukainen ) and Sweden ( named blodplättar ) , are very similar to normal pancakes , only with whipped blood as an ingredient . The finished product is more dark brown than red , so keep that in mind if you 're creating a colorful pancake masterpiece . You do n't have to be that daring , but consider the addition of blood to your next dish . Cooking with blood is not only healthy and delicious , it continues a human tradition that takes us back to the dawn of man .
When Andy Reid was announced as the new Kansas City Chiefs head coach ( stop with the bad jokes already ) , my first thought was , “ How will this affect Jamaal Charles ' value ? ”
During Andy Reid 's tenure in Philly , you could n't put a number on the tweets that mentioned his use of LeSean McCoy ( or lack thereof ) . McCoy 's fantasy owners seemed to enjoy ( suffer through ) one common thought : “ What the hell is Reid thinking ? ”
I 'm a former McCoy owner . I , too , felt neglected . There have been many a shower cry performed in the Scott household because of the lack of compassion Andy Reid seemed to have shown toward the fantasy community from week to week . Did he not realize McCoy was a first-round selection for us fantasy nerds ? Maybe he did n't read my column earlier that week which predicted McCoy as a top fantasy play ? Whatever the case may be , when the game clock hit zero , fantasy owners were always left feeling…unsatisfied .
So when Reid was named the new HC in KC , what did I think about JC ? Could Reid be worse to us fantasy owners than Crennel and Dabol were this year ? I tend to think Charles gets a bumpup in value , and not just a slight one either . Let me explain ..
Andy Reid is n't as bad to us as you all would like to believe . In fact , he 's been one of the most consistent coaches in terms of feeding his stud runner for the past three years ; even when Brian Westbrook was at his best . It was only a year ago when McCoy totaled 1,600-plus yards with 20 scores . That was good for the top spot in fake football for running backs .
I feel like I 've let this article get away from me here . This is about Charles and Reid , not McCoy and Reid . Right , so as I was saying…
Why was it frustrating to be a Jamaal Charles owner this year ? Well , it might have to do with the fact he saw less than 15 touches in 6 of his 16 games . Despite having the 7th largest workload for a running back this year ( in terms of carries ) , it was the Charles ' owners who always felt “ jipped ” when the games were over . If you take away the two games in which the fantasy Gods struck down common sense into Crennel 's cranium when he fed Charles 33 and 31 times , JC ends up with a mere 15.8 carries/game as opposed to 17.8 carries/game ( 15th among RB carries ) . Was this by design because of the ACL injury Charles was coming off of from the previous season ? Was it because they truly did n't realize just how good Charles is ? Or , perhaps , they really thought Peyton Hillis was good enough to spell Charles for series at a time ? Whatever it was , it 's all over now . And Charles ' knee is intact and looking good for 2013 .
I just purchased the “ Premium Stats ” package over at ProFootballFocus.com and decided to try a little number crunching . It 's something I usually try to stay away from , leaving it to more intelligent folk . Here 's what I found :
In the past three seasons , McCoy 's numbers looked like the following ( I took the averages of the 12 games he played in '12 to get an idea of what his totals might have been for a full 16 season ) :
2010 : 219 carries , 1,126 yards , 7 TDs | 82 rec , 613 yards , 2 TDs
2011 : 273 carries , 1,309 yards , 17 TDs | 48 rec , 315 yards , 3 TDs
2012 : 267 carries , 1,120 yards , 3 TDs | 72 rec , 482 yards , 4 TDs
If you take those three seasons and average them out , you get a back with a stat line that looks top-tier : 320 total touches , 1653 yards , 12 TDs . I 'd also like to note that McCoy averaged 4.7 yards per carry during those three seasons .
Looking at Charles , I had to discount his 2011 season due to the knee injury he suffered during the second game of the season . In 2009 , he did n't start receiving double digit carries until Week 10 because Thomas Jones was the elite back in KC ( obviously ) . But we 'll use those stats for nonetheless :
2009 : 190 carries , 1,120 yards , 7 TDs | 40 rec , 297 yards , 1 TD
2010 : 240 carries , 1,548 yards , 6 TDs | 46 rec , 483 yards , 3 TDs
2012 : 285 carries , 1,518 yards , 5 TDs | 35 rec , 236 yards , 1 TD
Taking the averages of the three seasons gives us a back that looks a little like this : 278 touches , 1,734 yards , 8 TDs . Charles averaged an insane 5.9 yards per carry over these seasons , or 1.2 yards per carry more than McCoy .
So despite the outrage concerning Jamaal 's carries among us fantasy dorks , he actually received the largest workload of his career in 2012 . And that 's coming off a major knee surgery . But what I saw , especially in 2012 , was the lack of getting him the ball in space . Something else that jumps out is the lack of production in the passing game . JC played 70 % of the team 's offensive snaps just once in 2012 , often being spelled on third down for Hillis or Shaun Draughn ( brilliant ) . Something Andy Reid is really good at ? Getting his playmakers the ball in space and leaving said playmaker in the game when a 1st down is needed .
I know , it seems like rocket science or a foreign language .
Based on what Reid has done with his “ lead ” back in the past 3 seasons , and given these stats , I think we can come to the conclusion that Charles will be just fine . We just saw a worse case scenario ( in a healthy season ) for him with the atrocious quarterback play and lack of creativity on offense . If Reid brings anything to the table , it 's ingenuity . Given Dwayne Bowe might not be back and the rest of the WR corps in flux , Reid will need to find ways to get Charles 300-plus touches in 2013 because he wo n't and ca n't rely on whoever is going to quarterback the 2013 season ( I still think Matt Flynn gets traded there , for the record ) .
I 'm all aboard the Charles ' train in 2013 , and wo n't hesitate to draft him top-6 in fantasy . He 's more than capable of putting up 2,000 yards in an Andy Reid offense . And , oh by the way , he 's still only 25 . Jamaal Charles has his best seasons just around the corner .
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - There are several detained dual citizens in Iran , most of whom face espionage charges , the judiciary spokesman was quoted as saying on Sunday , although he did not give details of any individual cases .
The comments come after an Iranian-British former BBC journalist , Bahman Daroshafaei , was detained last week in Tehran . His family said on Saturday they had not been informed of any charges against him .
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said in London on Thursday that he did not know about the case .
Tehran released four Iranian-Americans on Jan. 16 in a prisoner swap deal with Washington , including Jason Rezaian , the Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief who was arrested in July 2014 and accused of espionage .
“ We have several dual citizens in jail . Their charges are mostly the same ( as Rezaian 's ) , ” the judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei was quoted as saying by the Fars news agency .
Ejei said that no verdict had been reached on Rezaian 's espionage charges .
“ It is still important to know what he and those related to him were doing in Iran . So their case is still open . ”
The prisoner swap was announced as world powers , including the United States , implemented a landmark nuclear deal with Iran . In exchange for the release of five Americans from Iran , the White House offered clemency to seven Iranians who were convicted or facing trial in the United States .
Another Iranian-British citizen , Kamal Foroughi , remains in detention after being arrested in 2011 while working in Tehran as a business consultant .
Iranian-American businessman Siamak Namazi , who was detained by Iranian authorities in October while visiting relatives , is still in jail .
Get ready to stand .
Subway cars outfitted with new foldable seats were spotted in an MTA rail yard on Wednesday , and they will hit the L line soon , officials said .
Photos show a car with almost all of the seats in the folded position that will force riders to stand instead of sit on their commutes .
The agency plans to lock the seats in the up position during morning and evening rush hours to make more room for passengers and cut down on the loading time at each station , according to the official .
“ These should help people get on and off the trains faster and will also , of course , increase capacity , ” the official said .
There will be four of the newly-outfitted cars on one eight-car train , said the source . And no car will have no seats . They will be staggered with benches alternating in the up and down positions , said the official .
see also MTA removes seats from E train cars E train riders , get ready to stand for that long ...
The transit source declined to say exactly when the new cars will hit the L line , but it will likely be in the next week or two .
MTA chairman Joe Lhota announced in July that he wanted to remove seats from some trains as part of a multi-pronged plan to cut down on subway delays . The agency removed the seats at the ends of some of its E train cars earlier this month and replaced them with more poles for riders to hold .
The MTA also plans to add cars with a different configuration to the 42nd Street Shuttle , said the source .
Hong Kong and Afghanistan are the new teams but both teams have the young and talented players , who can perform well in any situation . These players can perform well in the match between Hong Kong vs Afghanistan of ICC Twenty20 world cup 2016 and they have the ability to show their performance . The viewers will enjoy the long and hard hitting of the batsmen of Afghanistan vs Hong Kong in the match . The match between these two teams of Hong Kong v Afghanistan will be stunning and it will have some attractive and delicate styles , which can get the attention of the viewers . The match of Afghanistan v Hong Kong of ICC T20 world cup 2016 will be great to enjoy and huge number of spectators will get the enjoyment from the hitting and shots of the players and they will also appreciate the performances of the players . The viewers should be ready to watch the live streaming of the match between HK vs AFG .
The best kind there is . www.youtube.com/watch ? v=g3uPwR… I really wanted to do an entirely original piece for Christmas and even had a few good ideas , but having finished Winter on the fourteenth ( and a very detailed commission less than a week before that ) I just did n't have the time to go through the whole composition process . I was listening to `` It 's a Pony Kind of Christmas '' to try to get some inspiration , and noticed the pleasant little scene depicted in the cover art . Being sorely pressed for time and not seeing any better option I decided to do something I hardly ever do , copy . Well , sort of . Not much caring for the cool color scheme of the castle , I replaced it with the Golden Oak Library , a much more suitable backdrop for such a warm , cozy scene . I also completely changed Rainbow Dash 's pose , and made more subtle changes to the rest of them . I certainly ca n't see myself making a habit of taking such blatant shortcuts , but this time around I thought it better than not doing anything . Maybe next year I 'll do myself a favor and start my yearly Christmas project in June.Anyway , for all you 3100+ people who like my stuff well enough to watch me ( and anyone else who happens to see this ) , have a very Merry and safe Christmas ! Seriously , we 're almost through 2016 . Just a few more days ! Watercolor on 9x12 140 lb . Strathmore watercolor paper . Finished : 12/22/16 .
FBI Director James Comey sensationally asked the Justice Department to publicly deny President Trump 's claims Barack Obama tapped his phones before the election , senior officials have claimed .
Comey essentially wanted to challenge the truthfulness of the sitting president , causing an unprecedented schism between the Oval Office and the nation 's top law enforcement official , according to the New York Times .
He said the incendiary charges the president made on Twitter are completely false and must be challenged , but so far the DOJ has ignored him by not issuing any form of statement .
Comey feels the president has insinuated the FBI broke the law with an illegal wire tap , however Trump made no specific reference to the FBI in his Twitter tirade on Saturday morning .
Obama 's director of national intelligence James Clapper said on Sunday nothing matching Trump 's claims had taken place , saying 'absolutely , I can deny it ' .
A U.S. official confirmed the FBI 's request but said they were n't authorized to discuss the situation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
This latest overt political intervention by Comey essentially pits him against Trump and reveals the real political danger the president has let loose by accusing the Obama of trying to undermine his administration and providing no evidence .
Donald Trump returned to Washington on Sunday amid the growing controversy surrounding his tweets accusing Barack Obama of tapping his phones prior to the election
FBI Director James Comey sensationally asked the Justice Department to publicly deny President Trump 's claims Barack Obama tapped his phones before the election
Trump fired off a series of tweets on Saturday accusing the former president - without any evidence - of spying on him before the election and calling Obama a 'bad ( or sick ) guy ' .
'Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my 'wires tapped ' in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! ' he wrote on Twitter .
A spokesman for Obama denied the allegation as 'simply false ' .
But the White House has shown no signs of backing down from Trump 's claims and instead called on Congress to investigate the matter alongside the lawmakers ' probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said on Sunday that the reports 'concerning potentially politically motivated investigations ' before the election were 'very troubling . '
'President Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity , the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016 , ' he said .
Spicer said there would be no further comment until the investigations are completed .
Trump arrived back at the White House on Sunday after the FBI director raised concerns the president 's claims created the impression that the FBI acted improperly
Senior White House adviser Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump step off Air Force One with their children after returning from Florida on Sunday
Trump accused Obama of tapping his phones at Trump Tower in a flurry of tweets Saturday morning
Another official echoed that of others saying Obama could not have ordered a wire-tap , adding that it would have been taken to a judge by investigators , but investigators never did that
Obama visited the National Gallery of Art in Washington on Sunday with his wife Michelle . A spokesman for the former president denied Trump 's allegation as 'simply false '
Trump 's Twitter tirade began shortly after 6.30am ET on Saturday when he said he had 'just found out ' about being wiretapped , though it was unclear whether he was referring to having found out through a briefing , a conversation or a media report .
The president in the past has tweeted about unsubstantiated and provocative reports he reads on blogs or conservative websites .
DID OBAMA ORDER THE WIRETAPPING ON TRUMP TOWER ? President Trump claimed in a series of tweets that Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower back in October , early Saturday morning . The Obama administration quickly denied Trump 's allegations that the former president had ordered a wiretap on the New York building on Saturday . A statement put forth by his team said : ' A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice . 'As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S . citizen . ' However , most glaringly , the statement did not deny allegations that there was a wiretap . It simply said Obama never ordered one on Trump . This means that another federal agency may have sought authorization to listen in on Trump Tower and received it .
The tweets stood out , given the gravity of the charge and the strikingly personal attack on the former president .
Trump spoke as recently as last month about how much he likes Obama and how much they get along , despite their differences .
'How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is Nixon/Watergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! ' he tweeted , misspelling 'tap . '
In another tweet Trump posed the question : 'Is it legal for a sitting President to be 'wire tapping ' a race for president prior to an election ? '
Obama 's spokesman Kevin Lewis released a statement Saturday afternoon refuting Trump 's wire-tapping claims .
' A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , ' Lewis wrote .
'As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen . Any suggestion otherwise is simply false . '
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders refused to say where the current president got his information or why he blamed the former president when she called for a congressional investigation of allegations .
Without being specific , Sanders said on ABC 's This Week : ' ( Trump is going off information that he 's seen that have led him to believe that ... And if it is , this is the greatest overreach and the greatest abuse of power that I think we 've ever seen and a huge attack on democracy itself . '
Sanders would not elaborate on what the president meant , saying his tweets speak for themselves . She also would not say exactly where the president got his information .
On Sunday White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump has requested an investigation into the 'troubling reports ' that Obama potentially wiretapped the president 's phones
Trump accused Barack Obama of wire-tapping his phones at Trump Tower in New York before the election last year
The Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee says his panel will probe Trump 's allegations that Trump Tower was wire-tapped by President Obama 's administration .
REACTION TO TRUMP 'S BUGGING ALLEGATIONS Ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , Rep. Adam Schiff , called Trump 's wire-tapping charge 'incendiary ' and 'baseless , ' and suggested the president got it from ' Breitbart or other conspiracy-based news ' . 'For a president who similarly claimed that millions of undocumented immigrants voted illegally costing him the popular vote , and that his predecessor was n't born in the United States , these new allegations follow a familiar if deeply disturbing pattern of distraction , distortion and downright fabrication , ' Schiff charged . House minority leader Nancy Pelosi called the allegations 'ridiculous ' and said 'it 's the tool of an authoritarian to have them always be talking about what you want to be talking about ' . She said : 'Rather than Russia , we 're talking about President Obama ... When he 's been not in favor of Congress investigating anything , including what the Russians have on Donald Trump politically , financially or personally . That 's the truth we want to know . ' South Carolina Sen Lindsey Graham said : ' I am very worried that our president is suggesting that the former president has done something illegally . ' Sen Marco Rubio said : ' I have no insight into what exactly he 's referring to . And I 'd imagine the president and the White House in the days to come will outline further what was behind that accusation . ' Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said : 'It 's beneath the dignity of the presidency . It is something that really hurts people 's view of government . And either way , the President 's in trouble . If he falsely spread this kind of misinformation , that is so wrong . '
Rep. Devin Nunes , Rep for California , said his committee 'will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party 's campaign officials or surrogates ' , the chair said in a statement Sunday afternoon .
Earlier Sunday , Senate Intelligence Committee member , Sen. Tom Cotton , R-Ark. , suggested his committee would look into the matter as well .
'We 've already begun an inquiry on the intelligence committee into Russia 's efforts to undermine confidence in our political system , ' Cotton said on Fox News Sunday .
'That inquiry is going to be thorough , and we 're going to follow the facts wherever they lead us . And I 'm sure that this matter will be a part of that inquiry . '
It came after James Clapper , the former director of national intelligence in the Obama administration , 'absolutely ' denied there was a secret court order for surveillance at Trump Tower .
Clapper told NBC 's Meet the Press that in the national intelligence activity he oversaw , 'there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president , the president-elect at the time , as a candidate or against his campaign . '
He said as intelligence director he would have known about a 'FISA court order on something like this . Absolutely , I can deny it . '
He left the White House on January 20 when Trump took office .
Trump 's controversial tweets prompted a slew of responses from Democratic leaders and pundits knocking down the claims .
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi likened it to autocratic behavior .
'It 's called a wrap-up smear . You make up something . Then you have the press write about it . And then you say , everybody is writing about this charge . It 's a tool of an authoritarian , ' Pelosi said .
Ben Rhodes , the former policy advisor for Obama , blasted Trump 's accusations on Twitter : 'No President can order a wiretap . Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you . '
Rhodes shot back at another Trump tweet saying : 'Dear Pundits who lauded his speech . Is it still 'presidential ' to call your dignified predecessor 'Bad ( or sick ) guy ! '
Josh Earnest , who was Obama 's press secretary , said presidents do not have authority to unilaterally order the wiretapping of American citizens , as Trump has alleged was done to him . FBI investigators and Justice Department officials must seek a federal judge 's approval for such a step .
Earnest accused Trump of leveling the allegations to distract from the attention being given to campaign-season contacts by Trump aides with a Russian official , including campaign adviser Jeff Sessions before he resigned from the Senate to become attorney general . The FBI is investigating those contacts , as is Congress .
Trump was pictured entering the Oval Office on Sunday night following calls for Congress to investigate his claims that Obama wire-tapped his phones
The Jerusalem District Court sentenced Zvi Struck , a 28-year-old resident of the Shilo settlement , to 18 months in prison for kidnapping and abusing a 15-year-old Palestinian boy .
Conflict in West Bank clashes : Settlers stoned injured Palestinians Yair Altman Clashes that began with stone-throwing end with 10 injured , some of them Palestinians who were shot by soldiers , settlers ; security officials believe leftist activity in area fueled violence West Bank clashes : Settlers stoned injured Palestinians
Struck was convicted on the charges of aggravated battery , kidnapping with intention to injure , causing damage and three counts of assault . In addition to the prison term , the court sentenced him to one year of probation , and ordered him to pay the victim NIS 50,000 ( $ 14,100 ) in compensation .
`` There is no doubt that the actions harmed the complainant , who was 15 at the time , in a grievous manner , '' Judge Amnon Cohen noted .
`` I reviewed the medical records and the difficult photographs that were taken of the complainant immediately after the event , and I can not avoid expressing disgust and deep shock over the signs of terrible trauma that the minor suffered . ''
The incident took place in July 2007 ; Struck and another suspect kidnapped and beat the Palestinian teen , a resident of the West Bank village of Kusra . The teen was later found unconscious in an open field , naked , tied and injured , after making it to a main road on his own . Passersby rushed him to a hospital in nearby Nablus .
In addition to the assault , Struck was also convicted for a previous incident , during which he met with the teen on the outskirts of Kusra and demanded him to leave the area claiming he was trespassing on his land . At that time he slapped the teen , and killed a newborn goat by kicking it .
`` The character testimonies that I heard are not in line with the difficult actions that the accused committed , '' Cohen wrote . `` Any punishment that does not include a prison sentence will not send the message that must come out of this court , considering the severity of his actions . ''
'Judge chose terrorist 's version '
Struck is the son of right-wing activist Orit Struck , the chairman of the Human Rights Organization of Judea and Samaria .
`` The fact that Judge Cohen chose the Arabs ' version even though the primary witness is a terrorist , over the version of Zviki , an honest farmer , is appalling , insulting , erroneous and hostile , '' Orit Struck said . `` The court very easily skipped over the discrepancies in the testimonies of the witnesses , and was determined to convict my son , who did n't do anything . ''
She also claimed that the fact that she is a prominent figure in the Hebron settlements has motivated the elements involved in the case to convict her son . `` We are paying a price for being loyal to Israel and working for its benefit . ''
Zvi Struck insisted during the trial that he did not know the complainants and asserted that they were trying to incriminate him because they claim that he took over their lands .
Upon hearing the sentence , Struck 's attorney Haim Cohen motioned the court to hold off implementing the sentence until a verdict is reached in the appeal , which he plans to file with the Supreme Court . The judge accepted the request , with the prosecution 's consent . `` We still claim that Struck is innocent , and hope that the Supreme Court proves his innocence . '' Cohen said .
Representatives of Yesh Din , a human right organization that tracks the authorities ' handling of crimes perpetrated by Israelis against Palestinians and their property , said that this is a rare case in which the investigation and prosecution elements succeeded to convict the attacker on serious charges .
According to the organization 's data , about 90 % of the complaints filed by Palestinians against Israeli citizens end up dismissed for reason that point to the failure of the investigators , including insufficient evidence and unidentified suspects .
The victim 's father expressed contentment with the verdict .
How scientists study the effects of marijuana on the brain is changing . Until recently marijuana research largely excluded tobacco users from its participant pool , but scientists at the Center for BrainHealth at The University of Texas at Dallas have found reason to abandon this practice , uncovering significant differences in the brains of individuals who use both tobacco and marijuana and the brains of those who only use marijuana .
In a study that appears online in the journal Behavioural Brain Research , scientists report an association between smaller hippocampal brain volume and marijuana use . Although the size of the hippocampus , an area of the brain associated with memory and learning , is significantly smaller in both the marijuana group and marijuana plus tobacco group compared to non-using controls and individuals who use tobacco exclusively , the relationship to memory performance is unique .
Hippocampal size of nonusers reflects a direct relationship to memory function ; the smaller the hippocampus , the poorer the memory function . Individuals who use marijuana and tobacco show an inverse relationship , i.e. , the smaller the hippocampus size , the greater memory the function . Furthermore the number of nicotine cigarettes smoked per day in the marijuana and nicotine using group appears to be related to the severity of hippocampal shrinkage . The greater the number of cigarettes smoked per day , the smaller the hippocampal volume and the greater the memory performance . There were no significant associations between hippocampal size and memory performance in individuals who only use tobacco or only use marijuana .
“ Approximately 70 % of individuals who use marijuana also use tobacco , ” explained Francesca Filbey , Ph.D. , the study 's principal investigator and Director of Cognitive Neuroscience of Addictive Behaviors at the Center for BrainHealth . “ Our findings exemplify why the effects of marijuana on the brain may not generalize to the vast majority of the marijuana using population , because most studies do not account for tobacco use . This study is one of the first to tease apart the unique effects of each substance on the brain as well as their combined effects . ”
Dr. Filbey 's research team used magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to examine the hippocampus ; an area of the brain that is known to have altered size and shape in association with chronic marijuana use . Participants completed a substance use history assessment and neuropsychological tests three days prior to an MRI head scan . The team compared four groups : nonusers ( individuals who have not had any marijuana or tobacco in the past three months ) , chronic marijuana users ( individuals who use marijuana at least four times per week ) , frequent nicotine users ( 10 or more times daily ) and chronic marijuana plus frequent nicotine users ( at least four marijuana uses per week and 10 or more nicotine uses per day ) .
“ We have always known that each substance is associated with effects on the brain and hypothesized that their interaction may not simply be a linear relationship . Our findings confirm that the interaction between marijuana and nicotine is indeed much more complicated due to the different mechanisms at play , ” said Filbey . “ Future studies need to address these compounding effects of substances . ”
She continued , “ The combined use of marijuana and tobacco is highly prevalent . For instance , a ‘ blunt ' is wrapped in tobacco leaf . A ‘ spliff ' is a joint rolled with tobacco . We really need to understand how the combined use changes the brain to really understand its effects on memory function and behavior . ”
About this neurology research
Funding : The National Institute on Drug Abuse/National Institutes of Health grants ( K01 DA021632 , FMF ) provided funding for this study .
Source : Emily Bywaters – UT Dallas Center for BrainHealth
Image Source : The image is in the public domain
Original Research : Full open access research for “ Combined effects of marijuana and nicotine on memory performance and hippocampal volume ” by Francesca M. Filbey , Tim McQueeny , Shrinath Kadamangudi , Collette Bice , and Ariel Ketcherside in Behavioral Brain Research . Published online May 25 2015 doi:10.1016/j.bbr.2015.07.029
Abstract
Combined effects of marijuana and nicotine on memory performance and hippocampal volume
Combined use of marijuana ( MJ ) and tobacco is highly prevalent in today 's population . Individual use of either substance is linked to structural brain changes and altered cognitive function , especially with consistent reports of hippocampal volume deficits and poorer memory performance . However , the combined effects of MJ and tobacco on hippocampal structure and on learning and memory processes remain unknown . In this study , we examined both the individual and combined effects of MJ and tobacco on hippocampal volumes and memory performance in four groups of adults taken from two larger studies : MJ-only users ( n = 36 ) , nicotine-only ( Nic-only , n = 19 ) , combined marijuana and nicotine users ( MJ + Nic , n = 19 ) and non-using healthy controls ( n = 16 ) . Total bilateral hippocampal volumes and memory performance ( WMS-III logical memory ) were compared across groups controlling for total brain size and recent alcohol use . Results found MJ and MJ + Nic groups had smaller total hippocampal volumes compared to Nic-only and controls . No significant difference between groups was found between immediate and delayed story recall . However , the controls showed a trend for larger hippocampal volumes being associated with better memory scores , while MJ + Nic users showed a unique inversion , whereby smaller hippocampal volume was associated with better memory . Overall , results suggest abnormalities in the brain-behavior relationships underlying memory processes with combined use of marijuana and nicotine use . Further research will need to address these complex interactions between MJ and nicotine .
“ Combined effects of marijuana and nicotine on memory performance and hippocampal volume ” by Francesca M. Filbey , Tim McQueeny , Shrinath Kadamangudi , Collette Bice , and Ariel Ketcherside in Behavioral Brain Research . Published online May 25 2015 doi:10.1016/j.bbr.2015.07.029
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News .
Russia Says It Is Starting To Draw Down Its Forces In Syria
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Russia says it is beginning to draw down its forces fighting in Syria 's war . It decisively entered the war in September 2015 , and has been a major factor keeping Syrian President Bashar Assad in power .
This is n't the first time Russia has made this kind of announcement . `` Last March , Putin also announced a withdrawal from Syria , '' NPR 's Lucian Kim reports from Moscow . `` Instead , Russia ended up intensifying its war effort . ''
This latest announcement comes on the heels of a major military victory for the Syrian regime — retaking control of rebel-held portions of the northern city of Aleppo . A cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey took effect a week ago and has appeared to reduce the violence in the war-torn country , though rebels and government forces have traded accusations of violations .
These developments `` make Russian forces less critical to Assad at this juncture of the war — though it 's unclear how extensive the drawdown might be , '' The Associated Press reports .
The chief of Russia 's General Staff , Valery Gerasimov , says Russia 's only aircraft carrier , the Admiral Kuznetsov , will be the first to go , along with its accompanying ships .
`` In accordance with the decision by Supreme Commander-in-Chief Vladimir Putin , Russia 's Defense Ministry is starting to downsize the grouping of the armed forces in Syria , '' Gerasimov said in comments broadcast on state television .
The aircraft carrier will start moving Friday back toward Russia , Gerasimov said .
The Admiral Kuznetsov has been involved in combat operations since mid-November , according to the AP . Here 's more from the news service :
Sen. Rand Paul has been one of the leading voices for criminal justice reform throughout his entire senate career , particularly of eliminating what he sees as draconian mandatory minimum sentencing laws . When Attorney General Jeff Sessions made it public on Friday that he would direct federal prosecutors to seek the harshest sentences for non-violent drug offenders , the announcement drew a quick rebuke from Sen. Paul .
“ Mandatory minimum sentences have unfairly and disproportionately incarcerated too many minorities for too long , ” said Sen. Paul in a statement . “ Attorney General Sessions ' new policy will accentuate that injustice . ”
Paul added , “ Instead , we should treat our nation 's drug epidemic as a health crisis and less than a ‘ lock ‘ em up and throw away the key ' problem . ”
RELATED : Jeff Sessions ' new drug sentencing guidelines are a shameful affront to basic human decency , common sense and good governance
Sessions ' action would essentially reverse former Attorney General Eric Holder 's directive to not pursue harsh sentencing for low-level and non-violent drug crimes . Holder said Friday that Sessions action was “ unwise ” and “ ill-informed ” and that the policy was “ not tough on crime . It is dumb on crime . ”
Criminal justice reform has become a bipartisan issue in recent years , with conservative Republicans like Sens . Paul and Mike Lee of Utah pushing to discard mandatory minimum sentencing because it has damaged the lives of many non-violent offenders because the federal guidelines impose penalties that outsize the crime committed . Lee was first inspired to take up the issue after encountering the case of Salt Lake City native Weldon Angelos — a hip-hop producer who was sentenced 55 years in prison for a first offense marijuana charge because a gun was also present at the scene of the crime .
“ I had seen harsh sentences , but this was taking it to a whole new level , ” Lee told Deseret News last week . Lee wrote President Obama a letter pleading Angelos ' case , and noted , “ A sentence for selling marijuana that is five times longer than a child rapist 's is not only unjust — it is inexplicable . ”
RELATED : This Louisiana judge explained why the drug war is n't fiscally conservative
Sen. Paul wrote in a USA Today op-ed in 2013 , “ Mandatory minimums most harm those lacking in the means to defend themselves . These laws disproportionately target the poor and minorities . ”
“ Getting rid of mandatory minimums simply means allowing judges to use their discretion in sentencing , rather than having to follow the current , draconian federal parameters that are totally detached from the very human situation at hand , ” Paul added .
Paul also noted , “ A report released recently by the American Civil Liberties Union revealed that nationally , blacks were four times as likely as whites to be arrested for marijuana possession . It also indicated that these unfortunate numbers were true despite the fact that marijuana use is about the same for both black and white Americans . ”
While Paul , Lee and other Republicans have tried to steer their party away from counterproductive “ tough on crime ” attitudes the GOP has been associated with in the past , Sessions seems firmly stuck in the 1980s , even once saying “ good people do n't smoke marijuana . ”
The transformation began when he returned from a knee injury . That 's when Mark Brunell knew something had to change . That 's when he knew he must stop being a scrambling quarterback and start being a pocket passer .
It 's a transition Washington quarterback Robert Griffin III wants to make as well . It was a difficult one to endure last season in part because he did not have an offseason to continue making that switch . But it 's one he must keep working on -- and wants to keep working on -- if he plans to have the career many predicted before his 2012 knee injury .
Brunell , the ex-Redskins quarterback , said the way to make this adjustment is n't complicated .
“ It 's very easy , and this will almost sound too basic , but it 's reps , ” Brunell said . “ It 's going through OTAs and minicamps and training camp with the mindset of , ' I 'm dropping back and absolutely have to find a receiver . ' There are four or five receivers in each pass route and your job is to find the open guy . ”
Then again , you 're changing a mindset . So perhaps it 's not so simple .
“ It 's not easy at all , ” Brunell said of changing the way a quarterback thinks the game . “ He 's played a certain way since 9 years old . That 's where good coaching comes in . That 's where study becomes very important . A perfect example is Cam Newton 's development . This year he had more of a pocket presence . He had poise , he was more selective when he chose to run and you could see he really grew . That will be critical for RG III . That 's the type of progress he needs to make . ”
In Brunell 's first two years , he ran a combined 147 times and led Jacksonville to the AFC Championship Game in that second season . But in the following August , he suffered partial tears of the MCL , PCL and ACL . He needed arthroscopic surgery and missed the first two games of the season . It 's far different than what Griffin experienced . But the need to rely less on the legs and more on the arm is comparable . So , too , was the style of play .
After the injury , Brunell never again surpassed 49 runs in a season . He might have been more raw as a quarterback than Griffin . In his second season as a starter , he ran 80 times – but also threw 20 interceptions ( and 19 touchdowns ) . After he became less of a running quarterback , Brunell never again threw more interceptions than touchdowns as a full-time starter .
By comparison , Griffin ran eight times per game as a rookie and 6.6 last season ( though it increased as the season went on – 5.4 times in the first five games and 7.4 in the next eight ) . He was hindered by the knee brace , which he wo n't wear this season . Brunell , too , wore a brace after his injury .
“ I had to sit in the pocket and throw , ” after the injury , Brunell said . “ I moved a little bit and not nearly as effectively as before . Going into the ‘ 98 seasons , I felt better as a pocket passer . It probably took me a year . I never got to the same speed , but it put me in position where I was forced to develop as a passer . In a way it was one of the best things for me . ”
Brunell said it took lots of coaching and going over throws he did n't make in a game . He was forced to explain why he did n't throw to the third or fourth receiver and instead ran . Then he became more cognizant of this approach in practice . Eventually , it segued into game success .
A key will be using more of his receivers and backs , making sure to hit the checkdown throws rather than taking off and running . It should help that the Redskins have a strong receiving corps , at least among their top three , with Pierre Garcon , DeSean Jackson and Andre Roberts . And it will help if tight end Jordan Reed can stay healthy . That would provide Griffin with four legitimate targets .
“ You ca n't make a living running around all the time , ” Brunell said . “ You have to develop as a passer . You have to have poise . You have to have a lot of patience to really make it long term . Who are the elite guys now ? They are pocket passers . Now you have a new wave of young quarterbacks – Cam and Colin [ Kaepernick ] and Russell [ Wilson ] and RG III . They can become both . Russell developed in that area from first year to last year and Cam developed . Colin has a ways to go and RG III has a ways to go .
“ He can get there . He 's one of the best young quarterbacks in the league and he got there because he 's a great athlete and he 'll be coached well . He 'll be fine . Other young quarterbacks could n't get to that point . He wo n't be one of those guys . He 's smart . ”
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Tetris Ultimate , the upcoming Xbox One and PlayStation 4 game from Assassin 's Creed and Far Cry publisher Ubisoft , runs in 1080p at 60fps , developers behind the game told GameSpot today at E3 . `` Absolutely , yes , '' a representative for the publisher said during our live stream today .
Tetris creator Alexey Pajitnov and The Tetris Company managing director Henk Rogers also appeared on our live show today to talk about Tetris Ultimate and the franchise overall . You can watch the entire segment in the video above .
Tetris Ultimate launches this summer for Xbox One and PS4 , while the PC version will arrive later on this fall . Its release coincides with the franchise 's 30th birthday . The game includes a total of six different game modes : Marathon , Endless , Ultra , Sprint , Battle , and Power-Up Battle .
See more coverage of E3 2014 →
Princess sickness , alternatively known as princess syndrome or princess disease ( Chinese : 公主病 ; pinyin : gōng zhǔ bìng ; Cantonese Yale : gūng jyú behng ; Korean : 공주병 ; Revised Romanization : gong ju byeong } ) , is a neologism used colloquially in East Asia to describe a condition of narcissism , egocentrism and materialism in women , or `` princess '' behaviour . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Conversely but less commonly , men with a similar outlook may be described as having `` prince '' sickness . [ 3 ]
It is speculated that the term originated with the rise of the Four Asian Tigers across Asia , in which rapid economic growth may have contributed to a corresponding rise in consumerist or materialistic attitudes and upper classes investing heavily in their children , who might subsequently become accustomed to material wealth and domestic help . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Causes [ edit ]
In Mainland China , Hong Kong , and Macau , low birth rates [ 5 ] have meant that families often have only children that are the sole focus of their parents ' energies . In Mainland China , the resultant phenomenon , often attributed to the former one-child policy , is known as the 'Little Emperor Syndrome ' . A combination of helicopter parenting and presence of domestic workers , allowing middle-class parents to work , can contribute to their children being spoilt . [ 6 ] A widening income gap in Hong Kong , along with concerns over democracy and social inequality , also reflects the perceived attitudes of the 'elite ' classes . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Furthermore , social mobility in East Asia is primarily based on personal and academic achievement . [ 9 ] For that reason , parents may place a great deal of academic pressure on both children and their teachers , micro-managing their child 's academic career to achieve higher grades . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] Some suggest that this results in dependence or a lack of responsibility .
In popular culture [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
`` Princess Syndrome '' ( Gōng Zhǔ Bìng 公主病 ) – a song by Taiwanese singer Jay Chou in the album Exclamation Mark . [ 12 ]
. `` Disease Princess '' – a song by Japanese musician Masa .
`` Princess Disease '' – a song by British Power Electronics group Whitehouse on their album `` Cruise ''
Other [ edit ]
`` I am a Hong Kong Girl with 公主病 ( Gung Jyuh Behng ) – Cantonese Word of the Week ! '' – YouTube video by CarlosDouh . [ 13 ]
See also [ edit ]
Read Kristen Hilderman 's letter here .
===
A Vancouver mother who felt shamed by a flight attendant after breastfeeding her son on an airplane says she 's overwhelmed by the outpouring of support after she posted a complaint on social media Tuesday night .
Kristen Hilderman was on a United Airlines flight from Houston to Vancouver on Sunday evening when a male flight attendant approached her while she was breastfeeding her five-month-old son , according to her statement on Twitter .
She claims the flight attendant named Keith came up to her husband and in a loud voice asked him : `` Are you two together ? ''
When her husband replied `` yes , '' she said the flight attendant `` tossed a blanket at him and said tersely : 'Then here , help her out . ' ``
Hilderman said she went beet red and asked him , `` Help me out with what ? '' She said the flight attendant ignored her and so she continued to feed her son .
Her complaint on Twitter had gone viral by Wednesday afternoon , receiving more than 1,800 retweets and 880 favourites . Her story has been picked up by news agencies around the world .
She said United called her on Tuesday night and apologized for her `` frustrating experience '' and said that the airline would follow up with her in 48 hours about the incident .
`` I really did n't think it was going to blow up like this , '' she said in an interview Wednesday . `` I asked United what the followup would be and how they would handle it with the flight attendant and how they would handle it companywide , but I do n't think they understood that this was turning into a big deal . ''
It is already difficult to feed a baby in the tight seating on airplanes , she said , so `` it was frustrating to have that added judgment . ''
Hilderman said most people on the plane , and on social media , told her they support what she was doing and that she has a right to feed her baby in public places .
`` He made me feel like I was doing something wrong by not having something over my son 's head . Some people say , 'Oh you should just cover up , ' but it 's not that easy . Anyone who has tried to feed a baby at this age knows it is very difficult . I 've tried to use a blanket just to see and it 's not happening . He tears it off , he tries to put it in his mouth , and if he 's trying to rip off the cover , he 's not feeding , '' she said .
Her flight was diverted from Vancouver to Seattle due to fog . When passengers once again boarded the plane , Hilderman said , she found a blanket folded up on her seat .
`` I am so furious about this entire incident , '' she said . `` I 've been breastfeeding my son in a myriad of public places since he was born and never has anyone made me feel so uncomfortable and ashamed for feeding my baby without putting a cover on his head . ''
She told The Sun she does n't think the man should be fired from his job , but she does want to know what the airline 's policy is on breastfeeding , and she hopes the company will allow women to feed their babies without having to cover their heads with blankets .
United Airlines has not yet returned a call requesting information about the incident and its policy on breastfeeding on United planes .
It 's not uncommon for airlines to have a policy on breastfeeding . WestJet , for example , says in its flight attendant manual that mothers have the right to nurse their infants in a public place and says if a passenger expresses discomfort at the sight of a mother feeding her baby then flight attendants should move that person to another seat .
`` The nursing mother does not need to be re-accommodated unless she requests to do so , '' the manual states . `` It is unacceptable to suggest that a mother use a blanket to cover up or move to the lavatory to nurse . ''
ticrawford @ vancouversun.com
===
Read the letter here :
Letter goes viral
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
The Chinese government 's efforts to clean up air quality are bearing fruit as use of dirty coal has likely dropped 40 percent over the last five years , said Wood Mackenzie .
According to data from the consultancy , the use of low-quality or dirty coal , known as sanmei , will fall to 469 million tons this year from 774 million tons in 2012 . Over 80 percent , or 650 million tons of this coal , was used in the industrial sector in 2012 .
The low-quality coal is mainly used in heating .
The reduction comes after the Chinese government steps since 2013 to reduce air pollution , a social and political hot potato .
The reforms included moves to close down inefficient and small-scale boilers and to switch to gas or electricity-powered heating for residences .
Wood Mackenzie projected the use of industrial sanmei would fall to 191 million tons by 2025 , from 650 million tons in 2012 . Its use will then fall to 100 million tons by 2035 , Wood Mackenzie forecast .
The decline of Sanmei was further aided by China 's transition toward a services-oriented economy , from a manufacturing-oriented one , leading to reduced usage of thermal coal in the industrial sector , added the consultancy .
`` As a priority of the government 's efforts to reduce sanmei use , many small , inefficient factories have been closed , '' added Wood Mackenzie in its note released on Tuesday .
In the capital city of Beijing , more than 1,300 factories were closed between 2013 and 2016 , and another 500 are expected to be shut this year , it said .
Most of these factories , however , will not be switching to gas , which can cost three times as much as coal , it said . They will switch to larger , more efficient , cleaner coal boilers or power from public thermal plants , said the consultancy .
Officials at the University of California , Riverside Bourns College of Engineering will unveil a new energy-production system on Tuesday that has the ability to convert biomass waste into energy through a process called steam hydrogasification . It also produces negligible emissions .
Using the system , most materials made of carbon -- like agricultural and municipal solid waste -- can be turned into methane , which can then be converted into liquid fuel or electricity . The California Energy Commission estimates that the state produces 47 million tons of biomass waste annually .
“ This is California technology solving a California problem to eliminate California waste , ” said Joe Norbeck , a professor emeritus at the school and one of the inventors of the technology .
The process differs from traditional dry gasification in that it allows wet materials to be processed without a drying step . Analysis by the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Energy Technology Laboratory also shows that the process is 12 percent more efficient than dry methods .
It also means that waste from agricultural and municipal sources , yard trimmings and sewage sludge could all be used as fodder for energy . Norbeck said that one ton of biomass can be converted to the equivalent of approximately one barrel of oil .
The system that will debut on Tuesday is only able to handle up to 10 pounds of biomass per hour . It 's the first of its kind and meant to serve as a prototype for larger systems that could be situated at places where waste is produced .
Norbeck said ongoing research will continue to make the technology more cost effective . University officials said they expect that California 's first commercial-scale system to be built within three years .
Carbon-based materials naturally produce methane as they decompose , and many landfills have systems in place to collect the gas . Norbeck said that steam hydrogasification greatly accelerates the process .
“ Natural gas production , if you do it in a landfill , takes a very long time . Takes months , years . Ours , you can do it in minutes , ” Norbeck said .
115 Shares Email
( This article was republished with permission from The Marshall Project , a national nonprofit news organization dedicated to covering the criminal justice system . Voice of OC made minor changes to the original version to make it more relevant to our local audience . )
Orange County 's long-running jailhouse snitch scandal has moved beyond the courtroom and into this year 's election .
Two longtime prosecutors from District Attorney Tony Rackauckas ' office — Michael Murray and Larry Yellin — are running for Superior Court judgeships , aiming to take the bench alongside judges who have called them out for misconduct .
Neither prosecutor has been formally sanctioned in the scandal , in which DA prosecutors and Orange County Sheriff 's deputies violated the constitutional rights of criminal defendants by withholding evidence gleaned by jailhouse informants from their attorneys .
But both are supervisory-level district attorneys in an office that a judge recently ruled “ habitually ignored the law over an extended period of time . ”
Both , by their own admission , have withheld evidence . But if elected , Murray and Yellin wo n't be the first prosecutors to join the bench after withholding evidence or being accused of misconduct .
Legal scholars and critics have long noted how rarely prosecutors are publicly accountable for misbehavior . A recent investigation by the New England Center for Investigative Reporting , for example , identified 120 Massachusetts criminal convictions that were reversed in the last 30 years because of prosecutorial misconduct ; at least seven of these prosecutors went on to higher posts , including judgeships , the reporters found .
“ The idea that an individual responsible for such serious misconduct could effectively stroll into the office of judge is deeply disturbing , ” says Laura Fernandez , a Yale research scholar who studies prosecutorial misconduct .
No one has yet faced charges related to the scandal , but one deputy district attorney resigned and four sheriff 's deputies refused to testify in a related hearing , citing their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
“ More troubling still , this appears to be the tip of the iceberg , ” John Van de Kamp , a former state attorney general , and Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the law school at the UC Irvine ( and Voice of OC board member ) , wrote last year in a letter to the Justice Department , requesting a federal inquiry . “ Compelling evidence of pervasive police and prosecutorial misconduct in Orange County…has caused us grave concern . ”
District Attorney Tony Rackauckas has agreed to the probe ; Justice Department spokeswoman Dena Iverson told the Marshall Project the Department is reviewing the letter and declined to comment further .
The judicial election is June 7 .
At the heart of the scandal is a database the Orange County Sheriff 's office uses to track the placement of informers in the jail . Use of jailhouse informers is constitutional , as long as the informer happens to hear the defendant talk , unprompted . But the Supreme Court said informers ca n't elicit information from someone who already has a lawyer — that would too closely resemble an interrogation .
What 's more , any deals brokered with informants , and any information that might undermine the informants ' credibility — say , that they were informants in other cases , or that they have lied on the stand in the past — must be turned over to the defense .
The database first came to light when public defender Scott Sanders combed through thousands of pages of records and pieced it together . Sanders was representing confessed mass murderer Scott Dekraai , whom DAs targeted with the scheme . Documents and subsequent hearings revealed that it was n't just Dekraai—the DA 's office had been violating these constitutional prohibitions for years .
In a searing ruling issued last March , Orange County Superior Court judge Thomas Goethals removed the entire county DA 's office — all 250 attorneys — from Dekraai 's case , the highest-profile murder case the county has ever seen , ruling that the DA had proved himself incapable of achieving “ compliance with his constitutional…obligations in this case .
“ The DA 's office then retaliated by seeking to have Goethals removed from almost every murder case it tried in the months that followed . In that instance , one of Goethals 's colleagues , Superior Court Judge Richard King , ruled that the DA 's actions “ have substantially disrupted the orderly administration of criminal justice in Orange County , the sixth largest county in the nation . ”
This legal battle is ongoing , as the DA 's office fights to maintain its ability to disqualify Goethals from cases at will .
Now , armed with new revelations from the database and its fallout , defense lawyers have begun to unravel other cases in which jailhouse informers may have been used illegally against their clients .
A handful of these cases raise questions about Murray and Yellin . In one case , Murray did n't turn over a jailhouse recording of an informer named Oscar Moriel , who had served as a snitch in several other cases . The recording could have helped the defense team of Alberto Martinez , accused of a gang-related killing .
In the tape , Martinez 's co-defendant Armando Macias downplays Martinez 's role in the gang , undermining the prosecution 's theory at trial that Martinez was a high-ranking member of the gang .
In a hearing related to the snitch scandal , Murray admitted on the stand that he violated the law by not turning over these recordings to Martinez 's or Macias 's legal teams . Both men were later sentenced to death .
In another , continuing case , the defense has argued that Murray conspired with the California Highway Patrol to hide evidence of doctored police reports .
And in 2007 , in a case unrelated to the scandal over informers , Murray was cited for misconduct by a California appeals court , which identified multiple instances when Murray misstated the law and used improper tactics at the murder trial of Thai Ba Tran .
The court upheld Tran 's conviction for two 1996 murders , but wrote , “ our conclusion Tran was not prejudiced by Michael Murray 's numerous acts of misconduct does not mean we approve of or condone his tactics and behavior . The district attorney should take little solace in the fact we have affirmed Tran 's convictions…We are troubled by the frequency in which we see prosecutorial misconduct . ”
Murray did not respond to multiple requests for comment , but on his campaign website , he says “ I have a reputation as a determined , knowledgeable and ethical prosecutor . ”
Yellin , running for a separate Superior Court seat , admitted in 2014 that he did not turn over key information from an informer in a murder case against Nuzzio Begaren . In that case , a jailhouse snitch named Raymond Cuevas not only elicited information from Begaren 's accomplice , Rudy Duran , but Cuevas also threatened that the Mexican Mafia would go after Duran if he did n't inform against Begaren .
Yellin admitted he never turned over these recordings to Begaren 's lawyers , but he was unrepentant , telling a reporter it was “ redundant ” to other evidence . “ It would have given [ Begaren 's lawyers ] nowhere to go , ” he said . In the same article , Yellin 's own boss conceded , “ it should have been turned over . ”
“ You 're talking about a situation where the jailhouse informant threatened physical violence , even death , to elicit statements , conduct that is flatly unconstitutional , ” says Fernandez , the Yale research scholar .
Yellin also did not respond to emails and Facebook messages requesting comment . On his campaign website he describes himself as “ a tough but fair prosecutor . ”
If Murray and Yellin are elected , they will be in a position to rule on cases related to withheld database evidence .
This article was reprinted with permission from The Marshall Project , a national nonprofit news organization dedicated to covering the criminal justice system .
Hello and welcome to part four of the C41 Process .
Looking back at part three there are some things I would 've done differently , but this is the whole point of this exercise , to get a better eye for photography and share my story along the way .
Just like the collections before , the majority of the photographs are taken using my Nikon F801s and 50mm 1.8D lens then developed and scanned by Hillvale , but this time I 've introduced something that 's new for me when it comes to producing images – Lightroom 5 .
I 've taken the scans I received from Hillvale , and using Lightroom I 've cropped , altered white balances , corrected perspectives , adjusted contrast and whatever else I think will make my photographs more engaging .
And so starts another chapter of learning , post-processing , but enough with the technical talk and more about the photos .
My favourite photo I 've taken to date is included in this series and it 's the one with Emily , Clare and Eb taken in the Blue Mountains . The reason ? I guess it 's the smiles that do it for me . Just wonderful .
Anyway , I enjoyed taking them and I hope you enjoy looking at them .
Andrew
Presenting , Recall !
We 're happy to announce a new League of Legends talkshow , named Recall , featuring weekly recaps of events and Season 3 action with top players and other community figures as guests . Our hosts , Ambrielle 'Katanamordecai ' Army and James 'Stress ' O'Leary , will recap the best action of each week 's Season 3 matches together with several guests . This show is sponsored by Alienware so a big thanks to them for making this possible !
This will be a Youtube show so subscribe to youtube.com/TeamDignitas so you do n't miss the episodes , or just simply check back on our page as we 'll be posting the weekly episodes on here aswell .
The Hosts
- Avid League of Legends Gamer
- Team Dignitas Interviewer Twitter : @ KatanaMordecai
- Aspiring League of Legends Caster
- Team Dignitas Event Interviewer Twitter : @ dignitasStress
Episode # 1 : LCS European Qualifiers
The first episode will air this weekend and as special guests we have William 'Scarra ' Li and Leaguepedia 's Alex Penn joining us to talk about Riot 's Season 3 Championship Series European Qualifiers , which took place last weekend . Stay tuned for the first episode , but we hope you are as excited as we are !
Discuss this show on Reddit
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports ' Sam Amick discusses what it will take for Lakers to get on the right track . USA TODAY Sports
Jim Buss , co-owner and executive vice president of basketball operations of the Los Angeles Lakers , addresses a variety of topics regarding the team . ( Photo11 : Andrew D. Bernstein , NBAE/Getty Images )
The inherent nature of sitting down with a mystery man is that the questions are in great supply .
So when Lakers part owner and executive vice president of basketball operations Jim Buss agreed to visit in downtown Waikiki earlier this month , at a Kobe steakhouse on the night that Kobe Bryant returned from injury for his preseason debut no less , it was fair to assume that the totality of the USA TODAY Sports interview would be tough to reflect in just one story . Thank goodness for Q & As .
While the much-maligned Buss ( and others ) covered a lot of ground in our main piece , there was more that was left on the cutting room floor . From his reflections on the vetoed Chris Paul trade in Dec. 2011 to the agreed-upon timeline of his own tenure ( title contention by the 2017 summer or bust ) to the intricacies of his working relationship with general manager Mitch Kupchak and more , Buss took a rare departure from his private ways and was open in ways rarely seen . The following portions of the interview were not part of the main story .
Q : I know you 're looking forward , but there was a what-if that I was hoping to ask you about . Does the Chris Paul trade still haunt you a bit ?
A : “ I think it would have speeded up the process . Let 's put it that way . I do n't think it is going to suppress us for many years because of a trade that did n't happen . All it did was make us alter course and maybe prolong the rebuild a year or two . It 's hard to say exactly what would have happened . Obviously I do n't like to harp on it . It is what it is , but obviously we would have been a very good team . ”
Q : Have you ever spoken to David Stern about that ? ( The NBA owned the New Orleans Hornets at the time and the former Commissioner made the controversial decision )
A : “ Oh , I think there was enough publicity on it to where I did n't have to say anything . I love David Stern , and we had a great relationship with him as Commissioner . I think probably maybe this year or next year I 'll probably sit down and have lunch with him , to see what the thought pattern was . ( Laughs )
“ You have to assume that , ‘ What was the thought process behind that ? Why would you nix a deal that turned out to be better than the deal ( that they vetoed ) ? ... That kind of handcuffed ( New Orleans ) for years . It did n't make any sense , but I want to see what they were thinking . ”
Q : Were you angry , disappointed ? What was the emotion ?
A : “ Oh , it was disappointment . Not anger . My Dad ( the late Lakers owner , Dr. Jerry Buss ) has taught me that , ‘ What good does it do to be angry ? ' Right away , within probably an hour I 'd say , we were trying to strategize what we 'd do – maybe within 15 minutes . Once we found , we were trying to figure out if we could up the ante ( on the trade market ) .
“ There were a lot of things , but anger was n't one of them . Disappointment . OK , and you just get right back to work . You take the punches with the good and the bad . That was a hard punch , but we knew it was just going to have to alter the course . But we made some great moves after that , got right back to it – with ( the July 2012 trade with the Phoenix Suns for ) Steve Nash . Unfortunately , his back completely went out . There was nothing you could do . I love Steve Nash . I 'd do that trade again . If you give me two good years ( of Nash ) at 80 percent ? Forget it . With Dwight Howard on the pick and roll ? Forget it . I mean Vegas is n't dumb . They knew that we did it right , and that was after Chris Paul . So we were right back at it , and now it 's just taking us a couple of years . That 's what I mean , give us two or three more years and we 'll see that we got breaks . I think Russell is going to be that good . ”
Q : Looking forward then , there 's so much talk about the timeline of your tenure . But beyond the question of that timeline itself , I 'd always wondered if – when it comes to working with your sibling – are those tough conversations to have ? ( Jim 's sister , Jeanie , has the final say in the organization as Lakers president and governor )
A : “ Tough conversations ? ( Jeanie ) just listened ( laughs ) . It was n't a conversation . It was like Jeanie , ‘ You know what , this is my plan . This is what I 'm going to do . ' I just put it out there . She did n't put it out there ( publicly ) . She did n't put any demands on me .
“ I think it has worked when I put myself on the line . I think people respected that . I think your Laker fans who are worried , I think they got a lot of relief from the fact that I said , ‘ Here , do n't worry , this is what we 're going to do , and if I do n't do it , you 've got somebody else , do n't worry about it . ' I ca n't fire myself . I own the team . So really , nothing would change except for I would n't have those ( basketball decision-making duties ) . I would take myself out of the decision ( making process ) . And Jeanie was like , ‘ If that 's what you want to do , that 's fine . ' ”
Q : How often do you think about your Dad ?
A : “ Every day . Yeah . I talked to him every day , probably 10 times a day . We would talk basketball , we would talk horses , we would talk gambling – not gambling , but poker . Mainly ( talking ) basketball seven phone calls out of 10 ( every day ) , and the other two were ‘ Hey , did you see how that guy got beat in the World Series ( of Poker ) ? ' He was a major poker player . He was very good , but he knew his limitations . He was n't young enough to compete in the big games . If he had done it when he was like 30 , oh I guarantee he probably would have won the World Series . ”
Q : With you and Mitch , I do n't have a great sense of the dynamic there . You seem like you always get along , but can you shed some light on that relationship .
A : “ Oh , it 's fantastic . I 've been working with him for probably close to 15 years , as he 's been GM . That right ? And I worked with ( former Lakers executive ) Jerry ( West ) before that . Of course I was doing more scouting with Jerry and just learning the ropes . What to look for . He has taught me things that are still very , very important to this day , and very insightful . You constantly see that he was right . ( West ) is right a lot of times ( laughs ) . You can hear very intelligent people talk about it , but I put my money on Jerry West when it comes to his knowledge of the game and what makes a pro . ”
Q : So are you happy for him with the success of the Warriors , or tough because it 's a so-called enemy ? ( West is an advisor with Golden State now )
A : “ I 'm just happy . We 've got his son ( director of player personnel Ryan West ) . We 've got his son , so we 're fine . ”
Q : I 'm going to switch gears on you . Analytics have fast become a major part of the league , and there are plenty of folks who wonder if the Lakers are where they need to be when it comes to advanced statistics . What 's your perspective on that front ?
A : “ Do you remember when – and you might not be old enough to remember – but when computers , basically your laptop , first basically came out , the concept was that computers were going to run the world and you 're going to be so much smarter than the next guy because you have a computer . But the truth of the matter is it 's what you put into the computer . The computer just does it faster , quicker , and more accurate than you can because you have to do it by hand , but what you feed into it is the difference .
“ Analytics , in basketball , when you hear that , it does n't mean ( expletive ) . It does n't . If you tell a guy to break down basketball for you , if they do n't know basketball , they ca n't break it down . ”
Q : Well you guys have made some changes in that department , so how has it changed for you ?
A : “ We have n't made changes . We 've had these guys for years , and what we 're doing is trying to figure out through them what 's the best input to make an impact . I use the word ‘ impact player ' all the time . ‘ Impact values ' is what I have . I use my numbers to see and judge players . I use Mitch ( to see ) ‘ Does he fit in the basketball sense ? ' because you ca n't just fit a number guy in there . If you have five number guys who can all perform and are all number players , they 're not going to win if they do n't get along , if they do n't fit , and that 's where you need a GM . ”
Q : Without asking you to tip your hand too much , what do you mean when you say ‘ my numbers ' – conceptually ?
A : “ I interpret other people 's numbers , take pieces from what this person 's number is – their actual mathematical basis for their number – and if I like certain parts of it , I 'll extract those factors from different people , analyze what I think and my knowledge of the game is what I feel is an impact ( player ) .
“ We 've done our own studies . My Dad and I used to do this 10 years ago . What is the biggest impact ? If you outrebound your opponent , you win more games than you do n't . Of course you do . But do you win more than ( when you consider ) another statistic ? And you know what the statistic is . It 's shooting percentage , flat-out . If you shoot 48 ( percent ) , and they shoot 46 , you 're going to win nine out of 10 times . It 's very unusual ( to not win ) . Now with the three-pointer , that changes things up , but you can break that down mathematically what a three-pointer is worth . If you shoot 42 ( percent ) at three ( point range ) , 48 at two ( point range ) , and the other team shoots only twos at 45 , you 're going to win , because the 42 really translates to – you know what I mean ? So my numbers take it – it 's a combination , a hodgepodge of different formulas . I 've been doing for 10 , 12 years . ”
Q : Is this influenced by your Dad at all ?
A : “ My Dad did n't have the numbers . He would use my numbers . He basically did the same thing . He 'd listen to how I came up with the numbers , and then pick his parts that he liked out of the numbers , and then say , ‘ Can you readjust them using ‘ A , ' ‘ C , ' and ‘ M , ' ? And then he would say , ‘ That 's what I think is important to basketball . ' And you 'd say , ‘ Ok , ' and it would come out and we would just spit it out . ”
Q : That 's a smaller part of the operation , but you 've mentioned the bigger picture of the league having changed ( by way of the NBA 's current collective bargaining agreement that was put into place in 2011 ) a few times .
A : “ ( It has changed ) for the better . I 'm not complaining about that , by the way ( laughs ) . Parity is great , but you just have to adjust . When you 're on a path like this , and then they change the rules , well if your path has now been altered , now you have to figure out how to keep on that path , or you just got screwed and they completely shut down your path . Whatever it takes . It 's not a problem . ”
“ ( Jerry Buss ) taught me for all these years , we 're always looking three to five years ahead . Right now , I 'm not looking at this season…I do n't care about making the playoffs and getting eliminated in the playoffs . What I care about is getting the core players , because we want to get to the top , and the only way we can get to the top is to have the core players , get the free agents , have flexibility in our ( salary ) cap , and we 'll be there within three years . Not a problem . Boom . ”
Q : With Mitch , though , do you like the way you two fit ? In terms of duties and the way you complement each other , how is it ?
A : “ Well , I think when you go over the tape you 'll hear me talk about my numbers , my impact values , and how much I put into those numbers , how much time and effort . I work every night on them . I truly work almost every night on them , only just to tweak it , to perfect it . What 's entertainment for me is to say , ‘ What ( impact value ) number did I have on this player who turned out to be a hell of a player ? What did I miss ? ' Well , you know what , ‘ My numbers had him right up there . ' So I get pumped up . That 's entertainment to me . ”
Q : How do you store this info ?
A : “ It 's on the computer . But Mitch is fantastic at piecing together a team based on what makes a great team , ok ? So if he says , ‘ You know what , we 're hurting a little bit at small forward , what do you think of this guy , or what do you think of this guy ? '…Those are n't guys that he picked . Those are guys that are available . And I 'll come back , and I 'll say , ‘ Well Mitch , this guy fits my numbers . This guy is close , so which way would you go ? ' And then he 'll ask me .
“ When we first started together , he would say , ‘ Well , this is the guy I want , ' and I 'd say , ‘ Well it 's close enough , so it does n't matter . Do what you want . ' But now , it has gotten to the point where he 's believing in the analytics , and he 'll say , ‘ Who 's the better impact player ? ' Well this is the better impact player , as opposed to this guy , but it 's close . He 'll say , ‘ You know what , truthfully , they 're about 50-50 in my book , ' and then he 'll start leaning toward this ( guy ) .
“ That 's the only thing that has changed in the last eight years , is that he 's more open to that . But that 's how we work . How we work is , he 'll say who 's available . Here 's what we need . Here 's what we have to do , and I 'll say , ‘ Ok , here 's the player . ' Now when it comes to player 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 ( on the roster ) , then I get involved to the point where I 'll say , ‘ You know what , this guy on my numbers is a guy who has potential to be an impact player . ' And he 'll say , ‘ Well , he 's not even drafted . ' Exactly ( laughs ) . We 'll take him , or we 'll get him , or we 'll sign him to a guaranteed contract for one year . Let 's test him out . And we 've done extremely well with that . ”
Q : So bottom line , you feel good about the fit with Mitch ?
A : “ One hundred percent – not even 95 . One hundred percent . I ca n't do it without him , and he could n't do it without me . ”
Image credit : Getty Images .
Loading ...
New Delhi : With the ICC clipping BCCI 's financial wings in its new financial model for the next eight years , the Indian board is contemplating pulling out of the Champions Trophy and the future ICC tournaments unless the ICC agrees to pay them USD 450 million .
But the Committee of Administrators — appointed by the Supreme Court — believe that it is not a feasible option as that could hamper the future of IPL .
Speaking to Cricketnext , a senior BCCI official who was present in Dubai during the meeting said that the board has no option but to pull out of ICC events because the current revenue promised to BCCI — $ 293m — is just not acceptable and agreeing to that would set a wrong precedent for the future .
“ We realise that pulling out of the Champions Trophy would also mean pulling out of the future ICC events , including the World Cup as per the Members Participation Agreement ( MPA ) . But we have our back against the wall and there is no option left with us because to come down from $ 571m to $ 293m is just not possible .
“ Also , let me reiterate , it is not just about the money . We are also not willing to accept the changes in governance model . At the end of the day , it is about our country and the interest of Indian cricket which can not be sacrificed under any circumstance . We had requested them to wait for 2-3 months , but Manohar took the opportunity to kick us when we are down , ” he said .
Also Read : ICC Still Open to Negotiate , Offers BCCI USD 390 Million
Asked if the BCCI is willing to accept the further $ 100 that the ICC is still willing to give BCCI — making the new revenue stand at $ 390m — the official said : “ Going into the meeting , Amitabh Chaudhary had in a very polite tone told them that an offer of $ 450 million would still put him in a position where he would return to India and convince the BCCI members . But ICC chairman Shashank Manohar refused to relent .
“ We are not willing to accept anything less than $ 450 and also , there should be no change in the governance structure as I already told you . If that means pulling out of ICC tournaments we will , because according to the MPA , if the ICC changes the revenue or governance structure which BCCI is not keen on , the board can terminate the MPA . ”
The COA though feels that a strong stand could hamper Indian cricket in the long run , including the organisation of the Indian Premier League .
“ The COA had briefed Amitabh before he went for the meeting on how the member countries had reacted to the proposals of revenue-model change when the committee interacted with them . The committee was n't present in Dubai , so they ca n't say what transpired . But pulling out of the Champions Trophy is still not the way forward .
“ The COA wants the BCCI to realise that pulling out could mean a situation where the other countries stop providing NOCs to players who participate in the IPL . Can the BCCI conduct the IPL this successfully if the foreign stars are absent ? The COA would still want the board to decide on a middle-path , ” a source close to the COA told CricketNext .
Asked if the COA was willing to mediate , the source said : “ The BCCI never asked them to . They definitely are open to finding out a middle-path if the board members want the committee of administrators to help . ”
For the record , BCCI 's earlier share of $ 571 million was curtailed to $ 293 million with Australia not losing out on anything and England 's loss being minimal .
Cricket Australia was earlier getting $ 131.25 million and the new model gives them an additional $ 0.75 million . England are losing out on $ 40 million in the new deal while all other Test playing nations stand to gain significantly .
First Published : April 28 , 2017 , 8:38 AM IST
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
This is pretty gossipy even by gossipy blog standards , but it 's so tasty that it 's worth chuckling at a bit .
Former big leaguer Andy Van Slyke was on a St. Louis radio station today and told the host that someone — he 's not saying who ! — on the Dodgers went to management and said that the club had to get rid of Yasiel Puig .
Or , maybe he did say who :
Andy Van Slyke on STL radio : `` Highest paid player on the Dodgers told GM , you got ta get rid of Puig . '' Kershaw ? `` Did n't say his name . '' Uhh… — Chris Hrabe ( @ chrabe ) November 19 , 2015
And yes , Kershaw is the highest paid player on the Dodgers . UPDATE : Here 's a link to the audio of that . Van Slyke 's comments start at the two minute mark .
If that 's true — and who knows if it is , as a lot of ex-players say a lot of crazy things from time to time — how would Andy Van Slyke even know that , though ? Seems pretty insider-y to me . And Van Slyke does n't even work for the Dodgers . Hmmm .
I got it ! Maybe he knows someone who hangs out with Kershaw a bunch . Someone like , I dunno , his very own son ?
Boy , you have to wonder if Thanksgiving is gon na be awkward at the Van Slyke residence next week .
If this is n't true and if Van Slyke is just trying to sound wise he probably owes an apology to Kershaw . If it is true , and Kershaw is telling the front office that Puig needs to go , it 's gon na make life a lot of fun for the Dodgers ' next manager . Because Puig , whatever else you can say about him for bad and for good , is not in a great place to be traded right now , coming off of an injury–plagued season .
Good luck Gabe Kapler or Dave Roberts or whoever takes over .
City tips on managing the snow
I shared the same post from the City of Bend on Facebook but it 's worth posting here as well . The City of Bend sent out an email today with tips to share for everyone managing the snow and understanding the plowing situation :
This winter 's buildup of snow is not business as usual , and we need the community 's help in providing the best street maintenance and public safety service possible . We are expecting a lot more snow in the next couple of days . The City of Bend is asking for residents ' help in protecting themselves and their neighbors by parking vehicles off the street whenever possible to allow plows drivers to clear streets as widely as possible , not only for you but also for emergency vehicles such as Fire Engines . Media contacts if you want to talk about parking and : Road clearing : Jon Skidmore , Assistant City Manager , 541-693-2175 , jskidmore @ bendoregon.gov
Emergency vehicles ' access : Bend Fire Department Battalion Chief Dave Howe , 541-322-6313 , dhowe @ bendoregon.gov Also : When the City is plowing these significant record levels of snow , the snow may end up as a berm across a driveway , or covering a sidewalk or a fire hydrant . We apologize for the inconvenience this may cause . We do not have the resources to shovel out driveway berms and fire hydrants . This is the responsibility of residents . During the snowfall , streets are typically , initially opened with one pass through to make it just passable for drivers . This is our first priority . As weather conditions change , crews often alter their snow-clearing strategies in the midst of operations to control drifting snow , ice or other special emergency situations . Plow drivers often end up making multiple passes in order to clear a street . A snow removal tip from the Streets and Operations Department to reduce your shoveling workload : If you want to clear your driveway ( or curb/sidewalk/mailbox/hydrant ) before the snowplows come , also clear an area on both sides of your driveway and out in the right-of way ( about three or four feet , creating a large pocket in front of your home ) and pile snow onto your yard , not in the street . This may reduce the huge pile of snow in your driveway when snowplows clear your street . The more snow you clear from these areas , the less will be deposited at your driveway entrance .
You can find details on City 's Winter Street Operations here .
And the Bend Fire Department sent out a PSA today about the importance of clearing snow from your roof :
As the snow gets deeper and deeper on roofs , the Bend Fire Department recommends that you get a qualified professional to remove the extra loading , for several reasons : Excess snow on the roof can weaken and potentially collapse a structure , particularly an older building with a shallow pitched roof .
Snow melting on a roof can refreeze into ice dams , which force subsequent snow melt to leak into the structure .
Melting snow can freeze into icicles , which can cause serious injury if they fall on people , and
Deep snow on a roof can bury a gas appliance flue , causing the exhaust to enter the home . This condition can introduce carbon monoxide , a colorless , odorless poisonous gas in the building . Make sure your gas vent is clearly above the level of the snow , and monitor it when new storms are predicted .
And , this week you can park in the downtown garage overnight for free to help crews in clearing the streets :
Downtown Bend Parking Garage overnight restrictions have been relaxed through this Friday , January 13th as the City of Bend encourages downtown employees and patrons to avoid parking on local roads to assist crews working to clear streets . Downtown employees and patrons who feel that they need to leave their car downtown overnight can park in the Parking Garage located at 61 NW Oregon Avenue without receiving a ticket between the hours of 6 pm and 8 am . This change in restrictions is aimed at removing cars from downtown roads and parking spaces , allowing plowing crews to clear additional room . Plows will be through downtown regularly for the duration of the storm .
As I 've seen pointed out , this is the type of storm and winter Central Oregon gets only once every 20 to 25 years or so . ( You 'll hear long-timers compare this one to the winter of '92-'93 . ) It 's certainly shaping up to be such a winter and with another storm warning in place for the next couple of days it 's best to stay cautious and do what you can to keep the snow clear .
2017 Hobey Baker winner Will Butcher will hit unrestricted free agency on August 15 after deciding not to sign an entry-level contract with the Colorado Avalanche , reports BSN Denver 's Adrian Dater . The news was confirmed to Dater by Butcher 's agent , Brian Bartlett .
“ We informed the Avalanche of that decision , ” Bartlett said . “ We appreciate what Colorado has done , and we 're not ruling out the Avalanche as a potential destination . But we just feel there will be other opportunities that should be explored too , and therefore we 're going ( to the 15th ) . ”
Butcher , 22 , was drafted by Colorado in the fifth round ( No . 123 overall ) of the 2013 NHL Draft . He spent the past four years at the University of Denver , where he progressed to become one of the Avs ' top prospects in their backyard .
As a senior last season , Butcher recorded 37 points in 43 games en route to winning the Hobey Baker , which is awarded to the top player in college hockey each season . Denver also won the national championship this year by defeating Minnesota-Duluth in the title game .
Now Butcher has the chance to hit the open market in mid-August , when the Avs ' draft rights to him expire . At that point , the other 30 teams will be able to make offers , just like a year ago when Jimmy Vesey left the Predators .
This is where the Blackhawks should once again jump into the fray . They 've often pursued top young players from college and Europe to supplement their prospect pipeline , including Vesey last summer . In Butcher , there 's another obvious target that GM Stan Bowman should have his eyes set on .
Right now , the Blackhawks ' defense is n't exactly shaping up to be a juggernaut next season . Yes , they still have Duncan Keith , but the rest of the lineup is full of question marks that wo n't be answered until the season begins . Michal Kempny , Gustav Forsling , and Erik Gustafsson are the top candidates to fill the final two spots behind Keith on the left side of the defense .
Chicago seems optimistic that it 'll get serviceable performance from those players , but none of them are sure things . With that in mind , the Hawks could offer Butcher the chance to compete against these guys for playing time . If he 's confident in his own abilities , which you 'd imagine he is after dominating college hockey last season , then there 's reason to believe he 'd be interested in the opportunity .
And while the Hawks ' salary cap situation is tight as always , it would n't be a concern here . As a free agent , Butcher will be limited to entry-level offers , so the max he can sign for is a $ 925,000 base salary and $ 2.85 million in bonuses per year . That 's what Vesey got from the New York Rangers , and it 's likely what Butcher will get on his first NHL contract .
The Blackhawks were probably looking forward to a year without a contract overage now that Artemi Panarin 's entry-level deal is off the books , but the risk would likely be worth it here . Butcher would only get the majority of those bonuses if he 's an absolute beast out of the gate just like Panarin was . If that happens , I 'm guessing the Blackhawks would be content to pay up .
Butcher would n't necessarily solve the Hawks ' defense issues . He 's certainly not a sure thing as a 22-year-old with no professional experience . But Chicago is already taking a gamble , so why not add another lottery ticket to increase your odds ? If having a couple of intriguing options in Forsling and Kempny is good , then having three intriguing options by adding Butcher would be even better .
The Hawks showed a year ago with their pursuit of Vesey that they 're willing to go after these kinds of players . Vesey did n't exactly light the world on fire in New York , but he was still decent with 16 goals in his rookie season . Butcher has n't had the same hype as Vesey this offseason , but he could similarly be useful right out of the gate .
As the Blackhawks try to get younger on defense , they 'll be banking on guys like Forsling and Connor Murphy to play well . Butcher could be another option , and the cost would simply be a bonus-laden ELC . That 's a risk and reward opportunity worth going after .
EDMONDS , Wash. – Elementary school kids in Edmonds are tackling one of Washington 's most controversial wildlife issues : Reducing conflict between wolves and livestock .
`` We do n't want the wolves to go away . We want them to stay in the population , '' said Soarin Shultz , who is on a team of elementary school kids at Edmonds Heights .
Their team is part of the national First Lego League robotics competition . This year , the teams have to solve a wildlife issue by building a robot and performing a skit to explain it .
`` It does n't matter how old you are as long as your idea is good , '' said Gem Arbogast .
The students found a drone that sprays fertilizer , but the kids would spray wolf scat and urine . It 's called biofencing , and the kids hope it would trick wolves into staying away because they smell another pack in the area .
`` I hope that it makes farming on public land and dealing with wolves easier in our state , '' said Faith Waggoner .
Conservationists believe there 's too much grazing land for the biofencing idea to work .
Still , the kids and their teacher have found the process to be a valuable one . They called wolf and cattle experts around the country to learn more . They 've even learned to see a little wolf in themselves .
`` In the first day of class they asked what our spirit animal is , and mine was a wolf , because I can be very mellow sometimes , but sometimes I can be aggressive like a wolf , '' Soleil Schultz said .
The kids move on to the competition semi-finals in January . Even if their idea just stays an idea , they hope it raises awareness . After all , their team name is the `` Flaming Wolves . ''
Copyright 2016 KING
One of the great selling points used by the extraction-industry grifters in selling their two major current projects -- fracking and more pipelines -- is all the money that will fall from the skies upon the poor people of the land if we just let them frack away happily or build all their death-funnels . Except that , maybe , not so much .
It seemed promising . Two wells drilled on his lease hit as sweet a spot as the Marcellus shale could offer - tens of millions of cubic feet of natural gas gushed forth . Last December , he received a check for $ 8,506 for a month 's share of the gas . Then one day in April , Feusner ripped open his royalty envelope to find that while his wells were still producing the same amount of gas , the gusher of cash had slowed . His eyes cascaded down the page to his monthly balance at the bottom : $ 1,690 . Chesapeake Energy , the company that drilled his wells , was withholding almost 90 percent of Feusner 's share of the income to cover unspecified `` gathering '' expenses and it was n't explaining why .
Of course it was n't explaining why . It got what it wanted . The wells are dug . What 's Feusner going to do , fill them with concrete in the dark of night ? How could something like this happen ? Well , once again , the federal government passed a law to prevent it from happening , only to have the briefcase elves show up to shred the law when nobody was looking .
In 1982 , in a landmark effort to keep people from being fleeced by the oil industry , the federal government passed a law establishing that royalty payments to landowners would be no less than 12.5 percent of the oil and gas sales from their leases . From Pennsylvania to North Dakota , a powerful argument for allowing extensive new drilling has been that royalty payments would enrich local landowners , lifting the economies of heartland and rural America . The boom was also supposed to fill the government 's coffers , since roughly 30 percent of the nation 's drilling takes place on federal land . Over the last decade , an untold number of leases were signed , and hundreds of thousands of wells have been sunk into new energy deposits across the country . But manipulation of costs and other data by oil companies is keeping billions of dollars in royalties out of the hands of private and government landholders , an investigation by ProPublica has found .
And , sometimes , the grifters just say , screw it , we have more money than you do , and more lawyers .
In Oklahoma , Chesapeake deducted marketing fees from payments to a landowner -- a joint owner in the well -- even though the fees went to its own subsidiary , a pipeline company called Chesapeake Energy Marketing . The landowner alleged the fees had been disguised in the form of lower sales prices . A court ruled that the company was entitled to charge the fees . Costs such as these are normally only documented in private transactions between energy companies , and are almost never detailed to landowners . `` To find out how the calculation is done , you may well have to file a lawsuit and get it through discovery , '' said Owen Anderson , the Eugene Kuntz Chair in Oil , Gas & Natural Resources at the University of Oklahoma College of Law , and an expert on royalty disputes . `` I 'm not aware of any state that requires that level of disclosure . ''
If we really are going to be the `` Saudi Arabia of natural gas , '' and I 'm not entirely sure that the slogan is entirely worth the earthquakes , then this is the kind of thing that needs to be slapped down hard , lest we wind up with both Saudi jurisprudence and social policy . We need oversight and we need a recognition of what ought to be Rule No . 1 in these transactions -- Energy Companies Always Lie . About Everything . Forever .
Bernie Sanders for instance says this all the time . “ The U.S. is the only major country on earth that does n't guarantee healthcare for all as a right . ”
Healthcare of course is not a right , it is a commodity or a service . Take the right to free speech for instance . No one needs to produce free speech in order for you to have it , you simply have the right to free speech . Healthcare on the other hand , whether drugs , or hospitals , need to be produced by doctors or other healthcare professionals . So healthcare is definitely not a right . So why does Bernie and others use this rhetoric when talking about healthcare , or other commodities or services that they desire ? Lets think back to the right to free speech again . When you hear that the right to free speech is being denied somewhere , you automatically understand that some sort of injustice is being done . Bernie wants you to have the same emotional response when thinking about healthcare , if someone does n't have healthcare , that means that something unjust is being done , and you should feel bad or guilty . You see guilt is the leftists stock and trade , and the inducing of guilt is their only means of self perpetuation . If the public is not kept under a stream of demeaning accusations , we might look around and put an end of all this unnecessary self guilt .
However , if we drop the emotional rhetoric , what Bernie is really saying , is that the U.S. does not guarantee healthcare to everybody as a matter of law . This of course immediately reminds me of a scene from Tommy Boy , where a car parts buyer wants Tommy to put a guarantee on the box 's of his car products , because all the other manufactures have one . Before I tell you Tommy 's brilliant response that gets him the sale , lets look around the world at countries which do have this so-called guarantee .
This is a Venezuela hospital . In Venezuela healthcare is a guaranteed right . Does this look guaranteed to you ?
These are Canadian wait times for common surgical procedures . I do n't want to exaggerate the seriousness of these wait times , but some people do die waiting for their guarantee .
These are the 5 year survival rates for various cancers . How good is a guarantee for getting healthcare , if the healthcare you get is sub par ?
Which takes us back to Tommy Boy 's brilliant response . Tommy asked the question , why do they put a fancy guarantee on the box ? We should similarity ask , why do they want to put a fancy guarantee on healthcare ? It is because they want us to feel all warm and toasty inside . However , all they are really selling us , is a guaranteed piece of shit . Hey , if you want me to take a dump in a box and mark it guaranteed , I will , I got spare time . But for now , for your sake , for your family 's sake , you might want to think about buying some quality healthcare in the US .
Healthcare in the U.S. of course is only partially free . Government has ruined healthcare in the U.S. long before Obamacare , but this is for another time .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Buy Photo Letter to the Editor ( Photo : Democrat files ) Buy Photo
Recently Professor Paul Cottle wrote about the disastrous decline in middle school math achievement in Florida . He sees the main problem as inadequate teachers , and the solution being to attract better teachers with higher pay .
But I have recently encountered `` Common Core '' math curriculum up close tutoring primary school kids , and I suspect that Common Core is failing these students in the earlier grades , and they are arriving in middle school without basic math skills .
Just take a look at `` lattice multiplication , '' for example . It is confusing for students to learn , it is tough for teachers to teach , and the parents ca n't help their kids at home . And we have a train wreck in middle school .
Craig Reeder , Tallahassee
Read or Share this story : http : //on.tdo.com/1Y26c5D
British oil giant BP won 24 bids to begin offshore exploration in the Gulf of Mexico this week , just days after federal authorities lifted a ban imposed against the company for its involvement in the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill off the coast of Louisiana . As Reuters reports , BP submitted 31 bids ahead of Wednesday 's auction in New Orleans , held by the US Interior Department . Its 24 winning bids are valued at $ 41.6 billion , though competitors Shell , Chevron , and Freeport McMoRan submitted winning bids that are worth more .
BP had been barred from bidding on new federal contracts for over a year following the Deepwater Horizon spill , but the ban was lifted last week after the company struck an agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) . Under the agreement , BP will implement stronger safety and corporate governance rules , and will be monitored by an EPA-approved independent auditor over the next five years . BP had filed a lawsuit against the EPA to have the ban lifted , but will now drop the suit as part of this month 's agreement .
`` We treat corporate criminals far more leniently than we do human criminals . ''
BP 's business in the Gulf of Mexico has dramatically declined since the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , which led to the worst offshore oil spill in US history . Today , the company produces about 190,000 barrels per day in the gulf — not even half of what it saw prior to the disaster — and Shell has since overtaken it to become the largest deepwater producer in the area . The disaster , which killed 11 people , saw millions of gallons of oil pour into the gulf , wreaking widespread environmental damage that researchers are still working to gauge .
BP 's winning bids suggest that the company is poised to expand its presence in the area , though environmental groups have criticized the EPA 's decision to lift the ban , arguing that its agreement does n't go far enough and expressing concerns over monitoring efforts going forward .
`` BP has not addressed the cultural problems that led to the ban in the first place , '' Tyson Slocum , director of the watchdog organization Public Citizen , told the National Journal last week . `` We treat corporate criminals far more leniently than we do human criminals , and that is a sad state of affairs . ''
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management will review each bid before awarding the leases , in order to guarantee that `` the public receives fair market value . ''
0 of 13
Right now , the FC Barcelona crop are considered the best team in the world and one of the best of all time . The Camp Nou is treated to a spectacle every week , with world class players routinely dismantling their opposition .
But it has n't always been like that . At the beginning of the decade , Barcelona were in great crisis , even finishing sixth in the 2003 La Liga , and some really woeful footballers donned the Blaugrana jersey ( mostly in the first half of the decade ) .
For any culé , this slideshow will evoke really dire memories , mostly of the Joan Gaspart era , but it will also help understand how lucky they are to have the current crop and how these successful times should be cherished .
You can follow me on Twitter @ Manueltraquete
PROTECTING players going for the ball will again be at the forefront this season , with AFL football operations boss Mark Evans ordering umpires to be more stringent in the upcoming NAB Challenge .
Evans said he would rather see extra free kicks be paid — incorrectly or otherwise — than have a player be injured when being lifted or rotated in a tackle .
He has directed umpires to have their whistle ready should a player be lifted or spun to the ground in a tackle and not hesitate in paying a free kick .
“ We have defined that I want umpires to pick up anytime a player is lifted in a tackle and any time they 're forcefully rotated to the ground , then those sorts of things should result in a free kick , ” Evans told SEN on Thursday morning .
“ The whole aim being , I 'd rather pay free kicks and maybe have one or two be wrong rather than having a tackle go wrong and have one player injured and one player at the tribunal . ”
Clubs wo n't be the only ones experimenting with their game plans in the NAB Challenge , which kicks off on February 18 , with Evans ordering a tightening of the deliberate-out-of-bounds rule and also protected space around a player taking a kick .
“ We think there 's far more boundary play , we would prefer that we keep the ball alive if we can , ” he explained .
“ We 're increasing the size of the protected area and in the NAB Challenge , in the first two matches for each club , we 'll have that a 10m protected area rather than five .
“ If that ends up being too large , we have the capacity to scale that back down to eight metres for the season , but we 'll take feedback from coaches and players on that first . ”
It was a year full of breakout stars in the UFC , but few can say they had two fights as memorable as Lando Vannata in 2016 .
After putting on a barnburner with Tony Ferguson when called up at late notice at UFC Fight Night 91 : McDonald vs. Lineker in July , Vannata went on to record his first UFC win in Toronto , Canada , in December , when he hit John Makdessi with one of the most stunning spinning heel kick knockouts ever seen inside the Octagon at UFC 206 .
Staying humble
Vannata made an impact like no other man last year , but despite creating some serious ripples already , he 's staying humble to core .
`` Getting my first win meant a lot to me , but one thing it meant was that a silenced all the doubters , '' Vannata said . `` After coming in against Tony [ Ferguson ] on two weeks ' notice and putting it to him like I did , one of the biggest things for me was going out there and showing the world what I 'm really capable of , and yeah , it turned out to be a really good night . ''
Hitting 'that ' kick
Despite his knockout at UFC 206 coming so late in the year , Vannata has been the winner of several of the `` knockout of the year '' awards being dished out online .
Receiving such recognition is something he 's enjoyed , but he 's not letting all the love go to his head .
`` It 's been cool , but it is what it is , '' Vannata said . `` It 's a little whatever to me , but it was really cool coming back from vacation and walking in to the gym and seeing there was a package with a trophy in it saying '2016 Knockout of the Year ' from one of the websites .
[ instagram url= '' https : //www.instagram.com/p/BN45BZKhv7z/ '' hide_caption= '' 0 '' ]
`` I do n't know , it 's pretty cool to get that man , but yeah , I do n't know -- it was a cool knockout , '' he said , almost sounding a little embarrassed by the accolade .
`` It was true , '' he said in regards to it being something he 'd been practicing before . `` In that Tony Ferguson fight I threw that same kick and a spinning backfist . In that last camp I was practicing that kick a lot and throwing little side kicks along the way to set up that spinning heel kick . I was throwing a whole bunch of different techniques form that series right there . I have a whole series of my own from that set up .
`` It was just one of the techniques I 'd been drilling a lot at the time . I was drilling it through the camp , the day before the fight , the day of the fight , in the locker room warming up , just throwing it over and over again . And yeah , it just found a home on fight night . ''
Excitement to the end
Having put on two spectacle performances so far , Vannata promised that this was only beginning and that we should all expect a lot more exciting fights from him to come in the future .
`` The last four fights I 've had had all been pretty damn exciting fights , '' Vannata said . `` I 've had some snorers in the past , but as of recent years I think my style is exciting . I think it 's one of a kind , and I think it 's very offense orientated . I think I 'm going to be a fan favorite . ''
Vannata is n't a man to wait around , and shortly after picking up the win in Toronto he already had his next fight booked for UFC 209 on March 4 . He will face David Teymur , a veteran of the TUF 21 series who has since gone on to pick up two wins inside the UFC .
`` I told them I wanted to fight on March 4 , UFC 209 , and I gave them a list of opponents , '' Vannata revealed . `` They said they would see what they could do , and I got the fight . It 's a secret who else was on the list , but Teymur was on it .
`` I think I 'll definitely beat this guy . He 's a good striker , but I think he 's overconfident in his striking . He has a good background in Muay Thai and K-1 , but it 's basically boxing . And while that may work against other boxers , we are playing a different game , and it 's not going to work against me . ''
A man with a plan
The man from Jackson Wink MMA Academy is n't getting ahead of himself , but he 's got a clear idea in his mind of the way he wants to work up the UFC rankings .
`` I 'm going to sleep David Teymur and then try and get a top 20 guy and continue to progress from there , '' he said . `` I want to try and go top 20 , top 10 , top five with good highlight [ reel ] finishes in each one . That 's what I 'm looking for this year . ''
Along that journey , one fight that obviously appeals to Vannata is a rematch with the only man to defeat him in his professional career -- Ferguson . While not holding a grudge , Vannata believes that they will meet again and that there will be even more fireworks than in their first crazy fight .
`` F * * k yeah , '' Vannata said without thinking when asked if he wanted the rematch . `` That 's one that , err , I try not to hold onto anything or keep that brick in my pocket , but yeah , it 's one I want to get back in the future .
`` I 'm going to keep climbing up the rankings , and in time , me and Tony are going to meet again and it 's going to make for a good story -- I ca n't f * * king wait for the day . ''
By Joseph Temple
Ontario , Canada 's most populous province can trace its winemaking roots back more than two hundred years – a history older than the country itself . And after many trials and tribulations , its wines now compete with the best of Europe and the Americas , winning numerous international awards .
Below are ten interesting facts about the province 's wine industry and how it came to be . Special thanks to Library and Archives Canada for providing many of the photographs and Tony Aspler 's talk at the Empire Club of Canada for much of the information in this posting .
1 . An unusual beginning
When most people think of Ontario wine , they usually associate it with the Niagara Peninsula , Canada 's largest viticultural area . So it might come as a surprise that the province 's fist vineyard was further up the Golden Horseshoe in Cooksville – what is now Mississauga , a suburb just west of Toronto .
Johann Schiller , a German corporal awarded land hear for his military service , is considered by many to be the father of Canadian wine . Harvesting labrusca grapes near the Credit River , Schiller created the province 's first vineyard in 1811 by selling wine to his thirsty neighbors in Upper Canada .
2 . Praise at the fair
Count Justin de Courtenay , a Frenchman from Lower Canada who purchased Schiller 's property had high hopes of making Ontario wine internationally renown . The year was 1867 – the year of Canada 's birth and across the ocean , the World 's Fair was taking place in Paris , France . So what better time and place to showcase Ontario wine for the entire world ? Sending several bottles to Paris for a tasting , the lackluster wine was surprisingly well received at the fair , with some comparing it to Beaujolais .
3 . Everybody wants an island
In a nation known as “ the Siberia of the British Empire , ” finding an area with a suitable climate to make wine can be difficult . So if you 're looking at a map of Ontario , what better place than the country 's southernmost point to start a vineyard ?
Pelee Island – located northwest of Cleveland , Ohio on the Canadian side of Lake Erie–proved to be the ideal spot in 1866 when three Kentucky farmers started the Vin Villa Winery . Being on the same geographical parallel as Northern California and benefiting from the lake 's cooling effect , Pelee , along with Lake Erie North Shore continues to be one of the province 's most important wine growing regions .
4 . Prohibition makes Ontario a province of wine drinkers
Whereas the Volstead Act applied to every state in the union , Canada 's Prohibition laws differed on a province-by-province basis ( except briefly as part of the War Measures Act ) . While Quebec opted out early in 1919 , Prince Edward Island defied the wets until 1948 – almost twenty years after the rest of Canada ended the “ noble experiment . ”
And in Ontario , the political clout of its farmers resulted in wine being exempt from any restrictive legislation . So with liquor and beer relegated to the underworld , the province 's wine industry thrived like never before , going from over 200,000 gallons of domestic consumption in 1921 to 2.2 million gallons a decade later .
5 . Quality ? Two words : Baby Duck
Before the Vintners Quality Alliance , when North American labrusca varieties reigned supreme across the province , Ontario wine had a reputation for being the choice of ‘ winos looking to come alive for a dollar five . ' With alcohol rates in excess of 20 % , native Concord and Niagara grapes offered the perfect taste to those looking for little more than a cheap buzz . According to wine writer Tony Aspler , Ontario became known for producing “ block and tackle wines. ” “ You drank a bottle , walked a block and you could tackle anyone , ” said Aspler .
By Graham ( Flickr : Wine Country ) [ CC BY 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
6 . Creating a dynasty
If Ontario wine were a hockey team , then the mid 1970s was their rebuilding period . It all started in 1975 when Inniskillin was granted a license by the province to create an estate winery – the first since prohibition . Moving away from the high-alcohol port and sherry style wines , this new breed of vintners turned the corner by growing vinifera vines that could hopefully compete with Europe . The result was that by 1986 , these vines had increased by 500 percent across the province .
7 . Free trade forces Ontario vineyards to change for the better
Under the government of Brian Mulroney , trade barriers came crashing down as Canada signed both the FTA with the United States ( later NAFTA ) and GATT . So with tariffs being phased out , Ontario 's winemakers were no longer sheltered by protectionist policies and forced to compete with the wines of Europe and America on a more level playing field . Softening the blow , the Canadian government invested $ 100 million dollars to replace undesirable labrusca grapes with vitis vinifera varieties more popular with consumers . And to ensure quality standards , a new organization – the Vinters Quality Alliance ( VQA ) – was established in 1988 to regulate the industry and to certify that growing and production methods were up to par with the other wine regions of the world .
By Dominic Rivard from Bangkok , Thailand ( icewine grapes3 ) [ CC BY-SA 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
8 . Ontario wine goes mainstream
In what can be described as Canada 's “ Bottle Shock ” moment , Inniskillin 's 1989 Vidal ice wine wins the prestigious Grand Prix d'Honneur at the 1991 Vinexpo in Bordeaux , France . After more than a decade of trial and error , Ontario 's ice wine industry is thrust onto the world stage with this upset over the dominant German Eiswein . More than twenty years later , ice wine exports reach over 200,000 liters per year and is valued at $ 15.5 million annually .
9 . The east wants in !
Roughly a two-hour drive from Toronto , the picturesque island known as Prince Edward County has come a long way since being labeled the “ Canning Capital of Canada. ” Beginning in the 1990s , the wineries there have grown by leaps and bounds with PEC being certified a Designated Viticultural Area in 2007 .
As you cross over the Bay of Quinte into this scenic eastern Ontario getaway , you 'll understand why so many make the pilgrimage each year to taste their wines . With a relatively mild climate thanks to Lake Ontario , the thirty wineries on the island have flourished , growing a variety of grapes that include Chardonnay , Pinot Noir , and Cabernet Franc , to name just a few .
By Richard Wayne Photography ( Flickr ) [ CC BY-SA 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
By tonyshek ( Flickr ) [ CC BY 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
Kris Krüg [ CC BY-SA 2.0 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
10 . Celebs get in on a piece of the action
Today , it seems as if every actor , musician and professional athlete has their own winery–'Brangelina ' , Dave Matthews , Arnold Palmer and NASCAR 's Jeff Gordon just to name a few . But what about Ontario ?
Looking at the list of celebrities who own wineries , the province clearly has not been left out in terms of star power . Ghostbusters star Dan Aykroyd , 2003 Masters winner Mike Weir and “ The Great One ” Wayne Gretzky have all put their names on Ontario 's flourishing wine industry .
At the International Wine & Food Society , we have a solid presence across the province , with branches in Toronto , Oakville , Kitchener-Waterloo , and Niagara . Perhaps these locals can tell you which Ontario wine ( s ) they would recommend ?
Have you tried wine from Ontario ? Yes .
No . View Results
Fox News ' Laura Ingraham slammed former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for making a misguided gun control argument shortly after the Las Vegas shooting .
WATCH :
After the deadliest mass shooting in modern United States history , Clinton tweeted that the shooting could 've been deadlier if the gunman had a “ silencer ” ( or a suppressor ) and urged Americans to go after the NRA .
Our grief is n't enough . We can and must put politics aside , stand up to the NRA , and work together to try to stop this from happening again . — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) October 2 , 2017
“ Hillary Clinton spoke before she knew any of the facts , ” Ingraham said . “ You ca n't really put a silencer on an AR-15 , it melts the barrel . ”
“ All of the people who actually know guns were like , ‘ she does n't know what she 's talking about , ' ” she continued . “ There 's a level of ignorance and I found it to be despicable . If Hillary Clinton wants to run for president again and take the Second Amendment to the ballot box I think she should do it . ”
WATCH SARAH SANDERS DISCUSS GUN LEGISLATION :
WATCH THE LIBERAL MEDIA POLITICIZE THE WORST SHOOTING IN MODERN AMERICAN HISTORY :
Follow Amber on Twitter
A new scan from Shonen Jump has been released ! It features the five mysterious masked beasts in Road to Ninja : Naruto the Movie . Next to the drawings of all beats is a name – Byakko ( White Tiger ) , Suzaku ( Vermilion Bird ) , Seiryu ( Azure Dragon ) , Genbu ( Black Tortoise ) , and Kogitsune ( Little Fox ) .
On the scan it says “ A suspicious little fox wearing an ominous mask ! Four creatures wearing the same mask of the Little Fox . What is the purpose of these sacred beasts that rule the four compass points ! ? The disclosing of the original characters that Kishimoto-sensei thought for the movie ! How will they be involved with Naruto ! ? ”
There is n't any other information about the masked beasts , but according to Chinese constellations , the White Tiger represents the west compass point and Fall season , while the Vermilion Bird represents the south compass point and Summer season , the Azure Dragon represents Spring and the East , and the Black Tortoise the north and Winter .
Also known as Naruto Shippuden the Movie : Road to Ninja , Naruto Shippuden Movie 6 , among others , Road to Ninja is the 9th movie overall in the Naruto series . It will debut in Japanese theaters July 28 , 2012 . Naruto 's creator , Masashi Kishimoto will be personally involved with the movie , creating the story and providing character designs . To learn more , please visit the Road to Ninja : Naruto the Movie section .
Thanks michaels .
Home prices fall , rents rise
Updated
Capital city home prices fell again in March , but rents have surged over the past six months .
The latest RP Data-Rismark Hedonic Home Value Index shows capital city purchase prices for houses and apartments declined an average 0.2 per cent seasonally adjusted during March .
Over the March quarter , capital city home prices slid 2.1 per cent , and are now down 0.6 per cent over the year to March .
House values outside the capitals did not fare much better , rising just 0.2 per cent last month , falling 1.8 per cent over the March quarter , and slipping 0.5 per cent over the past 12 months .
The weakest performing capital city housing market was flood-ravaged Brisbane , with prices down 4.6 per cent over the 3 months to March .
Perth prices were down 3.4 per cent , and Darwin was down 2.5 per cent over the quarter .
RP Data 's research director Tim Lawless says that is mainly payback for over-exuberant price growth in the years preceding the global financial crisis .
`` We 've seen Perth , for example , in 2006 price growth reached about 46 per cent in one year , so they certainly did overshoot the mark , and Brisbane similarly has seen very strong gains since 2001 all the way up to 2007 , '' he told ABC News .
`` So in many ways these markets are letting the other markets catch up to them . ''
On the other side of the ledger , Sydney recorded a modest 1.1 per cent slide in home values over the March quarter and Canberra was down 1.3 per cent , with the two cities having the highest median dwelling values of $ 500,000 and $ 511,000 respectively .
Mr Lawless says the across-the-board weakness in property prices is largely due to a surge in the number of people looking to sell , while buyers remain cautious in the face of higher interest rates .
`` We are seeing a lot of stock being added to the marketplace , and that 's probably part of the reason why there is n't very much price pressure around at the moment , '' he explained .
`` The amount of properties being advertised are about 30 per cent higher than what they were at the same time last year , we 're seeing vendors having to become more flexible on their prices , they 're discounting their asking prices at the moment by about 6.5 per cent compared to 5.2 per cent at the same time last year , and properties are taking about 59 days to sell ... compared to about 45 days at the same time last year . ''
He says those conditions are likely to continue until at least the end of the year .
`` We will see some further declines in property markets , particularly in those weak markets that we have seen , particularly in Perth and Brisbane , but then again looking at Sydney for example , the foundations do seem to be quite resilient and we 'll probably just see flat conditions , '' Mr Lawless added .
Rents on the rise
However , the news is not all bad for housing investors , with RP Data 's figures showing rents up 4.6 per cent over the past six months .
RP Data analyst Tim Lawless says the rise in rents combined with the fall in home values has pushed up rental yields for investors entering the market now .
`` That 's probably the only good news for investors is that absolutely there is a lot of pressure on rents at the moment , '' he said .
`` Rental yields are also showing improvement across most capital cities - Darwin , Canberra , Brisbane are still the leading cities for providing a rental return . ''
Darwin and Hobart had the highest rental yields of 5.4 per cent for houses , while Darwin 's 5.7 per cent rental yield for units also led the other capitals .
Melbourne had the lowest rental yield of 3.8 per cent for houses and 4.2 per cent for units .
The national average rental yield was 4.9 per cent for apartments and 4.2 per cent for houses according to RP Data .
Topics : housing-industry , business-economics-and-finance , economic-trends , international-financial-crisis , australia , act
First posted
Since Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in his resort hotel room at Cibolo Creek Creek Ranch on Saturday , questions have been flying about the immediate declaration of “ natural causes ” as the means of death .
Houston businessman John Poindexter , who owns the 30,000-acre luxury ranch , told the San Antonio Express-News that Scalia was “ animated and engaged ” during dinner Friday night . He was one of three dozen invitees to an event unrelated to law or politics .
He said he invited Scalia to the ranch on the suggestion of a mutual friend , a lawyer , who came with Scalia .
Poindexter said they were “ very substantial business people , ” but not big names in politics .
“ There is no political angle here , ” he said . “ It was strictly a group of friends sympathetic to the justice 's views . ”
RELATED : Urgent calls begin for Scalia autopsy
Democrats fundraise off Scalia 's death
Poindexter told the newspaper : “ I spent quite a bit of time talking to him – about nothing official , just pleasantries : Texas scenery , outdoors , what life is like in Washington . He did n't come to have a long conversation about jurisprudence . He was seated near me and I had a chance to observe him . He was very entertaining . ”
He said Scalia ate a dinner of “ typical ranch fare. ” He did n't recall what the justice ate , except that it was n't steak .
By dinner 's end at about 9 p.m. , Poindexter said , “ he seemed in good spirits . ”
“ He stood up and said he was tired , he had had a long week and he would see us in the morning , ” he said .
What do YOU think ? Are you suspicious about Justice Antonin Scalia 's death ? Sounds off in today 's WND poll
Yet just hours later , after missing both breakfast and lunch , Scalia was found dead of apparent natural causes . Later , media outlets reported he had suffered a heart attack .
Poindexter knocked on Scalia 's door about 8:30 the next morning . The door was locked and the judge did not answer . Three hours later , Poindexter returned from an outing and determined Scalia was still missing .
“ We discovered the judge in bed , a pillow over his head . His bed clothes were unwrinkled , ” said Poindexter .
“ He was lying very restfully . It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap , ” he said .
“ His hands were sort of almost folded on top of the sheets , ” Poindexter told the New York Times . “ The sheets were n't rumpled up at all . ”
Scalia did not have a pulse and his body was cold , and after consulting with a doctor at a hospital in Alpine , Poindexter concluded resuscitation would have been futile . He then contacted federal authorities , at first encountering a series of answering services because he was calling on a weekend .
“ Ultimately they became available and handled it superbly , ” he told the Express-News . “ They flew in by helicopter . They told me to secure the ranch , which I did until this morning . ”
The Washington Post reported that after Scalia 's body was found :
It then took hours for authorities in remote West Texas to find a justice of the peace , officials said Sunday . When they did , she pronounced Scalia dead of natural causes without seeing the body and decided not to order an autopsy . A second justice of the peace , who was called but could n't get to Scalia 's body in time , said she would have ordered an autopsy . As late as Sunday afternoon , there were conflicting reports about whether an autopsy would be performed , though officials later said Scalia 's body was being embalmed and there would be no autopsy . One report , by WFAA-TV in Dallas , said the death certificate would show the cause of the death was a heart attack . As late as Sunday afternoon , for example , there were conflicting reports about whether an autopsy should have been performed . A manager at the El Paso funeral home where Scalia 's body was taken said his family made it clear that they did not want one . Meanwhile , Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara acknowledged that she pronounced Scalia dead by phone , without seeing his body . Instead , she spoke to law enforcement officials at the scene – who assured her “ there were no signs of foul play ” – and Scalia 's physician in Washington , who said that the 79-year-old justice suffered from a host of chronic conditions . “ He was having health issues , ” Guevara said , adding that she is awaiting a statement from Scalia 's doctor that will be added to his death certificate when it is issued later this week . Guevara also rebutted a report by a Dallas TV station that quoted her as saying that Scalia had died of “ myocardial infarction. ” In an interview with The Washington Post , she said she meant only that his heart had stopped . “ It was n't a heart attack , ” Guevara said . “ He died of natural causes . ”
Scalia 's body was moved to an El Paso funeral home early Sunday , then driven from Marfa and arrived around 2:30 a.m. at Sunset Funeral Homes , according to spokesman Chris Lujan .
Lujan said the funeral home was chosen by Scalia 's family , and at the advice of a family friend .
The El Paso County medical examiner 's office said they had n't received any information regarding the possibility of performing an autopsy .
As WND reported , the seemingly quick conclusion that Scalia died of “ natural causes ” is prompting calls for an autopsy and toxicological reports by activists and across social media platforms .
Get the hottest , most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break ! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND 's Email News Alerts !
Poindexter said Scalia 's sudden death was both a personal tragedy for those at the ranch , and for the nation at large .
“ All of us here saw him as a stalwart defender of our way of life in Texas , in a real sense , ” he said . “ It 's a great loss . Having made that statement , if it was his time to go , he was surrounded by friends , in fairly nice setting , with a full tummy too . He said he was very happy to be invited so it could have been in worse circumstances . … It 's caused all of us here to stop and think about life , how precious it is , and how it is so unexpectedly lost . ”
Once a horrifically emaciated dog , tied up on a porch in Port Hardy , with her collar embedded so deeply in her neck it had to be surgically removed , Molly is now recovering in a BC SPCA foster home .
The investigation into Molly 's case is moving forward and charges have now been submitted to Crown Counsel .
Staff say Molly had a little health setback during the holidays , gastro-related and possibly due to the starvation she endured , but her overall strength has improved and she 's starting to become a playful puppy .
When Molly was rescued in December , the SPCA called it one of the ‘ most horrific animal cruelty cases they have ever seen . '
“ She was in critical condition , non-responsive and shivering , with a collar deeply embedded in her neck , ” said Marcie Moriarty , the BC SPCA 's chief prevention and enforcement officer . “ The constable immediately rushed Molly to a nearby veterinary hospital , where staff provided emergency treatment to keep her alive and removed the embedded collar from her neck . ”
Molly is now about 19 months old , and continues to be nursed in foster care until she is well enough to go to her forever home .
A fundraiser at the home of a lesbian couple in Encinitas , California for Francine Busby , a Democrat seeking the 50th Congressional District seat in 2010 , was interrupted on Friday night over an apparent noise complaint :
`` It ended with Barman , 60 , being arrested and jailed on suspicion of
battery on a peace officer , and resisting , delaying and obstructing a
peace officer . Pam Morgan , 62 , a Rancho Santa Fe resident and one of the
guests , also was arrested and taken to the Encinitas Sheriff 's Station ,
where she was cited for resisting , delaying and obstructing a peace
officer . Other partygoers were doused with pepper spray , and seven
deputies , a sergeant and a helicopter were dispatched to the
neighborhood of expensive homes . ''
The incident is under review .
There were between 30 and 50 people at the fundraiser , and the only noise came from a megaphone Busby said she used for approximately half an hour . Neighbors said they slept through it .
However : `` During Busby 's speech , Barman said in a statement yesterday , a man
on the property behind her house shouted 'disparaging remarks ' about
Busby and gay people . Barman lives in the house with her partner , Jane
Stratton , 55 . After her talk , Busby said , people chatted . 'It was a quiet home reception , disrupted by a vulgar person shouting obscenities from behind the bushes , ' Busby said . ''
But it was Deputy Marshall Abbott who attacked guests once he responded :
`` When Abbott arrived , [ Sgt . Thomas ] Yancey said , he told Barman about the
complaint , and she uttered an expletive about a neighbor . Abbott asked
Barman for her birth date so he could issue a noise warning , but Barman
refused to give it , he said . Barman tried to walk away , Yancey said , and Abbott grabbed
her . The guests took Barman away , and Abbott used pepper spray on them .
In the chaos , someone kicked the emergency response team member , a
woman who is 5-foot-2 , Yancey said . 'He was pepper-spraying the faces of anyone who tried to
talk to him , ' Busby said . 'People were stunned . It was something that
none of us has experienced . ' In her statement , Barman said she asked the deputy why he needed her birth date , because he knew her name and where she lived . 'He told me I was under arrest , grabbed my right arm , twisted it behind me and threw me on the ground , ' she said . ''
Apparently the use of tasers was threatened as well .
Busby said she will demand an investigation .
First up , let 's be frank . FFA does n't have any great enthusiasm for Wollongong being part of the A-League , although it did at the start . The Wolves were offered the chance to become foundation members of the league in 2004 , but at the time their former owners felt the benchmarks were too demanding . It 's history now that Central Coast Mariners took their place , and it 's some irony that after 12 years of riding the roller-coaster in the semi-pro NSW NPL , the Wolves are back at the starting blocks hoping to get in . The problem is FFA 's vision has moved on , and regional cities seemingly do n't meet their infamous `` metrics '' for expansion . But that does n't mean all is lost for Wollongong . Adding teams to major metropolitan markets remains David Gallop 's sweet spot . So maybe Southern Expansion – a hybrid metro team – will convince FFA to reach out across the Hacking River . Truth is , you sense this bid already has the FFA imprimatur . The Southern Expansion vision , backed by Murray and fellow broadcaster Craig Foster , does have plenty going for it , not least the substantial backing of Chinese conglomerate JiaYuan Group , the presence of two sharp minds in Murray and Foster , and claims to a traditional , fertile , breeding ground . Yet the bid 's absolute determination to extend its footprint into Wollongong – rather than confine itself to the metropolitan area – brings a whole new set of complications . They clearly think it 's worth the trouble .
For starters , there 's the name . Murray maintains the word Sydney wo n't be in the title . So that likely makes it `` Southern Something FC '' ( insert cringeworthy nickname here ) . Amorphous , meaningless . FFA does have a policy about club names . I 'm hoping this wo n't meet the criteria . No identifiable geography , no identity . That 's my view . For all that , Southern Expansion are serious about engaging Wollongong . More than likely , they 'll build their academy there . Importantly , refreshingly , they will also offer free registration to local juniors . They 'll play one-third of their home games at WIN Stadium , although the travelling roadshow remains a fraught concept . The two clubs that embrace this , Central Coast and Wellington Phoenix , have the lowest crowds in the A-League . Right now , Southern Expansion have brought enough to the Wollongong table to convince the local association to formally partner with their bid . But Football South Coast , which represents 14,000 players , has also done the same with the Wolves . FSC boss Eddy de Gabriele makes no apologies for backing both horses . His job is to get the best outcome for the Illawarra . Thereafter , it 's the locals who 'll end up voting with their feet .
The danger for the Wolves is assuming those locals are automatically in their corner . For whatever reason , the Wolves ' relationship with local semi-pro clubs , and FSC , has long been problematic . There 's not a lot of love for the Wolves in their own backyard , so the challenge is clear . To rebuild hope , rebuild trust . Building a viable , inclusive , successful , team in the meantime will help . Thus the renewed investment in Jacob Timpano 's side is well timed . A day after Southern Expansion unveiled their bid in Sydney , the Wolves unveiled Japanese striker Yuzo Tashiro at WIN Stadium . Tashiro is the biggest foreign signing in NSW NPL history – a former international who last year played a pivotal role in helping Cerezo Osaka to promotion to the J-League . For the first time since they left the NSL , the Wolves will open the new NPL season at South Granville on Saturday night among the title favourites . So here 's the thing . It 's not what the Wolves , or Southern Expansion , or FFA , or the FSC say or do that matters in the end .
What matters is whether the people of Wollongong want – truly want – a professional team to call their own . They say they do , but they did n't during the golden age when Scott Chipperfield was flying down the wing for one of the best teams the game has seen . So do they want it now ?
This beer will be released on Aug 1st in 12oz and 22oz bottles….this from Stone :
In most cases , skipping a step is a bad thing . Not this time . This version of Stone Enjoy By IPA omits the part where we filter out the extra yeast , hop sediment and proteins that build up in beer as a natural result of the brewing process . Though it may sound like it , this missed step was no misstep . By letting this IPA go unfiltered , its peach and tropical fruit hop flavors are amplified while its golden-hued color takes on a hazy appearance . Like its filtered counterpart , this IPA is brewed specifically NOT to last , and is shipped immediately to ensure hopheads get their hands on it as soon as possible .
About Bil Cord Founder , owner , author , graphic designer , CEO , CFO , webmaster , president , mechanic and janitor for mybeerbuzz.com . Producer and Co-host of the WILK Friday BeerBuzz live weekly craft beer radio show . Small craft-brewer of the craft beer news sites and one-man-band with way too many instruments to play .
A demonstrator shouts slogans as he holds up a sign that reads `` I am Nisman '' during a protest over the death of prosecutor Alberto Nisman , outside the Casa Rosada Presidential Palace in Buenos Aires January 19 , 2015 . [ Photo : CFP ]
Thousands of protesters have gathered outside Argentina 's government palace in Buenos Aires , demanding a full investigation into the death of a prosecutor who was looking into allegations against the country 's President .
The protest follows the murder of special prosecutor Alberto Nisman .
`` A process of investigation of a terrible crime for the country , has been interfered with . It was interfered with in such a way that everyone understands that it was not a suicide , but something provoked or a murder . ''
Prosecutors say the initial autopsy has found there was `` no intervention '' in Nisman 's death .
But they say they 're still holding out the possibility that Nisman was `` induced '' into killing himself , noting the gun was not his .
Nisman 's death came just hours before he was to testify before the country 's congress connected to a case involving Cristina Fernandez .
Nisman had been looking into accusations the Argentine President used her power to shield Iranian suspects wanted in connection with the 1994 bombing of an Israeli association in Buenos Aires which left 85 people dead .
Fernandez has been accused of shielding the suspects from an investigation to curry favor with Iran .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
MATT KILGALLON is a summer transfer target for his old club Leeds United .
Leeds boss Neil Warnock was at the Stadium of Light towards the end of last season to watch the defender in action .
And , with Kilgallon about to enter the final year of his contract , any bid for the 28-year-old 's services will leave Black Cats boss Martin O'Neill with a decision to make .
Kilgallon is one of three centre-backs with only 12 months of their current deals still to run – with Michael Turner and Titus Bramble in the same situation – which means they could leave on Bosman fee transfers at the end of next season .
Turner is almost certain to be offered a new contract but O'Neill is likely to offload either Kilgallon or Bramble to avoid losing them for nothing next summer – and to create room in his squad as he presses ahead with plans to bring in out-of-contract Aston Villa defender Carlos Cuellar .
O'Neill can also call upon experienced ex-Manchester United centre-backs John O'Shea and Wes Brown , but is keen to add versatile Spaniard Cuellar – a player he took to Villa Park in 2008 .
Warnock is aware of the situation on Wearside and is ready to test the water with a bid for Kilgallon . who he also signed while in charge of Sheffield United , paying Leeds £2m for his services in January 2007 .
Kilgallon joined Sunderland three years later , but his Black Cats ' career was going nowhere until O'Neill took over . Written off by the man who signed him , Steve Bruce , after only seven games in a Sunderland shirt , Kilgallon was farmed out to Middlesbrough and Doncaster on loan in the 2010-11 season .
And by last November , he was pinning his hopes on being allowed to join a Championship side on trial .
But O'Neill took over in December and an injury crisis at the turn of the year saw him hand Kilgallon another chance .
And he did not disappoint , playing his part in Sunderland 's 1-0 win over Manchester City on New Year 's Day and – even after an ankle injury sidelined him for six weeks – he returned at the end of March and played in all-but-one of the final eight games of the campaign .
Kilgallon 's performances showed that he is capable of being a squad player at Sunderland , but O'Neill 's summer rebuilding work may mean that he will be one of those sacrificed to make way for new faces .
Meanwhile , Sunderland striker Ryan Noble has undergone a hernia operation but is expected to be fit to resume pre-season training with the Black Cats next month .
The 20-year-old spent loan spells at Derby and Hartlepool United last season , spending the final two months of the season at Pools where he scored two goals in nine appearances .
An airman at Keesler Air Force Base has pleaded guilty in military court to sex crimes against a child .
Staff Sgt . James McGriff , 31 , was sentenced Thursday to 12 years of confinement , said Capt . David Murphy , chief of public affairs for the 81st Training Wing at Keesler .
McGriff also was demoted to E-1 , airman basic , and received a dishonorable discharge , Murphy said .
The child was the niece of the woman McGriff was dating at the time and the crimes occurred in another state , Murphy said .
Military police arrested McGriff on Aug. 22 on Articles 120b , 124 and 134 under the Uniform Military Code of Justice . He was held for four days at the Harrison County jail .
The charges shown on the jail docket are lewd act on a child under 16 , committing sodomy on a child under 12 and enticing a child under 18 to take part in sexually explicit conduct .
Murphy said McGriff pleaded guilty on Wednesday .
Military police took McGriff back to the Harrison County jail , where he will be held until he is placed in a military prison .
Details of the case were not immediately available .
Any details to be released would be available later on the Judge Advocate General 's Corps online docket , Murphy said .
———
©2017 The Sun Herald ( Biloxi , Miss . )
Visit The Sun Herald ( Biloxi , Miss . ) at www.sunherald.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency , LLC .
Coleslaw is the comic sans of the summer side dish world—sometimes cringed at , though mostly ignored , passed over for more beloved plate-fillers like corn on the cob or ( come to mama ) mac and cheese . It gets little love aside from being a trusty palate cleanser , or the thing you resort to when your brain tells says you need something that resembles a vegetable .
Though Edward Sanborn and his partner Lisa Houle feel differently . They love coleslaw—so much so that they started reviewing coleslaw , posting write-ups on the restaurant versions they 've tried on their Facebook page Coleslaw Review . It turns out they 're not alone in their coleslaw obsession . The page currently has more than 9,000 fans . Redditor bostontom shared the phenomenon in Reddit 's Food community .
One person wrote , “ With so much anti-coleslaw speech in the world today , it makes my heart happy to find a positive source where I can celebrate my love for what is truly a great dish . Keep up the good work ! ”
Another said , “ You 're the hero this world needs , but not the one it deserves .
One commenter posted , “ If it ai n't slaw then nah . ”
For Sanborn and Houle , the page is about bringing an oft-marginalized community together .
“ No more hiding in the shadows , ” the page reads . “ Proclaim your love for coleslaw and fear not—together , with our reviews , we are helping improve the quality of coleslaw everywhere ! ”
The couple judges coleslaw based on an eight-point grading system , and they invite fans to submit reviews of their own .
Here 's the official Coleslaw Review criteria .
Rate each category from 1 – 10 . 1 is very poor and 10 is fantastic . This is obviously subjective opinions and that 's the point . If you are a restaurant and are offended by the ratings then fix your darn coleslaw . 1 . Liquid content ( Is it too watery , too dry , or just right ? ) 2 . Size of vegetables ( I dunno , Lisa came up with this one .. are the shreddings too long or too short .. or perfecto ? ) 3 . Taste ( if you need an explanation – open the bloody dictionary .. does it taste good , simple , do n't complicate it ) 4 . Texture ( Is the coleslaw of a good consistency ? ) 5 . Presentation ( Is the coleslaw slopping over the bowl or cup ? Is it in a styrofoam cup ? Or is it in a nice quality little bowl ? If on the plate with the rest of your meal , does it look like it was slopped on with an ice cream scooper or did someone take care to place it next to the other foods on your plate with TLC – totally BS 'd my way through that description… lol ) 6 . Vinegary ( not sure I have the spelling correct on this but whatever . we like vinegar in coleslaw . So , besides taste .. does it seem to have a good amount of vinegar in the coleslaw because we have found that a lot of places seem to be shy with the vinegar – WTF… ) 7 . Average your ratings above . Add them and then divide by 6 . The calculator is on your wicked smartphone . 8 . Totally optional… leave an overall comment
Examples of coleslaw reviews :
Due to the fanfare , the couple will soon launch an independent site : www.coleslawreview.com .
“ Coleslaw has been ignored for far too long , ” the page reads . “ No longer my friends . You now have a place to call home . ”
The six Democrats , led by House Oversight Committee ranking member Elijah Cummings of Maryland , are asking the Pentagon to turn over a number of documents so they can investigate the issue . | AP Photo House Dems to investigate Flynn 's Russia speaking gig
Top House Democrats are launching their own investigation into whether President Donald Trump 's national security adviser violated the Constitution when he accepted a paid speaking gig in Russia after retiring from the military .
The ranking Democrats on six House committees are asking the Pentagon to determine whether the adviser , Mike Flynn , violated the Constitution 's emoluments clause when he was paid to speak at an event in Moscow celebrating the Russian-funded news outlet RT .
Story Continued Below
The emoluments clause bars government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments .
Flynn retired from the Army in 2014 as a three-star general . The House Democrats , though , are pointing to Defense Department guidance that warns retired military officers that they are still subject to the emoluments clause even after they leave the military because “ they are subject to recall . ”
The six Democrats , led by House Oversight Committee ranking member Elijah Cummings of Maryland , are asking the Pentagon to turn over a number of documents so they can investigate the issue , including any possible “ efforts by General Flynn to seek permission or approval for the direct or indirect receipt of payments from any foreign source . ”
“ It is extremely concerning that General Flynn chose to accept payment for appearing at a gala hosted by the propaganda arm of the Russian government , which attacked the United States in an effort to undermine our election , according to U.S. intelligence agencies , ” the Democrats said in their letter to Defense Secretary James Mattis . “ Even more concerning is that General Flynn , who President Trump has now chosen to be his National Security Advisor , may have violated the Constitution in the process . ”
After retiring from the military , Flynn made a number of appearances on RT , which the U.S. intelligence community considers a Russian propaganda outlet . And in 2015 , he attended a gala honoring RT and was photographed sitting at a table with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Flynn acknowledged in an August interview with The Washington Post being paid to speak at the RT event .
At the White House , Press Secretary Sean Spicer said it was a common practice for retired military officers to give paid speeches .
“ Gen . Flynn , like I think probably countless if not hundreds of retired flag officers , joined a speaking bureau and has given speeches at various places , ” Spicer told reporters . “ I think that is something that is kept in practice , and the Department of Defense is the appropriate place for them to review it . ”
Asked whether the department would conduct such a review , Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis said , “ As with all Congressional correspondence , we will respond . ”
The probe coincides with larger investigations being conducted by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees into Russia 's meddling in November 's presidential election — inquiries that will delve into allegations of contacts between Moscow and the Trump campaign .
( KBCW ) — If you find wearing a bra inconvenient , wait until you see these terrible old-fashioned methods once used for keeping the girls in place .
Buzzfeed recently had some women try on an assortment of vintage bras for the first time and captured their dismay along the way .
“ What the f * * k is this ? ” and “ This certainly does not feel safe , ” were a few reactions from the women as they tried to move naturally in a tight Victorian corset , a World War I backless bra and a 1950s cone-shaped bra .
These days , designers are challenged to create more natural , minimal bras that accommodate lower necklines and bigger busts .
“ I think women have a beautiful shape and I like how modern-day bras really help to accentuate those shapes , ” one woman concluded in the video .
The totally revamped Portland Trailblazers are the hottest team not named the Golden State Warriors . They have won 17 games in 49 days . They have lost 4 games in 49 days . That 's a winning percentage of 80 % . In that time span , they are 11-3 at home and 6-1 on the road , including an overtime win at Memphis . They are scoring at a greedy pace , 108 points per game , while giving up 101 points per game , a defensive number that will allow them to ( possibly ) move past Memphis and take over the 5th seed , if they can get through their tough road schedule these next six weeks with a winning record . Already , this much is clear even to the novice . Neal Olshey had a plan after LaMarcus Aldridge severed his Portland ties . He incentivized the backcourt to be the foundation of the new-look Blazers . It took a while to come together , but it is working in a big way .
The January 16th Saturday night when the Blazers walked into the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia and were blown out by the miserable 76ers on a second night of a back-to-back was a gut-wrenching low point . The backcourt was terrible , the front court invisible . It was a heart check moment . What came next said everything about what type of team the Blazers believed they could be .
Who you think you are is followed by what you show you are . What came next for the Blazers was dominating the Wizards in D.C. January ended . February began , and the Blazers continued to win without their All-Star LaMarcus Aldridge . Out of sight , out of mind .
February 's low points were losing to the Raptors at home and blowing a game against the Rockets . The Raptors are the second best team in the East , a contender that the Blazers could n't defend , particularly Kyle Lowry who dropped 30 points . Before the Raptors loss , the Blazers had won 5 in a row . After the loss , the Blazers were back on the road and won 2 in a row at tough places , in Memphis and Houston . Since then , their only loss was a few days ago when they were demoralized in the 4th quarter when Houston outscored the Blazers 33 to 12 to erase a 7 point deficit entering the quarter . No one on the Blazers had an answer for James Harden .
What did Olshey know about the Blazers in July when Aldridge did n't look back ?
Did he know the Blazers with Damian Lillard were resilient ? Did he know C.J . McCollum would be a 20+ point scorer ? Did he know that when the Blazers lose , they brush it off and come back the next game and win ? Did he know the Blazers would not lose two games in a row after January 8th ? Did he know the Blazers backcourt was too much for most teams to handle ?
The Blazers still have four more games on this trip . The Knicks are a winnable game . The Celtics play well at home and have great team chemistry without relying on a superstar the way the Blazers rely on Lillard . Then it 's on to Toronto , a place Lillard would remember had he been an All-Star invitee . Instead , he stewed about the snub at home and took it out on the Warriors .
In Toronto , the Blazers have a big challenge . The loss to the Raptors is still fresh . The Raptors have a dynamic backcourt that does n't give the usual Lillard-McCollum suffocation any advantages . Kyle Lowry is a great clutch shooter and DeMar DeRozan is an iso player who leads the league in drives to the rim . They are the reason the Raptors are as good as they are just as the Lillard-McCollum duo are the reason why the Blazers are as good as they are . This game will be a good test to see if in three weeks the Blazers have actually gotten better defensively .
The Pistons are the last team on the trip , a tough matchup because of their size and skill up front which is a Blazers weakness . The Blazers come home to play the Wizards and then go to Golden State where the Warriors will have revenge on their minds .
Early November , when the Blazers lost 7 games in a row , a losing streak that began when the Pistons overwhelmed the Blazers with their physicality , it looked like a very long season without a dominant front court player to rely on . But here we are . The Blazers chemistry has kicked in and they have learned how to play with one another . A heavy dose of Lillard and McCollum with added contributions from everyone else is the prescription for avoiding death by superstar .
Life without Aldridge is different . This time last year , the Blazers had won 41 games.They still need to sign a quality big man who can score and rebound . But , Blazer life is not what all the experts thought , that a major rebuild and three or four years away was staring them in their Rip City faces .
The Blazers are on pace to win 43 games , 8 less than last year , which would put them in the playoffs , in the lower tier , which would put them in striking distance of signing an elite free agent come summer with all of their available money .
Terry Stotts is Coach of the Year . C.J . McCollum is Most Improved Player of the Year . Damian Lillard is All-Star Who was Snubbed for No Apparent Reason . And the Blazers are the team everyone said had to start over with the loss of Aldridge .
Wrong . There will be no starting over . The future is now . Right now .
photo via llananba
NASA officials are scheduled to make an announcement tomorrow ( May 31 ) regarding the agency 's first-ever mission to fly directly into the punishing heat of the sun 's atmosphere .
The announcement will be part of a live webcast that will be available to watch on NASA TV , or you can watch the event live on Space , com , courtesy of NASA .
The Solar Probe Plus mission is scheduled to launch in the summer of 2018 and will orbit within 4 million miles ( 6.4 million kilometers ) of the sun 's `` surface , '' where the probe will `` [ face ] heat and radiation unlike any spacecraft in history , '' according to a statement from NASA.Mercury , by contrast , orbits the sun at a distance of between 28 and 43 million miles ( 46 and 70 million km ) , and the constant stream of radiation and powerful particle storms from the sun have utterly transformed that planet 's surface and atmosphere .
This artist 's concept shows the Solar Probe Plus spacecraft approaching the sun . Launching in 2018 , Solar Probe Plus will provide new data on solar activity and make critical contributions to scientists ' ability to forecast major space-weather events that impact life on Earth . ( Image : © Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory )
`` [ Solar Probe Plus ] will explore the sun 's outer atmosphere and make critical observations that will answer decades-old questions about the physics of how stars work , '' the statement said . `` The resulting data will improve forecasts of major space-weather events that impact life on Earth , as well as satellites and astronauts in space . ''
The speakers scheduled to participate in the webcast are : Thomas Zurbuchen , associate administrator of NASA 's Science Mission Directorate ; Nicola Fox , mission project scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland ; Eugene Parker , a professor emeritus at the University of Chicago ; Eric Isaacs , executive vice president for research , innovation and national laboratories at the University of Chicago ; and Rocky Kolb , dean of the Division of the Physical Sciences at the University of Chicago .
Visit Space.com Wednesday for complete coverage of NASA 's Solar Probe Plus announcement .
Follow Calla Cofield @ callacofield.Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on Space.com .
Top 11 Facts You Did n't Know About James Franco Genius Marketing
For many people , James Franco is an enormous mystery despite starring in comedies like This Is The End and directing documentaries like Kink . There are many things that even fans of James Franco may not know .
His Mother Was An Author
James Franco 's mother was an author , and his grandmother was an artist . This is what inspired him to paint and write during high school . However , he did not stop being artistic during high school and has even sold some of his paintings to other A-list celebrities . Some of the notable names to have bought his paintings include Blink 182 's Tom Delonge and Sharon Stone .
He Stole Cologne During High School
During high school , France and some of his friends decided to become entrepreneurs by selling cologne . To get the products , they could steal expensive cologne from department stores and then sell them to other students at the school . This is someone ironic because in 2008 James Franco became the face of Gucci cologne .
He is a Marketing Genius
Most of the movies James franco has directed and acted in were very well marketed by him . A local website has reported that the name alone ( James Franco ) get 's about 1.5 Million monthly searches ! This does n't come around that easily . To have this many searches on a monthly basis , you have to be amazing at marketing yourself and he is just that . This is a sign of him being a marketing genius .
He Has Published Short Stories
If you are looking for a book of short stories and like James Franco then you should look at his published work called Palo Alto . The short stories are based on his life growing up in the suburb of California . During high school , he was arrested for vandalizing private property and underage drinking . All of this is included in the stories which is one of the reasons why he has not allowed his mother to read them as he does not want her to know all the trouble he got into as a child .
He Has Acted Alongside His Mother
While on General Hospital , Franco had to act alongside his mother . He has stated that this was a strange experience at first . This was due to his mother acting differently because she was at work , but he was able to get over this to continue filming .
We love to save money when we shop for furniture . Do you like to find the best furniture deals when you shop , too ? Here are an article about purple discount code that you can use to save some cash on .
All of the area furniture store employees know us by sight . We drop in often to see what they have on sale , and more importantly , to find out what has been in the store too long . Store owners hate to have their money tied up in inventory that is not moving . When we notice a piece of furniture we like has sat in the store too long , we start negotiating . The piece may not be on sale today , but they will offer sales prices to get it out the door . You can save a lot of money if you ask for a better price .
He Studied At Two Schools At Once
When Franco was part of Yale 's Ph.D. program , he was also enrolled in another program at a different university . At the time he was also studying a digital media master 's program at the Rhode Island School of Design . He was also a very good student for the Yale program as he set up classes with his professor over the phone and via video conference .
The subject that Franco was discussing with his professor was a look at the film as a form of grammar or language . Franco was so committed to attending the meetings that he continued to do so while filming Oz , the Great and Powerful in Detroit . He even attended the meetings the week that his father was buried .
He Dated Actress Anha O'Reilly
France and O'Reilly dated for five years starting in 2006 and ending in late 2011 . Franco has attributed the breakup to his ambition which caused him to move to the east coast and return to school . He admitted that when he was admitted to the Yale Ph.D. program , she seemed to have enough . O'Reilly starred as Dewey Del in Franco 's adaptation of As I Lay Dying .
Danny Boyle Thought He Was Stoned
When Franco and Danny Boyle met about Franco 's role in 127 Hours , Boyle has admitted that he thought Franco was stoned . Franco has sworn that he was not and was just trying to come off as calm . He has made further claims that he has not smoked weed since he was in high school because he simply does not have the time any longer .
He Wanted To Be Spider-Man
When it was time to audition for the 2002 version of Spider-Man , James Franco auditioned for the part of Peter Parker . This would later be given to Toby Maguire . However , the director , Sam Raimi , really liked Franco 's audition . This is why he was instead offered the role of Parker 's best friend and future nemesis Harry Osborn .
Judd Apatow Thought He Was Ugly
When Judd Apatow first met James Franco on the set of Freaks and Geeks he thought that he was ugly . He has stated that all he remembers is that he thought Franco had a big mouth , was very skinny and greasy . He does admit that Franco made him laugh because he thought he was strange and funny in the way he completed the scenes . He also admits that after hiring Franco he would hear women around the office state that Franco was good looking and could not quite understand what they were talking about .
James Franco is an enigma to many people , but most can agree that he is good at what he does . There are many facts that most people do not know about the actor with the fact that he has attended Yale only being the tip of the iceberg . James Franco is not only an actor but also directs , was part of a cologne stealing ring , wanted to be Spider-Man and made Danny Boyle think he was high .
Huge Fan of Airsoft ( Maybe not James )
Do you know what airsoft is ? Well if you have never played this game it is one of the fun games to play with your friends or fun weight to lose weight . James maybe has never played airsoft gun games but as a fan , we would highly suggest him to do . One place to learn more about these toy guns and find out the best air soft guns for sale is to visit Google itself . There are many different types of airsoft guns and you may be surprised but there are many other celebrities that have airsoft . Yes , like we mentioned , we do n't know if James is a fan of airsoft but there are plenty of other celebrities who enjoy and buy them for their kids . But more importantly it 's a good way to lose those extra pounds unless with the help of phentermine .
So , we would want to hear more from you , are you an airsoft fan ? Do you think James is a fan of airsoft guns ? It is something we may never know but this is a fun topic to talk about so , email us or simply contact us here .
And with that , it is over .
One of the most tumultuous seasons in Ticats history , both on and off the field , ends with the team absolutely thumping the listless Montreal Alouettes 33-0 .
There is n't a whole bunch new to take from this , but there are some things worth pointing out and celebrating as the Ticats 2017 season comes to a close , so let 's do that .
Less Than Zero
Shutouts in football are rare . Shutouts in professional football are even rarer . Shutouts in Canadian professional football are the rarest of them all . The Hamilton Tiger-Cats recorded their first shutout in 43 years against Montreal . And yes , we have to take into account the Als being awful and having nothing to play for , but a shutout in any situation is impressive , so kudos to the Ticats defense for playing hard and fast for 60 minutes .
Sack to the Future
Sticking with the defense for a second , the numbers they posted were ridiculous , so let 's list them :
nine first downs allowed
169 yards of net offense allowed
three interceptions
four sacks , including two on the game 's first two plays
nine completions allowed
five second down conversions allowed
10 punts forced
zero trips to the red zone for the Montreal offense
Again , a lot of grains of salt come with these numbers , but those would be hard to achieve against air , let alone another team playing for nothing but pride . Just an all around stellar effort from the defensive side in this one .
Banks of 1,000 Yards
Moving to the offensive side , Brandon Banks got his 1,000 yards . I have spent weeks in this space extolling the virtues of Speedy B and imploring the Ticats brass to make sure he is retained for next season . His 1,011 yards , 959 of which came in the last 10 games , sits him 12th in the league . He might not stay there , but him finishing in the top-15 in receiving yards for the season is incredible considering there were calls from fans to release him prior to Labour Day ( I heard the pleas to released Banks personally from more than a few fans ) .
Cool Hands Luke
Congrats go out to Luke Tasker for becoming the Ticats single-season record holder for catches . Tasker 's 104 catches broke Andy Fantuz 's record of 101 set just one year ago . Incredible to think that in the near 150 year history of the Tiger-Cats , no one had ever eclipsed the 100-catch mark until last season . Tasker also picked up another 102 yards , and no sits fifth in the league in receiving , with his teammate Jalen Saunders finishing three yards ahead of Tasker and sitting fourth in the league . The Ticats , for the first time ever , had three 1,000-yard receivers . Another incredible feat considering where this team was just 11 weeks ago .
Journey to the Command Centre of the Earth
I can obviously only speak for myself , but the CFL 's “ test pilot ” of showing the video from the command centre was a huge hit with this fan . It gave great insight into what the people in the command centre see , and while I will continue to be hard on them when they screw up , I now understand a lot more of what they do in the review booth . I sure hope this program is extended and enhanced in future seasons because I think fans in all nine CFL cities would greatly benefit from seeing this during their home games .
Also , Ticats fans , Richard Leonard fumbled . I know you booed , and I knew you would , but they got that one right . And the Luke Tasker catch-and-fumble , the one that went Hamilton 's way that you cheered , I 'm not sure they got that one correct . So can we end the talk of their being a conspiracy against the Ticats , the team 's fans and city of Hamilton , please ?
Leonard Picks Seven
Speaking of Richard Leonard , he picked off two Matt Schiltz passes to take his total to seven on the season . He now sits second in the league , behind only Ed Gainey and his 10 interceptions . For a rookie to come in , start all 18 games , and perform at this high of a level speaks to the player Leonard is . Hopefully this performance catapults Leonard into a rookie of the year award .
The Truth About Masoli
Jeremiah Masoli was once again outstanding . I know a segment of the fan base does n't want to hear that , but the truth is Masoli has been magnificent since taking over as the team 's starting quarterback . Forget the 6-4 record for a second because QB wins are the most overblown stat in all sports , but just look at the numbers :
15 touchdowns to five interceptions ( a 3:1 TD-to-INT ratio ranks amongst the league 's elite )
five straight 300+ yard games
his 1.3 interception percentage is the best amongst all players who have thrown at least 30 passes . Thirty ! Not 300 , not 200 , 30
amongst all players who have thrown at least 30 passes . Thirty ! Not 300 , not 200 , 30 of those five interceptions , just one has come in the last seven games .
The narrative surrounding Masoli , the notion that he is nothing more than Kevin Glenn 2.0 , is one that the numbers do not , in any way , support . Masoli still makes bad throws and poor decisions , but he does n't do them any more than any other starting quarterback does . Fans who do n't like Masoli are holding on to images of the past , of the player he was two or three years ago . He is not that player any longer . The proof is in the numbers . we have watched Jeremiah Masoli become a legit starting QB in the CFL with our own eyes . Some do not want to accept it , but it is the undeniable truth . Jeremiah Masoli is a starting quarterback in this league and should be signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats to be their unquestioned starter heading into next season .
Looking ahead
Looking ahead means looking to the distant future . The season is over and the Ticats have a lot of questions to answer before we get to next June and training camp .
It is going to be a long off-season for Ticats fans wondering what might have been . The team 's 6-4 run to end the 2017 campaign will probably keep fans buoyant for the 2018 season , but depending on how the off-season goes , things could change .
The team has a number of free agents ( as does every team ) and will have to make some tough decisions on who to re-sign and who to let seek green pastures elsewhere , and let 's not forget the decisions need to be made on Kent Austin , Eric Tillman and June Jones . Oh , and that Johnny Manziel guy , too .
One thing is for certain , it will not be a dull winter for fans of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats .
I . Ignorance is innocence
Complicated explanations are suspect The world is simple , and there must be a simple explanation for everything .
Certainty is strength , doubt is weakness Admitting alternatives is undermining one 's own belief .
Changing one 's mind means one has wasted the time spent holding the prior opinion .
Your opinion matters as much as anyone else 's When a person has studied a topic , he has no more real knowledge than you do , just a hidden agenda .
The herd should be followed
The contemplative lemming gets trampled
Popular beliefs must be true .
No bad idea can survive .
People are generally smart .
Even if a popular belief does n't pan out , at least you 'll be in the same boat as everyone else .
II . Causality is selectable
All interconnection is apparent Otherwise , complicated explanations would be necessary .
The end supports the explanation of the means A successful person 's explanation of the means of his success is highly credible by the very fact of his success .
You can succeed by emulating the purported behavior of successful people This is the key to the cargo cult . To enjoy the success of another , just mimic the rituals he claims to follow .
Your idol gets the blame if things do n't work out , not you .
You have a right to your share You get to define your share .
Your share is the least you will accept without crying injustice .
Celebrate getting more than your share .
III . It 's not your fault
If it 's good for you , it 's good Society is everyone else .
Good intentions suffice You can always apologize .
There is no long term Do n't miss an opportunity .
Consequences are things that happen to others Only you can hold yourself accountable . Do n't let others make you do that .
If somebody starts the blame game , you can still win it .
There are evil people and institutions , and surely one of them is more responsible than you are .
You are not the problem An ugly image means a bad mirror .
IV . Death is unnatural
You 're special Bad things should n't happen to you .
Pain is wrong Life should not hurt .
It 's a Whiffle World .
Tragedy is a synonym for calamity Bad things are never consequences of one 's own action or inaction .
There will be justice Bad people get punished .
You , however , will be forgiven .
I wrote these principles after reflecting on the content of contemporary newspapers and broadcast media and why that content disquieted me . I saw that I was not disturbed so much by what was written or said as I was by what is not . The tacit assumptions underlying most popular content reflect a worldview that is orthogonal to reality in many ways . By reflecting this skewed , the media reinforces and propagates it.I call this worldview the American Cargo Cult , after the real New Guinea cargo cults that arose after the second world war . There are four main points , each of which has several elaborating assumptions . I really do think that most Americans believe these things at a deep level , and that these misbeliefs constantly underlie bad arguments in public debate .
Not long after Eliot Spitzer took office , Radley Balko wrote in disgust about Eliot Spitzer 's arrogance—particularly how he called himself `` fucking steamroller . '' If the metaphor police got another crack at him , they 'd probably label him a `` fucking tar pit . '' Spitzer endorsed Hillary Clinton , his home-state senator , only a few months into her presidential bid . Two months later Spitzer was exposed for using state resources to spy on his political archenemy . A few months after that Spitzer tried to ram through a driver 's licensing program for undocumented workers : When Clinton was asked about it in an October debate , her fumbling answer started her decline in the polls .
Obviously , Clinton had nothing to any of Spitzer 's transgressions , crimes , and stumbles . When Spitzer was riding high , on his way to winning a 40-point landslide to become governor of New York , I analyzed his autocratic style and tried to see experimental federalism . I 'd say this scandal—assuming Spitzer did not abuse his power to cover it up—is the least of his offenses . New York and national Democrats should still feel a twinge of shame for enabling his antics .
Much-discussed GOP fixer Roger Stone warned us about Spitzer back in December , in a video you can see at Reason.tv .
For a sample of the sanctimonious promises that led Spitzer to this place , here 's one of his 2006 ads .
The ad 's producer , Jimmy Siegel , now works for Clinton . ( Spitzer promised that government would change `` on Day One '' of his reign . Clinton , of course , is `` Ready on Day One . '' )
Soca Artist , The Problem Is Not Your Song . Your Problem Is Obscurity .
by Mantius Cazaubon
Fireman Hooper , 2014 Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Soca Monarch
Squeeze Head , 2014 Grenada Road March King
Arthur Allain , 2014 St Lucia Groovy Soca Monarch
Many people think that a good song is what it really takes to make it in the soca industry . This is false . Since Machel Montano , Bunji Garlin , Fay Ann Lyons , Destra , Iwer George and the other big names are very visible , they can sing almost anything , no matter how good or bad , and it will get some level of mileage . They are on the radar , unlike the small artist . No one is waiting to hear what the largely unknown artist is going to release . But hundreds of thousands are waiting on names like Machel and Bunji , leaders in the game . They will flock to YouTube to hear every song they release .
Obscurity is defined asNo one knows him , neither is he seen by the masses as being important to the industry . No one knows her song or whether she even exists . That 's the real issue . Many of the small artists have songs which are much better than what the big names in soca are singing . But they are obscure . And because they are obscure , they can not make any significant mark on soca music.This applies to everything in life and business , not only to music.Does Mc Donald 's make a better burger ? Hell no . But Mc Donald 's is known all around the world . Their food does n't taste better , but since no one knows your mother , no one is coming for dinner or buying . Since no one knows the vendor in your local shop , no one is patronizing.Lesser known artists and producers should n't believe that because they are not making it , it automatically means that their product is substandard.On rare occasions your song may be so good and its video may be so remarkable that itcuts through and is heard amidst the noise . Skinny Banton 's Soak It Good and Mr Killa 's Rolly Polly are perfect examples.We all know of songs which made it big in their country of origin but are never or hardly ever heard out there . These songs win road march and soca monarch in the small islands but never get played on the big foreign radio stations or played by the big DJs . Songs like Grenadian , Squeeze Head 's Turbo Charge and Vincentian , Fireman Hooper 's Unruly are huge in their country , but did they ever make it big in Trinidad , North America , the UK and the rest of the Caribbean ? No . These songs have all the right ingredients . They are great products.This proves that it 's not about the product but the visibility . Obscurity is the real issue.There are many songs in Trinidad and Tobago itself sang by young and new artists which are much better than those being sang by names like Iwer George . But do they ever make it ? Do they ever get airplay ? An emphatic no ! So many artists and producers think that something must be wrong with their song . Nothing is wrong with your music ! You 're tweaking a bit too much.The word remarkable simply means that you have to create something or do something that people are going to naturally make remarks about . Get people to talk about you but make sure it 's ethical . The upcoming artist needs to harness the power of the Internet as much as possible to gain visibility . Use social media like Facebook to get attention , build a YouTube following . Do something . Hustle like crazy !
Breaking news ( Photo : azcentral.com )
An attempted burglary was halted by a Peoria homeowner Thursday morning after he shot the intruder in the leg , police said .
A couple told officers they heard their doorbell ring multiple times about 9 a.m. but did not answer it .
Shortly after , the couple heard glass breaking . The husband made his way to a window , where he saw a male figure trying to enter through the window and another standing outside , police said .
The husband fired one shot , hitting the intruder in the leg . The intruder fled on foot , police said .
The homeowners , who were not named , live in the 7000 block of West Columbine Drive .
An arrest was made at a nearby Circle K at 75th Avenue and Cactus Road .
The suspect , believed to be 17 years old , was transported to a local hospital with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to his leg .
Another male was believed to have escaped in a silver or white passenger vehicle , according to witnesses . He remained at large .
Approaching a doorstep and ringing a doorbell is a tactic often used by burglars , who do n't want to enter a home that is occupied , Peoria police said . They urged people to call 911 if they see anyone suspiciously approaching houses .
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/1TeYQxV
A Day Camp That Teaches Kids In The U.S. About Female Genital Mutilation
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtney Columbus /for NPR Courtney Columbus /for NPR
It 's a hot and humid day , but the kids are buzzing . As they pile out of a coach bus at a secluded retreat center surrounded by trees and open fields , one girl spins in circles and says , `` No FGM , no FGM ! ''
So it 's definitely not your typical camp .
Last Saturday , about 60 girls and boys and some parents and volunteers traveled to the rural town of Sharpsburg , Maryland , for a one-day retreat that teaches kids about the harm caused by female genital mutilation : cutting all or part of a woman 's external genitalia , typically when she 's under age 15 . It 's often a rite of passage for girls , though there are also reports of infants being cut .
`` We think girls can be initiated [ into womanhood ] without mutilation , '' says Djessou Kouyate-Conteh . She 's the camp 's leader and is the senior project officer at the nonprofit Inter-African Committee USA , the organization that runs the camp .
Many of the families participating have ties to Guinea , one of the African countries where FGM is practiced . UNICEF tracks the prevalence of FGM in 30 countries in Africa , the Middle East and other regions . At least 200 million girls and women alive today have undergone female genital mutilation or cutting , according to UNICEF . In cultures where FGM is practiced , girls who have not been cut are generally considered unclean or unmarriageable .
In the U.S. , the practice has been illegal since 1996 , although it still occurs . Just this year , two physicians were indicted on charges stemming from the alleged female genital mutilation of two young girls in Michigan .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that more than 500,000 women and girls living in the U.S. have either undergone FGM or are at risk . Some immigrant parents take their children back to their homeland for FGM . That 's why the camp , now in its third year , is called `` Summer Without FGM . ''
Among the goals : to educate youth about the practice , which can cause health issues like infections and complications during childbirth .
If the young generation understands the harm that FGM can do , they 'll speak out against it , says Aicha Bangoura-Paye , an Inter-African Committee USA board member who grew up in Guinea .
Several guest speakers led activities and talked with the campers .
Mariama Conte underwent FGM in Guinea when she was 9 . She 's now an elementary school aide and a volunteer mentor at the camp .
`` My mom said , 'We came to circumcise you . ' I felt like throwing up , I felt disappointed , deceived , '' she says . `` I felt very scared , I 've never felt like that in my life . ''
The procedure resulted in recurring infections that caused her to miss school . She says the infections plagued her until she moved to the U.S. about 15 years ago and got better medical care .
`` You have a job to do , '' she told the campers . `` You have to help stop this . '' She reminded them : `` There 's a law here that 's going to stop them from hurting you . ''
One man spoke : Saloumba Cherif , president of a local Guinean community organization .
`` As men , we have a role to play in this fight , '' Cherif said .
He asked the boys at the camp what they could do to help girls . One replied , `` Give them confidence and protect them . ''
The kids drew pictures and wrote messages about ending FGM . One girl wrote `` Love is good , FGM is bad , pls sotp [ sic ] FGM . ''
Kouyate-Conteh says she hopes kids will talk about FGM with their peers and be aware of its dangers . `` If they are traveling to those target countries , '' she says , she wants them `` to be aware of this and why some people are still doing it , and what are the laws , what are the consequences . ''
The camp had a lighter side as well . There was a picnic lunch under the trees — and an African drum performance that got the campers clapping and dancing .
Shelby Quast , the Americas director for Equality Now , is familiar with the camp and has collaborated with IAC-USA . `` It 's an interesting idea of celebrating culture , emphasizing that you can do that without cutting a girl 's genitalia , '' she says .
It 's helpful that the camp involves many kids of Guinean descent , because most of the camp 's leaders are from Guinea , she says . `` They 're talking with the kids in their circles , so there 's a bit of trust . ''
Mariama Conte had some fun with the campers at the end of the day . While she helped clean up , she laughed as she showed girls how to balance a basket on their heads .
She hopes girls today do n't have to go through what she went through .
`` There are many other ways of initiating young girls , '' she says . `` We do not need to be mutilated . ''
Courtney Columbus is a multimedia journalist based in the Washington , D.C. area . She covers science , global health and consumer health . Her past work has appeared in the Arizona Republic and on Arizona PBS . Contact her @ cmcolumbus11 .
Jason Miller/Getty Images
The Cleveland Indians need to invest in Justin Masterson . In the wake of the steroid era , pitching has supplanted offense as the order of the day .
Batting averages are down , runs are more scarce , and home runs are no longer jumping out of the yard with the reckless abandon they did a decade ago .
Consider that in 2011 , only two players slugged 40 or more home runs . In 2000 , 16 players accomplished the feat .
While 51 players knocked in 100-plus RBIs in 2000 , only 17 did so in 2011 .
Lastly , while 48 players scored 100-plus runs in 2000 , only 16 did so in 2011 .
Needless to say , the league is becoming increasingly pitcher-friendly . While the Cleveland Indians are currently in search of a bat to upgrade their offense , they ca n't lose sight of the strengths they already possess .
The Texas Rangers are a prime example of how important good pitching is . It does n't matter how good your offense is , winning a World Series title begins and ends with good pitching .
The last time the Tribe was in serious contention for the World Series , they had two Cy Young candidates in C.C . Sabathia and Fausto Carmona anchoring their rotation . During that fateful 2007 season , the Tribe faced the dilemma of resigning either Sabathia or slugging DH Travis Hafner .
Unfortunately for Cleveland fans , the front office threw the money at Hafner , only to trade Sabathia halfway through the 2008 season .
Ed Zurga/Getty Images
Since the trade , C.C . has gone 70-25 and won a World Series with the Yankees in 2009 . Since receiving his six-year , $ 57 million extension , Hafner is half the player he used to be and has seen a significant drop in production and playing time while battling constant injuries .
In retrospect , there is n't a single Tribe fan who would n't have opted for Sabathia instead .
In playoff contention for the first time in four years , the Cleveland front office made a bold move last season when it dealt top pitching prospects ( and successive first round draft picks ) Alex White and Drew Pomeranz for the Rockies ace Ubaldo Jimenez .
Although the 2011 returns on Jimenez were n't promising , the move showed that the front office is committed to winning now—something that had n't been evident given the club 's meager payroll and unwillingness to trade prospects for proven players .
With Jimenez under contract through 2013 , the Tribe needs to cement the top of its starting rotation . They can do this by resigning Justin Masterson long-term .
At 6 ' 6 '' and 250 lbs. , with a nasty sinking fastball that tops out around 97 MPH , a sweeping slider and a developing change-up , Masterson has `` ace '' written all over him . Still only 26 , he has his best years ahead of him .
In 2011 , Masterson produced a truly masterful season while pitching in a small market for an overachieving team void of household-name superstars .
Sporting a 3.21 ERA , .257 AVG against and a 1.28 WHIP , Masterson 's 12-10 record was not a true indication of just how well he pitched for the Tribe . He allowed two or fewer earned runs in 22 of his 33 starts—tops in the AL .
Despite Masterson 's consistency , the Tribe offense had relatively little to show for his efforts . In 13 of his 24 quality starts , Masterson went 0-5 with eight no-decisions in which he allowed only 19 earned runs over 92 innings pitched . That equates to a 2.07 ERA .
Hypothetically speaking , say Masterson wins half of those eight no-decisions ( factor in the five losses ) , and he 's 16-10 and at least in the conversation for the AL Cy Young with Justin Verlander and Jered Weaver .
Furthermore , Masterson does n't give up home runs . In 33 starts , he gave up only 11 , which is easily the fewest in the league amongst pitchers with at least 25 starts . In 216 innings pitched for the season , Masterson gave up a home run ( on average ) once every 20 innings .
Masterson is now arbitration eligible and only made $ 468,000 for his impressive 2011 campaign . Tribe management will undoubtedly have to rework his contract if they hope to retain him in an Indians uniform long-term .
Rather than rushing to re-sign offensive stars Asdrubal Cabrera or Shin-Soo Choo , the front office needs to prioritize its spending around pitching . Although management has three arbitration years to resign Masterson , the move should be made sooner rather than later .
Yes , the Tribe could squeeze another couple good years from Masterson on his rookie contract . Continued success , however , will only raise his stock . And when he becomes a free agent after the 2014 season , he 'd be much more likely to walk .
It would be much more advantageous to commit to Masterson while he is still under the radar . If Justin continues to pitch well in the first half of 2012 , serious discussions should be held with his agent concerning a long-term deal .
Unless the Tribe wants to continue to breed great starting pitching for big market teams , they need to make a serious , long-term financial commitment to Masterson .
It 's the time of the year when everybody seeks out the guy who seems to be struggling the most , says he sucks , and then calls for him to be traded . The culprit this year : Ike Davis .
Coming into Sunday 's matchup with the Nationals , Davis owned a .161/.254/.321 slash line and was striking out in 28.6 % of his plate appearances . Pretty ugly numbers , especially when you consider his slow start last season .
This has lead to articles , such as Matt Meyers ' at ESPN New York , claiming Davis as the poor man 's Carlos Pena , and many comments on this site as well as others saying that he has been a disappointment , a chronically slow starter , not a part of the future , and needs to go .
This kind of talk is silly and needs to stop .
Now .
Other than being a complete overreaction to a whopping two weeks worth of games played , it completely ignores the other factors that have hindered Davis ' production .
For exhibit A , I present his 36-game sample in 2011 . Slow starter ? I think not . A .302/.383/.543 slash in April and parts of May disprove that pretty quickly . In a more limited sample in 2010 , the slash line is very similar .
So , now we come to the case of his terrible start last year . I am 100 % willing to write off last year as a lost season for Davis , ignoring everything that he did , even if the 32 home runs hit help to make my point .
Why ?
Davis suffered from a nasty bout of Valley Fever during spring training , a disease that derailed the promising career of recently-retired Conor Jackson , and has been known to be deadly . As a matter of fact , in the 1950s and 60s , the United States military tried to develop it as a biological weapon , originally as an incapacitant , than later as a lethal weapon . It is still on the CDC 's list of Biological Select Agents and Toxins .
When that is all taken into consideration , ANY wrong that Davis did at the plate last year could and should be excused ( with obvious exceptions being anything mechanical not attributed to the illness ) .
As for this year , let 's all chill out over a 15-game sample . If it ends up being mid-May and he 's still hitting like Jeromy Burnitz circa 2002 , then there may be reason for legitimate concern , but right now is the time to be calm .
I understand the frustrations with Davis ' production , but if we , as fans , simply give it time , Davis could bloom into the player the Mets hope he can become .
Until then , we 'll have to deal with being frustrated by weak groundouts to second base , line drives that go right at fielders , and a high K-rate .
And for those of you saying Ike ca n't hit lefties and is a platoon player at best , may I point you in the direction of a terrific article by Mark Simon , who talks all about Davis ' adventures against southpaws .
Follow Joe Vasile on Twitter at @ JoeVasilePBP .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Students gather and watch outside Garissa University College on April 2 , 2015 . ( Photo11 : AP )
NAIROBI , Kenya — Annita Musyoka , a student who survived the Garissa University attack by militants a year ago , still hears the sound of gunshots ringing in her ears .
Although she now studies far from her former school in eastern Kenya , the massacre still haunts her .
`` It was a terrifying moment , '' said 22-year-old Musyoka . `` All my roommates were killed by the militants . There were sounds of guns all over . I was the only person in my room who survived the attack after hiding inside a suitcase . ''
Musyoka , like many of the other surviving students now attends Moi University in Eldoret in western Kenya . Even though Garissa University reopened in January , most non-Muslim students opted to leave : The Al Shabab killers targeted Christians in their assault .
One year after the Islamic militant group Al Shabab mounted one of the most deadly terror attacks ever to happen here , this East African country is still combating extremism , and dealing with the aftershocks – while preparing for the next attack .
After Al Shabab killed 148 students and staff at Garissa University in northern Kenya on April 2 , 2015 , many students opted to move out of the region . At the same time , Garissa is building a stronger perimeter wall to safeguard campus in the future . And they hold drills — staging mock terrorist attacks — to ensure preparedness .
These drills are controversial , and sometimes , they backfire — rather than following directions , students often run amok . Three students in recent months died when they thought a real attack was occurring . Two jumped from high windows while a stampede of students crushed another student .
`` When this happens most students think it 's a real attack , '' said Joshua Wekesa , a student at Nairobi 's Strathmore University , who was injured during a mock terror drill . `` Most of them are terrified . ''
That 's because the Al-Qaeda-linked group continues to launch fatal attacks along the Somali border and Kenya 's northern coastline before retreating into hideouts in the Boni forest , a remote area known for its elephants .
The cumulative effect of recent deaths on the coast , the Garissa massacre and the 2013 Westgate Mall attack that killed 67 has severely undermined people 's confidence in the Kenyan government , said Peter Wafula Wekesa , a political scientist at Kenyatta University .
`` It made Kenyans aware of the folly of the security apparatuses in the country , which are inept , inefficient and reactionary , ” Wekesa said . “ At the very least , Kenyans are now more alive to the fact that they are on their own on matters of security since they ca n't trust the government to provide the same . ''
Eldoret Police Commissioner Abdi Hassan said he was most hopeful about a nation-wide program to train student leaders to help stop their Muslim peers from becoming terrorists .
`` We are committed to fighting terrorism by ensuring that all students in universities are not radicalized by this terror groups , '' Hassan said . `` We are offering lessons to help them reject any attempt to be radicalized . ''
Still , in spite of the drills , the beefed-up security , and de-radicalization programs , Musyoka says she fears that another attack could happen at her new school .
`` When I hear a bang or an explosion within the school compound , I panic , '' Musyoka said . `` My heart begins to pound . I live in fear of attack . I want to finish my studies and get out of this place . ''
At Garissa University students and staff will honor the victims of the attacks with a series of events , including interfaith prayer sessions Saturday .
`` We want to remember our students who perished during the attack , '' said Garissa University Principal Ahmed Warfa . `` This was the lowest moment of my life . The incident will remain deep in our hearts as teachers for as long as we live because we lost our beloved innocent students . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1N1CjxB
Country plans to ramp up maize imports from the US and Mexico amid the worst drought in a century
South Africa will relax some of its tough rules on genetically modified crops so it can ramp up maize imports from the United States and Mexico to avert a potential food crisis amid a severe drought , officials said .
Almost 90 % of maize in South Africa is genetically modified and the country bans commodities with strains not approved by the government and does not allow imports to be stored , stipulating they must be transported immediately from ports to mills .
Makenosi Maroo , spokeswoman at the Department of Agriculture , told Reuters on Tuesday that the government planned to permit importers to temporarily store consignments of GM maize at pre-designated facilities , to allow much bigger import volumes .
“ In anticipation of the volumes expected to be imported into South Africa , the ( GMO ) Executive Council has approved the adjustment of a permit condition which relates to the handling requirement , ” Maroo said .
“ There is therefore no intention to relax safety assessment or risk management procedures prescribed. “
The government , however , has not said when the rule changes would come into effect or whether they would be permanent .
The worst drought in a century has scorched vast swaths of croplands , affecting around 2.7m homes in Africa 's most advanced economy where shortages of white maize - a staple food for the black majority - could reach crisis proportions by October if expected summer rains do not fall , analysts say .
The country needs to import about 1.2m tonnes of white maize and 2.6m tonnes of yellow maize , according to the government , based on the current conservative domestic crop estimate of 7.4m tonnes , with only Mexico and the United States able to plug the shortfall .
South African maize producers called for much more far-reaching rule changes to cope with the situation . Maroo said the government was also considering applications to register additional GMO varieties that would boost maize trade between the United States and South Africa .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A maize plant in a field in Hoopstad . Mid-summer rains may be too little , too late for farmers as the South African countryside bakes under the worst drought in more than a century . Photograph : Siphiwe Sibeko/Reuters
The South African National Seed Organisation , which represents firms such as Monsanto and DuPont Pioneer , said it has six such applications pending approval .
Advocates for GM crops argue it boosts yield and productivity in tough climate conditions and pestilence-prone regions , but critics say its effects on humans and the environment remain unproven .
As US crops have significantly higher numbers of GM strains , fears of contamination during handling means suspect cargoes could be rejected as illegal at South African ports due to a “ zero tolerance ” policy .
“ We want the zero tolerance regulation changed to at least one percent ; to have it relaxed and help prevent bottlenecks occurring when we need to import , ” Heiko Koster , a feed mill owner and member of the maize steering committee .
Most of the maize imports could come from the United States rather than Mexico because US maize is cheaper and supplies more abundant , analysts said .
Colorado is changing at a rapid pace and there are people from all over the country who are now choosing to call it home . Over the last few years Colorado has experienced faster population growth than ever before . The height of the boom happened between 2014 and 2015 where there were nearly 101,000 new people who moved to Colorado . From 2010 to 2015 Colorado was the second fastest growing state in the nation and only North Dakota could boast population growth at a more rapid pace .
While growth has continued , in the last couple years it has slowed a little bit . In 2016 Colorado was the 7th fastest growing state , but that still mea n't over 90,000 new residents to the state . The primary areas areas of Colorado that experienced the most growth were El Paso County ( which is where Colorado Springs is located ) followed by Denver and next was Greeley 's Weld County . Growth however was not limited to the larger cities as the fastest growth was actually seen in small rural counties , like Costilla County in Southern Colorado ( All stats according to the Denver Post ) .
Denver is Now a City of Cranes .
If you want to see Colorado 's population growth first hand , just take a trip to the capital . Denver now boasts the 3rd most cranes among major cities in the United States .
The downtown area is one of the hotspots for new constriction with the whole skyline changing due to new skyscrapers being built . However , new residential and commercial construction is not limited to the center of the city as a number of suburbs and other neighborhoods are also experiencing extreme growth .
Whether you 're analyzing statistics or simply observing the new construction all across the state , there 's no question that people are flocking to the Centennial State in record numbers . Let 's look at some of the most important reasons why everyone is moving to Colorado .
Economic Growth
According to the Denver Business Journal , Colorado has some of the highest GDP growth in the entire country over the last few years .
In fact , our state is the has the fourth fastest growing economy in the nation and experienced 3.6 % growth in 2015 . In 2016 , the growth has slowed a bit closer to a 2 % increase in GDP , which is still very health growth . 2017 already look like it 's ramping back up to number from previous years and many are estimating unemployment to continue to fall as our economy continues to rise . These statistics are a major contributor as to why many new people are choosing to move to Colorado . The primary industries that have experienced growth over the last couple years have been :
Construction
Information
Wholesale Trade
Jobs
In 2017 the Denver Business Journal ranks Colorado as the # 2 state in the country for most attractive states for employment and # 1 for job opportunities .
With thriving economic growth , Colorado has become a fantastic place to find a job . The Denver Post said that the Colorado job market has been growing faster and more consistently than in the last 20 years . Denver has also been mentioned as one of the ‘ bright spots ' of the country as there is such a wide availability of jobs available . Among those new jobs , the professional and business services sector is predicted to contribute the biggest percentage of those new positions . Whether it 's recent college graduates or families looking for a change in lifestyle , there are many people starting and changing their careers in Denver as well as the rest of Colorado .
Growth Across the State
Weld County ( which surrounds the city of Greeley ) was in the top 3 for the most job growth in the country , even more than Denver between 2014-2016 .
If you spend some time in Denver it is easy to see signs of population growth all around you . From increased traffic to new construction sites , there is an abundance of new residents moving to the capital . In fact , the entire skyline is being changed with so many new skyscrapers going up around the downtown area . However , it 's far more than just Denver 's high levels of growth in Colorado . Front range communities like Greeley , Fort Collins , and Loveland are also seeing large amounts of population and economic growth as are the smaller communities that surround them . While the changes to the energy sector have definitely affected some jobs , growth continues to persist in those areas despite the decline of the oil and gas industry .
Mountains
Whether you choose to live in the city or a small town , the majestic Rocky Mountains are bound to have some impact on your life in Colorado .
No list of reasons why people are moving to Colorado could be complete without mentioning the gorgeous mountains . Whether it 's skiing , hiking , mountain biking , or simply taking a drive to get away from it all , Colorado offers easily accessible mountains with tons of things to do . While the choices for the best mountain towns in Colorado might be up for debate , there 's no question that visiting them is a part of nearly everyone 's life in Colorado . All across the state are beautiful national parks where you can camp , partake in outdoor recreation activities or simply splendor in the natural setting . There 's no shortage of things to do or mountains to climb if you 've chosen to make Colorado your home .
Lifestyle
Colorado ranks in the top 10 healthiest states in the country with very low obesity rates due to a very active culture .
While new job opportunities are most likely the biggest factor influencing the hoards of new people moving to Colorado , the lifestyle that comes with it is also very appealing . The combination of over 300 days of sunshine , and the popularity of physical , outdoor activities , makes for a very healthy and fit population .
Want To Learn More About Colorado ?
Courtesy of the Shevchenko family Kristina Shevchenko , 15 , was hospitalized Tuesday night after being shot by a gunman at Clackamas Town Center in Portland , Ore .
Updated at 1:30 p.m . ET -- A teenager from Oregon faces a “ long road to recovery ” after surviving her second brush with death in just the past few months .
Kristina Shevchenko , 15 , was rushed to a hospital Tuesday in critical condition after a masked gunman sprayed bullets around a suburban Portland , Ore. , mall during the height of holiday shopping season , piercing her chest . After surgery , she was in stable condition , according to a statement from her family .
Her family continued to update supporters on her condition via a Facebook page on Wednesday , with her brother , Yevgeniy , writing early in the morning , `` The bullet went through bruising her lung , it missed any vital organs and it missed her ribs . She will need 2 more operations . we appreciate any and all support including your prayers ! Thank you . ''
In another post , Shevchenko 's family revealed something else : Over the summer , Shevchenko had survived another fatal encounter .
`` Many of you have noticed the earlier tragedy that happened in our family a couple months ago where 7 of my siblings and 2 friends were involved in a fatal car accident . You could read it online for yourself , but yes it did happen and yes Kristina was in that car accident , '' the post read , and linked to an article about a Beaverton , Ore. , man who was killed after veering into a van driven by a 27-year-old member of the Shevchenko family .
Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts identifies the victims of a deadly shooting at an Oregon mall , saying there was `` no apparent relationship '' between the two and the shooter .
Oregon mall gunman ID 'd ; motive unclear
The crash happened in Vancouver , Wash. , in August , and alcohol was believed to have been a factor , Vancouver police told Columbian.com . Multiple teens and adults were in the van when the driver -- Alberto Perez Garcia , 25 -- veered into it , they said . The driver and at least two other adults had been hospitalized at the time .
In a statement , the family described Shevchenko as a `` happy child '' who is `` active in church , '' and said `` by the mercy of God she is now in stable condition , but has a long road to recovery . ''
Shevchenko , who had been with a friend when she was shot , regularly walked through the mall around the time of the shooting -- which happened at about 3:20 p.m. on Tuesday -- to get home from school , her family said .
The motive for the shooting , which sent Christmas shoppers and people waiting in line to see Santa running for cover , was n't clear .
Several witnesses reported hearing the gunman , identified as Jacob Tyler Roberts , 22 , announce , `` I am the shooter , '' before he began firing .
`` All of a sudden , I just heard a series of gunshots… boom , boom , boom , boom , boom… whatever the shooter was shooting at , they continued to shoot , '' shopper Bill Hoff told NBC station KGW .
Macy 's employee Mariah Saldana told KGW that she was sitting by the door `` watching what was going on , and then some guy just ran by in a white mask and an assault rifle , and then I look out because I hear a few shots and he 's … and he 's sitting there and he 's pointing the gun at some people . ''
Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts discusses the gunman who opened fire at a Portland-area mall , saying it `` looked to be a random shooting . ''
More content from NBCNews.com :
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
Anley , S.T . - 'Stanley Martin Lieber '
Nats , Neel - 'Stanley Martin Lieber '
1988 Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards - Nominee - Hall of Fame
1989 Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards - Nominee - Hall of Fame
1991 Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards - Nominee - Hall of Fame
1994 Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards - Winner - Hall of Fame
It 's a beautiful cold December day across the area with bare ground and certainly the feeling of the holiday season in the air . Thus far we have yet to see any snow , but that may all be about to change this weekend .
It will be challenging to forecast the upcoming storm 's strength and path . A shift 50 to 100 miles to the west could bring plowable snowfall into eastern Massachusetts and could also drop rain or snow along the coast . If the storm moves eastward , only southeastern Massachusetts would get precipitation , either in the form of snow or rain , with temperatures marginally cold enough for the moisture to take a frozen form .
Advertisement
If we are going to get into a snow situation , it would occur later Saturday and continue overnight . The models we forecasters use have trended slightly west in the past 12 hours , but that could change over the next day or so .
This does not look like a blockbuster snowstorm , but some parts of interior southeastern Massachusetts , from New Bedford up to Weymouth , could see more than two inches of snow .
Interior southeastern Massachusetts is likely to receive the most accumulation from a possible snow event this weekend . —Dave Epstein
Any snow or rain on Cape Cod would wind down during the evening on Saturday , most likely after about 9 p.m .
Sunday will feature a blend of clouds and sunshine and chilly temperatures . Another shot of Arctic air will be poised to move into New England in the middle of next week . There 's no getting around the fact that winter has arrived .
In February , Northwestern University Professor Laura Kipnis denounced the sexual paranoia taking hold at American college campuses . Soon after , she learned that her essay on the subject had triggered protests , petitions , and even formal Title IX complaints from students who disagreed with her .
Now Kipnis has penned a second essay for The Chronicle Review detailing the formal review process she underwent as a result of those complaints—which , again , were filed because students objected to the content of a tenured professor 's speech and asserted that federal anti-harassment laws entitled them to protection from opinions that bothered them .
When I previously wrote about Kipnis , I referred to the Title IX process as akin to the Spanish Inquisition . In her latest , revelatory essay , Kipnis uses the same metaphor : “ My Title IX Inquisition . ”
While the details of the investigation will be familiar to anyone who has read stories about university sexual assault adjudications , what 's striking about the Kipnis case is that the “ incident ” was an essay , not an actual confrontation of any sort .
Kipnis was informed that the charges existed—not what they were—via email . Norwthwestern 's Title IX coordinator explained that the university would hire an outside law firm to investigate the complaints . Kipnis was not entitled to a lawyer—though she could bring a silent “ support person ” —and would n't be notified of the actual charges until she sat down with the investigators : either in person or via Skype . The investigators , who worked out of state , would be flown in to deal with her .
Kipnis was not permitted to record her conversation with the investigators , so her recollection of the charges is based on notes she took during her meeting with them :
… my essay included two paragraphs about a then-ongoing situation on my campus involving a professor who was himself the subject of two sexual-harassment investigations involving two students . This professor subsequently sued university officials and one of the students for defamation , among other things . The charges had occasioned a flurry of back-and-forth lawsuits , all part of the public record , which had been my source for the two paragraphs . My point in citing this legal morass was that students ' expanding sense of vulnerability , and new campus policies that fostered it , was actually impeding their educations as well as their chances of faring well in postcollegiate life , where a certain amount of resilience is required of us all . Both complainants were graduate students . One turned out to have nothing whatsoever to do with the essay . She was bringing charges on behalf of the university community as well as on behalf of two students I 'd mentioned — not by name — because the essay had a `` chilling effect '' on students ' ability to report sexual misconduct . I 'd also made deliberate mistakes , she charged ( a few small errors that had n't been caught in fact-checking were later corrected by the editors ) , and had violated the nonretaliation provision of the faculty handbook . The other complainant was someone I 'd mentioned fleetingly ( again , not by name ) in connection with the professor 's lawsuits . She charged that mentioning her was retaliatory and created a hostile environment ( though I 'd said nothing disparaging ) , and that I 'd omitted information I should have included about her . This seemed paradoxical — should I have written more ? And is what I did n't write really the business of Title IX ? She also charged that something I 'd tweeted to someone else regarding the essay had actually referred to her . ( It had n't . )
These charges are preposterous . If the “ chilling effect ” charge was valid , this would essentially mean that criticizing Title IX violates Title IX . And the retaliation charge clearly stretches the definition of retaliation beyond all recognition . Again , if talking publicly about Title IX cases violates Title IX because it amounts to de facto retaliation against whomever the case concerns , the result would be that all discussion of Title IX is illegal—one side or the other could always claim retaliation .
Kipnis has not yet been informed of the investigators ' findings , even though they have now exceeded their stated deadline . The complaints should be dismissed on the grounds that they are both frivolous and a pernicious threat to academic freedom . But even if that 's exactly what happens , merely entertaining the notion that such complaints could be merited is a grave danger . The real “ chilling effect ” here is the one encouraging university faculty never to express ideas that might get them in trouble—that might get them hauled before the Title IX inquisition . Indeed , Kipnis notes in her essay that she believes men would have an even more difficult time standing up to Title IX scrutiny , and would have greater incentive to keep their mouths shut during important discussions relating to gender , sexuality , and the law .
But that 's just the charges ; the review process itself is every bit as absurd . Kipnis had no right to a lawyer , was expected to answer questions about the charges at the same meeting in which she learned of them , and dealt with a preponderance of evidence standard . And even though Kipnis was expected to keep the charges confidential , a graduate student wrote an article about them for The Huffington Post . The lawyers told Kipnis that she was entitled to file a Title IX complaint alleging retaliation against this student .
Indeed , a cycle of retaliatory charges seems to be what keeps this farce going . Just look what happened to Kipnis 's “ support person ” :
As of this writing , I have yet to hear the verdict on my case , though it 's well past the 60-day time frame . In the meantime , new Title IX complaints have been filed against the faculty-support person who accompanied me to the session with the investigators . As a member of the Faculty Senate , whose bylaws include the protection of academic freedom — and believing the process he 'd witnessed was a clear violation of academic freedom — he 'd spoken in general terms about the situation at a senate meeting . Shortly thereafter , as the attorneys investigating my case informed me by phone , retaliation complaints were filed against him for speaking publicly about the matter ( even though the complaints against me had already been revealed in the graduate student 's article ) , and he could no longer act as my support person . Another team of lawyers from the same firm has been appointed to conduct a new investigation .
This anecdote , I think , reveals the men behind the curtain : it 's the lawyers and bureaucrats . The Title IX inquisition must be a cash-cow for the people tasked with handling such broad and outlandish claims . Northwestern flew a team of a lawyer out to meet with Kipnis ; these men would have interviewed anyone she deemed relevant to her case . Their colleagues would have initiated retaliation investigations against anyone she accused ( this calls to mind recent Game of Thrones episodes , in which characters levelling accusations against each other merely manage to get absolutely everyone , accusers and accused , confined to dungeon cells ) . Is it any wonder that tuition prices are skyrocketing so that universities can continue to pay all these Title IX lawyers , bureaucrats , and coordinators ?
I wonder how many of the students who initiate reckless , Orwellian investigations are also apt to complain that American higher education is becoming unaffordable .
( I reached out to Kipnis and Northwestern University President Morton Schapiro . Neither responded immediately . I will update this post if I hear back . )
Certain realities also shape these procedures , such as the schedules of working parents , unsafe neighborhoods and school transportation cuts .
But when these constraints are mixed with anxiety over transferring children from the private world of family to the public world of school , the new normal can look increasingly baroque . Now , in some suburbs , parents and children sit in their cars at the end of driveways , waiting for the bus . Some school buses now have been fitted with surveillance cameras , watching for beatings and bullying .
Children are driven to schools two blocks away . At some schools , parents drive up with their children 's names displayed on their dashboards , a school official radios to the building , and each child is escorted out .
When to detach the parental leash ? The trip to and from school has become emblematic of the conflict parents feel between teaching children autonomy and keeping them safe . In parenting blogs and books , the school-bus stop itself is shorthand for the turmoil of contemporary parents over when to relinquish control .
Photo
Parents ' worst nightmares were inflamed recently by the re-emergence of Jaycee Dugard , the 11-year-old girl who was kidnapped on her way to the school bus 18 years ago in northern California .
The fear of abduction by strangers “ has become a norm within middle-class parental circles , ” said Paula S. Fass , a history professor at the University of California , Berkeley , and author of “ Kidnapped : Child Abduction in America. ” “ We try to control our fears to the nth degree , so we drop our children off right at school . It 's a confirmation that ‘ I 'm a good parent . ' ”
In 1969 , 41 percent of children either walked or biked to school ; by 2001 , only 13 percent still did , according to data from the National Household Travel Survey . In many low-income neighborhoods , children have no choice but to walk . During the same period , children either being driven or driving themselves to school rose to 55 percent from 20 percent . Experts say the transition has not only contributed to the rise in pollution , traffic congestion and childhood obesity , but has also hampered children 's ability to navigate the world .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a study of San Francisco Bay Area parents who drove children ages 10 to 14 to school , published this summer in the Journal of the American Planning Association , half would not allow them to walk without supervision , and 30 percent said fear of strangers governed their decision .
In recent years , parents like Katie have begun to push back . They often encounter disapproval by other parents , scoldings by school administrators , even visits from local constabularies .
“ I do n't feel you can be a parent and not feel nervous , ” said Lenore Skenazy , whose recent book , “ Free-Range Kids : Giving Our Children the Freedom We Had Without Going Nuts with Worry , ” looks at parental fears and statistical realities . “ But we do n't do them a service by going to the worst-case scenario in your mind and acting accordingly . Organizing your life around the images of Etan Patz and Jaycee Dugard negates the joy you had walking to school as a kid or even the sense that you could take care of yourself . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Denise Schipani , a writer in Huntington Station , N.Y. , recently added a post on her blog , Confessions of a Mean Mommy , entitled “ The Bus Stop Conundrum. ” Ms. Schipani herself grew up in an era when “ we had a life outside the house that had nothing to do with our parents , ” she said . “ Kids used to do more things on their own because they could . No one was saying , ‘ not until you 're 10 or 12 . ' But on our street , people drive fast and my kids expect me to wait with them for the school bus. ” So do other mothers . “ How long do I have to do this ? What are the rules ? ”
The federally funded Safe Routes to School program has been working with communities to address problems that impede children from walking or biking to school . Particularly since last summer , when gas prices rose and districts began cutting budgets , some districts have been turning to “ the walking school bus , ” where parent volunteers walk groups of children to school .
But communal will around this issue has not yet arrived in many places . In Columbus , Miss. , Lori Pierce would like her daughters , 6 and 8 , to walk the mile to school by the end of the year . “ They want to walk , ” she said . “ They have scooters. ” But she and the girls face obstacles . Mrs. Pierce must teach them the rules of a busy street , have officials install some sidewalks and urge the school to hire a crossing guard .
Photo
And Mrs. Pierce faces another obstacle to becoming a free-range mother : public opinion .
Last spring , her son , 10 , announced he wanted to walk to soccer practice rather than be driven , a distance of about a mile . Several people who saw the boy walking alone called 911 . A police officer stopped him , drove him the rest of the way and then reprimanded Mrs. Pierce . According to local news reports , the officer told Mrs. Pierce that if anything untoward had happened to the boy , she could have been charged with child endangerment . Many felt the officer acted appropriately and that Mrs. Pierce had put her child at risk .
Critics say fears that children will be abducted by strangers are at a level unjustified by reality . About 115 children are kidnapped by strangers each year , according to federal statistics ; 250,000 are injured in auto accidents .
Ms. Skenazy , who prompted an uproar in 2008 when she wrote a column about allowing her 9-year-old son to take a New York City subway and bus alone , said that the alarm parents feel has been stoked by sensation-seeking news outlets and crime shows like “ Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ On TV , most criminals are strangers , ” she said . “ That sinks into your view of the world and you think all strangers are to be distrusted . ”
Schools are skittish about unsupervised young walkers . Lisa Reid , who lives in a suburb of Vancouver , British Columbia , had signed a permission form , but when her first-grader proudly told his teacher he was walking home himself last spring , a distance of six houses , the teacher was incredulous . She took him to the office and called Mrs. Reid , who did n't hear the phone .
That was because Mrs. Reid was pacing at the end of the driveway , waiting for her son , her worries climbing exponentially as the moments ticked by .
Mrs. Reid used to teach in a Vancouver school where many students were refugees . “ Those kids all walked home , ” she said . “ They came from countries where they walked through terrible , horrible things , and they thought it was great to be safe here on our streets . ”
Jonathan Zimmerman , a New York University professor who writes about the history of American education , said that schools themselves should not be blamed for what some might consider hyper-vigilance . “ The public school is the most grass-roots institution we have , ” he said . “ They 're responding to very real demands . This is clearly something that has engaged and agitated the public . ”
Not only do institutions feel threatened when individuals wander off the range ; so do other parents .
Recently , Amy Utzinger , a mother of four in Tucson , Ariz. , let her daughter , 7 , walk down the block to play with a friend . Five houses . Same side of the street .
Afterward , the friend 's mother drove Mrs. Utzinger 's daughter home . “ She said , ‘ I just drove her back , just in case ... you know , ' ” recalled Mrs. Utzinger . “ What was I supposed to say ? How can you argue against ‘ just in case ' ? ”
David Bandurski , an analyst and editor for the University of Hong Kong 's China Media Project , said the association 's rules created the illusion of industry consensus as the company 's acquiesced to what party officials call “ self-discipline . ”
“ Many of these companies are private , so it 's important for the leadership to have a means of bringing them together and creating a means of applying pressure on the collective , ” he wrote in an email . “ It is a tactic of co-option . ”
Writers , filmmakers , podcasters and others attributed the guidelines and other measures to a new prim and paternalistic ideology taking shape under Mr. Xi , who has called on party members to be “ paragons of morality ” in pursuit of what he calls the “ China Dream . ”
Many also attributed the tightening of controls to official nervousness ahead of a major Communist Party congress scheduled for October . The congress is expected to reshuffle the country 's leadership and consolidate President Xi 's already formidable power .
“ I feel like people say all the time that after the big congress , things will be O.K. , ” said Fan Popo , a documentary filmmaker whose work has run afoul of online censorship because it explores the country 's conflicted views about homosexuality . But then he noted how online censorship has also spiked ahead of important state holidays and following unexpected events like the death of the Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo .
“ It 's still going on , ” he said , “ and it 's getting worse . ”
In June , the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television announced a new rating system for online bookstores and publishers based on criteria that included upholding moral values .
The powerful Cyberspace Administration — the ultimate authority over what is online in China — also shut down dozens of blogs and social media accounts for covering celebrity news and gossip that month .
We just discovered the ultimate sensory experience : a soap foam cupcake station ! There was scooping , pouring , squeezing , pumping , pinching , balancing , squealing , spilling , and pretending galore .
Soap foam bubbles have been our favorite sensory bin for years ever since we discovered it on Fun at Home With Kids , and I have been wanting to use these cupcake liners that we just got . It was the perfect combination !
This post contains affiliate links for your convenience .
The best part is that the soap foam can be completely made by the children ! All you need is a mixing pitcher . Mine is from Pampered Chef but any would do . This brilliant idea for making soap foam with a pitcher is one that I saw from some photos on the facebook page of Play Counts .
To make soap foam with a mixing pitcher , you just need three simple ingredients !
Water
Liquid soap
Washable liquid watercolor
I put in one cup of water and about 4 Tablespoons of soap . I just used Palmolive , but I think most any brand would work . Our favorite type of soap is Mrs. Meyer 's . You do n't have to be exact with soap and water amounts . There is a lot of room for flexibility ! And if you do n't have the proper pitcher , you can always make soap foam with a mixer .
Then add about 1/2 to 1 Tablespoon of liquid watercolor . Ours is from Discount School Supply but you can get it from Amazon as well . I do not recommend food coloring for a sensory activity . It stains ! Liquid watercolor is washable , so every time some spilled , I just reminded myself “ it 's just colored water . It 's just colored water . ”
Now all the children have to do is pump the handle up and down . The faster they pump , the better the bubbles are . I just tell them to do it until the liquid at the bottom of the pitcher has become bubbles . They were able to turn the entire pitcher into bubbles in about two to three minutes . If they worked really hard , it only took one !
Please keep in mind that soap foam does sting if it gets into the eyes . I recommend close supervision and using it with children who are old enough to understand this .
Make a soap foam cupcake station
Now for the cupcake station ! I found these cupcake liners for an amazing deal on Amazon and knew we would make wonderful use out of them . My children got to work right away , filling them up with soap foam .
The sprinkles are made out of craft foam . We just used a hole punch to make them .
I even let them get a little bit fancy with my real cupcake decorating kit .
This cupcake station kept us busy for a solid hour . I 'm not gon na lie . The clean up was a lot . Feel free to do this in a sensory bin or outside . I 'm wishing we did now , but it was so fun that the mess was totally worth it . Remember , it 's just colored water ( with soap ) : ) .
One of the best parts about this is that the soap foam can be constantly remade . As the soap foam dissolves , it turns back to colored water . Just pour it back in the pitcher , and pump it some more ! Then you have more soap foam , and no extra ingredients are required .
We decided to change the color midway through ! Then it became a color mixing experiment !
If you are looking for the perfect sensory play idea or a fun cupcake station , you will be delighted with this fun soap foam bubble activity !
Related Posts :
Super Easy Baking Soda and Vinegar Volcano Eruption ( no clean up necessary )
LOS ANGELES/CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - McDonald 's Corp ( MCD.N ) posted lighter-than-expected May sales at U.S. restaurants open at least 13 months , sending shares of the world 's biggest hamburger chain and its rivals lower on Monday .
The McDonald 's sign is seen outside its store at the Times Square in New York , June 9 , 2008 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
May same-restaurant sales were up 2.8 percent in the United States , helped by new coffee drinks and snacks , but that was significantly slower than the 6.1 percent growth in April .
Analysts said the average of estimates called for May growth of around 3.6 percent .
“ U.S . missed consensus ... thus the weakness today , ” said Stifel Nicolaus analyst Steve West , who added that the U.S. result for May matched his own view .
The results topped Telsey Advisory Group 's call for a rise of 2 percent , but missed RBC Capital Markets ' expectation that sales could rise 3.9 percent for the month .
McDonald 's is one of the restaurant industry 's top performers largely because its Dollar Menu has been attracting diners amid a lengthy recession that has sent unemployment sharply higher .
Shares in McDonald 's were down 2.7 percent to $ 58.25 in early afternoon trade . Shares of rival Burger King Holdings Inc BKC.N were down 1.4 percent . Stock in Wendy's/Arby 's Group Inc WEN.N was off 1.7 percent and Taco Bell , KFC and Pizza Hut owner Yum Brands Inc ( YUM.N ) shares fell 1.7 percent .
McDonald 's faced a tough sales comparison versus a year ago May when McDonald 's was giving away Southern Style Chicken sandwiches with a beverage purchase in the United States , Telsey analyst Tom Forte said .
He added that some of the sell-off also could be due to disappointment that sales related to the official McCafe launch failed to drive stronger results .
“ It 's certainly a significant item , but it 's not going to move the needle to too large of an extent in any individual month , ” Forte said .
“ I do not at all read the number on May as any indication that McCafe is not doing well , ” he said .
GLOBAL SALES RISE
Worldwide same-restaurant sales , which excludes currency effects , grew 5.1 percent in May , on strong demand from Europe and Asia/Pacific .
However , the growth was down from April , when global same-store sales rose 6.9 percent .
The stronger U.S. dollar — which lessens the dollar value of overseas sales — led to an overall 0.4 percent decline in systemwide sales at McDonald 's restaurants globally , the company said . Sales rose 7 percent in constant currencies .
McDonald 's May same-store sales increased 7.6 percent in Europe , and 6.4 percent in the company 's Asia/Pacific , Middle East and Africa segment . In April , same-store sales in the two regions were up 8.4 and 6.5 percent , respectively .
McDonald 's said the hit from foreign exchange rates , if they remain around current levels , is expected to be 8 cents to 9 cents a share in the second quarter and about 20 cents for the year . Its prior forecast called for a currency-related drag of 32 cents per share in 2009 .
The company also said second-quarter results , which it is scheduled to report on July 23 , are expected to include 2 cents to 3 cents a share of income due to a license deal in Indonesia and the sale of Redbox Automated Retail .
EXCLUSIVE : Good news for Arrested Development fans . The new season of the cult Mitch Hurwitz comedy commissioned by Netflix will be larger than originally planned . I 've learned that , during production on the 10 new episodes ordered by Netflix , Hurwitz shot more material than planned and also came up with ideas for additional scenes and storylines . Hurwitz , producing studio 20th Century Fox TV and Imagine TV approached Netflix , which agreed to expand the order to what I hear will be 12-15 episodes . As a result , production on the show , originally slated to wrap right after Thanksgiving , was extended for a few more weeks . But , given the complexity of adding material as you go on a show where none of the actors are in first position and filming has to be done around their existing schedules , I hear 20th TV at the end of last week decided to pause production so Hurwitz can review the footage already in the can and take his time figuring out the best way to incorporate the new arcs . Once he is done , the studio will begin working on securing the actors needed . Filming is tentatively slated to resume in late January . The producers have some breathing room as Netflix is targeting a spring premiere date for Arrested Development when it plans to make all episodes available at the same time .
“ We are thrilled with the direction of the show , with the footage we have seen and with the relationship between Mitch , Imagine , 20th and Netflix , ” a Netflix spokeswoman said . “ At this time , we are not confirming or announcing the final episode count but we are sure fans will be thrilled when we do . ”
// echo wdsb_get_sharebox ( ) ; ?
Human bodies can live up to 250 years . Afterwards , brains can be transferred to computers , allowing eternal life in a digital heaven . And this will happen during your lifetime .
Such is the belief of Wang Jun , former chief executive of Chinese genome sequencing firm BGI and founder of iCarbonX , a start-up that raised RMB1 billion series A funding in April at a valuation of RMB5 billion three months after it was set up .
There was no shyness when the 40-year-old scientist laid out the daring future at a side gathering of the Summer Davos in Tianjin earlier this week . Wang 's vision is echoed by another tech wizard Max Hui Yuan , founder of Chinese intelligent robot firm Shanghai Xiaoi Robot Technology .
`` The relationship between humans and artificial intelligence ( AI ) is like Adam and the apple ( in the bible ) . After the first bite , the trend of AI becoming more intelligent than humans is irreversible , '' the ex-Microsoft engineer Yuan said during the same gathering .
The idea of digital immortality is not new . Russian billionaire Dmitry Itskov founded The 2045 Initiative , aiming to achieve cybernetic immortality by the year 2045 . The National Science Foundation in the U.S. awarded a grant to a project to create digital versions of real people .
AI enthusiasts back up their belief by pointing to the speed of technological advancement since the advent of the Internet . The argument goes like this : Think back ten or twenty years ago , would you have imagined the spread of smartphones or fitness bands ? The pace of technological advancement will only accelerate in the future .
Xiaoi Robot 's Yuan believes that the current wave of AI innovations will have a much higher chance of success , compared to the last two tries since the 1950s that made little headway .
There are currently vast amounts of infrastructure including big data , cloud computing , smart chips and Internet of Things ( IoT ) that will provide all the ingredients for AI .
In addition , scientists are no longer locked up in their labs trying to create some sort of transformer-like creature in isolation . Today , AI technologies are being applied to almost every facet of life , from chess playing , to finance , and to healthcare .
The many robots displayed around the massive convention hall in Tianjin make the future of having a robot nanny , secretary or pilot seem very close . Yet , it is apparent that a self-learning and real intelligent machine that competes or surpasses humans will still be generations away .
But as Xiaoi Robot 's Yuan pointed out , if carbon-composed humans can evolve to become what we are today after tens of millions of years , why ca n't silicon ?
GEORGE TOWN : The family of the late Lim Tang Too , a rubber tapper , can very well enter the Guinness Book of World Records as having the most number of doctors .
There are 45 of them spread over Lim 's children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren .
Lim , who is survived by his wife , Loo Siew Chin , had always stressed the importance of education to all their 11 children and eight of them are doctors .
Loo , 95 , a former rubber tapper , along with her late husband , had a tough time raising their large family on their meagre earnings , but had always wanted their children to have a comfortable life .
Today , the family , including the extended family , can boast of 45 doctors , 20 of them being specialists , and one is an associate professor at Universiti Malaya .
Among Loo 's nine sons and two daughters , her eldest son , Dr Lim Boon Sho , currently runs Klinik Lim in Nibong Tebal .
He said his father was the one who inspired them to become doctors in order to help other family members who often fell sick .
Boon Sho , who is the first in the family to graduate as a medical doctor , said he began studying medicine in India back in 1964 .
“ When we were kids , we often fell sick and my father sent us to the general hospital for treatment .
“ Due to financial constraints , my father came up with an idea of having a doctor in the family so that the rest would be well taken care of .
“ After I had graduated , one by one my brothers went on the same path , ” he told Bernama during a family gathering dinner here last night .
Boon Sho , who was Sungai Bakap assemblyman from 1986 until 1990 , said after the passing of his father nine years ago , the family had always been passionate about medicine .
“ My brothers and I always talked about medicine but we never forced our children to become doctors . We merely wanted them to have a good education , ” he said .
Of Boon Sho 's 10 other siblings , seven of them are doctors , namely Dr Lim Boon Sin , 68 , Dr Lim Boon Ben , 66 , Dr Lim Boon Seng , 64 , Dr Lim Boon Hock , 59 , Dr Lim Boon Han , 55 , Dr Lim Boon Kiong , 52 , and Dr Lim Boon Aik , 50 .
Boon Sho 's eldest sister , Lim Ai Hwa , 76 , is a housewife , his younger brother , Lim Boon Tai , 62 , is a businessman and his youngest sister , Lim Ai Ching , a lawyer .
Meanwhile , Boon Han , who is also Gerakan Nibong Tebal division chairman , said with over 45 doctors and specialists in the family currently , there was a plan to set up a private hospital run by the Lim family .
“ Maybe one day , we can introduce a Lim family hospital , but everything is still too premature and we are still in the initial planning stage . ”
He added that the family , which now had about 100 members from four generations , made it a point to get together every Chinese New Year and medicine would always be the main topic of discussion .
Their reproductive strategy spelled the beginning of the end : The fact that dinosaurs laid eggs put them at a considerable disadvantage compared to viviparous mammals . Together with colleagues from the Zoological Society of London , Daryl Codron and Marcus Clauss from the University of Zurich investigated and published why and how this ultimately led to the extinction of the dinosaurs in the journal Biology Letters .
The dinosaur 's egg and the tiny dino baby
Weighing in at four tons , the mother animal was 2,500 times heavier than its newly hatched dinosaur baby . By way of comparison , a mother elephant , which is just as heavy , only weighs 22 times as much as its new-born calf . In other words , neonates are already big in large mammal species . The staggering difference in size between newly hatched dinosaurs and their parents was down to the fact that there are limits to the size eggs can become : After all , larger eggs require a thicker shell and as the embryo also needs to be supplied with oxygen through this shell , eventually neither the shell nor the egg can grow any more . Consequently , newly hatched dinosaur babies can not be larger in the same way as in larger species of mammal .
Many species occupy one niche each ; one species occupies many niches
In addition , new-born mammals occupy the same ecological niche as their parents : As they are fed with milk directly by the mother , they do not take any niche away from smaller species . With large dinosaurs , however , it was an entirely different story : They did not only occupy the adults ' one niche during their lifetime , but also had many of their own to pass through -- from niches for animals with a body size of a few kilos and those for ten , 100 and 1,000-kilo animals to those that were occupied by the fully grown forms of over 30,000 kilograms .
Daryl Codron explains what this means for biodiversity : `` The consensus among researchers is that animals of particular body sizes occupy particular niches . In the case of the dinosaurs , this would mean that a single species occupied the majority of the ecological niches while mammals occupied these through numerous species of different sizes . '' Accordingly , the research results reveal that dinosaurs of a small and medium body size were represented with far fewer individual species than was the case in mammals -- because their niches were occupied by the young of larger species .
`` An overview of the body sizes of all dinosaur species -- including those of birds , which are also dinosaurs after all -- reveals that few species existed with adults weighing between two and sixty kilograms , '' specifies Codron . And Marcus Clauss sums up the consequences of this demonstrated by the researchers using computer simulations : `` Firstly , this absence of small and medium-sized species was due to the competition among the dinosaurs ; in mammals , there was no such gap . Secondly , in the presence of large dinosaurs and the ubiquitous competition from their young , mammals did not develop large species themselves . '' The third insight that the computer simulation illustrates concerns small dinosaurs : They were in competition both among their own ranks and with small mammals . And this increased pressure brought the small dinosaurs either to the brink of extinction or forced them to conquer new niches . The latter enabled them to guarantee their survival up to the present day , as Codron concludes , since `` back then , they had to take to the air as birds . ''
Catastrophe : Small dinosaurs take to the air and large ones die out
The dinosaurs ' supremacy as the largest land animals remained intact for 150 million years . The mass extinction at the Cretaceous-Tertiary boundary , however , spelled trouble as the species gap in the medium size range turned out to be disastrous for them . According to the current level of knowledge , all the larger animals with a body weight from approximately ten to 25 kilos died out . Mammals had many species below this threshold , from which larger species were able to develop after the calamity and occupy the empty niches again . The dinosaurs , however , lacked the species that would have been able to reoccupy the vacant niches . That was their undoing .
Jim Harbaugh sought clarification on rules regarding hitting read-option quarterbacks . ( Ezra Shaw/Getty Images ) Jim Harbaugh sought clarification on rules regarding hitting read-option quarterbacks . ( Ezra Shaw/Getty Images )
Whether or not read-option quarterbacks like the 49ers ' Colin Kaepernick , Redskins ' Robert Griffin III or Seahawks ' Russell Wilson should be hands-off after handing off to a running back has been debated since the offensive scheme came into vogue last season . Jim Harbaugh even sought clarification from the league office on whether defenders could hit or tackle Kaepernick after he had handed off the ball on a read-option play .
On Wednesday -- the day before the 2013 NFL season opens with the Ravens at the Broncos -- NFL Vice President of Officiating Dean Blandino informed all teams and media via a video that read-option quarterbacks can indeed be hit like ball-carrying running backs , even if they do n't have the ball -- especially if the quarterback carries out a fake in a running posture .
KING : NFL 's read-option knowledge gap
In the video , Blandino explains :
“ He is still treated as a runner until he is clearly out of the play , ” Blandino said . “ The quarterback makes the pitch , he 's still a runner — he can be hit like a runner until he 's clearly out of the play . ”
The league believes a running a play specifically designed to keep potential tacklers guessing makes any player who might fake carrying the ball should be fair game .
“ The quarterback and the running back , they 're both treated as runners . We do n't know who has the football , we do n't know who 's going to take it , so both players are treated as runners , ” Blandino said .
Blandino emphasizes that , while quarterbacks retain the ability to protect themselves by sliding to the ground , they are not granted the same protection while running the read-option .
“ The basic concept is , the quarterback position is not defenseless throughout the down . It 's the posture he presents that will dictate his protections , ” Blandino said .
Blandino points out that quarterbacks are not fair game for defenders when it 's obvious he no longer has the ball .
“ If the quarterback is out of the pocket , he 's clearly out of the play , he can not be unnecessarily contacted , ” Blandino said .
on April 8 | in Blog , Podcast | by Ryan Bell | with 2 Comments
On this inaugural episode of The Ex-Files I speak with Tim Richardson about his experiences of Pentecostal Christian faith , the doubts that gradually undermined that faith , and the lessons he 's learned along the way about love , marriage , wonder , and the importance of thinking for himself .
Music provided by Ian Gordon . Learn more about Ian and his music at www.iangordon.bandcamp.com .
To be considered as a guest for a future episode of Ex-Files , click here and fill out the form .
Become a partner in the work of Life After God . Learn more at www.patreon.com/lifeaftergod .
about the author : Ryan Bell
related posts
« 032 – Recovering from Religion with Marlene Winell 034 – Apocalypse Later with Zeke Piestrup »
For the album by Master 's Hammer , see Fascinator ( album )
A fascinator is a headpiece , a style of millinery . Fascinators were originally a form of lightweight knitted head-covering . Since the 1990s the term refers to a type of formal headwear worn as an alternative to the hat ; it is usually a large decorative design attached to a band or clip , sometimes incorporating a base to resemble a hat , in which case it may be called a hatinator .
History [ edit ]
Marie Antoinette with feathers on her hair cover
It was customary for Christian women in Europe to wear some sort of headcovering . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The European fashion of decorating the head with a hat can be traced back to the late Renaissance era of the 16th century . Starting with the Baroque era of the 17th century head decorations without a hat developed . Queen Marie Antoinette made the fashion of using ostrich feathers as a head decoration popular among the European royal courts . Increased trade with Africa meant ostrich feathers were becoming more readily available to be used in fashion items , although this was still costly and therefore affordable only to the aristocracy and upper class . [ 3 ]
In the 19th century , a fascinator was also a lightweight hood or scarf worn about the head and tied under the chin , typically knitted or crocheted . [ 4 ] It was made from soft , lightweight yarns and may originally have been called a `` cloud . `` [ 5 ] The `` cloud '' is described in 1870 as being `` a light scarf of fine knitting over the head and round the neck , [ worn ] instead of an opera hood when going out at night . `` [ 6 ] The fascinator went out of fashion in the 1930s , by which time it described a lacy hood similar to a `` fussy balaclava . `` [ 7 ]
The use of the term `` fascinator '' to describe a particular form of late 20th- and early 21st-century millinery emerged towards the end of the late 20th century . Possibly as a term for 1990s designs inspired by the small 1960s cocktail hats , which were designed to perch upon the highly coiffed hairstyles of the period . [ 7 ] Although they did not give the style its name , the milliners Stephen Jones and Philip Treacy are credited with having popularised and established fascinators . [ 7 ]
Uses [ edit ]
The British royal family , with the Queen wearing a blue hat , the Duchess of Cambridge a pink hatinator , and Princess Eugenie of York a fascinator ( June 2013 )
Today , a fascinator is worn on occasions where hats are customary , sometimes serving as an evening accessory , when it may be called a cocktail hat . It is generally worn with fairly formal attire . In addition , fascinators are frequently worn by women as a Christian headcovering during church services , especially weddings . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
A substantial fascinator is a fascinator of some size or bulk . Bigger than a barrette , modern fascinators are commonly made with feathers , flowers or beads . [ 11 ] They need to be attached to the hair by a comb , headband or clip . They are particularly popular at premium horse-racing events , such as the Grand National , Kentucky Derby and the Melbourne Cup . Brides may choose to wear them as an alternative to a bridal veil or hat , particularly if their gowns are non-traditional .
At the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton in April 2011 , various female guests arrived wearing fascinators . Among them was Princess Beatrice of York , who wore a piece designed by the Irish milliner Philip Treacy . The unusual shape and colour caused quite a media stir and went on to become an internet phenomenon with its own Facebook page . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] Princess Beatrice used the publicity to auction it off on eBay , where it garnered 99,000 euros for charity . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
In 2012 Royal Ascot announced that women will have to wear hats , not fascinators , as part of a tightening of the dress code in Royal Ascot 's Royal Enclosure . [ 17 ] In previous years female racegoers were simply advised that `` many ladies wear hats . `` [ 18 ]
Hatinator [ edit ]
The term hatinator , which emerged in the early 2010s , is used to describe headgear that combines the features of a hat and a fascinator . [ 19 ] The hatinator is fastened on the head with a band like a fascinator , but has the appearance of a hat , while a fascinator is much smaller and normally does not go over the sides of the head . The particular style of headgear favoured by Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , is sometimes described as a hatinator . [ 20 ]
Gallery [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Fascinators at Wikimedia Commons
The Indian government will reportedly ask all its employees to stop using Gmail for communication purposes to increase the security of confidential government information , amid revelations by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden on cyberspying by the U.S .
The Times of India reported on Friday , citing a senior official in the ministry of communications and information technology , that the government plans to send a formal notification to about 500,000 employees , banning them from e-mail service providers such as Gmail , which have their servers in the U.S .
The employees would instead have to use official e-mail services by India 's National Informatics Center ( NIC ) , J. Satyanarayana , secretary in the department of electronics and information technology , said in the report .
`` Gmail data of Indian users resides in other countries as the servers are located outside . Currently , we are looking to address this in the government domain , where there are large amounts of critical data , '' Satyanarayana said .
However , a spokesperson from Google India said the company has not been informed about the ban , and can not confirm on speculation . `` Nothing is documented so far , so for us , it is still speculation , '' the search giant said .
The move comes after slides leaked from an NSA presentation in mid-June , revealing a program called PRISM , which allegedly sifted user data from U.S . Web companies , and raised concerns of a close relationship between those companies and the NSA , though both sides have denied the claims .
This also raised concerns among Asian governments whose e-mails may also be vulnerable to PRISM as some officials used e-mail services run by Yahoo or Gmail as their ministries lacked proper IT infrastructure or due to personal preferences .
Last week , India 's IT minister Kapil Sibal unveiled a policy which requires all government officials living abroad to use NIC servers directly linked to a server in India , while accessing government e-mail services , according to a separate report on The Times of India . Sibal however , said there has not been evidence of the U.S. accessing Internet data from India .
A podcast about pregnancy and drug use , Native people and tribal sovereignty . It 's a story nobody has told beyond a small community , but one everybody needs to hear .
Governor Mitch Daniels is signaling his willingness to potentially be considered as a GOP candidate for higher office in 2012 by rejecting his own proclaimed “ social issues truce ” and signing a bill that will deny the state $ 4 million in health care funds for lower income residents . The Indiana Republican claims the cut off is necessary to stop funding abortions , but many of the clinics being effected do n't even perform the procedure .
The Journal Gazette writes :
A bill approved by the legislature that would eliminate funds for Planned Parenthood in Indiana would affect services provided by the group 's clinics and programs .
In northeast Indiana , Planned Parenthood served more than 5,300 patients last year – and performed zero abortions .
Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE
…
Planned Parenthood has clinics in Elkhart and Fort Wayne , both of which see patients from surrounding counties as well .
Neither provides abortion services . Most years , those clinics combined provide more than 4,000 pap smears for area women – of which about one in 10 are severely abnormal , according to the organization .
A more urban area such as Fort Wayne may be able to provide low-cost alternatives to those screenings , [ Betty Cockrum , Planned Parenthood of Indiana president and CEO , ] said , but some women may forgo them altogether .
The majority of the patients served at the Fort Wayne and Elkhart clinics are women , and the majority are in poverty , according to the organization .
Anders Behring Breivik posted links to the Atlas Shrugs website of the Tea Party 's Pamela Geller . Here you can see him under the name of Anders Behring ( his middle name ) posting links to Geller 's “ Atlas Shrugs ” site . That cache page is bing translated from Norwegian .
Here is a video of Pamela Geller addressing the Tennessee Tea Party convention . This is a list of links I just copied off her Atlas shrugs website to a stream of virulent anti Norwegian-Muslim articles Geller has been publishing :
January 2009 : NORWAY : Jewish children are not allowed to play outdoors –
April 2011 : Norway : Muslim Taxidrivers Refuse to Drive Jews to Synagogue
May 2009 : More Jewish Graves Desecrated in Norway
2009 : OSLO : ANTI-ISRAEL RALLY TURNS VIOLENT
2011 : Norway : ALL Rapes In Past 5 Years Committed By Muslims
2008 : Jewish Genocide watch : Jew Hatred in Norway Part II
2009 : JIHAD ON THE JEWS : Something rotten in the state of Norway
2008 : ISLAM ATTACKS – Death for Writer ! Norway Hides
2007 : Massive Islamic Terror Plots : Germany , Norway , Denmark
2007 : Email from Norway
2006 : Norway calls for Israel Boycott
The links themselves appear to have been disabled . You could still see the links on Atlas Shrugs here as I type this . Someone more technically proficient than me might want to grab a screenshot before the list vanishes .
Geller has been actively promoting links between the Tea Party and the English Defence League . Geller states on her website that she had been in Oslo to attend a pro-Israel rally . It would be interesting to know whether Anders Behring-Breivik was also on that rally .
We are told that Behring Breivik acted alone . In truth he had ideological and communication links with organised far right networks every bit as solid as the comparable connections of Islamic terrorists .
LOS ANGELES — Seth MacFarlane has been laying low . Well , by Seth MacFarlane standards , anyway .
And that was probably a good call , after A Million Ways to Die in the West ( which got a generous 33 % on Rotten Tomatoes ) , Ted 2 ( a merciful 42 % ) and the 2013 Oscars hosting gig ( in which he probably dodged a few rotten tomatoes , or should 've ) .
But listen , when you 're the writer/producer/comedian/animator/actor/song-and-dance-man who created and did voices for Family Guy and American Dad ! and The Cleveland Show and made a bunch of movies and once dated the Mother of Dragons , you ca n't sit still for long .
In fact , you 're not laying low at all — you 're gearing up for something big .
And so he was : MacFarlane will executive produce and star in an untitled , hour-long `` comedic drama '' set 300 years in the future aboard the Orville , a `` a not-so-top-of-the-line exploratory ship in Earth 's interstellar Fleet , '' Fox announced Wednesday .
A linear primetime TV sci-fi dramedy starring Seth MacFarlane . That 's about as high-risk , high reward a proposition as we 're gon na get from the networks these days .
Fox has ordered up 13 episodes of the show for its 2017-2018 season . More from the logline :
Facing cosmic challenges from without and within , this motley crew of space explorers will boldly go where no comedic drama has gone before .
Well , except maybe Firefly . ( Or if this reads more Galaxy Quest to you , never fear — plans for a TV revival were put on hold after the death of original cast member Alan Rickman . )
Anyway , MacFarlane 's years-long relationship with Fox has surely earned him the right to more than a little creative freedom , so ... why not a space comedy ? Why should we crush MacFarlane 's childhood dreams ?
`` I 've wanted to do something like this show ever since I was a kid , and the timing finally feels right , '' he said . `` 20th and Fox have been good to me for many years ... I think this is gon na be something special . ''
And finally , in case you 're worried that MacFarlane , he of `` We saw your boobs '' infamy , ca n't be serious enough to hold up the `` sci '' in sci-fi , remember this : He was the creator/executive producer of the Emmy-winning Cosmos : A Spacetime Odyssey , the one hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson .
Because honestly , the guy needed a hobby .
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
`` With the market having mapped out an October price-gain trajectory that would make NASA proud , investors are wondering if this surge will steal from the traditional strength exhibited during the final two months of the year , '' Stovell said in a note to clients Monday . `` Well if history is any guide , for it 's never gospel , a strong performance in October typically has resulted in a substandard performance for the final two months of the year . ''
Read More This market bear thinks stocks could make new high
While the calendar says Halloween has not hit yet , this is around the time of the year when investors start wondering whether a so-called Santa Claus rally is in the cards . The term specifically refers to the trading period between Christmas and New Year 's though it sometimes gets lumped in with December 's market in general .
The October rally does not bode terribly well for a holly , jolly holiday season .
Stovall pointed out that an October rally in excess of 7 percent in itself is a rarity , occurring just five times since World War II . The typical market performance for the rest of the year was a 1.9 percent gain , compared to the usual 3 percent rise in November and December the other 70 times .
Read MoreThe news keeps getting worse for hedge funds
Moreover , average market performance for the final two months has been better when October has been down , with positive Octobers leading to 2.3 percent gains the rest of the way and losses during the month historically generating an average S & P 500 rise of 3.4 percent .
`` In other words , Santa has found that a lump of coal in his trick-or-treat bag increased the odds of [ a ] pleasant surprise in his holiday stocking , '' Stovall said .
The word 's long since gotten out that Gilbert Melendez got a sweet deal to stay with the UFC .
But the former longtime Strikeforce champion had a message for those he thinks it may have gotten to his head .
`` Everyone thinks I 'm this millionaire or something now , '' Melendez said on Monday 's edition of The MMA Hour . `` But that 's not the case . ''
Maybe not , but Melendez sent a jolt of electricity through the MMA world by the way he handled his contract negotiations . Melendez got an offer from Bellator , then received a lucrative counter-offer from the UFC to remain with the company , opening other top fighters ' eyes to the notion that there could be a true free market situation for fighters between MMA 's top two companies .
`` People were encouraging me , '' Melendez said of other fighters who took time to reach out to him . `` I know they were happy for me , their own experiences , my intentions were n't to try to start start anything , I 'm glad everyone was behind me , everyone does what they have to do , but my goal was n't to start any sort of commotion , this was standard business . ''
For Melendez , although he said nothing about it in public at the time , step one toward securing his new deal was his UFC 166 brawl against Diego Sanchez , which finished high on most fight of the year lists . Sanchez admitted his approach to the bout was similar to that of a baseball player entering his `` contract year '' during his prime .
`` They 're like contract years , you know , '' Melendez said . `` You better deliver when you 're on your contract year and that definitely was on my mind , you know , in that third round and during that fight and I had to win and I had to deliver and prove my worth . That was my goal in that fight . ''
Melendez , who was represented by Rodolphe Beaulieu of Creative Artists Agency , who also manages former welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre , pretty much fell off the grid at that point . Other than a prematurely announced bout with Khabib Nurmagomedov ( `` Let 's just call it a miscommunication at the time , '' Melendez said ) , Melendez stayed out of the headlines until the swift period of events in which Dana White told Melendez to look elsewhere , and he signed a deal with Bellator .
`` I do n't know how things work all the time , '' Melendez said of his team 's approach to contract negotiations , `` but I do n't think some of that stuff needs to be public , that was for me to talk about with my management team and for me to talk to the UFC and all that
`` I knew the way we were going to approach it , '' he continued . `` I did n't think it needed to be out there or any controversy behind it , I just did n't want any outside influence . It 's always a delicate situation , and handled delicately , sometimes under the radar is the way to do it . ''
A personal chat with UFC CEO Lorenzo Fertitta after the Bellator offer came in was the turning point in the deal .
`` Lorenzo did hop on the phone and expressed passion for sport and how much he wanted me to be part of it , '' Melendez said . `` I really appreciate that . The things he said on the phone , it 's business of course , but ultimately he has a real passion for the sport , and of course , my passion for the sport as well , you try to put your emotions aside during this transition and this business deal , but emotions did come out a little bit , but I did appreciate his passion for the sport . It was a turning point , I like what he said , he made me feel good , he made me feel welcome there . ''
Under the terms of the deal , Melendez will coach on the 20th season of The Ultimate Fighter opposite the current lightweight champion , Anthony Pettis . The two will meet in the traditional coaches fight , with the title on the line , sometime late in the year .
If there 's any one mild downer to the whole scenario , it 's that the world 's top two lightweights will end up out of action for over a year : Pettis has been out with a knee injury since winning the belt from Ben Henderson on Aug. 31 ; Melendez 's last fight was his memorable brawl against Sanchez .
Even then , though , `` El Niño '' is looking at the upside .
`` I 've been there before , '' Melendez said . `` I took a year off . I 'm older in this sport , I get banged up here and there . I 've done it before , taken a year off and come back , I 'm okay with it , and also , what I 'm okay with is Anthony Pettis will be out longer and is also come back from an injury . That makes a little bit easier . I 'd like to fight a little bit sooner , but it 's the way it worked out , I 'm going straight into a title fight . ''
A British man said by Islamic State to have detonated a suicide bomb attacking Iraqi forces in Mosul is former Guantanamo Bay detainee Ronald Fiddler , Sky sources have said .
IS named the bomber as Abu Zakariya al Britani , and claimed the vehicle he was in had exploded in Tal Kisum village , south of Mosul .
The `` al Britani '' name is often used by the extremist group to indicate a fighter 's British background .
Ronald Fiddler , 50 , was one of five Britons released in 2004 after being held at America 's Guantanamo Bay detention centre , in Cuba , for more than two years .
It has been reported that he was given up to £1m compensation by Tony Blair 's government after he was freed , however the former prime minister has denied the claim .
In a statement on his website , Mr Blair says that although the lobbying to free British detainees from Guantanamo Bay took place under his government , the compensation was paid out under the Conservative-led coalition government in 2010 .
Image : Jamal al Harith leaves RAF Northolt after arriving in the UK from Guantanamo Bay in 2004
His response was prompted by a front page Daily Mail story which singled out `` intense lobbying '' from Mr Blair 's government on behalf of the Guantanamo detainees .
Mr Blair roundly criticises what he calls the `` utter hypocrisy '' of the paper , pointing to the fact the Daily Mail itself had led a campaign calling for the Manchester-born jihadi 's release .
Also defending Labour 's actions , former foreign secretary Jack Straw told Sky News : `` We had to make the best decisions at the time that we could , and I think we did . ''
On the issue of compensation , he said : `` This was settled not by us but by Ken Clarke , my successor as justice secretary . It could well have been that we would have made the same decision , but just for the record it was a Conservative government . ''
By the time he was awarded the compensation , Fiddler had changed his name to Jamal al Harith .
: : Ronald Fiddler : British-born model turned jihadi
He was thought to have been captured by US forces in 2002 while he was being held in Kandahar jail in Afghanistan .
Originally the Muslim convert was from the Moss Side area of Manchester and was the father of five children .
Details of the suicide attack in which he is said by IS to have died were released in a statement reported by the SITE Intelligence Group .
Forces from the Hashed al Shaabi ( Popular Mobilisation ) , a paramilitary umbrella group dominated by Shia militias backed by Tehran , are active in the area mentioned in the statement .
Image : The five freed Guantanamo captives arriving at RAF Northolt
They are fighting alongside other Iraqi forces , including the army and the federal police , as part of a push that started on Sunday to retake the west bank of Mosul .
According to figures published by the British Government last year , around 850 individuals of national security concern have travelled to fight in Iraq and Syria .
: : Britons who have died fighting for IS
Of those , just under half have returned to the UK and approximately 15 % are dead .
A Foreign Office spokesman said : `` The UK has advised for some time against all travel to Syria , and against all travel to large parts of Iraq .
`` As all UK consular services are suspended in Syria and greatly limited in Iraq , it is extremely difficult to confirm the whereabouts and status of British nationals in these areas . ''
A Chicago police officer and the convicted felon he is alleged to have coerced and bribed into giving false testimony are the heart of Armando Serrano 's bid for freedom , according to a Northwestern University Law School attorney and a journalism professor trying to win him a new trial .
That allegation has been obscured by the recent publicity surrounding the Northwestern University journalism students who have worked on Serrano 's case . Serrano , 38 , has spent nearly two decades in prison for murder .
Last month , Cook County prosecutors asked a judge to allow them to subpoena records compiled by students with the Medill Innocence Project , arguing that they are entitled to a full accounting of the work that led to the recantation of Francisco Vicente , the state 's key witness at Serrano 's 1994 trial .
They contend that what few documents they have received raise questions about whether project director David Protess ' students or a private detective who works with them promised benefits to Vicente in exchange for recanting .
Protess said he believes the request for subpoenas is designed to divert attention from Vicente and the story he tells about former Chicago police Officer Reynaldo Guevara .
`` He would do whatever was necessary to take people he believed were criminals off the street , '' Protess said . `` It 's clear that there was a pattern and practice by Area 5 police officers to recruit snitches to falsely testify against innocent men , and Ray Guevara was at the heart of it . ''
Serrano and two other men — Jose Montanez and Jorge Pacheco — were convicted in separate bench trials before Circuit Judge Michael Bolan of killing Rodrigo Vargas in 1993 as he left his Humboldt Park apartment for work .
Montanez is also seeking a new trial , largely based on the same evidence gathered by the Medill students , while Pacheco was acquitted after Bolan reversed his decision in that case .
In a trial with no eyewitnesses or confession from Serrano , the state relied heavily on the testimony of Vicente , who was himself facing lengthy prison sentences if convicted in a string of armed robberies .
Vicente testified that he met with Serrano and the others after the slaying and they admitted they shot the man during a robbery .
In return , he received special treatment from prosecutors , and was sentenced to just 9 years in prison .
But in May 2004 , following a series of interviews with students from the Medill Innocence Project , Vicente signed an affidavit stating he agreed to falsely testify that Serrano and the others confessed to him only after Guevara fed him the story while hitting and poking him in the head .
`` My false testimony was given as a result of threats , intimidation and physical abuse by Det . Reynaldo Guevara , '' Vicente said in the affidavit , which was filed as an exhibit in Serrano 's petition for a new trial .
Vicente 's affidavit is accompanied by dozens of alleged incidents in which Guevara intimidated or coerced suspects and witnesses in order to build his cases .
Serrano 's petition alleges that between 1983 and 1998 , Guevara beat suspects into confessions , falsely translated statements of Spanish-speaking suspects during interviews with prosecutors , beat and threatened witnesses with criminal charges if they did not say what he wanted them to say and improperly fed information to victims and witnesses in order to get them to identify suspects he was investigating .
`` When you have dozens of other people describing the kind of criminal conduct Guevara was engaged in , it lends support and credibility to the witness in our case , '' said Serrano 's attorney , Jeffrey Urdangen , of the law school 's Center on Wrongful Convictions .
He said testimony about Guevara could `` open the floodgates of exposing wrongful convictions and ultimately lead to civil litigation for monetary damages . This is a nightmare situation for the state 's attorney 's office . ''
Last year a federal jury awarded $ 21 million to Juan Johnson — the largest judgment ever against the city of Chicago — after finding Guevara intimidated and threatened witnesses in order to get them to testify against Johnson , who spent more than 11 years in prison until he was acquitted in a 2004 retrial .
Guevara , now retired , has never been charged with any crime in the Serrano case or dozens of other incidents of alleged abuse outlined in Serrano 's petition . He could not be reached for comment , but his attorney , James Sotos , said many of the allegations in the Serrano case were also contained in Johnson 's lawsuit .
Sotos contends that gang leaders who Guevara pursued intimidated and threatened witnesses to get them to recant and blame the officer .
`` They tell them to say that Reynaldo Guevara , who was a gang crimes specialist , coerced them into making the original statements , '' said Sotos , who claims he has sworn statements from people who admitted they lied about Guevara 's misdeeds .
A spokeswoman for the state 's attorney 's office said the judge in Serrano 's case has already barred Urdangen from introducing testimony or sworn statements from the 34 of Guevara 's accusers , and that Urdangen later declined to call the remaining 10 as witnesses .
`` Mr. Urdangen has already stated on the record in court that he will not bring these witnesses to the court for the judge to assess their credibility and provide the state the opportunity for cross-examination , '' said Sally Daly . `` These facts underscore the flaws in the ridiculous allegations now being made by Urdangen and Protess . ''
Urdangen said his decision not to call the witnesses does not mean he now doubts their credibility .
`` The law gives the judge discretion to accept statements under oath in place of live testimony in petitions for a new trial , and the judge has chosen to allow that here , '' he said . `` I have no concerns about the veracity of these witnesses . ''
mwalberg @ tribune.com
A majority of Britons support a ban on burqas being worn in public , while almost half say the burkini should be prohibited from the nation 's beaches , a poll has found .
According to the YouGov survey , 46 percent of adults would support a ban on the burkini – swimwear which covers the whole body except for the hands , face and feet . Thirty percent thought it should remain legal .
Read more
The findings follow a controversial ban on the burkini in France , which has seen armed police forcing Muslim women to remove their full-body bathing suits .
Despite the country 's highest administrative court overturning the ban on the Islamic swimwear on Friday , local mayors have vowed to defy the ruling .
The British government said last week it would not introduce its own ban on the swimsuit , saying it “ sees no need ” to dictate how people dress .
A spokesperson for the Government Equalities Office said : “ The government sees no need for measures restricting what people can wear in public places .
“ We support the rights of individuals in keeping with Britain 's tradition of freedom and fairness . ”
However , a separate question asked by YouGov found that 57 percent of respondents in the UK support banning the burqa in public places , while 25 percent are against outlawing it .
The only age group to oppose a full-body veil ban was 18- to 24-year-olds . All others were in favor , with the oldest group , 65 + , backing the prohibition by an overwhelming 78 percent to 12 percent .
A majority of Conservative and UKIP voters backed the burqa ban , with 66 percent and 84 percent respectively . Fewer than half of Labour ( 48 percent ) and Liberal Democrat ( 42 percent ) voters supported such a move .
A number of European countries have legislated to restrict symbols associated with the Islamic faith .
In 2009 , the Swiss public voted in a referendum to ban the construction of Islamic mosques with minarets .
In 2010 , France was the first European country to ban full-face coverings , including the burqa . France has also separately banned headscarves that do not cover a person 's face in state schools on secularist grounds .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said he wants the ban extended to universities .
A ban has been imposed elsewhere in Europe , with Switzerland becoming the latest country to crack down on the clothing last month .
Monday , Feb. 22 , is Frédéric Chopin 's 200th birthday . That is , it 's Fryderyk Chopin 's birthday ; the Polish-born , Paris-dwelling composer 's name is more commonly spelled these days with Ys . And that 's his birth date according to a baptismal certificate ; the composer said he was born on March 1 . Even 200 years after his birth , things that appear simple about Chopin are actually more complicated than they seem .
Including , and above all , his music . Chopin 's piano pieces -- all of his pieces involve the piano : no symphonies or operas here -- are lyrical and lovely , poetic and , therefore , seen as accessible . Yet they can also be harmonically intricate , technically challenging .
His 24 Op . 10 and Op . 25 Etudes , far from being simple `` studies '' for students , are so difficult that the great pianist and Chopin specialist Artur Rubinstein avoided playing some of them . And they can be elliptical to the point of impenetrability ( take the final movement of the Second Sonata : a whirling cloud of sound less than two minutes long ) . Taken together , Chopin 's pieces represent a towering hurdle , the benchmark against which a classical pianist is measured -- in part because of the difficulty of finding a way to plumb the music 's depths while sounding simple .
* * *
`` Proper '' Chopin style is at once a seal of approval and the subject of endless debate . It involves lightness and clarity of touch , something evinced by one of the latest crop of Chopinistes , Rafal Blechacz , in his new CD of two rather conventional piano concertos . It requires a singing legato : the illusion that the pianist is creating an unbroken line of sound , like a human voice . This is particularly true in the Nocturnes , which are incessantly compared to the operas of Chopin 's friend Vincenzo Bellini .
But Chopin style can also evoke the kind of stormy outbursts the young Martha Argerich gives in her just-released CD , a collection of previously unreleased radio recordings from 1959 and 1967 .
Most important , and most elusive , Chopin style involves rubato -- changing tempo or rhythm for expressive purposes . The question of rubato dogs Chopin performance . The composer was said to be quite free as a pianist , but it 's not clear what this meant : There are indications that he kept a fairly steady left-hand beat at all times .
Still , generations of performers , following the misguided notion that a piece of music is a canvas upon which they are to express themselves , take Chopin 's advocacy of rubato as license to slow down and speed up almost at will . Hearing a lot of Chopin -- even in some cases very good Chopin -- can leave me seasick from listening to too many phrases being stretched out as if going slowly uphill , then tumbling helter-skelter down again .
Chopin 's music has sometimes been branded effeminate , or `` salon music '' : not quite serious , not quite healthy , not quite German , since it departs from the structural conventions of the great Viennese classical school . Even the two powerful sonatas are unconventional , playing fast and loose with the structural conventions upheld by Mozart and Beethoven .
Indeed , some of Chopin 's ardent defenders have implicitly bought into the idea that the music is weak and needs defending , trying to emphasize its seriousness ( and manliness ) by playing the works in sets -- all 24 preludes , or the 24 etudes of Op . 10 and 25 -- and thus casting them as long , weighty pieces rather than salon entertainments measuring three or four minutes long .
* * *
The view of the work as fragile and sickly is also linked to the pervasive idea of Chopin as a prototypical Romantic genius : pale and dapper , doomed to a tragically short life ( he had tuberculosis ) , needing the care of a strong mother figure ( his lover , best known by her literary pseudonym , George Sand ) , receiving the divine flash of inspiration at the keyboard ( though a brilliant improviser , he labored over his compositions ) .
The Telecommunications Carriers Forum ( TCF ) which represents ISPs and telecoms companies in New Zealand has drafted a code of practice which outlines the manner in which the new Section 92 `` 3 Strikes '' regime should be handled by its members . It aims to dampen the many fears of Internet users .
Scheduled for introduction at the end of February 2009 , Section 92 of the Copyright Amendment Act 2008 is causing concern for many in New Zealand , with the threat of Internet disconnection for those accused of sharing copyright works looming large . The Telecommunications Carriers ' Forum ( TCF ) has declared that its members believe that Section 92 “ is seriously flawed ” but nevertheless has just released a draft of its ISP Copyright Code of Practice for public consultation .
“ The Copyright Act was amended in 2008 to include s92A which requires Internet Service Providers to have a policy to terminate the accounts of repeat copyright infringers in appropriate circumstances , ” said TCF CEO Ralph Chivers . “ This Draft Code is intended to be a template policy for ISPs , to assist them in meeting their obligations under the Act . ”
The draft has been created by a group of New Zealand 's largest ISPs , the Internet Service Providers Association of New Zealand ( ISPANZ ) and Internet NZ , with input from the entertainment industries . It puts some much-needed ‘ meat-on-the-bones ' of how allegations of infringement under Section 92 could be handled in practice , along with clarification of what would constitute someone being labeled as a “ repeat infringer ” for example .
This is how TCF propose that part of the system will work . First off , a copyright holder would identify an infringement and notify the ISP of the infringing customer immediately . The ISP would check to ensure that the complaint meets the standards required by the draft code and ensure that the evidence provided would be of such a quality that it would stand up in court . If it does not meet the standards , it will be returned to the copyright holder . If it is discovered that the copyright holder has n't already been ‘ pre-approved ' to participate in the scheme , they are given the opportunity to join by paying a fee . The claim is then processed .
At this point the ISP checks to see if the customer has already been complained about . If they have received less than two complaints already , they receive what is known as an ‘ Education Notice ' . If they have received two of such notices , the ISP well then active the ‘ Termination Process ' . In either event , the copyright holder is notified of the action taken .
The definition of a ‘ Repeat Infringer ' ( and one who will be disconnected ) is an Internet user who has received three Education Notices in any given 18-month period . Education Notices expire 18 months after being issued , effectively giving the user a clean sheet again .
There are also systems proposed for dealing with the actual termination of a customer 's ISP account , with provisions for taking extra caution over so-called ‘ Vulnerable Customers ' ( someone “ who for reasons of health , disability or safety , or that of a member of their household , is reliant on their Internet Account ” ) and ‘ Essential Service Providers ' ( a “ person who requires their Internet Account in order to deliver an essential service referred to in Part A of Schedule 1 of the Employment Relations Act 2000 “ )
Customers accused of infringement will also have the right to dispute the allegations made against them and the draft details the procedure clearly .
The draft Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) Copyright Code of Practice is available for viewing here . Submissions to the draft should be emailed to [ email protected ] or posted to : Telecommunications Carriers ' Forum , PO Box 302469 , North Harbour , Auckland .
The closing date for submissions is 5pm , Friday 6th March 2009 .
Another week in Washington , another budget face-off between Democrats and Republicans over whether to employ spending cuts or tax rises to fix America 's finances , or as it turned out , do neither .
After the New Year 's Eve nail-biter `` Fiscal Cliff '' , starring Joe Biden in the role of last-minute man to the rescue , last week came the sequel - `` Episode II : The Sequester '' which ( spoiler alert ) is to be followed before March is out by a third , more deadly instalment : `` Continuing Resolution – the final countdown '' .
Even by the standards of Washington 's broken politics , this latest battle over the so-called `` sequester '' - $ 85bn in mandatory budget cuts this year on defence , education and federal agencies like air traffic control , totalling £1.2 trillion over a decade – has worn an air of unreality .
While Barack Obama has been touring the country 's schools and shipyards warning of a perfect storm of `` brutal '' cuts that will take a `` meat cleaver '' to America 's dreams of a prosperous future , the rest of the country has reacted with a collective `` meh '' .
Unlike with the `` fiscal cliff '' , the stock-markets are sanguine , business leaders are not warning of a confidence crisis and the public – according to a Pew poll last week – are so exhausted with Congress that fewer than one in four say they are paying the sequester any attention at all , down from the one in three who followed the fiscal cliff drama in December .
Even the cable news stations – which love nothing more than a Congressional catfight to fill the airwaves – have shared in the ennui , devoting far more time to the absurd allegation by Bob Woodward , the journalist who bought down Richard Nixon , that he had been threatened by the White House .
Indeed the lack of interest over the sequester – a set of budget cuts that were devised in 2011 to be so unthinkable that Republicans and Democrats would be forced to strike a deal - has extended even to Congress , which shown little or no interest in seeking a new agreement .
There have been no last-minute negotiations , no Joe Biden heroics , only the fatalistic acceptance that since neither party can agree on anything , there was little promise in even pretending there would be a resolution .
That nonchalance is born of the fact that , despite what Mr Obama has been saying , the sequester is not the end of the world as we know it .
The cuts , even if enforced in full , will be painful in some areas but they will knock at most half a percentage point off America 's GDP , and be phased in over time . Some federal workers will have to take enforced unpaid days off , but even this measure is limited .
So this is not comparable to 1995 when the entire federal government shut down and Bill Clinton ultimately faced down Newt Gingrich 's Republicans .
`` Put down the Beltway Kool-Aid , because they are predicting a disaster that will not occur , '' was how John Cornyn , the number two Republican in the Senate , disparaged Mr Obama 's doom-laden predictions this week .
The politicians will also have another chance to find fixes to the sequester later this month when they pass the next `` continuing resolution '' or stop-gap spending plan , which is what has passed for a Federal Budget in the last few years .
So does any of this matter ? Sadly it does . The lack of concerted action should not be taken as a source of comfort but as another warning sign of just how dismal and intractable America 's budget woes really are . The sequester was supposed to put a gun to everyone 's head , but as it turned out , it was firing blanks .
Republicans have had to swallow defence cuts , but they also won cuts to federal spending and crucially have avoided having to agree to any new taxes .
Democrats are happy to see defence spending take a hit , and while there is limited trimming of social spending , they also get to avoid making any serious concessions on entitlement spending . What we are left with is continuing irresolution .
Both sides are happy to do nothing .
For his part , Mr Obama 's strategy has been to take to his bully pulpit . The idea all along has been to let the sequester take effect and then blame the Republicans for their intransigent refusal to countenance tax increases .
But that game would be more effective if the sequester cuts were really actually going to produce the visible effects and public outcry that Mr Obama has been threatening – the analysts say they wo n't - and more importantly , if the president had first actually put a serious offer on spending and entitlement reform on the table .
As Thomas Friedman put it in the New York Times , Mr Obama needed to `` lead with his chin '' , to show that he was prepared to take on his own base over the real fiscal crisis in America , which is how to pay for all those baby-boomers as they get older . Then he really would have been in a position to call out the Right .
But as it is rapidly becoming clear , Mr Obama is n't really a leader .
Alas , he 's no Clinton , no Reagan , just a political street-fighter hoping to score a few quick jabs before he moves on .
As Barry Black , the Senate chaplain , observed on Thursday as he opened the senate session where both sides ' sequester fixes were pre-destined to fail : `` Rise up , o God , and save us from ourselves . ''
Campaigners are planning to march across England this summer , following in the footsteps of the historic Jarrow marchers , this time in defence of the NHS .
The march , initiated by women in Darlington who go by the Twitter hashtag ‘ # darlomums ' , has seen more than 500 people register so far to walk anything from a short stretch to the whole route .
Joanna Adams , one of the organisers , says : “ At a time when armchair activism is the norm , emails are flooding in with offers to help organise , and to walk one or more of the legs of the route . The route is split up into sections of 10-15 miles making it easy for groups to join in . ”
The march will leave Jarrow on 16 August and stop over in towns and cities along the 300 mile route . It plans to reach parliament in London on 6 September .
Left Unity fully supports this initiative and all campaigns to defend our NHS .
For more information go to 999callfornhs.org.uk and follow @ 999CallforNHS on Twitter .
Two years ago my younger sister and her boyfriend went on their first backpacking trip together—a weekend-long summer outing in New Hampshire 's White Mountains . Based on our shared genealogy , she apparently assumed she 'd been blessed with comparable backpacking wisdom as her older brother , so she borrowed some equipment I 'd left in my parent 's basement and drove to Pinkham Notch . Like many Trips Gone Bad , she and her fiancé can tell great stories from that experience , including how they tried to keep themselves dry underneath a tarp during a nighttime downpour without having poles or guylines , which they did n't realize they needed until they arrived at their camp .
A tarp was a poor choice for them—like many pieces of lightweight equipment , it requires a level of skill to properly use , and they did n't have the know-how . In this post I discuss nine skills you can learn in order to safely carry less and lighter gear on your next trip :
1 . Assess your true needs
Where , when and for how long you are going is the primary determinant of the conditions you will encounter : temperatures , precipitation , sun exposure , water availability , snow coverage , hours of daylight , bugs , wildlife , and remoteness .
If you know the conditions you can realistically expect , you can pack accordingly . Uninformed backpackers justify poor gear choices on the grounds of unfounded “ What if… ” and “ Just in case… ” scenarios .
2 . Select a good campsite
I avoid established campsites whenever possible . Instead I look for a virgin site that :
Has a soft bed of natural materials , e.g . pine needles , leaves , moss , tundra ;
Is not in the very bottom of a drainage , where the air will be colder and more humid , and where the bugs will be more intense ; and ,
Is not near a wildlife travel corridor .
By selecting this type of campsite , I can take a thinner sleeping pad , a lighter sleeping bag and less bug protection , and less robust food protection ( e.g . odorproof sacks instead of a bear canister ) .
3 . Minimize food weight
As a long-distance hiker with a ravenous appetite , I love coming up on overloaded backpackers who are delighted to give me some of their extra food . But for your own sake , please do n't feed the thru-hikers ! I recommend 3,000 calories per person per day ; this equates to about 1.5 pounds , assuming a caloric density of 125 calories/ounce . Some backpackers need more and others need less , but this is a good starting point .
To minimize the weight of these 3,000 calories , eat fatty foods ( e.g . chocolate , nuts , peanut butter , cheese , Fritos , and cookies ) , since fat is 2.4 times as calorically dense as carbs or protein or a given weight , i.e . 240 calories per ounce versus 100 .
4 . Minimize water weight
In arid environments , water is sometimes worth its weight in gold . Unfortunately it is almost as heavy—it weighs 2 pounds per quart—so do n't carry more than you need . How much do you need ?
Determine the distance to your next water source and the time it will take you to reach it . Recall how much water you have needed in the past for similar stretches .
For example , if it will take me 3 hours to reach the next water source 6 miles away , and I 've been needing 1 liter every 2 hours , then I will need to carry 1.5 liters with me .
5 . Keep down insulation dry , and know when to use it
I generally prefer goose down instead of synthetic insulation—it 's warmer for its weight and more compressible , and it has a longer lifespan . While synthetics are not “ warm when wet ” like they are sometimes marketed ( no outdoor gear is warm when wet , sorry ) , down is more adversely affected by moisture .
It is easy to protect down against rain and river fords—simply line your pack with a plastic trash compactor bag . ( Avoid pack covers , which do n't work , and waterproof stuff sacks , which wear out and are expensive . )
Protecting down against ambient humidity is more challenging . You can use a shelter that has good airflow ( e.g . a tarp instead of a stuffy tent ) and dry it regularly in the sun or near a fire , but in consistently wet environments like the East and Alaska synthetics are probably a better choice .
6 . Use map and compass
People often seem shocked that I do n't carry a GPS , relying instead on old-school paper maps and ( sometimes ) a $ 12 baseplate compass . I 'm equally shocked that GPS units are so popular . A GPS might tell me exactly where I am , but I can do the same thing by tracking my progress on my maps . And a GPS might tell me the direction and distance to my next waypoint , but I can use my map to figure this out too—and , more importantly , with the map I can identify a route that will avoid thick brush , canyons , extra elevation gain and loss , unpassable passes , and steep side-hilling . A GPS may take me across all of that .
7 . Make an alcohol stove
My Fancy Feast Alcohol Stove weighs just .3 oz ( 10 grams ) ; it has no moving parts ; it will never clog ; if I step on it , I can bend it back into place and keep using it ; and it costs just $ 1.50 to make— $ .50 for the can and $ 1.00 for the hole punch ( grab a plastic bottle from the recycling bin for fuel storage ) . Alcohol stoves are best for 1-2 people since they do not produce the heat of a canister stove , which is my preferred setup for group and/or winter use , with some exceptions . To use this stove successfully , you will need a windscreen made from aluminum foil and a wide-and-short pot , which is more fuel-efficient than a tall-and-skinny one .
8 . Be realistic about in-the-field first aid
There are two categories of first aid situations :
Field treatable , e.g . blisters , headaches , mild diarrhea , small cuts , and anaphylaxis ; and , Not field treatable , e.g . broken bones , HAPE and HACE , anad cardiac arrest .
My first aid kit is designed only to treat the former . I carry ibuprofen and loperamide , Luekotape and duct tape , Krazy Glue , Hydropel , and callus cushions ( to take pressure off blisters ) , among a few other items .
In the very unlikely event something more serious happens , I get resourceful with what I have ( closed cell foam pad , guylines , extra clothing , pen knife , etc . ) and make a call for help with my SPOT or satellite phone . Even if I carried 50 pounds of medical equipment and was a certified EMT , I 'm still not equipped to treat serious medical problems in the field over the long-term .
9 . Pitch a tarp
I love tarps : they are ultralight and versatile , and they are less prone to condensation build-up because they have better airflow than conventional double-wall tents or tarptents . I use tarps year-round , even last winter during the Alaska-Yukon Expedition when I was 30 miles north of the Arctic Circle . Tarps have two main drawbacks :
They do not offer full protection , and Pitching them is not foolproof .
For protection against groundwater and bugs , I compliment my tarp with a groundsheet , water-resistant bivy , or bug nest—making a “ modular tarp ” system . To achieve a taut pitch , I do the following : practice in my backyard before I go ; use two simple knots—the bowline and the trucker 's hitch ; and adjust the shelter 2-3 times after its initial pitch , to get it perfect .
10 . Now it 's your turn
What skills do you have that allow you to safely carry less ? What did you do before you developed these skills — Did you suffer or did you carry something differently ?
SEATTLE — A South Korean man convicted in March of facilitating the illegal entry of South Korean nationals into the U.S. was deported Monday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's ( ICE ) Enforcement and Removal Operations ( ERO ) .
Sung Hoon Ha , 30 , formerly of Tacoma , pleaded guilty in December 2013 to encouraging and inducing an alien to unlawfully enter the United States , following an investigation by ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations ( HSI ) , with the assistance of U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's Office of Border Patrol and Office of Field Operations . Ha was sentenced to 137 days ' time served and two years ' supervised release . He was turned over to ERO , placed into removal proceedings and held at the Northwest Detention Center until his deportation .
According to court documents , HSI intensified its investigation into Ha 's smuggling activities in 2013 . In March of last year , HSI special agents tailed two illegal aliens to the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport . Both had crossed into the U.S. illegally from Canada near Blaine . At the airport , HSI special agents watched as Ha met with the aliens and collected about $ 8,000 in smuggling fees . After Ha left the area , investigators detained and interviewed the smuggled illegal aliens , one of them told special agents she was bound for Texas to work in the commercial sex trade .
The investigation culminated with Ha 's August 2013 arrest in the parking lot of the Tulalip Casino in Marysville . He was there to collect his smuggling fee from a South Korean woman who he had helped smuggle into U.S . The woman was taken to the casino after she illegally crossed the border near Blaine . In the parking lot , she met up with Ha and both were arrested by HSI . Investigators later learned the South Korean woman had been previously deported and had a history of sex-work related crimes .
In fiscal year 2013 , ICE conducted 368,644 removals nationwide . Eighty-two percent of individuals removed from the interior of the United States had previously been convicted of a criminal offense .
ICE is focused on smart , effective immigration enforcement that targets serious criminal aliens who present the greatest risk to the security of our communities , such as those charged with or convicted of homicide , rape , robbery , kidnapping , major drug offenses and threats to national security . ICE also prioritizes the arrest and removal of those who game the immigration system including immigration fugitives or criminal aliens who have been previously deported and illegally re-entered the country .
The final product of the Detroit Lions ' first regular-season game in London was a resoundingly positive experience . The Lions mounted another odds-defying comeback and climbed to the top of the NFC North standings as they head into the bye week at the halfway point in the season .
However , both teams displayed terrible in-game awareness and made some awful choices that drastically hurt their chances of winning the game . The Lions were able to overcome those mistakes ; the Atlanta Falcons were n't so lucky .
One of the earliest coaching gaffes in this game came from the Lions ' sideline . Already down 14 points , the Lions faced a fourth-and-6 at the Falcons ' 37-yard line . If you do n't know this yet , please read up on it , because punting inside of the opponent 's 40-yard line is a sin that should immediately cost coaches their job . There is almost no justification to ever punt inside of the opponent 's 40-yard line . Down by 14 with a moderate 6 yards to go , the choice is pretty clear :
The field position battle that the Lions `` won '' only lasted a possession for each team before the Falcons extended their lead to 21 .
By going for it , not only are you giving yourself an opportunity to keep the ball away from the Falcons offense , which had been dominating the game , but you get a chance to earn some much-needed points from a struggling offense . Punting potentially saved the Lions 30 yards of field position , but they basically forfeited a good chance to come away with a score .
Early in the fourth quarter , the Lions ( down 11 ) faced a fourth-and-goal from the 2-yard line . Though a field goal technically made it a one-possession game , again the Lions seemed to forgo a big opportunity to pull within three or four points with plenty of time on the clock . Going for it obviously risks coming away with nothing , but the byproduct of that is forcing Atlanta to start deep in their own territory , a place on the field where Detroit 's defense has been dominant in the past .
These two errors , while annoying , are extremely common among NFL coaches . Whether it is their desire to appear safe and not put their jobs at risk or they really do n't know how to play the odds properly is unknown . But the mistakes made later on in the game were inexcusable at best and downright idiotic at worst .
First , let 's start with Atlanta . Their final possession started with 3:56 on the clock . A few first downs should have ended the game , even with the Lions having all three timeouts . After two quick first-down conversions , the Falcons had three downs to run clock and the Lions only had one timeout left with just two minutes remaining . If the Falcons ran the ball three times , this is how the math would have worked out ( approximately ) :
Play 1 : 5 seconds for the play , Lions timeout , 1:55 remaining
Play 2 : 5 seconds for the play , additional 40 seconds run off the clock , 1:10 remaining
Play 3 : 5 seconds for the play , additional 40 seconds run off the clock , 0:25 remaining
Add in the time it takes to punt and the Lions likely would have had the ball deep in their own territory with no more than 18 seconds left . Game over .
However , after running the ball on first down , the Falcons ran it again on second down , but Ndamukong Suh burst into the backfield and drew a holding penalty , stopping the clock . This saved the Lions 40 seconds . The play call was n't the biggest issue here , but the Falcons could have just as easily taken knees without the risk of a penalty .
Their biggest mistake came on third down , when they decided to pass the ball . Granted , the play call was a safe , easy throw to make , but all it took was a dropped pass and the Lions were awarded another 40 seconds that they had no business having . Atlanta 's worst-case scenario had they decided to run the ball , even with the penalty on second down , was Detroit having the ball back with under a minute and deep in their own zone . Instead , the Lions had 1:38 , which was more than enough time to get into field goal range .
And that 's when things got even weirder .
After two huge plays to Golden Tate and Theo Riddick ( # TheoRiddickHypeTrain ) , the Lions ' strategy went to hell . The Lions eventually arrived at the Falcons ' 31-yard line , where they spiked the ball on first down to stop the clock with 34 seconds remaining . Given the Lions ' trouble with kicking , you 'd think that they 'd continue to pass the ball to gain more yards , giving Matt Prater an easier kick while conserving time to get even closer . Instead , the Lions ran the ball on second down , essentially giving themselves one more play and putting the entire game on the leg of Prater . It would have been a 48-yard field goal , 4 yards longer than a kick he has already missed this season .
BUT THEN ATLANTA CALLED A TIMEOUT . I still have no justification for this move by Atlanta . If they were trying to conserve time for their own comeback , that was an extremely misguided attempt . It was Atlanta 's final timeout , so if the Lions wanted to make sure the Falcons did n't get the ball back , they could have ( and they did ) .
So after the timeout , the Lions faced a third down with 25 seconds left and no timeouts for either team . They then dialed up the dumbest play I have seen a professional coaching staff make , and I honestly do n't think I 'm exaggerating . They ran the ball up the middle , with no timeouts . No effort to gain any extra yards . No effort to conserve time . They ran the ball straight up the middle , meaning they would have to rush the field goal team onto the field in less than 20 seconds and kick the field goal with no time for Prater to prepare . Chances are extremely good that the Lions do n't get set up in time , or if they do , Prater is too hurried and shanks the kick .
The only justification I can make for this play call is that the coaching staff did not realize it was third down ( because they spiked on first down ) and were planning on spiking the ball with seconds left . Because it was fourth down , a spike obviously would have resulted in a turnover on downs . If that was actually what was going through the mind of Jim Caldwell , then that shows an alarming lack of awareness from him and everyone on the coaching staff . The Lions were fortunately bailed out by a defensive holding call that stopped the clock for them .
And to top it all off , after that entire fiasco , the Lions continued to run the ball , apparently satisfied with a 43 ( then 48 ) -yard field goal attempt to win the game . The holding penalty provided the Lions with a fresh set of downs to take some quick , safe passes to get chunks of yardage and give themselves a better field goal opportunity . But they quickly ran the clock down and put their entire fate on a kicker who was 2-for-4 going into the game . It was a risk that probably should have cost them the game , but a questionable delay of game penalty bailed them out again , and they eventually prevailed .
Clock-management issues are no stranger to Caldwell , and it was part of the reason I was very skeptical of his hire . Fortunately for the Lions , those issues laid dormant for the first seven weeks of the season . But Sunday 's game provided a glimpse into what could happen down the line , a Chekhov 's Clock Management , if you will . If the Lions do n't learn from this situation , it could cost them dearly down the road . They wo n't always get that second kick .
French Canadian officials favor French Canadian players according to a new study from Brock University 's Kevin Mongeon .
Kevin Mongeon looked at penalty calls over a span of three seasons , separating the data by ethnicity of official ( French or English ) and player ( French , English , or European ) . After adjusting for score effects , Mongeon concluded that French Canadian referees tend to call more penalties on English-speaking players than French Canadian players .
Mongeon recently spoke with CBC 's Lisa Lago about the report .
From the paper 's abstract :
Motivated by an endogenity issue between score margin and penalty events , this paper tests for ethnicity discrimination among NHL referees by analyzing over 2.6 million player shifts . Using duration models to compare the penalty rates of various player–referee ethnicity combinations , we find that French Canadian referees call penalties at significantly faster rates on English Canadian players than do English Canadian referees . The results are broadly consistent with the prior discrimination literature and are intuitively reasonable within the context of the historic French–English tensions throughout Canada 's history .
Neil Longley , who co-wrote the paper , hypothesized that historical French-English tensions are reflected within the NHL .
This is n't the first time a possible French bias has hit the media . Ron MacLean brought it up on national television a few years back , only to later apologize for his remarks . Even Predators coach Peter Laviolette made headlines after saying that calls against his club were “ Montreal Typical . ”
Mongeon is looking to raise awareness of potential bias to help eliminate it within the game , as he said was done within Major League Baseball .
We 've reached out to Mongeon for more comment and to review the study .
UPDATE : The full study is available here , shared with approval from the Copyright Clearance Center . It 's not exactly light reading , but it is quite interesting . They also look at some other causes of the disparity , including a difference in style of play . From the paper 's conclusion :
Peter Molyneux is the famed British developer behind Populous and Fable .
Molyneux reckons he 's cracked free-to-play . He says he 's come up with an entirely new way to get your cash in upcoming strategy opus Godus , and it will apparently be `` delightful '' .
Though you definitely should n't call it 'free-to-play ' in front of him .
`` There can not be a term that is less true , '' he barks . `` What we need is a new term . And that term is more like 'invest-to- play ' . What really are we doing ? We are tempting people to invest some of their money into a game . ''
He compares the current library of free-to-play mobile games to `` taking a huge hammer and smashing our customers with it . We 're saying : 'Be patient or pay money . ' That 's not a delightful mechanic . That 's not going to get people to invest their money . ''
Deeper dungeons
No game fits that description quite as well as EA and Mythic Entertainment 's mobile revamp of Dungeon Keeper , a game series that Molyneux himself created when he was working at Bullfrog .
Talking about this reboot , he says : `` The free-to-play mechanic was so dominant that it obscured all the fantastic work they did . It was like a horrible odour . ''
`` I wanted to play and keep on playing and keep on playing . But I just kept getting beaten up for being an impatient gamer . ''
I ask Molyneux how he would have made a new Dungeon Keeper for mobile .
`` Well , I would n't be greedy , '' he starts . `` I would probably not use the free-to-play model at all . ''
`` I 'd no longer make it 2.5D so you 're stuck on one level . I 'd make it so you could dig the Mines of Moria , '' he says with a hint of creative glee in his voice .
`` And there 's a Balrog in it ! That 's what I 'd want to make . This sort of device would be perfect for that , '' he adds , pawing at his iPhone .
God of gods
So , according to Molyneux , Godus will be the anti-Dungeon Keeper .
`` We ca n't be so crude in making the first thing we teach people in these games how to speed things up by spending gems . That 's absolutely insane . ''
Instead , there 'll be monetisation in Godus `` that has n't existed before '' . And it will be as `` fresh and as new and as different from anything you 've ever seen in any game '' , he adds , in one of his now-typical promise-the-moon sales pitches .
He 's cagey about the finer details of Godus 's monetisation , so getting him to divulge concrete examples is like pulling teeth . But here are a few hints that should set you up for the full announcement in the coming weeks .
For one , you wo n't be able to pay a penny in Godus until you 're deemed ready .
`` You 've got to be subtle about it and slowly layer in those mechanics . The point we introduce monetisation depends on the player , and the game maker has to get you into the right mindset . ''
You might also want to think back to the monetisation techniques employed in Molyneux 's barmy social box tapper Curiosity .
Those purchases - including angry badgers and the ability to troll players by adding extra cubes - were an experiment on the part of Molyneux and his team to see `` how can we put as much inventiveness and creativity into people paying money into a game as we would any other mechanic '' .
Games as a hobby
Most importantly of all , though , the brains behind Black & White wants to `` to tempt people to think about being proud about investing . Before we even talk about monetisation , we want players to feel like Godus is a hobby ( not just a game ) . ''
I ask Molyneux if he 's worried that no one will pay at all . Games from overly generous free-to-play game devs that do n't hobble your progress and prey on your impatience have flopped , after all .
`` Yeah , I 'm worried about that , but those risks are worth taking , '' Molyneux says . `` We could layer in 'it takes six days to build this house ' , and maybe we 'd make a shitload of money , but that 's not my ambition for games . ''
`` There has to be a better way . ''
Check out Part II of my conversation with Peter Molyneux here
Brookhaven Science Associates ( BSA ) granted tenure effective December 1 , 2008 , to eight Brookhaven scientists . They are Elaine DiMasi , National Synchrotron Light Source ; Rita Goldstein , Medical Department ; Yangang Liu , Environmental Sciences Department ; Hong Ma , Physics Department ; Cedomir Petrovic , Condensed Matter Physics and Materials Science Department ( CMPMS ) ; Triveni Rao , Instrumentation Division ; Tonica Valla , CMPMS ; and Paul Vaska , Medical . Tenure appointments are granted by action of the BSA Board after a rigorous selection procedure overseen by the BSA Science & Technology Steering Committee . In making tenure decisions , the BSA Board is advised by members of the Brookhaven Council , an elected body that advises the Director on matters affecting the scientific staff . This is the fifth in a series of profiles .
Cedomir Petrovic
Cedomir Petrovic , a physicist in the Condensed Matter Physics & Materials Science Department ( CMPMS ) , was awarded tenure for his world-class research in materials synthesis .
Said CMPMS Department Chair Peter Johnson , `` Cedomir has established an international reputation for the synthesis of new materials , an activity of critical importance for both BNL and for condensed matter physics research in the U.S. One of his most important achievements has been his synthesis and characterization of the heavy-fermion system cerium-cobalt-indium ( CeCoIn5 ) , a superconductor with the highest known superconducting temperature in this class of materials . His two papers reporting this discovery had outstanding impact and have been cited more than 253 and 245 times each . ''
Petrovic has co-authored 62 journal articles , averaging over 10 publications per year in 2004-07 . These include two articles in Science , 14 in Physical Review Letters , three in Europhysics Letters , and 20 in Physical Review B .
At BNL , Petrovic has built his own lab for exploratory syntheisis of new superconducting materials . In addition , the quality and size of the crystals he makes have been said to hold the absolute record for the purest and best single crystals of a heavy fermion compound or any other correlated electron material . He produced the world 's largest crystals of compounds of ytterbium-rhodium-silicon ( YbRh2Si2 ) and cerium-cobalt-indium ( CeCoIn5 ) , enabling a series of inelastic magnetic neutron scattering experiments to be done for the first time , and he has contributed to the synthesis and characterization of many other materials of interest .
Petrovic received his Ph.D. in physics from Florida State University in 2000 , and he joined the BNL Physics Department as an assistant physicist in 2002 . He was promoted to associate physicist in 2004 and physicist in 2006 . He moved to the new CMPMS department and is currently in the molecular beam epitaxy group .
KOYUDO Brushes listed here are offered at 20 % discount . The quantities are limited , so hurry to check out !
Makie 7-Brush Set Special ( Rabbit ) Set Black
The brushes use rabbit and gray squirrel hair , that is picked up only high quality and very soft hair . I 'm sure you will be surprised at its softness .
The handles are made of Echizen urushi ( Echizen lacquer ) , which is Japanese traditional craft . While Stocks Last .
[ Outlet Product ] Makie 7-Brush Set Red
The bristles are made of gray squirrel hair , goat hair , kolinsky hair . They are soft silky and resilient , easier to pick up powder .
Quite comprehensive and can be used by both professionals and home users for various types of makeup application .
Makie 7-Brush Set Red
The
of Red and gold Japanese lacquer . The
print on the brush is
adds to the luxuriousness of the brushes .
luxury
Recommended for you who would like to have beautiful and soft skin on your own face .
Makie 7-Brush Set Black
Heart Shaped Powder Brush Orange
OL-4 Tapered Blush Brush
Flawless Flat Powder Brush
Heart Shaped Powder Brush Pink Gradation
Heart Shaped Powder Brush Purple
Extra gorgeous makeup brush set.Thismakeup brush set will be your treasure .
This week on DineSafe there are no restaurant closures to report . A number of local eateries did , on the other hand , receive conditional passes including Dumpling & More , which landed a troubling seven infractions from city health inspectors .
See which other restaurants landed on the DineSafe hit list this week .
Aji Sai Plus ( 637 Yonge St . )
Inspected on : October 3 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 5 ( Minor : 2 , Significant : 2 , Crucial : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : Fail to protect food from contamination or adulteration .
Dundas Spring Garden ( 434 Dundas St. West )
Inspected on : October 3 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 6 ( Minor : 3 , Significant : 2 , Crucial : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : Operator fail to ensure food is not contaminated or adulterated .
Lil ' Baci ( 892 Queen St. East )
Inspected on : October 4 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 3 ( Significant : 2 , Crucial : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : Operator fail to ensure food is not contaminated or adulterated .
One Hour Cafe ( 435 Spadina Ave . )
Inspected on : October 4 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 2 ( Minor : 1 , Significant : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : N/A
Dumpling & More ( 442 Dundas St. West )
Inspected on : October 5 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 7 ( Minor : 2 , Significant : 5 )
Crucial infractions include : N/A
Red Fish Blue Fish Creative Cafe ( 73 Harbord St . )
Inspected on : October 5 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 3 ( Minor : 1 , Significant : 2 )
Crucial infractions include : N/A
Cora Pizza ( 656 Spadina Ave . )
Inspected on : October 6 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 5 ( Minor : 2 , Significant : 2 , Crucial : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : Operator fail to ensure food is not contaminated or adulterated .
Jaipur Grille ( 2066 Yonge St . )
Inspected on : October 6 , 2016
Inspection finding : Yellow ( Conditional )
Number of infractions : 4 ( Minor : 1 , Significant : 2 , Crucial : 1 )
Crucial infractions include : Operator fail to ensure premises cleaned to prevent food contamination .
Note : The above businesses each received infractions from DineSafe as originally reported on the DineSafe site . This does not imply that any of these businesses have not subsequently corrected the issue and received a passing grade by DineSafe inspectors . For the latest status for each of the mentioned businesses , including details on any subsequent inspections , please be sure to check the DineSafe site .
Despite the advances made against many types of cancer , pancreatic cancer remains grimly resistant to treatment . Only about 4 % of patients survive for 5 years , mainly because of the disease 's vicious ability to metastasize , or spread to other parts of the body . Now , a group of researchers has hit upon a novel way to halt its spread : delivering radiation directly to the cancer cells using genetically modified bacteria . In a study of mice carrying human tumors , the therapy shrank the rodent 's primary tumors while sparing healthy tissue ; it also blasted cancer cells that had spread throughout the animals , reducing their number by up to 90 % .
The cancer-targeting microorganism , Listeria monocytogenes , is a rod-shaped bacterium that penetrates the cells of the people and animals that it infects . Although the pathogen can cause severe illness , such as meningitis , a healthy person 's immune system can usually destroy it before any damage is done . Because of the bacterium 's ability to burrow inside key immune cells called macrophages , some researchers use weakened Listeria with bits of tumor DNA attached to teach the body 's immune system to recognize and destroy cancerous cells that might otherwise slip by unnoticed .
As part of this effort , immunobiologist Claudia Gravekamp , then at the California Pacific Medical Center Research Institute in San Francisco , was studying such an attenuated Listeria-based vaccine in mice carrying a highly aggressive , metastatic form of breast cancer . In 2009 , Gravekamp and her colleagues found that the bacteria did more than spur the immune system to attack the cancer cells . The microbes infected and killed the cancer cells directly , while having no effect on healthy tissue . Encouraged by these results , the scientists wondered if Listeria could be used to deliver cancer-fighting therapies straight to tumor cells , including metastatic ones .
Moving to the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City , Gravekamp teamed up with radiobiologist Ekaterina Dadachova and colleagues to combine modified Listeria with the radioactive compound rhenium-188 , which they attached to an engineered protein called a monoclonal antibody that sticks to the bacterium . Over the course of 16 days ( including a weeklong break ) , they injected mice already infected with a highly metastatic form of pancreatic cancer with the `` labeled '' bacteria . The radioactive bacteria treatment reduced the number of metastatic cells by 90 % compared with mice given a saline solution , the team reports online today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The attenuated Listeria alone decreased metastatic cells by 50 % . The treatment 's effect on the original tumor was less dramatic , but still impressive : The combination of Listeria and radiation shrank the tumor by 64 % , and Listeria alone by about 20 % compared with saline-treated mice .
There was also very little damage to healthy tissue . The treatment 's extreme precision results from its ability to turn the cancer cells ' own defenses against them , Gravekamp explains . In healthy tissue , the immune system swiftly clears out the modified bacteria . Cancer cells , however , have ways of shutting down immune activity in their vicinity . For example , they produce proteins called cytokines that tell infection-fighting immune cells to back off and recruit `` suppressor '' cells directly from the bone marrow that help cancel the immune attack . `` By turning off the immune cells that would have protected them , the cancer cells make themselves uniquely vulnerable to the treatment , '' Gravekamp says . `` We envision this approach as a second-line therapy , which would follow either surgery or radiation to remove the primary tumor , '' she says .
Co-author Dadachova adds that although a 90 % reduction in metastatic cells is impressive , the remaining 10 % are still potentially fatal . She believes that it 's possible to get the success rate to 100 % , by using longer-lasting forms of radiation .
`` This is an innovative and promising approach for a bad , bad disease , '' says Fred Gorelick , a clinician and researcher at Yale University who specializes in diseases of the pancreas . He cautions , though , that some issues should be addressed in further research to make the treatment a realistic approach for humans . For example , although early clinical trials of Listeria-based vaccines have shown that the neutralized bacterium produces only mild flulike symptoms in human patients with cervical cancer , the various methods of genetically disarming the bacteria should be explored to find the safest approach for people gravely ill with pancreatic cancer , because these patients are likely to already have weak immune systems . Gorelick would also like to make sure that no dangerous levels of radiation are released as the bacteria die , noting that some buildup was seen in the kidney tissue of the mice treated in the new study .
But , he says , `` the number of new cases of pancreatic cancer every year is 40,000 , and the number of deaths every year is 40,000 . '' The prospects for that condition are bleak enough to allow for a degree of risk that might not be acceptable in less serious types of cancer , Gorelick concludes .
* This story provided by ScienceNOW , the daily online news service of the journal * Science .
[ + ] Enlarge A Japanese research team built the previously missing B 3 NO 2 heterocycle via a stepwise process .
Chemists over the years have combined boron , carbon , nitrogen , and oxygen in various ways to create a variety of six-membered heterocyclic ring systems . One of the reasons they make these rings is to expand the array of available polycyclic aromatic materials used for making optoelectronic devices and used as organocatalysts . In particular , researchers have been looking at graphite-type materials based on six-membered ring core structures containing electron-deficient boron atoms . But incorporating both nitrogen and oxygen along with boron has remained elusive .
A research team at Japan 's Institute of Microbial Chemistry has now designed and synthesized oxaazaborinanes—molecules that contain a B 3 NO 2 ring—that are a cross between previously known borazines ( B 3 N 3 ) and boroxines ( B 3 O 3 ) . The new ring had been a missing link in the collection of six-membered ring compounds containing B , C , N , and O ( Nat . Chem . 2017 , DOI : 10.1038/nchem.2708 ) .
[ + ] Enlarge After finding a synthetic pathway to dioxaazatriborinanes ( DATBs ) , Kumagai and coworkers demonstrated the molecules ' catalytic abilities , such as the challenging direct amidation of phenylisobutyric acid shown .
The team led by Masakatsu Shibasaki and Naoya Kumagai prepared a set of the 1,3-dioxa-5-aza-2,4,6-triborinanes ( DATBs ) in a stepwise fashion starting from bromine-substituted aniline . The process required building a terphenyl template as a framework to support the B 3 NO 2 ring . Kumagai says the peripheral architecture is important for the ring 's stability , explaining that the instability of the stand-alone B 3 NO 2 ring is likely why chemists were not able to readily prepare it in the past .
The Japanese researchers realized the multiple Lewis acidic boron atoms in their DATBs should make the new molecules good catalysts . As a test case , they selected the direct amidation of carboxylic acids with amines , a key reaction for making pharmaceuticals . Chemists currently rely on boron-based acid organocatalysts with or without a supplemental metal to carry out this transformation .
The team found that its initial DATB molecule with a phenyl substituent produced modest results . But DATB derivatives with bulkier substituted phenyl groups containing a hydroxy azaborine moiety provide high yields for a broad range of amidations , in particular for sterically hindered substrates , outperforming previously known direct amidation catalysts . The Japanese researchers have a collaboration with a company to commercialize DATBs , Kumagai notes , and they continue to work on defining the catalytic mechanism as well as the synthesis of more active DATB derivatives .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A new report describes two cases of poultry workers who developed chronically swollen knuckles , the hallmark sign of a rare skin condition known as pachydermodactyly .
Researchers from Wake Forest School of Medicine in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , said the joint swelling as well as pain , itching and burning both men felt in their hands was likely due to repeated injuries to the skin and tissue changes as a result .
“ Although there are not many cases reported , and pachydermodactyly is rare , I believe other poultry workers may have this condition despite the use of protective measures , such as , gloves , ” dermatologist Dr. Rita Pichardo-Geisinger , one of the study 's authors , told Reuters Health in an email .
The cases , she said , were found as part of a larger study on skin disease in more than 500 Latino immigrant poultry workers in western North Carolina .
The two patients , both men , worked as a chicken catcher and chicken hanger . Chicken catchers help transport the animals from large houses to processing plants by scooping up five to seven chickens at once in each hand and putting them into cages , the researchers wrote in the Archives of Dermatology .
Chicken hangers are responsible for grabbing the birds and putting them into metal shackles on a conveyer belt . Both jobs move quickly — hangers are supposed to hang a chicken every two seconds , according to the authors — and workers go through the same motions for hours at a time .
Both men with pachydermodactyly said the swelling in their fingers interfered with their job and life outside of work . Along with pain and itching in the hands , they also both reported wrist and shoulder pain .
And in both instances , most symptoms improved when the poultry workers took a few days off from work — but the swelling itself did n't go away , according to the case studies .
Pichardo-Geisinger said pachydermodactyly is often not painful , though these cases were an exception . The condition is rare but most commonly occurs in younger men , she said , including those who typically have regular skin trauma as part of their jobs or people with obsessive-compulsive disorder with a habit of frequently rubbing their hands together .
HOW COMMON IS IT ?
The current study can not give an exact estimate of how common pachydermodactyly and related symptoms may be in chicken catchers and hangers .
“ It is important to note that the occurrence of pachydermodactyly in only two individuals out of the entire poultry workforce indicates the condition is rare , ” said a spokesperson for the National Chicken Council , a trade association .
“ It is also important to not draw conclusions on such a small sample size especially since the cause of pachydermodactyly is unknown . Without additional medical knowledge of the workers and their individual working conditions , drawing conclusions about the cause of this particular dermatological condition is unfounded . ”
A spokesperson for the U.S. Poultry & Egg Association added that , “ The poultry industry constantly strives to improve the safety of our work environment for our employees . ”
Both representatives pointed out in emails to Reuters Health that injury and illness rates decreased by 73 percent in poultry processing facilities from 1994 through 2010 , according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Wearing gloves and rotating jobs may help prevent pachydermodactyly in particular and ease symptoms for people who have already developed it , according to Pichardo-Geisinger .
“ But the swelling due to compensatory tissue changes may persist , ” she added . “ The long-term prognosis is deformity of the hands and inability to perform ( the ) patient 's job and daily activities . ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/Jzq75w Archives of Dermatology , online May 21 , 2012 .
Hey guys , with the new reboot of the Sailor Moon series right around the corner ( coming out next month ) there is a lot of hype in the Sailor Moon fandom . I for one would be overjoyed to have some sailor-moon themed wands and scepters like the ones from the series .
Perhaps these could be standalone staff meshes that use spells like soul trap or calm , anything other than plain destruction magic really ..
http : //www.sailormoo ... oy-shopping.jpg
http : //ic.pics.livej ... 45_original.jpg
http : //ecx.images-am ... 31E1X3CAPJL.jpg
These are just some of Sailor Moon 's weapons . There are many other weapons in the series , including Sailor Pluto 's time staff , Sailor Saturn 's glaive , and the talismans of Uranus and Neptune
I know that there are some renders available on Second Life , but they are n't all that great .
I 'm guessing a lot of people here are n't into particularly girly things , but I think it would become a very popular mod , and now would be the best time to make these if anyone 's going to do it .
BY GARRY BARKER
Scientists at the University of Melbourne , Royal Melbourne Hospital and Florey Institute for Neuroscience and Mental Health have found the holy grail of bionic research .
They have developed technology to closely monitor , record and interpret human thoughts and use them to control a bionic limb , or even a vehicle , without opening the skull or implanting sensors directly on the brain . It has been dubbed “ the bionic spine ” .
It is a world first in biomedical engineering that uses electrodes on a tiny stent , called a stentrode , inserted through the jugular vein to lie beside the brain .
The electrodes pick up the tiny microvolt electrical signals generated in brain neurons . Trials so far have been on sheep , whose thoughts are unknown , but when clinical trials begin with humans next year , their thoughts will be known , detected , recorded , interpreted and sent to a computer via a radio transmitter implanted under the skin of the chest .
Algorithms running in the computer will interpret those signals and send instructions to a bionic limb or vehicle to help disabled people with spinal cord damage , even motor neurone disease .
But the Melbourne researchers see great potential for other fields , including amelioration of Parkinson 's disease , prediction and control of epileptic seizures and treatment of severe depression .
Professor David Grayden ( BE ( ElecEng ) ( Hons ) 1990 , BSc 1991 , PhD 1999 ) is a team leader in the group of 40 medical and bioengineering specialists working on the project .
Professor Grayden and his team are charged with identifying , recording and interpreting brain signals collected by the stentrode and with building the algorithms to instruct an external device .
He is Professor and Deputy Head ( Academic ) of the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering .
1 . Collection and interpretation of brain signals has been possible for years . What makes this development so important ?
Until now , detecting and recording detailed signals from neurons required electrodes inserted directly into the brain . But most degraded and failed after six months – partly due to loss of insulation but more because the brain built up scar tissue or glia ( non-neural tissue occurring naturally in the brain ) around the electrodes , blocking contact with neurons .
The stentrode has no contact with the brain . Electrodes are firmly placed in the blood vessel , the wall of which grows over the stentrode , securing it in place , so it can continue in use in everyday life .
2 . Trials so far have been on sheep , but , as you say , it is difficult to get useful information . You ca n't tell a sheep what to think . But clinical trials with humans , disabled and not , are to begin in 2017 . What are the goals then ?
Before we can begin clinical trials with humans we must prove the stentrode is safe and convince surgeons that our implants will not cause harm . Nitinol , the nickel-titanium alloy used for the stent , has been proven biocompatible . The stent is a standard item , first developed to remove blood clots in the brain that have caused strokes . In our case , electrodes are fixed to the stent by Dr Nick Opie ( PhD 2012 ) and his team at Royal Melbourne Hospital .
The vein we use is about three millimetres in diameter , into which we insert a tube . The stent and its connecting wires are then pushed through the tube , which has an internal diameter of less than two millimetres . The tube is then withdrawn , leaving the stentrode and its wires in place . In our trials with sheep the wires connect to a recording unit on the sheep .
For very long-term use in humans we plan to have the wires emerge from the blood vessel and connect to a device that has a battery , a processor and a radio transmitter . When the first humans receive this device next year , we will launch straight into decoding the signals produced by their thoughts .
3 . Recording signals from the brain is now fairly common in modern medicine . What makes your research different ?
It is a by-product of the way neurons behave in activating and communicating with each other that they create electrical fields . It was discovered many years ago that you could record those fields and make sense of them . That 's how EEG ( electroencephalography ) developed . But we want to record those minute electrical fields over very small areas of the brain and infer from them what the neurons are doing .
So , if you are sending an instruction to “ lift your leg ” there will be a sequence of activations of those neurons that send commands down to the spinal cord and then to the legs saying “ activate that muscle or this muscle ” .
4 . So it 's finding out what the voltage changes mean and then creating appropriate instructions to a bionic device ?
Yes . We can use different techniques such as EEG , MEG ( magnetoencephalogram ) , which measures magnetic fields in the brain , and MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) to look at brain activation as people imagine actions .
With the stentrode we can look at a signal picked up by a single electrode , see the characteristics of it and , if certain frequencies become activated , then that means something is happening and we can decode that .
Another way is to look at what the relative activity is between multiple electrodes . There may be a sequence of instructions or we can target where the signal is coming from , just as multiple microphones on a submarine can detect the position of a sound source .
We would say to someone , “ imagine raising your arm ” , they imagine it , we record the signal and then we say “ lower your arm ” and we get hopefully a different signal . We can analyse that directly or , a common approach now , feed it into a machine-learning algorithm in a computer to decipher it . From that we can set up templates of what different actions look like .
Machine learning is very helpful but it needs to adapt over time because people adapt the way they do their thinking . There is an interaction – you have machine learning to decode the patient 's activity but the patient is also learning how best to work with the system .
Such learning happening from both angles is more likely to make the system work .
5 . And the goals of your team ? And what about other applications ?
Success depends largely on our ability to communicate with the machine , the computer that converts the signals from the brain neurons into instructions that replicate and transmit the intent in the thoughts of the patient . You can put electrodes into the brain , but if you ca n't make sense of the signals being recorded , then there 's not much point .
The idea of using a stent came from Dr Tom Oxley ( a neurologist from the University of Melbourne interested in vascular systems and electrophysiology ) . Tom was looking for support for his idea .
Professor Terry O'Brien ( MB BS 1988 , MD 2000 ) , head of medicine at the Royal Melbourne Hospital , suggested he speak to Professor Tony Burkitt and me . We were at the Centre for Neural Engineering at the time . We thought the idea was fantastic and agreed to support it .
We immediately saw what the challenges were and were familiar enough with the bionic eye and ear to know the sorts of challenges that would be met , such as finding biocompatible materials and working in very small spaces .
Tom had been speaking to DARPA ( the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) and we joined in with a formal application for funding , which was successful .
It might be possible to record from other parts of the brain , perhaps use it for epilepsy monitoring . I am also interested in the prospect of stimulating the brain through the stentrode 's electrodes . Could we deliver electric current to the brain to stop a seizure , treat severe intractable depression or stimulate lower brain centres for control of Parkinson 's disease ?
An implanted device to treat Parkinson 's disease is already available but its use involves invasive surgery with all the inherent risks of entering the brain .
Electrical stimulation delivered there can alleviate some of the symptoms of Parkinson 's . Severe shaking and “ freezing ” , when the patient ca n't move , are treatable .
Read more on Pursuit .
Designing logos can be very difficult . When designing a logo you want it to stand out from the crowd yet still be really simple . Sometimes the designer is really clever and makes the logo very simple yet includes a hidden message within the logo that has deeper meaning . In this article we have 15 logos with hidden messages , some of which you will have heard of before and some maybe new to you but hopefully you will enjoy them all .
Amazon
The Amazon logo is an extremely simple logo and while the arrow may just look like a smile it actually points from a to z . This represents that Amazon sell everything from a to z and the smile on the customers face when they bought a product .
Baskin Robbins
The Baskin Robbins logo may look like it includes a simple BR above the name but if you take another look you will that it includes a pink number 31 . This is a reference to the original 31 flavors .
Chick-fil-a
The Chick-fil-a logo incorporates a chicken into the C. Although this is n't very hidden , it is still very clever .
Eighty20
The eighty20 logo is a bit of a geeky one to figure out , the two lines of squares represent a binary sequence with the blue squares being 1 's and the grey squares being 0 's . Which makes 1010000 which represents eighty and 0010100 which represents 20 .
F1
The F1 logo is a fairly simple one to figure out . The negative space in the middle creates the 1 .
Facebook Places
If you did n't already know Facebook Places , is Facebooks new geolocational product . Which is in direct competition with the current leader in that area Foursquare . Now if you take another look at Facebook Places logo you will notice it is a 4 in a square now is this a coincidence or a dig at Foursquare ?
FedEx
The FedEx logo look like a plain text based logo but if you take a second look between the E and the x you will see an arrow which represents the speed and accuracy of the companies deliveries .
Milwaukee Brewers
The old Milwaukee Brewers logo may look like a simple catchers mitt holding a ball , but if you take a second you will see the team 's initials M and B .
Museum of London
The Museum of London logo may look like a modern logo design but it actually represents the geographic area of London as it as grew over time .
NBC
The NBC logo has a hidden peacock above the above text which is looking to the right , this represents the companies motto to look forward and not back , and also that they are proud of the programs they broadcast .
Northwest Airlines
The old Northwest Airlines logo may look like a simple logo but if you take a closer look the symbol on the left actually represent both N and W and because it is enclosed within the circle it also represents a compass pointing northwest .
Piano Forest
The Piano Forest logo may look like a simple text logo with trees above it , but if you take another look you will see that the trees actually represent keys on a piano .
Toblerone
The Toblerone logo contains the image of a bear hidden in the Matterhorn mountain , which is where Toblerone originally came from .
Tostitos
The Tostitos logo includes two people sharing a chip and a bowl of salsa , this conveys an idea of people connecting with each other over a bowl of chips .
Treacy Shoes
The Treacy Shoes logo is very cute logo with a shoe hidden between the t and s .
Rose Bowl Flea Market in Pasadena
Carol B Special
Herb 's Special
* fin *
One of the cool things about living so close to a major city is the ability to drive down for a short one day adventure . While the farmers market and swap meets in the local area can suffice , nothing compares to the Rose Bowl flea market in Pasadena . Our plan was to leave early , have some breakfast and then spend the day seeing all the cool stuff for sale.With a long day of walking planned , fuel is a necessity , and there 's no better breakfast fuel than Roscoe 's Chicken and Waffles ! After a hearty breakfast , we drove the remaining 5 minutes to the Rose Bowl and got there about 30 minutes after they opened . It was backed ! Word of advise , if you are thinking of going show up early or be expected to wait in line to find a parking spot . It is well worth it . So much cool stuff to see .
A 44-year-old man appeared to be recovering nicely after a double lung transplant at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago , Illinois . A week after the surgery , however , the patient , whose own lungs had been ruined by the inflammatory disease pulmonary sarcoidosis , grew confused and then became delirious . Although a brain scan found nothing wrong , tests showed that the amount of ammonia in his blood had spiked—and continued to rise even after dialysis to remove the toxin . Forty days after his surgery , he died .
Now , a new study implicates bacteria that normally live in the urinary tract as the cause of the man 's fatal illness and the deaths of other lung transplant patients . The work suggests a way to treat a rare but deadly complication of organ transplantation and cancer treatment .
Although our bodies normally produce small amounts of ammonia when we break down proteins , liver enzymes transform it into a safer compound , urea , which is excreted in our urine . In some organ transplant recipients and cancer patients , however , the amount of ammonia in the blood explodes . Although this condition , known as hyperammonemia , is unusual , “ when it has occurred , it 's been disastrous , ” says pulmonologist Mark Wylam of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . The brain swells , and patients fall into a coma . “ The end of the ordeal is that they die , ” he says .
Not only is hyperammonemia resistant to treatment and usually fatal , but the cause has also been elusive . In 2013 , Wylam and colleagues discovered the likely culprit in one case , a 64-year-old woman who died from hyperammonemia after a double lung transplant . They found that her blood and tissues were positive for a type of bacterium , Mycoplasma hominis , that often causes mild genital infections in women .
But the man who died at Northwestern Memorial Hospital showed no signs of M. hominis , thoracic surgeon Ankit Bharat of the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago and colleagues found . Instead , they detected a different bacterium , Ureaplasma urealyticum , in the man 's blood and in samples from his bladder , spleen , liver , and lungs . The team then tested tissue from three other lung transplant patients who had died from hyperammonemia , including the patient studied by Wylam and colleagues . All three showed evidence of infection with U. urealyticum or a kindred microbe , U. parvum . In contrast , 20 lung transplant recipients who did n't develop hyperammonemia were negative for all three microbes , the researchers report online today in Science Translational Medicine .
The researchers also checked for the bacteria in two lung transplant recipients who had hyperammonemia but were still alive . Both patients carried U. urealyticum or U. parvum bacteria , and both recovered after antibiotic treatment .
Wylam , who was n't connected to the new study , says the results are convincing . “ They have shown that U. urealyticum can also cause these unexplained cases of hyperammonemia. ” The authors of the paper recommend testing lung transplant recipients who have hyperammonemia for Ureaplasma infection . The study also provides guidance about treating the condition . Although the man Bharat and colleagues studied had received the antibiotic azithromycin , the bacteria may have become resistant to it . The microbes are vulnerable to three families of antibiotics , so a combination of drugs would be a better choice to avoid resistance , Bharat says .
About two-thirds of us have Ureaplasma bacteria living in our urinary tract , where they feast on urea , breaking it down to produce energy and releasing ammonia as a byproduct . Why the bacteria occasionally trigger widespread infections and death is n't clear . Cancer patients and transplant recipients have suppressed immune systems , and the microbes might take advantage of their weakened defenses . However , another possibility emerged when Bharat and colleagues found that the lungs of one donor already contained the bacteria before the organs were transplanted into the recipient . So donor organs could deliver the microbes to patients who develop hyperammonemia .
Ureaplasma microbes are hard to diagnose because they do n't like to grow in the cultures that hospitals often used to identify the culprits in bacterial infections . Unrecognized infections could be responsible for additional cases of hyperammonemia and even other illnesses , Bharat says . For example , he notes , the microbes could be causing disease in malnourished patients . “ These organisms could be a bigger problem , ” he says .
According to the Independent , “ Google could have a complete list of almost everything you 've ever looked at. ” Here 's how to delete it .
“ The list will at least include every Google search you 've ever done while signed in . But if you use Google Chrome , it will also include just about every website you 've ever visited , all catalogued by date and time , and completely searchable , ” the Independent explained . The report claims Google keeps this information partly “ so that it can be useful to you ” but “ mostly so that Google can use that information for its ads , learning what you 're into and what marketing is most likely to appeal . ”
Users can turn off the feature by heading to “ Activity Controls , ” before deselecting “ Web & App Activity ” on the page .
If users want to keep the majority of the feature but turn off Google 's ability to receive information from third party services , you can just make sure that “ Include Chrome browsing history and activity from websites and apps that use Google services ” is unticked .
On the same “ Activity Controls ” page , users can also disable location tracking , contact and calendar storing , Google 's ability to record and store your voice recordings , and YouTube search and watch history .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel reacts at the start of a cabinet meeting at the Chancellery in Berlin April 29 , 2015 . REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande held a telephone conversation with the leaders of Russia and Ukraine on Thursday to discuss the fragile ceasefire in eastern Ukraine , Merkel 's spokesman said .
“ The partners were in agreement over the need to stabilize the still fragile ceasefire in east Ukraine as well as to continue with the withdrawal of heavy weapons , ” Steffen Seibert said in a statement .
He said the leaders wanted to intensify the political process by setting up working groups with the pro-Russian separatists and the OSCE , Russia and Ukraine in the next few weeks .
Related Coverage Russia says Western leaders note progress in ceasefire in Ukraine
Corey Graves Says Dean Ambrose Did Not Do “ Anything Memorable ” as Intercontinental Champion
WWE has released the full version of the latest episode of “ Bring it to the Table ” , hosted by Corey Graves , JBL and Peter Rosenberg .
During the episode , which you can watch below , Graves admits his opinion of Jinder Mahal has changed since The Modern Day Maharaja became WWE Champion . Graves said that at first he doubted Mahal as Champion , but with his new look and The Singh Brothers at his side , he looks and feels like a Champion .
Graves then compared Mahal 's current WWE Title run to Dean Ambrose 's last run with the Intercontinental Title , and Graves said he thinks Ambrose did nothing “ memorable ” during the title reign . Graves added he would say all of this to Ambrose 's face , but about the only thing he can remember Ambrose doing while Champion is losing to The Miz .
Mauro Ranallo Reacts to Joining WWE NXT
The inimitable Mauro Ranallo describes what it feels like to join the NXT broadcast team , reacts to the reception from the NXT Universe and looks ahead to his call of Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Conor McGregor later this summer :
This post was made with an older stylesheet
First of all , Totem was renamed to Videos in the same context of renaming every Gnome core app into its main using purpose like the Epiphany renaming to Web for example .
There are also plenty of build fixes to make it possible to build with Wayland support and now we can truly say that Videos is “ preparing ” for the future . This is very important for both development and testing - feedback purposes . This is also the first release that is fully ported to Gstreamer 1.0 .
Two obvious GUI changes are the hiding of the title bar when Videos are maximised and the moving of some menu items to the app menu like shown on the below screenshots :
Full changelog :
Plenty of build fixes to make it possible to build with Wayland support
Increase thumbnail size to 256 px
Movie player :
Rename to “ Videos ”
Hide titlebar when maximised
Move some menu items to the app menu
Command-line parsing bug fixes
Use Grilo to list DVDs and other optical media
Remove connection speed preferences
Stop DVD playback when disc is ejected
Fix ordering of the playlist after drag'n'drop
Backend :
Port to GStreamer 1.0
Add HTTP proxy support
Much improved error messages
Add variable rate playback
Use Clutter for the OSD
Disable visualisations by default
Animate rotations
Add av-offset support
Prepare the ground for chapter support in non-DVDs
Plugins :
Make screenshot UI-less , like in gnome-shell
Simplify the screensaver and browser plugin code
Remove publish and iPlayer plugins
Use Grilo 0.2
Better search sidebar
Add hook for site-specific user-agents
Add hook for custom subtitle selection through plugins
Move recent-files handling to a plugin
Since this is an unstable beta release , I suggest you wait till the release of Gnome 3.6 to meet the new Videos , but you can always compile it from source if you ca n't wait !
Get Videos 3.5.90
On the 41st anniversary of Emergency – the proclamation of which President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed signed on June 25 and the Union Cabinet ratified at 6 am on June 26 – the luminaries of the Sangh Parivar will recount stories of their heroic deeds in countering the authoritarianism of Indira Gandhi . They will tell us about their efforts to revive Indian democracy out of the 20-month coma into which she had despatched it into .
What they will certainly not do is to deny or confirm the rumours , as old as the Emergency itself , that many of their stalwarts , including former Prime Minister AB Vajpayee and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh 's sarsanghchalak Balasaheb Deoras , wrote fawning letters to Indira Gandhi , apologising for opposing her and offering cooperation . Over the years , however , the Emergency literature has grown to confirm some of these rumours , or at least have us doubt the scale at which the RSS and its affiliates claim to have to participated in resuscitating Indian democracy .
Among those who have questioned the Sangh Parivar 's role in the movement against the Emergency is none other than Subramanian Swamy , the Bharatiya Janata Party MP who is much in the news these days .
In a piece in the Hindu in 2000 , Swamy wrote ,
“ It is on record in the Maharashtra Assembly proceedings that the then RSS chief , Balasaheb Deoras , wrote several apology letters to Indira Gandhi from inside the Yeravada jail in Pune disassociating the RSS from the JP-led movement and offering to work for the infamous 20-point programme . She did not reply to any of his letters . ”
( Indira Gandhi 's 20-point programme was supposed to regenerate India , which the Congress would cite to justify the Emergency . )
When Swamy wrote the piece in the Hindu , Vajpayee was India 's Prime Minister , who too was accused of seeking to work out a truce with Indira Gandhi . Swamy claimed Vajpayee too had written apology letters ( mark the use of plural ) to Indira Gandhi , who deigned to oblige him .
How ? Swamy provided the answer :
“ In fact for most of the 20-month Emergency , Mr Vajpayee was out on parole after having given a written assurance that he would not participate in any programmes against the Government . ”
In those days Swamy was still a long way from being rehabilitated in the BJP . He is also said to have nursed animus against Vajpayee . Given Swamy 's propensity to hurl unproven charges against his rivals – and the stature Vajpayee commanded post-Kargil – his accusation was ignored .
There is as yet no proof of Vajpayee having written apology letters to Mrs. Gandhi . But what we certainly know is that for much part of the Emergency , Vajpayee was n't in jail . He was either in hospital or convalescing at home on parole – but under house arrest .
This we now know through intrepid journalist Coomi Kapoor 's book , The Emergency : A Personal History , which was published last year . It is an account of how her extended family suffered during those dark 20 months . Her journalist-husband was arrested and her sister 's husband – Swamy himself – was chased as he crisscrossed the country in disguise . He , subsequently , winged his way to the United States , returned to India to memorably mock the Congress in the Rajya Sabha , and then left the country all over again . For writing the book , Kapoor interviewed Swamy .
Parole for Vajpayee
Vajpayee was arrested on the morning of June 26 in Bangalore . But within a few days he was admitted to the city 's Victoria Hospital , where he was operated for appendicitis . The prognosis had been wrong – Vajpayee was actually suffering from typhoid and , not surprisingly , septicaemia set in . His woes multiplied because a slipped-disc problem flared up .
Vajpayee was transferred to Delhi 's All India Institute of Medical Sciences , where he was assigned a room on the fifth floor and an operation on the slipped-disc was performed . He mostly lived in isolation . His foster-family had to go through a cumbersome procedure to meet Vajpayee , requiring them to make an application which would go all the way to the Prime Minister 's Office for clearance .
The isolation and hospital ambience must have been harrowing for Vajpayee who is known to have been fond of comfortable living . It could have made him write the apology letters that Swamy referred to in the Hindu piece . However , no letter of this kind has ever surfaced . Nor does Kapoor refer to any apology letters in her book .
But Kapoor does say that ,
“ eventually , because he was bedridden , Vajpayee was granted parole to stay at home . But his house on Ferozeshah Road was placed under constant surveillance . ”
Among the other irritants Vajpayee and his foster-family had to countenance , according to Kapoor 's account , was that few came to meet them . The neighbourhood cabstand drivers were reluctant to take them around as they feared interrogation .
Kapoor quotes Vajpayee 's foster-daughter , Namita Bhattacharya , as saying , “ We were treated as untouchables. ” Namita 's remark seems a hyperbole , for when many Opposition leaders were in jail , Vajpayee 's stay at home for most of those 20 months – the time-span evident from a careful reading of Kapoor 's book – must have been a luxury for those times . He was certainly not the doughty gladiator who battled against authoritarianism .
Yet what seems a mystery is that Kapoor did n't ask Swamy about the charges he levelled against Vajpayee 15 years before the book was published . It was presumably a slip-up . Or perhaps Swamy was n't willing to repeat the charge as he was back in the BJP . Or because Vajpayee was ailing , as he still continues to , it might have seemed impolite to even Swamy to do so .
Deoras 's praise for Indira
Kapoor , however , passes a withering verdict on RSS boss Deoras . As she notes ,
“ Ironically , Balasaheb Deoras , who was put in jail , did not play such a heroic role ( in contrast to RSS general secretary Madhavrao Mule and his deputy , Chaman Lal . ) From prison he sent several letters to Indira Gandhi praising her leadership , and these were perceived as a form of apology and a plea for pardon . ”
But what else could these letters have been other than worming his way to her ? Adept at imparting spin to even the most egregious of their follies , the RSS has tried to project Deoras ' letters as a tactical manoeuvre to protect , as Kapoor says , “ the interests of the organisation and its members . ”
But Kapoor 's narrative shows the lurch towards a compromise with Indira Gandhi extended beyond a handful in the RSS . After important RSS leaders like Nanaji Deshmukh and Dattopant Thengadi were arrested , Kapoor says ,
“ the morale of the men fighting the Emergency underground was shattered . Many more turned ‘ Twenty Pointers ' – paying obeisance to the Emergency powers , they declared their allegiance to Indira Gandhi 's Twenty Point Programme . ”
Shades of grey
But this should n't make us think that every RSS leader was prepared to surrender to Indira Gandhi . Neither Swamy nor Kapoor suggest this in their narratives . In fact , Swamy categorically noted ,
“ I must add that not all in the RSS were in a surrender mode . The exceptions were Madhavrao Muley , Dattopant Thengadi and Moropant Pingle . ”
But , quite damagingly , he said he was asked by none other than RSS general secretary Mule to leave the country the second time . Swamy wrote in the Hindu ,
“ A tearful Muley told me in early November 1976 that I had better escape abroad again since the RSS had finalised the document of surrender to be signed in end January of 1977 , and that on Mr Vajpayee 's insistence I would be sacrificed to appease an irate Indira… ”
There is no corroborative evidence to back Swamy 's claim . Yet it is an interesting thought whether Swamy still subscribes to what he wrote in the Hindu . Perhaps someone should tweet to him asking that .
Nevertheless , it is amply clear that the Sangh 's role in countering the Emergency was n't as it is made out today . As eminent political scientist Professor DL Sheth , who is Honorary Senior Fellow of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies , told Scroll in an interview last year ,
“ If you think how the Emergency was countered and resisted at several points , you wo n't find many BJP characters . They were on the margins of politics . ”
Kapoor claims that 25,000 RSS workers were detained and around 1,00,000 offered satyagraha . Since she does n't cite the source of her information , it can be presumed that these were RSS estimates . Assuming that the RSS did not inflate these numbers , one has to still take into account Sheth 's explanation for such high participation in the anti-Emergency movement :
“ If you look at the number of people who were jailed during the Emergency , they ( RSS ) must be the highest . They had the cadres – and their families were looked after by the organisation . Once a person was in the jail , he did n't face much problem there . It was n't as if they were being tortured . ”
This was because the mechanism of oppression was decentralised . Torture and interrogation took place at police stations , not in jails . As Sheth , who toured different parts of the country during those 20 months and post-Emergency , said ,
“ Those who were tortured at police stations were the ones organising everyday protests . In comparison , spending two-three months or years in jail was n't that bad . ”
In a tongue-in-cheek remark , he added ,
“ Somebody should write on their life there ! ” He was categorical that those who bore the brunt of the Emergency were “ socialists and civil society activists , people who were dissenters . ”
It does seem a travesty that apology-seeking Sangh leaders have projected themselves as the most spirited warriors against the Emergency . This projection is linked to their failure to convince the nation of having played a significant role in the freedom movement . VD Sarvarkar , who conceptualised the philosophy of Hindutva – which has been the Sangh 's lodestar - is no longer remembered outside RSS circles as a revolutionary , but as one who wrote craven letters of apologies to the British , offered to work with them in 1939 , and inspired Nathuram Godse and his comrades to assassinate Mahatma Gandhi .
The anti-Emergency movement absolved the Sangh of their past sins . From the margins of Indian politics , it rode the Jayaprakash Narayan-led movement to its very centre . For the first time since the birth of the RSS in 1925 , it was provided an event which it could celebrate and memorialise without anyone charging it of patently unethical conduct . The exaggeration of their real role in opposing the Emergency has continued to grow .
It has achieved this because the socialists either faded away or quarrelled and split apart or simply became caste leaders . This is why there is no pressure on the RSS to clarify who among its leaders offered to surrender to Indira Gandhi , nor a counter-narrative challenging its claims of having participated robustly , on a mammoth scale , in the movement which put Indian democracy back on the rails .
( Ajaz Ashraf is a journalist in Delhi . His novel , The Hour Before Dawn , has as its backdrop the demolition of the Babri Masjid . It is available in bookstores . )
When Rising Star Games released Deadly Premonition : The Director 's Cut for the PC last month , the port of the Twin Peaks-esque cult favorite horror game had some serious issues . Chief among them was the fact that the game 's resolution was , highly atypically for a PC game , locked to 720p .
The outcry was immediate and vocal .
`` Face palm through my skull , '' said one poster on the NeoGAF message board . `` Damnit , '' said another .
But in spite of their outrage , many users expressed hope for a savior to come to their aid . `` You on it , Durante ? '' asked one user . Like a Batsignal , the call was out .
The answer came less than an hour later . `` I should be able to fix this . ''
The post came from Peter Thoman , better known by the handle Durante . A 29-year-old from Austria with a Ph.D. in computer science , Thoman first gained online notoriety in 2012 when he fixed a similar resolution issue with Namco Bandai 's PC port of its role-playing game Dark Souls . With Deadly Premonition 's PC version looking like a similar hackjob , players hoped Durante would do what the game 's publisher would not .
Sure enough , within 24 hours of the game 's release on Steam , Thoman had uploaded `` DPfix 0.1 alpha , '' a patch that allowed Deadly Premonition players to manually adjust the game 's resolution . Thoman tells WIRED that his process involves intercepting and logging the graphic rendering calls between the game and DirectX , then locating and adjusting the resolution buffer . In layman 's terms , he reverse-engineers from the graphical output , rather than the game 's source code , a way to adjust the resolution , wrapping up the fix into a convenient zip file .
`` My primary motivation , '' Thoman said , `` is because I do n't like playing games at low resolution . ''
When the news of Dark Souls ' locked resolution first came out , Thoman said he was incredulous . `` I posted on GAF multiple times about how I could n't believe that the game will be resolution locked , how silly that would be and how it must be a translation error , '' he said later in a NeoGAF post . `` When I was proven wrong about that , and some people made up long reasons for why such a lock could be in place , I was irked . Someone was wrong on the internet , and it fell to me to set them straight . ''
Thoman 's patches proved his point : There was nothing that required the games to be locked to a low resolution . But Thoman did n't stop there . Since the original Premonition patch had broken a few things , he worked on fixing them . Then he started including options for adding anti-aliasing and increasing the rendering resolution of reflections , something he says improves the quality of the game 's depth-of-field effects .
`` I also added the option to replace textures , '' he said , `` which allows other modders to make really interesting stuff , like high-resolution texture packs or other user-interface modifications . I always really like letting people do that . ''
Rising Star Games ' Deadly Premonition ran at a low resolution on PC ( as in the mirror at left ) , but displays well with Durante 's fix ( right ) . Image : Peter Thoman
Thoman estimates he spent more than 70 hours patching the game in the two weeks following its release . The most recent DPfix release fixed pixel offset errors that occurred at higher resolutions , fixed anti-aliasing when it was not being correctly applied , added improved depth-of-field effects , and added an option for screen space ambient occlusion .
But if Thoman was able to crank out a fix so quickly , why has n't Rising Star created an official patch yet ?
Hidetaka `` Swery65 '' Suehiro , the game 's director , tweeted an acknowledgement of the issues shortly after launch . Rising Star Games noted that a patch is on the way , but that adding in support for gamepad controllers ( another major omission ) would be its first priority .
( Rising Star declined to comment on this story . )
Thoman says the difference between his fixes and official patches are primarily an issue of quality assurance . `` When I write and program something , I make sure I did n't make any obvious errors , and then I just release it , '' Thoman told WIRED . `` If it works for 90 percent of people , I already consider that a success . ''
From there , Thoman starts working for that other 10 percent , but he says that there 's probably one percent of people that he will never be able to help . If he were in charge of a commercial product rather than a fan-made patch , he 'd have a responsibility to make sure whatever he released worked for everyone and did n't break anything .
Still , it makes you wonder why companies would release such slapdash products in the first place . Thoman says that in his opinion , Dark Souls and Deadly Premonition were n't really broken – they just went from game consoles to the PC without any enhancements . PC games do n't sell very well in Japan , he says , so when it comes time for a Japanese company to port a game to PC , they often underestimate what PC gamers expect in the way of features .
The community clearly appreciates Durante 's efforts . `` Deadly Premonition will soon be the best example of how a community can help improve the quality of a game , '' said one NeoGAF user .
Another GAF user even suggested he sell his services in the future to a Japanese company planning to port a game to PC . But while Thoman says he is intrigued by the ability to work with a game 's source code rather than having to reverse-engineer a solution , he 's happy in his day job as a university post-doc and is n't terribly interested in the logistics of making something like that happen . For him , fixing companies ' crappy PC ports will stay a hobby .
`` I do this for fun , '' he said . `` The more you do it as work , the less it will seem like fun . ''
Danish restaurant Noma has regained its crown as the world 's best restaurant after being knocked off its perch last year by a Spanish rival .
The two Michelin star restaurant in Copenhagen was toppled in The World 's 50 Best Restaurants Awards in 2013 after three consecutive years at the top by El Celler de Can Roca , a Spanish family restaurant , but has now had its title restored .
The 45-seat restaurant in a dockside warehouse , which is headed by chef René Redzepi , is famous for its focus on reinvented , seasonal Nordic cuisine , and features unusual ingredients sourced from the local landscape , such as reindeer moss and cod liver . Last March , it hit the headlines for rather less savoury reasons after over 60 diners fell ill with food poisoning after eating there .
Mr Redzepi said : `` We did n't expect it at all , we thought we had had our moment on this list . I know that for the team , this is the biggest moment .
`` We came in here expecting nothing . The newspapers said Noma is over . We have a moment that is mind-boggling . ''
Noma : famous for its take on Nordic food ( ALAMY )
The UK 's highest entry in the list was Heston Blumenthal 's Dinner , at the Hyde Park Mandarin Oriental hotel in London , which moved up two places to the fifth spot . Notting Hill restaurant The Ledbury moved up three places to number 10 .
Twenty-eight restaurants within the top 50 were European , while seven were American and another seven in Asia .
Organised annually by Restaurant Magazine , The World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards are voted for by over 900 industry experts , and are considered an alternative to the more established Michelin rankings .
Read : Exclusive interview with Noma 's Rene Redzepi
See : The top 25 restaurants in pictures
The top 50 restaurants
1 . Noma , Copenhagen , Denmark
2 . El Celler de Can Roca , Girona , Spain
3 . Osteria Francescana , Modena , Italy
4 . Eleven Madison Park , New York , USA
5 . Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , London , UK
6 . Mugaritz , San Sebastián , Spain
7 . D.O.M , São Paulo , Brazil
8 . Arzak , San Sebastian , Spain
9 . Alinea , Chicago , USA
10 . The Ledbury , London , UK
11 . Mirazur , Menton , France
12 . Vendome , Bergisch Gladbach , Germany
13 . Nahm , Bangkok , Thailand
14 . Narisawa , Tokyo , Japan
15 . Central , Lima , Peru
16 . Steirereck , Vienna , Austria
17 . Gaggan , Bangkok , Thailand
18 . Astrid y Gastón , Lima , Peru
19 . Fäviken Järpen , Sweden
20 . Pujol , Mexico City , Mexico
21 . Le Bernardin , New York , USA
22 . Vila Joya , Albufeira , Portugal
23 . Restaurant Frantzén , Stockholm , Sweden
24 . Amber , Hong Kong , China
25 . L'Arpège , Paris , France
26 . Azuermendi , Larrabetzu , Spain
27 . Le Chateaubriand , Paris , France
28 . Aqua , Wolfsburg , Germany
29 . De Libreije , Zwolle , Netherlands
30 . Per Se , New York , USA
31 . L'Atelier Saint-Germain de Joël Robuchon , Paris , France
32 . Attica , Melbourne , Australia
33 . Nihonryori RyuGin , Tokyo , Japan
34 . Asador Etxebarri , Atxondo , Spain
35 . Martin Beragategui , San Sebastian , Spain
36 . Mani , São Paulo , Brazil
37 . Restaurant Andrew , Singapore
38 . L'Astrance , Paris , France
39 . Piazza Duomo , Alba , Italy
40 . Daniel , New York , USA
41 . Quique Dacosta , Denia , Spain
42 . Geranium , Copenhagen , Denmark
43 . Schloss Schauenstein , Furstenau , Switzerland
44 . The French Laundry , Yountville , USA
45 . Hof Van Cleve , Kruishoutem , Belgium
46 . Le Calandre , Rubano , Italy
47 . The Fat Duck , Bray , UK
48 . The Test Kitchen , Cape Town , South Africa
49 . Coi , San Francisco , USA
50 . Waku Ghin , Singapore
Jim McKelvey Cofounder of Square & Founder of Director of LaunchCode Alexander Sjögren Chief Technology Officer at YellowPepper , a pioneer in Mobile Banking and Payments in Latin America . Alidad Aidi MasterCard Innovations , Bio Coming Soon Joshua Unseth Co-organizer of the South Florida Bitcoin Meetup , and director of marketing at Alarm Grid . Soon
Smartphone ubiquity coming to a town near you , merging our physical world to our digital presence .
Of course we do n't have to tell you this ; you woke up , checked and replied to email , updated your self on world events , and paid for your pumpkin spiced latte with your Starbucks App .
I know -mind blown- , well maybe not . We all expect the tiny device in our pocket to do just about anything and everything .
This months Refresh will focus on the future of mobile payments .
We 'll discuss :
BitCoin
Apple Pay
Square Payments
NFC Payment options
What credit card companies are doing to innovate .
And much more .
Panelist
We 've been able to secure some great panelist for this event .
Square : Jim Mckelvey – Cofounder of Square & Founder of Director of LaunchCode .
: Jim Mckelvey – Cofounder of Square & Founder of Director of LaunchCode . Master Card Innovations : To discuss their recent partnership with Apple and the future of Apple Pay .
To discuss their recent partnership with Apple and the future of Apple Pay . CitiBank Mobile : Innovations and the future of mobile banking API 's
Innovations and the future of mobile banking API 's Yellow Pepper : Leading the mobile banking and payments revolution in Latin America .
Leading the mobile banking and payments revolution in Latin America . Local Bitcoin Expert ( to be announced shortly ) : Discussing Bitcoin and its greater role in Mobile payments and banking .
Discount Codes
Code : student
> This code has always been available but we 're now making sure everyone knows it . If your a K-12 , College or University student , it 's on us . Join us and see what we 're all about for free !
Thomas Joel - Tuesday , December 01 , 2015
We are very excited to announce the forthcoming publication of Foundations of Chinese Civilization : The Yellow Emperor to the Han Dynasty ( 2697 BCE–220 CE ) , the first book in the five-volume Understanding China Through Comics series .
Click on the sample pages below to enlarge
Currently in production , Foundations of Chinese Civilization will be released in April of 2016 and is the first entry in a new Stone Bridge Press series focused on introducing compelling stories from talented comic and graphic novel artists from China , Hong Kong , and Taiwan .
How often have you read about China in the news , but been mystified as to what was really going on ? Or maybe you learned about China in school , but still ca n't distinguish between the different dynasties . This book changes everything .
We 'll be working with author Jing Liu to create a resource adults and children alike can use to learn more about China . Not only does this comic-style history teach you dates and major historical figures , it also answers in a fun and informative way fundamental questions like :
Who founded China ?
Are Chinese people religious ?
What is Chinese culture ?
Who was Confucius and why does he still matter today ?
We first learned about Jing and his work after he self-published the Understanding China Through Comics series on Amazon 's CreateSpace . Jing is working with us to revise the art and script in each volume . We 're looking forward to sharing these new and improved editions with even more readers .
As the first volume nears completion we 'll be sharing previews of Jing 's art , as well as more information about future volumes . Keep our site bookmarked or follow us on Twitter or Facebook to stay up to date .
You can preorder the Foundations of Chinese Civilization directly from Stone Bridge Press or from Barnes & Noble and Amazon .
TUCSON , Ariz. – University of Arizona redshirt sophomore receiver Cayleb Jones is the Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Week , it was announced by the league office on Monday .
On a closing-second Hail Mary TD reception , Arizona rallied back from a 22-point deficit to defeat the California Golden Bears , 49-45 , Saturday night at Arizona Stadium . The Wildcats moved to 4-0 for the first time in head coach Rich Rodriguez 's tenure and 1-0 in Pac-12 play . UA is now 20-10 under Rodriguez in 3+ seasons .
Jones , in just his fourth game as a Wildcat , finished with 13 receptions for 186 yards and three touchdowns . Jones ' 13 receptions , No . 5 nationally , are second-most in UA single game history and the most in a game since 1996 .
His 186 receiving yards ( No . 13 nationally ) rank No . 12 in single-game history . Jones tied seven other players with three receiving TDs as single-game school record and is tied for the NCAA lead in the category .
Jones had nine catches for 127 yards and three touchdowns in the second half alone and hauled in five catches for 59 yards and two scores in the fourth quarter . Nine of Jones ' 13 receptions resulted in a first down or touchdown .
On the season , Jones totals 29 catches for 475 yards ( No . 5 nationally ) and six touchdowns ( second nationally ) , leading the heralded Wildcat receiving corps . He averages 118.8 yards per game ( No . 9 nationally ) and 16.4 yards per catch . His touchdown receptions have been catches of 85 , 22 , 24 , 41 , 16 and 15 yards for an average of 33.8 yards per score .
After a bye week , Arizona will play its first Pac-12 road contest at Oregon on Thurs , Oct. 2 . Slated for 7:30 p.m. MST , the game will be televised by ESPN and carried on the Arizona IMG Sports Radio Network .
For continued coverage of Arizona football , follow the team on Facebook at facebook.com/ArizonaFootball and on Twitter @ ArizonaFBall .
Five Reasons ‘ Arrow ' Is n't As Good As It Used To Be
I want to start this article with a giant disclaimer : I love Arrow ( check out my Twitter for proof , as about half my posts are somehow Arrow related ) . To this day , I have n't missed an episode ( even though it almost lost me during season three ) . Granted it was n't the first DC television show ever created , it was definitely the most influential in terms of universe expansion , as its success led to The Flash and ( probably ) Gotham , whose success in turn led to Legends of Tomorrow and Supergirl , and now Black Lightning . Even Marvel 's Netflix series Daredevil seems to have taken some inspiration from the CW 's dark , grounded superhero drama .
With that being said , I sadly have to admit that after season two , Arrow ‘ s quality has declined significantly ; and it 's not just my opinion , it seems to be the general consensus among Arrow fans over the age of 13 . I still watch on a regular basis , and while season four has seen a slight improvement over its horrendous season three , it still is not living up to the standards it set for itself in seasons one and two , and unfortunately it probably never will . Check out the next few pages for my top five gripes with Arrow , and why I believe it is n't as good as it used to be .
So a few days ago I had the opportunity to meet up with Raymond Thian , co-founder or 28spin.com , who just got back from AP2013 with a couple of prototypes . On of them piqued my interest , as it seemed to have very narrow rims . I picked it up , admiring it 's unconventional design . “ It 's the Prototype Draupnir , ” said Ray . “ From YYR . Do n't ding it. ” I just swallowed , and nodded in acknowledgement .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Specs ( from yoyorecreation.jp ) :
Diameter : 57mm
Width : 43mm
Weight : 63.5g
Response : Large Slim 1.1mm or 0.9mm
Bearing : Size C
* disclaimer : this review is based upon the prototype and may not be representative of the final product . *
As seen in the pictures , the yo-yo seems to have a thinner rim than most yo-yos . It 's shape seems reminiscent of some of C3yoyodesign 's newer yo-yos , particularly the Movitation . I 'm not sure if the bearing is standard , as it was what came with the yo-yo when Ray lent it to me .
On a throw , the first thing you realize is that it 's very light and niffy . YYR 's site puts the weight at 63.5 grams , so it 's squarely in the lightweight category . The lack of rim weight however , did not seem to affect the yo-yo 's horizontal/off-axis stability , as I had no trouble completing any of my horizontal tricks . It does , however , seem to not spin as strongly over time , so I had to be delicate towards the end of some of my long combos . And , as like any other YYR product , it is ungodly smooth and virtually vibe-free .
To conclude , if you like playing fast and do n't mind yo-yos that feel light , this yo yo will suit you well . If not , well…maybe something else then , eh ?
Advertisements
Gold winning athlete Betina Temelkova , who represented Israel and won medals for the state in multiple Judo tournaments , is expected to be deported from Israel later this month after her visa expires—despite Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev personally asking Interior Minister Aryeh Deri to grant her citizenship .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Temelkova , 20 , who won first place at the Half Lightweight 48–52 kg division of the Tashkent Judo Grand Prix 2017 , emigrated from Bulgaria to be with her partner , Israeli Judoka Baruch Shmailov , and has been living in Israel for over two and a half years .
She received an extension of her visa two months ago to participate in the European Championship , where she finished second .
Betina Temelkova ( Photo : Oren Aharoni )
The extension also allowed her to compete in the European Championship , which will take place next week in Montenegro , but it will expire on November 13 , the day after she returns to Israel from the tournament .
Later this month Tamelkova is scheduled to take off again with the Israeli national team to a three-week training camp in Japan , but she may have to give that up seeing that she will be staying in Israel illegally by that point .
Temelkova with her partner , Baruch Shmailov ( Photo : Facebook )
`` Betty has a very difficult problem , '' said coach of the Israeli women 's Judo team , Shani Hershko . `` Next week she will be deported from Israel and there is currently no solution . Everyone gave her their words and promises , but at the moment her visa is just expiring . ''
`` Poor thing is under such terrible pressure , it 's crazy , '' Hershko stressed , noting this is happening even though `` she brought great achievements to the state and a lot of respect . ''
L to R : Temelkova , Hershko and Israeli silver medalist Timna Nelson Levy ( Photo : IJL )
`` Betina Temelkova and her partner have been scheduled to renew their visas in two weeks ' time , at their request , between two consecutive trips , '' the Population and Immigration Authority said in response .
`` In light of the fact that thousands of couples in Israel are making an appointment to extend the foreign spouse 's visa , we wonder about their claims , especially when the couple addresses the matter at the last minute .
FILE -In this June 27 , 2017 file photo , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. steps out of the West Wing of the White House in Washington to speak with the media after he and other Senate Republicans met with President Donald Trump . President Donald Trump raised the possibility Thursday , Aug. 10 , 2017 , that McConnell should step down if he ca n't muscle health care and other legislation through the Senate , taking an extraordinary swipe at the man with the most power to steer the White House agenda through the chamber . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump escalated a stunning feud against his top Senate partner Thursday , suggesting Majority Leader Mitch McConnell might have to think about stepping aside if he does n't deliver on the president 's agenda of health care , taxes and infrastructure .
Trump called McConnell 's failure to pass an “ Obamacare ” repeal last month “ a disgrace. ” Asked if McConnell should consider stepping aside or retiring , an outcome some conservatives are openly clamoring for , the president 's response was far from a vote of confidence .
“ Well I tell you what , if he does n't get repeal and replace done and if he does n't get taxes done , meaning cuts and reform , and if he does n't get a very easy one to get done , infrastructure , if he does n't get them done , then you can ask me that question , ” the president told reporters in Bedminster , New Jersery , where he is in the midst of a 17-day break from Washington .
Trump later added that he is “ very disappointed in Mitch ” but would be the first to praise him if legislation begins moving , once again presenting himself as a passive observer in the process rather than a dealmaker with the presidential pulpit .
There was no immediate response from McConnell 's office .
A sitting president openly turning on a Senate majority leader of his own party in such a fashion is practically unheard of — yet another norm destroyed since Trump 's rise on the political scene . And while the fighting words might elate Trump 's core supporters , they can only hurt broader Republican efforts to move major legislation this fall on taxes and spending while preparing for congressional elections next year where energized Democrats are rallying to retake the House . Republicans control both chambers , but the Trump factor in many races remains a mystery .
Trump 's comments came after he spent two days slamming McConnell on Twitter , writing Thursday morning that after “ screaming ” about repealing and replacing “ Obamacare ” for seven years , McConnell “ could n't get it done. ” Several hours later , the president 's tone took a motivational turn as he exhorted McConnell to “ get back to work ” and pass bills . “ You can do it ! ”
The presidential megaphone amplified the McConnell-bashing that 's been snaking through conservative media : Breitbart News , Fox News ' Sean Hannity and radio host Rush Limbaugh are among those who have vilified the leader after the Senate 's failure on health care late last month . They represent a segment of the Republican electorate , including some major donors , who are out to punish what they see as a “ do-nothing Congress ” that has hampered the president 's goals .
McConnell is “ a coward who leads from behind , ” ″spineless , ” and a lifelong “ political animal ” of the sort Trump wants to eject from Washington , said Doug Deason , a major donor based in Texas . Deason said he decided months ago not to give money to any Republicans up for re-election next year unless they can pass Trump 's priorities .
Trump and his supporters love such political brawls , and the McConnell flare-up potentially shores up the president 's base at a time when it is showing signs of weakening support . But other Republicans saw Trump 's moves as counterproductive .
Even Newt Gingrich , a Trump backer and informal adviser who formerly served as speaker of the House , criticized the dispute .
“ You saw Mitch McConnell say something , you saw Trump say something , when it 's obviously better for them to learn not to do that , ” Gingrich said . “ They have to work together . Governing is a team sport . ”
After the failure on health care , McConnell and other Republican leaders , including top White House economic officials , are determined to move on to overhauling the tax code with the hope of passing cuts by the end of the year — a daunting challenge . McConnell has made clear he has little interest in revisiting the health care fight .
Trump , 71 , and McConnell , 75 , have never been easy allies , even though the senator 's wife , Elaine Chao , is the president 's transportation secretary . McConnell only met Trump for the first time in 2013 , when he made a pilgrimage to Trump Tower in New York to ask the businessman for campaign money .
But McConnell quickly boarded the Trump train once the mogul secured the GOP nomination , and unlike House Speaker Paul Ryan and others , he never wavered . He 's paid numerous visits to the White House and traveled with Trump in March to Louisville . That Trump rally predated all of Congress ' attempts to redo health care , and the president urged the crowd to “ be nice ” to McConnell .
Fast forward to August , with the Senate on recess after the collapse of the GOP health care bill .
McConnell touched a nerve by telling an audience in his home state that Trump had “ not been in this line of work before ” and had “ excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process . ”
What followed was a “ tense ” phone call between the two men , according to a person familiar with the exchange but not authorized to speak publicly about a private discussion , and then a presidential Twitter screed .
Brent Bozell , a longtime McConnell detractor and president of the conservative social media group For America , said the Senate leader had made a ridiculous argument that will haunt him .
“ By calling President Trump a political neophyte , McConnell is saying that Trump does n't understand that Congress does n't keep its promises , ” Bozell said . “ This is exactly why Trump won — to shake up Washington , and that includes Republicans . ”
And yet , in opening a door he might want to try to shove McConnell out of , Trump once against demonstrated his naivete in Washington 's ways . A Senate majority leader is elected by members of his own conference , and McConnell has plenty of support within his , regardless of anything Trump may say about it .
Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , a senior lawmaker and vocal Trump backer , said on Twitter that McConnell “ has been the best leader we 've had in my time in the Senate , through very tough challenges . I fully support him . ”
___
AP writer Jonathan Lemire in Bedminster , New Jersey , contributed to this report .
59 Pages Posted : 26 Nov 2016 Last revised : 16 Nov 2018
There are 5 versions of this paper
Date Written : November 1 , 2018
Abstract
We study voters ' response to criminal justice policies by exploiting a natural experiment . The Italian collective pardon , promoted and implemented by the national government in 2006 , unexpectedly released about one third of the prison population . The collective pardon law created idiosyncratic incentives to recidivate across pardoned individuals . Municipalities where resident pardoned individuals had a higher incentive to recidivate experienced a higher recidivism rate . We show that in those municipalities voters `` punished '' the incumbent national government in the 2008 parliamentary elections . In particular , our estimates suggest that , in an average municipality , an additional crime by pardoned individuals led to a drop of 272 votes ( 1.77 % of eligible voters ) for the incumbent national government relative to the opposition coalition . We also provide evidence of newspapers being more likely to report crime news involving pardoned individuals and of voters hardening their views on the incumbent national government 's ability to control crime . Our findings indicate that voters keep politicians accountable by conditioning their vote on the perceived effects of public policies .
The Seattle Mariners enter the 2014 season with the usual level of hope that is part of any baseball season . With the signing of Robinson Cano , there is perhaps a greater sense of expectation for the Mariners to rack up a few more wins .
Many questions remain . Can Felix Hernandez continue to pitch effectively ? Will Hisashi Iwakuma bounce back from injury ? Could Taijuan Walker finally live up to the hype ? Can Corey Hart still hit ? Will Dustin Ackley , Brad Miller or Mike Zunino take the next step ?
When you look at the last few years of this franchise , the win totals are hardly spectacular . They are as follows :
2013 71-91
2012 75-87
2011 67-95
2010 61-101
Based on the results of 2010-2012 , the Mariners were supposed to take the next step in 2013 . Unfortunately , the mighty M 's took a small step back . Hardly evidence that the long-term building project is working . Perhaps this heightened the urgency to sign a player like Cano .
Now that the Seattle Seahawks have won their first Super Bowl , there is a renewed excitement about the teams in the Emerald City . Will that energy carry over into the baseball season , or will the Mariners quickly squelch the enthusiasm and make fans wish for the football season to come in earnest ?
Time for the readers to weigh in and answer this poll :
How many games will the Seattle Mariners win in 2014 ? 100 or more
95-99
90-94
85-89
80-84
75-79
70-74
65-69
60-64
Less than 60 View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Give us your thoughts on why you picked your number and enjoy the season !
Please like us on Facebook and follow-on Twitter
GARDEN CITY , Kan. — Finney County authorities say a freelance photographer working for National Geographic was arrested and briefly detained after he shot pictures of a feedlot near Garden City while on a paraglider .
George Steinmetz , of Glen Ridge , N.J. , and his paraglider instructor , Wei Zhang , of Beijing , China , were arrested for misdemeanor criminal trespass on June 28 after flying over the feedlot . The Hutchinson News reports they were held briefly in the Finney County jail before each paid a $ 270 bond and were released .
Finney County Sheriff Kevin Bascue says Steinmetz and Zhang did n't have permission to launch their paraglider from private property and they did n't tell anyone they were going to take photos from the air .
National Geographic spokeswoman Beth Foster says the organization does n't believe Steinmetz broke the law .
The USA is an easy and unforgettable place to take a road trip . The roads are wide and smooth , there are a huge variety of things to see and do , the views are spectacular and ever-changing , things are well signposted and places are safe and accessible . For many people , driving across the USA is a bucket list item and it really can be the trip of a lifetime .
Having spent the last two months driving from Miami to Los Angeles , here are some of the things I learned that made my life that little bit easier :
1 . Starbucks Awake tea is the closest you 're going to get to the real thing .
As Brits on the road , we can kid ourselves that we wo n't miss tea but when the cravings hit , Awake tea is the closest you 'll get to a good old fashioned British cuppa . Just remember to ask them to leave room for milk or you 'll end up with your cup full to the brim .
2 . Buy a good road atlas , a marker pen and a highlighter .
Whether you arrived in the country with a master plan or only a vague notion of your route , you will certainly need these three items . On the first day , sit down with your marker pen and circle all the places you want to visit – this will make it easier to plan a route and to see which ones just are n't going to work . As you travel , highlight the route you took . It helps you keep track of your progress and makes the atlas a great road trip souvenir .
3 . Book your accommodation at least one night in advance .
For those planning to travel ‘ on the fly ' , remember that many motel offices close early ( ish ) in the USA , leaving the bigger , more expensive , chain hotels as your only option for finding accommodation at night . At the very least , sit down each evening with your map and make an outline plan for the next day , including finding and booking your accommodation for the night . That way , even if you get distracted and do n't turn up until midnight , at least you 'll know you have somewhere to sleep .
4 . You will need to pre-pay for gas when you fill your car at a gas station .
Almost all gas stations in the USA utilise Pay at the Pump technology . However , if you are using a credit card that does not have a US billing address , you wo n't be able to use it . Pull up to the pump , go inside to the cashier and pay them for the gas you think you 'll need . They 'll authorise the pump for that amount , allowing you to fill your car . If you overestimated , you can always go back in and ask for the extra to be refunded but you 'll be amazed at how quickly you 'll get good at estimating the exact cost of filling your tank !
5 . Make your first stop WalMart to buy wipes , zip lock bags and hand sanitiser .
Even if you 're planning on staying in decent hotels , spending more than a few weeks on the road means that you will inevitably accumulate things . Having bin bags , zip lock bags , antibacterial wipes or sanitiser to hand makes storage , disposal and clean ups easier .
6 . Starbucks , MacDonalds and lots of shopping malls have free Wi-Fi .
We are used to being connected 24/7 but achieving that in a foreign country can be very expensive . If you want to upload pictures to Facebook or check your e-mails , remember that plenty of places now offer free Wi-Fi . Sometimes you have to engage with an advert to access it but Starbucks and MacDonalds are not the only places offering a free connection : also try other coffee houses and fast food restaurants as well as larger tourist attractions and anywhere where truckers stop .
7 . There are a lot of restrooms available .
The Interstate system is pretty well served by a network of Rest Areas and these are generally clearly marked in road atlases , allowing you to plan your stops . Be aware that the frequency and quality of these Rest Areas varies from state to state so check when crossing borders . Supermarkets and gas stations generally have decent restroom facilities as well as coffee shops and shopping centres .
8 . Bring your iPod and load it with a wide variety .
The quality of the radio reception can vary dramatically , especially outside of towns and cities . Most rental cars now have an auxiliary jack where you can plug in a music player so make sure that you fill your iPod with your guilty pleasures as well as your hottest new find . Podcasts and audiobooks are also great when you have long distances to cover . Make sure you bring a variety , as you 'll soon get tired of that Road Trip playlist you made before you came no matter how much you thought you 'd love it !
9 . Talk to people and ask them what they think .
Talk to the cashier in gas stations , the wait staff in the coffee house and the people sitting beside you at the diner . Ask them if there 's anything local that is worth a visit – you 'll be amazed at the things that are suggested that often turn out to be the highlight of your trip !
10 . Remember that almost every journey takes significantly longer than Google Maps says it will .
Yes , time spent walking around National Parks and visiting landmarks is relatively easy to take into account but the things that will eat into your time unexpectedly are searching for somewhere to stop for a drink because you really need to go the toilet , sitting on a bench in a shopping mall while you check Facebook , Twitter and e-mails , pottering around WalMart marvelling at the variety of items on offer when all you came in for was shampoo , chatting to an elderly couple you met at a Scenic Lookout who want to give you advice about where to visit in the next town etc . Always add a couple of hours into a day for these ‘ lost hours ' .
Advertisements
Sen. Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer ' Feinstein 'sad ' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE ( D-Calif. ) on Sunday expressed doubts that new rounds of economic sanctions would change Russia 's aggressive posture toward Ukraine .
“ I 'm not sure they will work . I 'm not sure that shakes the people that much , ” Feinstein said on NBC 's “ Meet the Press . “ People say , ‘ Well , just wait till the sanctions bite and the economy slips . ' I do n't think so . ”
She said “ it 's the people that have to be spoken to . And it 's their solitary leader , [ Russian President ] Vladimir Putin , who has to be spoken to . ”
There ought to be “ direct discussions ” with Putin , according to Feinstein , the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Putin is “ the singular figure in Russia , ” she said . “ I think there ought to be steps taken to send people , to talk with him , to have our secretary of State talk with him personally . ”
The Obama administration late Saturday commended the European Council for readying additional sanctions against Russia over its movement of troops and equipment across the Ukrainian border last week .
Michael McFaul , the former U.S. ambassador to Russia , said that “ a deal is ready to be made . ”
“ But Putin has to want to negotiate . And so far , I think it 's very clear , that he does n't want to negotiate , ” he said . Putin “ thinks he can advance his interests through military means on the ground . ”
The ex-diplomat said a solution could see Ukraine stand up a more decentralized government in the pro-Russia , eastern part of the country and accept Russian as the official language in the region .
“ I think the government in Kiev would be willing to negotiate along those lines , ” according to McFaul . But `` Putin is n't ready to negotiate , ” he added .
Feinstein said she believes the conflict with Ukraine is “ deeply personal ” for Putin .
“ I think he 's calling the shots himself . And he 's enjoying intensely high favorability in his country , ” she said . “ I think if Russians follow him , and up to date , they are following him , the Russians are very brave and very long-suffering . And they will tough out any economic difficulty . ”
Up to 1.8 Million Iraqis nationwide have been displaced since January 2014
Erbil , 30 August 2014 : A comprehensive count carried out jointly by the Kurdistan Region Government ( KRG ) and the United Nations indicates that some 850,000 Iraqis have been displaced and sought refuge in all three Kurdistan Region Governorates since January 2014 . According to the Kurdistan Region Ministry of Planning and the International Organisation for Migration ( IOM ) the vast majority of the recently displaced people – 64 per cent - have sought refuge in the Duhok Governorate .
Of the 1.8M Iraqis displaced nationwide , it is estimated that over 600,000 people were displaced this month alone . This increase is due to an upsurge of violence in various parts of the country , particularly Ninewa , Diyala and Anbar .
The latest figures compiled by the KRG under the leadership of the Minister of Planning and IOM 's Displacement Tracking Matrix , show that the displaced population are now living in more than 1,000 sites in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq alone .
The latest waves of IDPs to the KR-I , more than 850,000 in 2014 , plus some 216,000 Syrian refugees registered by the UN Refugee Agency ( UNHCR ) , and previous large population movements of around 335,000 which took place prior to 2014 , brings the total number of people who sought refuge in the KR-I to 1.4 million . These latest waves add to the very heavy burden borne by the people and government of the KR-I .
Duhok Governorate 's seven districts now host over half a million people seeking shelter , food , water , medicine and protection after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) seized territory in Sinjar and neighbouring communities prompting them to flee . Since August , 89 per cent of all displaced in the KR-I went to the Duhok Governorate .
Due to the rapid influx of people and their wide dispersal throughout the KR-I , it has been difficult for the regional government and UN agencies to quickly conduct an accurate count of the displaced population . While this first count provides a much-needed level of accuracy , the Ministry of Planning will conduct a full survey of the affected governorates in the coming months that will provide greater details on the situation and the needs of the displaced people . The UN will be closely associated to this operation , providing material and financial support .
“ This is a first but crucial step in the process of bringing life-saving aid to communities in desperate need of assistance . The KRG is swiftly evaluating the situation to see what can be done with our partners . In the coming weeks we will have a clearer strategy but the reality is that challenges are immense . For now , we will continue establishing camps for as many displaced people as possible , ” said Dr. Ali Sindi , Kurdistan Region Minister of Planning .
The UN is supporting the Iraqi government and the KRG in delivering emergency aid and is scaling up its efforts to meet the needs of the displaced throughout Iraq .
`` This is a challenging operation and the United Nations , and its NGO partners , are fully committed to meeting that challenge . Thousands of tons of relief supplies have already been delivered and hundreds of staff deployed . The humanitarian response is difficult due to security concerns and the massive and rapid influx of displaced but our efforts have been greatly aided by the splendid cooperation and leadership of the KRG and the many residents who have taken in displaced families by the tens of thousands . This displaced crisis is as complex as the displacement that occurred in 1991 and it will require a sustained sense of urgency by all authorities and the international community to organize and deliver the large scale assistance that is needed , '' said Kevin Kennedy , the United Nations Deputy Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq .
Contact : Louis Belanger on +964 7503770849
Authors : Kurdistan Regional Government , UNOCHA
Owners of an old-school soda shop in St. Paul , Minn. , are being warned to kick the habit and stop stocking novelty candy cigarettes .
City inspectors threatened a misdemeanor citation and $ 500 fine if Lynden 's soda fountain is caught selling the fake smokes again . The Star Tribune reported Wednesday that the offering violated an ordinance barring the sale of candy smokes and cartoon character lighters .
A city spokesman says the warning came after inspectors received and looked into a complaint about the presence of the tobacco-themed products . The ordinance was enacted to discourage youngsters from picking up a real smoking habit .
Shop owner Tobi Lynden says the white candy sticks with the red tips were her best-selling candy item but she pulled them to avoid running afoul of the ordinance .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Earlier today , the Country Deserves Better PAC concluded its nationwide “ Stop Obama ” tour with a press conference at the National Press Club in downtown Washington DC . The speakers — who included a conservative talk radio host , a Marine mom , and the singer of a Sarah Palin tribute song entitled “ Sarah Smile ” — and their supporters gave voice to all of the paranoias that have come to grip the conservative base in the closing days of the campaign . Obama is an authoritarian thug who will deny First Amendment rights if he is made president ; he attacks anyone who speaks against him ; he will put the country at risk of terrorist attack ; he will make America a socialist state ; he wants to give American money to Africa ; he himself may be foreign-born .
Herewith , a collection of all the things of which Barack Obama stood accused :
– He does n't understand that inalienable rights granted by God are what make America great . America is a shining * city on a hill and “ there are those around Barack Obama who would extinguish those lights . ”
– He and his supporters “ vilify ” anyone who questions him .
– He “ mocked ” and “ laughed at ” Joe the Plumber at a recent rally because Joe thought he could make $ 250,000 despite being a plumber .
– He is having talk show hosts who speak out against him “ slaughtered , ” by having Obama-friendly advertisers pull their contracts .
– He very likely will take away dissenters ' right to free speech if elected president , keeping them from publishing their views in the newspaper or from voicing them on television and radio . This is in part due to the “ storm troopers around him . ”
– He benefits from the fact that voters who oppose him are hesitant to declare their feelings publicly , for “ fear of being attacked at their place of work , or in their homes , or their children being retaliated against in school . ”
– He will try to “ extinguish ” our freedom of speech . Reporters who question Obama and Biden are already being “ silenced . ”
– He has n't come clean about his birth certificate or the country of his birth . While the speakers said they did not want to put on their “ tin foil hat ” and speculate about the nation of Obama 's birth , one said he would give only “ even money ” that Obama was born in the United States .
– He would probably have trouble passing the tests required to become an FBI agent . His associations make him unfit for office .
– He wants to use the Global Poverty Act to give $ 800 billion of US taxpayers ' money to poor countries , “ mostly Africa . ”
– He does not understand the plight of military families . Unlike John McCain and Sarah Palin , he does not have a son serving in Iraq .
– He had the opportunity to join the military during the first Gulf War . Instead “ he went to the University of Phoenix to write books about himself . ”
– He is supported by leftist leaders in South America , Muammar Quaddafi , and the “ maniac from Iran . ”
– He has “ crazy ideas , dangerous ideas in dealing with those who would like to lop our heads off . ”
– He continues to ignore the fact that we did find WMDs in Iraq . In fact , 500 tons of WMDS were transferred out of Iraq this year .
– He has no record from the Illinois State Senate . He has no record from the federal Senate . He never introduced major legislation “ probably because he is too busy writing books about his life and convincing us he should be president . ”
– He is the most liberal Senator in the US Senate .
– He “ breathes air and fluff and words . ”
– He is at most qualified for middle management . Yet he as the “ audacity to hope ” we will make him president of the United States .
– His vice presidential pick is like “ training wheels on a tricycle . ”
– His presidency “ will change America as know it and love it , and not in a good way . ”
– He would create an America characterized by “ socialism and servitude . ”
– He seeks to deny the American dream through wealth distribution .
– He is part of a “ repo team ” with Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi .
– He can not talk about the needs of small business owners . He has never run a small business .
– He has the middle class “ in his sights . ”
– He comes out of the Chicago Democratic machine , which spells politics M-O-B .
– He benefits from a biased liberal media . The LA Times , the NY Times , and the Washington Post are “ organs of the Obama campaign . ”
– He does n't finish what he starts . He began as a lecturer at the University of Chicago , but did n't become a full professor . He was a lawyer , but never became a partner .
– He “ believes he is entitled to the president of the United States . ”
* Corrected .
This year 's black swan arrived on a rush of wind .
Once again , a highly unlikely , unanticipated event has roiled the waters—literally—late in the campaign cycle . Twelve years ago , it was the revelation of George W. Bush 's long-ago drunk driving arrest that likely cost him the popular vote and almost cost him the White House . Four years ago , the September collapse of Lehman Brothers and the near-collapse of the global financial universe turned a likely Obama victory into a certain one .
And this year , the impact of Hurricane Sandy makes it more likely that we 'll see a presidential election where the winner winds up winning fewer votes than the loser .
Even before Sandy struck the East Coast Monday , an observation was gaining hurricane force : What if Sandy had struck a week later ? What if , on Election Day , tens of millions were without power , with mass transit shut , roads flooded , polling stations shut or inaccessible ? Would state or the federal government postpone the voting ?
Well , we do n't have to turn to “ what-if ” questions ( much as I enjoy them ) . The storm will likely have a measurable impact on next Tuesday 's voting .
In the past , we 've seen less powerful storms knock out power for well over a week . Flooding has already taken place on a massive scale , meaning that property owners across the East , and hundreds of miles inland , will be coping with water in their cellars , living rooms , stores and offices . There are schools that may still be closed . This means there 's a very good chance that voters—maybe hundreds of thousands of them—will be coping with urgent , personal affairs , and the trip to the polls may simply be one burden too many .
Now consider where these voters are : overwhelmingly , they 're in states where Obama is all but certain to win , and with huge pluralities . ( The latest poll out of New York gives the President a 61-35 advantage over Mitt Romney , which translates to a 2-million-vote plurality . )
This enormous lead , combined with the post-storm burdens , suggests that there 's markedly less incentive than usual for Obama voters in deep-blue states to vote .
The likely result ? An increased chance that Obama will lose the national popular vote to Romney , and thus an increased chance that we 'll see , as we did in 2000 , a split between the popular vote and the Electoral College tally that in fact decides the presidency .
Should Obama win the election this way , it would be historic : We 've never had an incumbent president returned to office while losing the popular vote . ( Gerald Ford came close ; despite losing the popular vote by 1.7 million votes , a shift of barely 11,000 votes in Ohio and Hawaii would have kept him in the White House ) .
More significant , it would rekindle the argument over the Electoral College that arose—briefly—in 2000 : Is this 200-year old mechanism , with an overtly anti-democratic tilt ( small states have disproportionately more clout than big states ) , the right way to choose a president ?
After immersing myself in the mysteries of the Electoral College for a novel I wrote in the '90s , I came away believing that the case for scrapping it is less obvious than I originally thought .
For one thing , losing the popular vote is not necessarily a sign of what “ the people ” really wanted . Candidates structure their campaigns around the Electoral College ; had 2000 been a popular vote election , George W. Bush would have spent more time running up the vote in Texas and California 's inland empire , while Al Gore would have been campaigning in Dallas and Atlanta .
For another , the chaos that enveloped Florida back in 2000 might extend to every state if the popular vote was as close as it was in 1960 , 1968 , and 2000 ( and as it may well be this time ) . Instead of lawyers and operatives descending on Florida , they might be loaded onto C-130s and parachuted into every state where disputes arose .
I grant you , this inquiry is speculative . It still may be that in the last week of the election , there will be a decisive shift in the electorate that turns a nail-biter into a clear victory . It may be that Sandy is not the Black Swan that will shape the outcome .
But what this storm has done is to raise the possibility of a different kind of storm—a political one—descending on us next week .
Sixty years ago , the California legislature passed a law tasking the state 's Department of Mental Hygiene to “ conduct and cause to be conducted scientific research into the causes and cures of sexual deviation , including deviations conducive to sex crimes against children , and the causes and cures of homosexuality , and methods of identifying potential sex offenders . ”
Now , one state legislator has vowed to get the law repealed because the section on homosexuality was obviously “ shoe horned ” into a law that had its origins in a sexual assault case that had nothing to do with homosexuality . In an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times , state legislator Bonnie Lowenthal said the law was based on the case of six-year-old Linda Joyce Glucoft , who was raped and murdered in 1949 by the grandfather of a friend . Even though the admitted killer was not a homosexual , Lowenthal writes that homosexuality got swept up in the law :
In 1950 , homosexuality remained , officially , a mental disorder . So when the Legislature promised funding for a study into the causes and cures of sexual deviance , it was , tragically , natural to add homosexuality to the list .
Lowenthal 's bill has made it out of committee , but , according to the San Francisco Chronicle , several assemblymen abstained , “ including Danny Gilmore , R-Hanford ( Kings County ) and Anthony Portantino , D-La Canada Flintridge ( Los Angeles County ) . Portantino expressed concern that the parts dealing with sex offenders would be stricken by the proposed law . ”
There have been no reports that the opposed repeal of the law on religious grounds , but such objections are always just below the surface , since many of the organizations that advocate finding a “ cause ” and a subsequent “ cure ” are overtly religious in their approaches — seeking to help people “ pray away the gay. ” Such religious-based programs have , over the years , proven to harm people who seek their help . Even more damning is that the top defenders of such programs are “ professional ex-gays ” whose livelihoods depend on them sticking to the program at all costs .
One of those “ professional ex-gays , ” Richard Cohen , was inexplicably called on to be the “ other side ” of this issue on CNN in the past few days . The segment begins with anchor Kyra Phillips posing the question of whether homosexuality is “ problem in need of a cure ” and moves into the interview with Cohen and Lowenthal .
In the interview , Cohen argues for keeping the law . He conflates molestation and homosexuality and touts how he has helped those with “ unwanted homosexuality ” to go straight . Cohen also talks about a new “ fact sheet for youth ” from the American College of Pediatricians that shows homosexuality to be caused only by environmental factors and no biological factors which means , according to Cohen , that homosexuality is “ definitely reversible and changeable. ” The American College of Pediatricians , unfortunately , has little credibility here since it was founded in 2002 by a group of ideological doctors who were concerned that the American Association of Pediatricians “ promoted social policy based on political correctness and the wants of adults rather than the needs of children . ”
Again , religion is not pushed openly as an argument for keeping this law , but the reason there are so many people with “ unwanted homosexuality ” is because churches and religious leaders keep calling it a sin and condemning gay and lesbian people to an eternity in hell . If the core of your very being has been demonized as an offense to God and society , well , it 's easy to see how some people would not want it .
It would probably be beneficial to continue to seek the “ cause ” of homosexuality — just as it would be beneficial to seek what “ causes ” others to be heterosexual , or left-handed , or more prone to diabetes — but such research should be left to real scientists , not a state health department , and definitely not to the agenda driven pseudo-scientists that Cohen relies upon .
In the end , the arguments over “ causes ” and “ cures ” of homosexuality are ridiculous . Having Cohen up against Lowenthal in this interview was equally ridiculous . Perhaps for their next trick , CNN can get a Flat Earth Society member to debate Al Gore on global warming . It would have just as much credibility , because there is no “ other side ” to the gay issue — there is only a continuing need to educate people on the reality of gays and lesbians and stamp out homophobia in all its forms , both scientific and religious .
Derby County is delighted to announce that captain Richard Keogh has signed a new three-year contract .
Keogh , who is 30 today , has put pen-to-paper on a deal which will run until the summer of 2019 .
The Republic of Ireland international defender has made 200 appearances for the club since joining from Coventry City in the summer of 2012 and is firm favourite amongst the Derby supporters .
Capped 14 times by his country , he featured twice at the UEFA European Championships in June , starring in their 1-0 win over Italy to reach the knockout stages of the competition .
Since his arrival from the Sky Blues four years ago , Keogh has established himself as a key member of Derby 's backline and his performances saw him named as the club 's Player of the Season in the 2012/13 and 2015/16 campaigns .
He was handed the captain 's armband by manager Nigel Pearson ahead of the new season and he headed home Derby 's winning goal in Tuesday 's EFL Cup Round One tie against Grimsby Town at the iPro Stadium .
Manager Nigel Pearson commented : “ We 're extremely pleased that Richard Keogh has signed a new contract with the club .
“ He is an important player for us , both on and off the pitch , so it 's great news that he has committed his future to Derby County for the next three years .
“ As well as being an excellent defender he accepts responsibility on the pitch and that is why he was the natural choice to wear the captain 's armband . ”
After putting pen-to-paper , Keogh said : “ I 'm thrilled to extend my time at Derby County by another three years .
“ I 've loved my four years at the club so far and I get the feeling that even more exciting times are around the corner .
“ I am delighted that the manager has shown faith in me and I am really enjoying working with him and the rest of the staff .
“ I enjoy coming to work every day at our training facilities , which are second to none and are really valued by all of the squad , while the support of the fans , to both myself and the team , is nothing short of amazing .
“ With this contract signed and sealed I 'm really looking forward to knuckling down and helping the club try to achieve promotion this season .
“ We have a great squad and a strong belief that we can achieve something this season . ”
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
If Tony Stark 's uniform had been made from balloons , we 're not sure Iron Man would have been quite as successful in protecting civilians from evil — let alone himself .
In the latest YouTube video from streaming service blinkbox , balloon artist Jeff Wright tries to recreate Iron Man 's suit in under 10 hours using no more than 500 balloons .
Wright — known for the Buzz Lightyear costume he created from balloons in 2011 — jumped at the challenge with a detailed full-body suit . Watch the jaw-dropping project come together in the video above .
Wright told Mashable that the toughest challenge involved in a balloon project is not knowing exactly how it will turn out until it 's completely finished .
`` I 'm much less of an actual artist in the traditional sense and more of a trial-and-error engineer , '' he said . `` With experience , things are much easier , but I still sweat it out every once in a while . ''
Wright added that another challenge is working with the medium itself .
`` The nature of balloons is that every new brushstroke ( balloon ) needs an attachment point , so one must be very creative when planning a build , '' he said . `` I ca n't just make a balloon float out in the middle of nowhere , it needs to be worked into the already existing structure . ''
Wright told Mashable that designing the helmet for the Iron Man suit posed the most difficulties . Before shooting the video , he drafted the piece four times — each to unsatisfactory results . It was n't until the video shoot , Wright said , that he developed the final design .
Watch his tutorial for making the balloon mask below :
Though Wright and his wife are currently working as missionaries in an orphanage in Cochabamba , Bolivia , his previous life involved a great deal of balloon twisting . He picked up the hobby in college while searching for an activity to entertain him while recovering from a football injury .
`` I quickly learned that balloons equal smiles , '' he told Mashable . `` I was hooked , and after college I translated my new found passion into a career . ''
You can see more of Wright 's work on his website .
Homepage Image : blinkbox
SAGUARO NATIONAL PARK , Ariz. — When Steve Bolyard checked out a report of black paint on some of the park 's majestic saguaros — cactuses whose towering bodies and upraised arms are as emblematic of the American West as red-rock buttes and skittering tumbleweeds — he did not expect to see ganglike calligraphy covering more of them than he could easily count .
“ It was too much , ” said Mr. Bolyard , a park ranger . The same sort of symbols one might see on a subway train were scattered along the spiny forest last month . Rangers eventually found at least 45 graffiti tags in the park , including 16 on the slow-growing and fragile saguaro , the paint obscuring part of the green skins where the plants store the chlorophyll to draw nourishment from the sun .
It was the latest example of a trend that has been unnerving park officials from Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado to Arches in Utah and Joshua Tree in California . Just as drought and rapid development have caused a rise in encounters between humans and wild animals on the edges of many American cities , the wilder side of urban life — vandalism , graffiti and litter — has found its way into the wilderness .
The University of Texas at Austin and all seven other schools in the University of Texas System won approval to increase tuition Monday , a move that will tack on between $ 148 and $ 361 to the cost of students ' schooling each semester .
The price hikes were approved by the UT System Board of Regents in a series of votes during a telephone meeting . Officials said the universities need the money to keep up with inflation and to improve their national rankings . But opponents said the hikes would hurt students and perhaps create an unwanted response from the Texas Legislature .
`` While that may not seem very much , if it compounds over the years it starts to become very significant , resulting in levels of debt for students that you hear complaints about every day , '' said Regent Alex Cranberg , who voted against the increases .
At UT-Austin , students will pay an additional $ 304 per semester by fall 2017 . The increase , about a 6 percent bump , will be phased in over two years . Total fall 2017 tuition will now be $ 5,207 . The fall 2016 amount will be $ 5,055 .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The other universities seeing tuition hikes will be UT-Arlington , UT-Dallas , the University of Texas at El Paso , UT-San Antonio , UT-Permian Basin , UT-Rio Grande Valley and UT-Tyler . The biggest increase is at UT-Dallas , which will see $ 361 hike . The smallest will be at UT-RGV , which will increase tuition by $ 148 over the next two years .
Those increases have been in the works for months after UT System Chancellor Bill McRaven first broached the idea with regents in the fall . Universities held on-campus meetings with students , and regents were briefed on the idea at their most recent regular meeting .
`` We just need additional revenue to improve the quality across our institutions , '' McRaven said .
Outcry on campus has been limited , but some lawmakers have expressed frustration . Last year , Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick warned the system not to increase tuition , and he has instructed the Legislature to study tuition regulation in 2017 . It 's unclear whether such an idea will gain traction .
Regent Wallace Hall , who voted against the hikes , said he was worried that the two years ' worth of increases approved Monday would invite lawmakers to retake control of universities ' tuition costs . And he said it is troubling that costs are rising while the drop in the cost of oil threatens the Texas economy .
`` We appear not only insensitive predominantly to the middle class , which will not be able to afford or benefit from any grant money , but it also makes us appear very tone deaf to many in the Legislature who I believe have sent a message to us and we have ignored it , '' Hall said .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
But McRaven reiterated what he has said during the monthslong tuition debate : UT-Austin and the other universities cost less than the national average . The universities are striving to keep costs down , he said , but also need money to achieve their goals .
`` You have to have revenue in order to provide the quality experience students expect nationwide , '' McRaven said .
Disclosure : The University of Texas at Arlington , The University of Texas at Dallas , The University of Texas at San Antonio , The University of Texas of the Permian Basin and The University of Texas at Austin are corporate sponsors of The Texas Tribune . The University of Texas at El Paso was a corporate sponsor of the Tribune in 2012.A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here .
Despite 20 years of state control–and four years of a radical “ reform ” agenda imposed by state superintendent Cami Anderson–the Newark public schools continue to struggle , according to the latest New Jersey Report Card on the state 's public schools . But the report just does n't show chronic failure , it also demonstrates almost unbelievable ineptitude , perhaps nowhere more evident than in the report card 's reporting of attendance figures . The report card wants the residents of the state to believe Newark schools have an almost 100 percent student attendance rate .
That is not true . Anderson knows it 's not true . State Education Commissioner David Hespe–who just gave Anderson a new contract and a $ 37,000 bonus on top of her $ 250,000 salary–knows it 's not true . But the official record of school performance in New Jersey–its statewide report card–depicts Newark as having attendance figures far above the average for the cushiest suburban districts in New Jersey .
The discovery of the mistake–who knows if it 's a lie ? –was made by Leonard Pugliese , the executive director of the City Association of School Administrators ( CASA ) , the union representing Newark administrators who reported his findings today to a hearing of the Joint Committee on Public Schools in Trenton .
Pugliese already has published two reports on academic performance in Newark , especially of the so-called “ Renew schools , ” the bedrock of what Anderson calls her “ reform ” efforts . He testified in detail before the committee which has been looking into the state operation of the Newark schools .
The first report , commissioned by a coalition of organizations known as the Alliance for Newark Public Schools , showed that the so-called “ Renew Schools ” failed to improve student test performance , as promised two years ago by Anderson . The second showed that the “ Renew Schools ” lagged behind , not just the public schools in the rest of the state , but also inner-city schools with the same socio-economic characteristics .
Pugliese laid the blame squarely at Anderson 's feet , contending that her policies–not the efforts of administrators and teachers–resulted in failure at the “ Renew Schools . ”
“ It 's like expecting someone to look good in an ill-fitting suit , ” he said . “ No matter what great shape you 're in , you 're going to look bad . ”
That ill-fitting suit , he said , included Anderson 's penchant for outsourcing counseling services and relying on consultants while cutting back on regular staff .
Anderson , in short , is taking the Newark school system backwards–while , at the same time , ensuring less needy students enroll in privately operated charter schools and neighborhood public schools are closed .
But Pugliese tells the legislative oversight committee that Anderson–or Hespe , or both–have been reporting false information about a key indicator of success , school attendance by students . He discovered the false information while analyzing data on the “ Renew Schools , ” and then he learned the same mistakes appeared in reports on non-Renew schools . And this site has confirmed his information–and discovered all attendance and related data are wrong .
“ If we 're not making standards , if we 're lagging , how can they be college ready ? ” Pugliese asked . As he revealed the attendance figures , legislators laughed . “ It 's a fraud . ”
“ This is outrageous–and impossible . What 's equally outrageous is that the state department of education would post this document . Someone had to compile this data . Someone had to produce this graph . ”
The false data , however , give the impression that schools are meeting criteria for judging–get this–whether Newark schools are preparing students to be “ college and career ready . ”
That phrase– “ college and career readiness ” –has been a mantra of the billionaire hedge-fund owners who have interjected themselves into public education with schemes to improve schooling with the use of data derived from relentless testing . In this case , the data are all wrong .
In terms of academic performance , the record of Newark 's elementary schools is poor . Of 39 public elementary schools , 29 , according to the New Jersey Report Card , “ significantly lag ” behind public schools generally in New Jersey . Six just “ lag , ” three are average and one , the Branch Brook School , has high scores .
Yet , despite this poor academic performance for most of the schools , every public elementary school in the city has met the “ college and career ready ” target set by the state–and seven schools outperform all other elementary schools in New Jersey in meeting the criterion .
How ? Easy . Screw up the data , that 's how . For elementary schools , “ college and career ready ” –that most sacred of reformy chants–is based on only two criteria in the report card : The teaching of algebra in the 8th grade and attendance rates . While most of the schools do not meet the algebra criterion , all the schools have virtually 100 percent attendance rates–or so the Report Card wants us to believe–and that is why the schools appear to meet the target of college and career readiness .
Of the 39 elementary schools , the New Jersey Report Card claims that 31 had 100 percent attendance rates . The other eight schools had 99 percent attendance rates . The graphs included in the report card show that virtually all students in all the schools never missed a day of class all year .
Another set of graphs shows dramatic declines in chronic absenteeism . Twenty-five of the schools showed chronic absenteeism rates of 20 percent or more the year before–and all of them were reduced to less than one percent in one year , a feat accomplished by no other school district in New Jersey .
Belmont-Runyon , for example , had a 35.3 chromic absenteeism–defined as more than 10 percent of days missed–that it somehow was able to reduce to 0.0 percent in just one year . The Elliott Street School had a 36.9 percent rate of chronic absenteeism but was able last year to reduce it to 0.5 percent and , according to the report card , outperform all other schools in the state .
These “ top ” schools managed this feat by not having an 8th grade . Without an 8th grade , their failure to teach algebra could not be used as a criterion for measuring “ college and career readiness. ” These schools faced only one criterion–attendance and , because their attendance was reported ( falsely ) as perfect or near perfect , they out performed all schools that actually did count attendance accurately .
For other districts , attendance shows moderate changes–in Camden , for example , the rate of chronic absenteeism in one school fell from 23.8 to 22.2 percent . Bar graphs show a bell-curve distribution of students and the number of days they were absent . For Newark , the bar graphs for all schools show one big bar on the left , contending 99-100 percent of students never missed a day .
Pugliese asked the committee how the state education department , with all its experts , could allow the report card to be published with obviously false information . He noted the report has been out for two months and no one in either the state or the district caught the mistakes .
“ What does this say about Cami Anderson and state control of the Newark schools ? ” he asked the legislators .
“ Because of this , she can report to you and the residents of Newark and the rest of the country that Newark schools are college and career ready . ”
Serial Killer Conviction Prompts Police To Warn Of Dating App Dangers
The `` Tinder '' logo is seen on a mobile phone screen on Nov. 24 , 2016 . A Mapleton man who met up with a woman using the app had his clothing and wallet stolen at a Springfield motel .
( Leon Neal/Getty Images )
A Mapleton man was left naked and without a wallet or phone when a Tinder meet up went terribly , horribly wrong early Tuesday morning .
Springfield Police Sgt . Rich Charboneau said the man had been messaging a woman he met through the dating app for months when the two decided to meet up at the Springfield Village Inn on Mohawk Boulevard .
No dinner . No movie . Just a casual meet-up at a local motor inn .
Charboneau told The Oregonian/OregonLive the evening went something like this :
Upon checking in , the victim told his Tinder date -- whose profile was of a blonde , blue-eyed woman named Ashley -- he was taking a shower . That 's when Ashley suggested he leave the door unlocked so she could slip in .
When the man got out of the shower , all of his possessions were missing . The victim tried to pull up Ashley 's profile but it had been deleted .
He called the police at approximately 1 a.m .
According to Charboneau , the two had been planning the meeting for months . They were communicating exclusively through the app , Charboneau said .
The sergeant also had a suggestion for those planning an encounter with a Tinder match .
`` We recommend that they meet up at a place that is well-lit and safe , preferably not at one in the morning , '' he said .
For the uninitiated , the Tinder app pulls Facebook data to build dating profiles for its users . It pulls photos from your albums to populate up to five slides to show to potential suitors .
Users ' profiles show up like a stack of cards , populated by the app based on proximity .
University of Oregon ranks higher in Tinder than in football University of Oregon , it appears , is better at gaining romantic partners than gaining yards . More excellent at touching each other romantically than touchdowns . Awesomer at extra partners than extra points .
Swipe right if you like what you see . Swipe left if you 're not interested .
If two users swipe right , they get a notification : `` You 're a match ! '' You can instant message anyone you match with while those you swipe left on are none the wiser .
The Springfield theft case is by no means unique -- the practice of creating proxy social media accounts to lure victims is called catfishing .
It 's become so prevalent , MTV has produced a documentary-style series on the subject . The fifth season of `` Catfish '' wrapped up in September .
-- Eder Campuzano
503.221.4344
@ edercampuzano
ecampuzano @ oregonian.com
Terri Lynn Land | Gary Peters
Maybe the GOP Establishment will get lucky and shake its terrible electoral record on Tuesday , but Terri Lynn Land , its choice of Senate candidate in Michigan , is predictably cratering : Poll : Gary Peters opens 15-point lead on Terri Lynn Land , by Todd Spangler , Detroit Free Press , October 29 , 2014 .
Wait for this to be blamed on Land 's fumbling flirtation with the immigration issue—although this was brief , confined to illegals and contradicted by her open AdelZuck Party enthusiasm for more importing more skilled workers . The real story : the Conservatism Inc. campaign template just is n't working anymore .
Michigan is the sort of northern state that the GOP ( or at least GAP ) should dominate , but does n't . It is almost 80 % white , 14 % black . It has relatively few immigrants , but there are constant irritants like the Muslim enclave of “ Dearbornistan ” and the Obama Regime 's recent attempt to dump Central American kidinvaders into the state .
A 2012 estimate was that illegal immigrants were costing Michigan taxpayers $ 1 billion a year . Realism about race is encouraged by the Awful Warning of Detroit . Ward Connerly 's anti-Affirmative Action initiative won overwhelmingly , 58 % -42 % , amid the Bush-blighted 2006 midterms . ( This spring it was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court , but nevertheless Land has not made opposition to racial quotas an issue in her campaign . Nor has she made an issue of same-sex-marriage , despite the controversy when Michigan 's same-sex-marriage , ban , passed even more overwhelmingly in 2004 , was stuck down by a federal judge in March , to be later provisionally reinstated by a higher court . ) .
But Land is losing for the usual Republican reason : utter failure to mobilize the white base . Typical of the political elite 's refusal to report race , the Detroit Free Press 's Spangler burbled on fashionably about the female vote ( which Land , refuting for the umpteenth time the notion that Sisterhood is Powerful , is also losing ) and EPIC-MRC 's press release about the underlying poll does n't break out race , although the data must exist . But the NYT/CBS/YouGov poll taken from October 16-23 showed Democratic candidate Gary Peters with an eight point lead and Land winning the white vote by only two points , 46 % to 44 % . The Rasmussen Reports poll taken October 20-22 shows Peters with a nine-point lead—and Land actually losing the white vote , by one point , 47 % -48 % . ( Data available to Rasmussen Platinum subscribers ) .
Land is a terrible campaigner . Despite winning two statewide races for Secretary of State , she has proved so inarticulate that she has now taken to ducking journalists and not publishing her event schedule [ Meet the GOP Senate Candidate Even Republicans Love to Hate , by Noah Weiland , ABC NEWS , October 15 , 2014 ) .
The Land campaign did run a TV ad back in early August , attacking Peters on illegal immigration and keyed to this summer 's kidinvasion : Senate Candidate Targets Democrat on Immigration , By Alexis Levinson , Roll Call , August 6 , 2014 . Let the record show that the race did tighten—the Real Clear Politics poll average showed a gap of just 2.6 % at its narrowest point , on September 9 .
But the ad itself was curiously weak . It focused gotcha-style on Gary Peters ' alleged contradictory comments about the importance of border security , with Land 's own bland position ( she thinks it 's important ) stated so fleetingly that it was easy to miss which side she was on .
Land 's position even on the Kidinvasion thereafter deteriorated noticeably . Asked about border security and Amnesty in early October , she instead used the opportunity to pound again on the Compassion and I'm-A-Woman ! buttons that GOP consultants continue to believe are important to voters ( “ I 'm a mom , I have two kids , and I 'll tell you it hurts my heart with these children who have come across this border. ” Betraying the influence of some Beltway Right opposition researcher , Land has even mouthed the same silly argument as the hapless Monica Wehby in Oregon : that her Democrat opponent does n't pay his women staffers the same as men . )
Land added of the Kidinvaders :
President Obama has basically told them they could come here illegally . He needs to let them know that that 's not the way it works here . We need to get these children back to their parents and we need to put as many resources and time [ as necessary ] into making sure that happens . Now if some of these children are here under refugee status they 're welcome to go through that process and we should make sure that happens , but we need to get them back to their parents . Michigan 's Terri Lynn Land Slams Obama on Illegal Immigration , Islamic State , by Matthew Boyle , Breitbart , October 7 , 2014 . Emphases added .
Conspicuously absent , of course , was any expression of Lynn heart-hurting for the American kids ( and taxpayers ) who have to bear the brunt of this invasion— including the very real possibility of disease . “ We need to get these children back to their parents ” ignores the fact that many of the parents are already illegally in the U.S. ( and that the Obama Regime has indeed been expediting their reunion ) .
And , needless to say , Lynn has run away from the only legislative branch recourse in the face of this unilateral Obama coup : impeachment .
Asked if she would vote to impeach President Obama , Terri Land says , `` No , of course not . '' # MICalling — Gongwer News Service ( @ GongwerMichigan ) October 3 , 2014
Land made her collapse virtually complete while campaigning ( why ? ) with the appalling Jeb Bush :
LANSING , MI — U.S. Senate candidate Terri Lynn Land said Monday that she would consider a path toward legal residency — but not citizenship — for undocumented immigrants as part of a reform plan that would also have to include funding for a border fence . With Jeb Bush in town , Terri Lynn Land talks path to legal status for undocumented immigrants , By Jonathan Oosting , MLive.com , October 13 , 2014 .
Land had the gall , or blind stupidity , to insist that she was still against “ Amnesty. ” In fact , of course , as VDARE.com 's Brenda Walker has repeatedly pointed out , “ The Work Permit ” — legal status— “ is Amnesty. ” Unmistakably , Land 's opposition to “ Amnesty , ” like her support for the border fence , is purely a ritual gesture .
The ignominious results of Land 's boilerplate Conservatism Inc. campaign are disgracefully plain in her answers , or lack of them , to a recent non-partisan questionnaire :
Immigration : Do you support the D.R.E.A.M . Act , which would allow children brought into the country illegally to achieve legal status if they 've graduated from high school , have a clean legal record , and attend college or serve in the military ? Peters : Yes Land : Unknown Immigration : Do you support the comprehensive immigration plan passed by the Senate in 2013 , which includes a pathway to citizenship and increased funding for border security ? Peters : Yes Land : Unknown . Opposes amnesty for illegal immigrants . Gary Peters vs. Terri Lynn Land Nonpartisan Candidate Guide For Michigan Senate Race 2014 , Huffington Post , October 23 , 2014
Even worse , Land failed to answer NumbersUSA 's survey at all , instantly disqualifying her from any claim to seriousness on the immigration issue . But the immigration patriot group does note that she has expressed support for H1-B increases . Her campaign website enthuses about streamlining the immigration process , clear evidence that she will support increased immigration . This in a state with 7.2 % unemployment and a heavy student population facing bleak job prospects .
But there 's good news—for the GOP consultants . Land has had
…no trouble raising money — at least $ 2.9 million from her own pocket — and at least $ 15 million spent on her behalf by outside groups . Just this week , campaign reports showed her father , Paul Land , gave $ 500,000 to a group , Ending Spending , which has spent more than $ 5 million on her race . With Peters ' allies spending at least $ 17 million on the race , it is already the most expensive in Senate history in Michigan . Poll : Land losing ground to Peters as election nears , by Todd Spangler , Detroit Free Press , October 23 , 2014 .
So that 's all right then , is n't it ?
In the end , to win a blue collar state like Michigan , GOP/GAP must have to adopt a National Conservative strategy—appealing to American workers economically , by tightening the labor market with an immigration moratorium , and by defending them culturally , against alien influx .
But the GOP Establishment has once again failed to do this with Terri Lynn Land . It increasingly looks like it will never get the message .
Peter Brimelow [ Email him ] is the editor of VDARE.com . His best-selling book , Alien Nation : Common Sense About America 's Immigration Disaster , is now available in Kindle format .
If the welfare of elephants were truly its only concern , the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus would stop using them in performances now , and put them on a train to sunny Florida , where they could enjoy a comfortable retirement . Instead , as The Associated Press reported Thursday , its 13 wrinkly troupers will be touring the country , doing lumbering tricks in costume for paying customers , until 2018 . Then they will be sent to the company 's park near Polk City , Fla. , and perform no more .
Elephants are big business for Feld Entertainment , Ringling 's parent company , and they have been for a long , long time . So it 's hardly a small thing that the circus has announced it is ending its elephant acts . Though Ringling has always had other trained animals , like horses , dogs , tigers and lions — and , notoriously , in the 1980s , goats made to resemble unicorns — Asian elephants are central to its image and marketing . Many a New Yorker remembers the elephant marches through the Midtown Tunnel to Madison Square Garden .
But big-animal circus acts belong to a different age . Circuses have long since abandoned human freak shows and brutish displays of animals as beasts to gawk at . Many cities and counties have passed ordinances forbidding some elephant shows , because of the use of chains and prods called bullhooks to control the animals . Years of pressure from animal-rights advocates surely influenced Ringling 's decision . And competitors — notably Cirque du Soleil — have shown that it is possible to dazzle audiences with entirely human feats of grace and skill .
The news from Ringling summons two powerful images : Dumbo 's mother , trapped in a circus car , cradling her child to the song “ Baby Mine , ” in one of the most heartbreaking of all movie scenes , and , more recently , a viral video of two adult elephants rushing to the aid of a fallen baby elephant at a zoo in Zurich . The touching video showed indelibly what scientists well know — that elephants are highly intelligent , social creatures that demonstrate powerful family bonds and nurturing skills .
Suddenly , a young woman stood up to talk .
She told the breakfast audience at last week 's IHS CERAWeek energy conference that they were losing money with old technology , that they should consider ways to use better data and cut down on costs .
Later , an executive who missed her introduction asked her if she was an intern or a marketing representative .
Allison Lami Sawyer 's title is CEO .
Of the roughly 30 CEOs who came to speak at the testosterone-heavy conference that closed Friday at the Hilton Americas-Houston downtown , only two were women .
It 's a fact that was hard to ignore and is representative of the energy industry 's largely male executive ranks .
Report : Houston energy giants weak in diversity
“ It 's just so strange , ” said Sawyer , 28 , CEO of leak-detection startup Rebellion Photonics . “ You just never get over it . ”
Many attendees are simply not used to seeing women as executives in the energy industry . And that 's because there are so few of them .
At a breakfast event hosted at The Grove restaurant in Discovery Green for 55 CEOs in attendance at the conference , just two were women , said Spectra Energy Partners CEO Julie Dill , who was there .
The gender disparity among conference attendees and speakers was the same , she said .
“ It was really startling not to see more women on the panels and , quite frankly , when you look around the audience there are not a lot of women , ” Dill said .
[ poll id= ” 48″ ]
Dill , who is 53 and spent 17 years at Shell Oil Co. before joining Spectra , said she was mistaken at the conference for an employee of lower status , something that happens frequently in the industry .
“ There have been occasions where they 've believed that I was the secretary , ” Dill said .
Sawyer said that some responsibility for the heavily male executive ranks falls on women , perhaps for not pursuing careers in the industry . And there are n't too many examples to follow , she added .
“ I think there 's a problem finding mentors , ” Sawyer said .
Fast track : Young energy execs take the reins in fast-paced field
But Dill described a lack of understanding at some companies of how women 's family obligations can be incorporated into a high-level career .
Energy companies say they are addressing the issue and have made an effort to hire more women . But the problem is a structure that may not be conducive to moving women into the executive ranks , Dill said , or to managing their return to the workplace after child-bearing years .
More diversity could generate innovation in the industry , said Kurt Glaubitz , a spokesman for Chevron Corp. , which sponsored the IHS CERA­Week breakfast event where Sawyer spoke .
“ The example that she provided is one that demonstrates how we can help to become more efficient in our current operations as we also look over the horizon at new technologies that will foster the fuel of tomorrow , ” he said .
On the board : Women in top energy jobs cite technical , personal skills
Glaubitz said Sawyer 's selection for Energy Innovation Pioneers breakfast was encouraging and part of a trend of increased women 's employment in energy .
“ It 's a testament to universities and higher education that they are better preparing women in order to take a place within management ranks of industry and we 're pleased to see that trend improving , ” Glaubitz said .
‘ It is intimidating '
For the women at the conference , that change seemed overdue .
“ It is really a great conference , but it is intimidating , ” Sawyer said .
The dearth of women in the halls and ballrooms led them to caucus in other places .
Women were in such a minority everywhere else that the restrooms – the only place where they were a distinct majority – became networking hot spots , Sawyer said .
Because those facilities were seldom crowded , the faces became familiar and the women exchanged contact information there .
“ There 's definitely a sorority among the women here , ” Sawyer said .
regio iT , a German IT consulting organization recently finished the migration of 3000 users at ucloud4schools from Owncloud 7 and 8 to Nextcloud 11.0.1 . The migration went smooth and delivered the expected performance , security and feature benefits .
ucloud4schools
ucloud4schools is a product from regio iT offering 122 different schools their own , private cloud sync and share solution . Formerly based on Owncloud , the solution is built on Nextcloud and offers all the benefits of its easy-to-use interface .
Thanks to ucloud4schools , educational institutions get an opportunity to teach , communicate and collaborate in both the pedagogic and administrative areas , regardless of time or place .
For 3 years , the over 3000 users of ucloud4schools have been using the software to sync and share data without risking any third party gaining access . For schools in Germany , student privacy and an easy-to-use interface where crucial factors in deciding for this technology .
regio iT
regio iT is a service provider with over 300 employees delivering solutions for communities , schools , non-profits as well as customers in the energy production and distribution space . Based in Aachen and with a branch in Gütersloh , the company offers strategic and project-related IT consulting , integration , IT infrastructure and full service in four areas :
IT Service & Operation
Administration & Finance
Energy & Waste Management
Education & Development
Migration
Moving to Nextcloud is easy with our migration support and brings significant benefits in the areas of security , performance , stability and features . The team wanted to bring the customers also a new look and feel , created together with a design company .
The migration from Owncloud to Nextcloud was performed using a scripted approach . The conversion itself went as expected . A few instances had issues caused by specific wishes like logo adaptations that had to be made manually .
One major feature of Nextcloud 11 , its significant performance and scalability advantages , was another reason for the migration and it paid off very well . The access time to data was decreased , making the usage of ucloud4schools a lot smoother for the users . In the feature area , the improvements enable further development of features and capabilities by regio iT . Stefan noted that while the schools were , in general , happy with the features provided , the prospect of new enhancements to the product was exciting .
I see ucloud4schools as more than an educational cloud . It offers many apps that work together and shows possibilities that go far beyond the functions of an ordinary cloud . We will continue to extend our product and we are glad to have found a partner in Nextcloud with a healthy community and strong development and support capabilities .
Stefan Döhler , project manager at regio iT
As the U.S. Senate engaged in frenzied gavel-to-gavel combat , trying to vanquish the Affordable Care Act , a quieter effort was underway on the other end of the Capitol building . Forty-three members of the House of Representatives , split almost evenly between Republicans and Democrats , spent much of July doing something downright radical : working together to try to fix Obamacare rather than destroy it . What 's more , over tacos and beer and plenty of tough but respectful conversation , they arrived at a real plan , which they announced yesterday .
The most immediate aim of the group , which calls itself “ the Problem Solvers caucus , ” was to stabilize the shaky individual health insurance marketplace , said Congressman Tom Reed , a Republican from upstate New York , who co-led the effort with Congressman Josh Gottheimer , a freshman Democrat from New Jersey . The caucus plan would , first off , continue the ACA 's cost-sharing payments to insurers in order to offset the cost of covering sicker patients in the exchange plans—and avoid the market-rupturing disruption that would almost certainly be caused by their sudden removal , said Reed on a conference call yesterday afternoon . ( Such a rupture , of course , is precisely what President Trump has gleefully tweetened—my portmanteau for a threat delivered in 140 characters or fewer—in recent days , as he slammed those payments as mere “ bailouts ” to the insurance companies . )
The plan also pushes some legislative liberalization . “ We 've committed to the state stability funds a significant sum of money that would allow states to innovate and put together programs to try to stabilize their own marketplaces , be it through reinsurance , high-risk pools , etcetera , ” said Reed . And the group has , importantly , proposed a change to the ACA 's employer mandate . In the current law , “ if you have 50 employees , as you all know , you 're mandated to have health insurance . We raised that threshold to 500 employees , ” Reed said . ( The group backs a tweak to the rule that defines the number of hours a person needs to work in order to be guaranteed coverage as a “ full-time ” employee , from the current 30 hours per week to 40 . )
In addition , the bipartisan caucus is supporting the elimination of an Obamacare tax on medical devices ( a change Republicans have sought ) , encourages the cross-state sale of insurance ( a provision that is already part of the ACA ) , and puts in place some Medicare reimbursement policies ( that Democrats have wanted ) , particularly those that reward quality healthcare as opposed to the quantity of procedures performed .
“ That 's what brought 43 members together as a block of the Problem Solvers Caucus , ” said Reed , who noted that each of these provisions managed to reach consensus among at least 75 % of the group—the threshold necessary to be included in the collective proposal . “ We are now ready to govern and organized to get to ‘ Yes , ' ” he said .
The Problem Solvers have been buttressed along the way by another cabal of unabashed cooperators , a nonprofit organization called No Labels , cofounded by veteran politicos Nancy Jacobson and Bill Galston , along with a dozen others . In an age when government has become so bitterly polarized , groups like No Labels ( featured in Fortune last year ) and the Problem Solvers are practically antiestablishment .
And more essential than ever . “ When you 're in the middle and getting beaten up by both sides , it 's good to know there are people who have got your back , ” said first-termer Gottheimer . “ I just want to praise all my colleagues who put a lot of political capital on the line and who are going to get beaten up by people because of it . I tell you , my phone has been ringing off the hook today by as many people who want to complain about different aspects of this as by people who say , ‘ Good job . ' ”
Indeed , that 's what makes the Problem Solvers ' proposal worth celebrating , said No Labels cofounder Galston on the same call . “ It 's worth backing away from the details [ of the proposal ] and just making a large , obvious point : It has been a very long time since a group of Democrats and Republicans , who have to answer to their respective electorates , have been able to sit down and reason together and come to a consensus on significant issues regarding healthcare . So we can argue about particular details , but I think the significance of the overall moment is beyond question . ”
This essay appears in today 's edition of the Fortune Brainstorm Health Daily . Get it delivered straight to your inbox .
On Friday , SocGen 's Albert Edwards was confused : when describing the events of last weekend , when Greece seemed on the verge of being `` temporarily '' exiled from Europe thus confirming once and for all that the Euro is in fact quite reversible , it was not Germany against France , a France whose total government liabilities assure that its countdown to sovereign insolvency is just a few years behind that of Greece ...
... but France alongside Germany , playing the good cop to Schauble 's now traditional `` Dr Evil '' routine . To wit :
[ what ] surprised me over the weekend was France 's position . I was not in any way surprised that Germany was able to gather a huge number of allies to its camp , with its traditional fiscally conservatively minded allies such as Finland , Holland and Austria , as well as many central European governments . I was not even surprised that other countries previously crushed by austerity , Spain , Ireland etc. , were firmly in the Germany camp too . But I was really surprised that French authorities did not stand up to say what was happening was unacceptable , unsustainable , and indeed unfair , and that they would have no part of it . The reason why I am surprised that France went along with this extreme and humiliating austerity programme – and the effective removal of sovereignty forced on Greece – is simply its own self-interest , for France could itself end up in the firing line . The problem France will surely find further down the road is that its own debt dynamics and sustainability is also highlyquestionable . Estimates we have used before with calculations for the present value of unfunded liabilities ( as a % of GDP ) show that actually it is not Spain or Italy that have the worst long-term debt sustainability issues ; it is the US and France , and then next in line , surprisingly , Germany .
We said that we found France 's capitulation `` far less surprising : ultimately Hollande 's sole focus was to preserve near-term stability ( and his job ) at any cost , if only until the 2017 French elections , which he is guaranteed to lose . Even if the French fiscal and solvency situation deteriorates dramatically over the next two years ( and it will because as we showed in June , France has now had 80 consecutive months of record unemployment as a result of yet another socialist economic failure ) , by the time the world wakes up it will be someone else 's problem , most likely that of Marine Le Pen , at which point the only way to resolve the French `` problem '' will by through the printing of French Francs . ''
Today Bloomberg confirmed just that , when it reported that instead of seeking a mathematical resolution to France 's unsustainable government liability brick wall , Hollande is now likewise prepared to follow in Tsipras ' footsteps and hand over French sovereignty to a German-led European `` government '' if it means extending the unsustainable French status quo as long as possible . To wit :
French President Francois Hollande said that the 19 countries using the euro need their own government complete with a budget and parliament to cooperate better and overcome the Greek crisis . “ Circumstances are leading us to accelerate , ” Hollande said in an opinion piece published by the Journal du Dimanche on Sunday . “ What threatens us is not too much Europe , but a lack of it . ”
In other words , France just called for the creation of the United States Of Europe , where the dominant power ( Germany ) is in charge , and where the people of all the smaller , weaker countries , pardon pro forma European states , are merely slaves . See Greece .
And speaking of Greece , somehow we doubt the insolvent nation , which justt last week just handed over its sovereignty to Germany and Brussels , feels there is a `` lack of Europe . ''
While the euro zone has a common currency , fiscal and economic policies remain mostly in the hands of each member state . European Central Bank President Mario Draghi made a plea this week for deeper cooperation between the euro members after political squabbles over Greece almost led to a rupture in the single currency . Countries in favor of more integration should move ahead , forming an “ avant-garde , ” Hollande said . “ Europe has let its institutions weaken and the 28 European Union member countries are struggling to agree to move ahead , ” Hollande said on Sunday in a text which was also a homage to his mentor Jacques Delors , a former European Commission President who proposed similar ideas . Draghi called for the creation of a shared treasury within 10 years in a joint proposal with politicians .
Well , of course Draghi would call for that : after all , the more `` globalized '' end markets are , and the greater the stock of monetizable debt collateralized by a supergovernment , the greater the profits for Goldman ( followed shortly thereafter by a global government controlled by the Inner Party ; call it `` Oceania '' for lack of a better made up word ) .
Not to mention that what would happen in Hollande 's `` avant-garde '' world is that Germany will have achieved its World War II goal of taking over Europe without firing a single shot , with every other country , first Greece now France , and everyone inbetween , handing over its sovereignty to the Bundestag ( not to mention to German exporters ) to run the show .
As for Hollande , and his all-time low approval rating , his immediate concern is not how to hand over Paris to Berlin , but how to prevent Marine Le Pen aka `` Madame Frexit '' from taking his seat in two years because as we wrote before the Greek referendum was even announced , `` Forget Grexit , `` Madame Frexit '' Says France Is Next : French Presidential Frontrunner Wants Out Of `` Failed '' Euro . ''
Greece is now a sideshow even as its economy implodes completely and the country ultimately exits the Euro - the real question is can Germany build on the Hollande momentum to finally implement a Berlin-controlled , Frankfurt-funded `` government '' before Le Pen crushes the European dream , or nightmare as it is better known in Greece and for the half of Europe 's peripheral youth who are permanently unemployed , once and for all .
Alec Baldwin is having a rough day . Thursday morning , he attended James Gandolfini 's funeral , so emotions were running high . Then the Daily Mail published a report that Baldwin 's wife had tweeted throughout Gandolfini 's funeral service . Alec ... well , he did n't have the best reaction to the Mail 's report .
I 'm gon na find you , George Stark , you toxic little queen , and I 'm gon na fuck ... you ... up . http : //t.co/eoHfGGjD46 — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
If put my foot up your fucking ass , George Stark , but I 'm sure you 'd dig it too much http : //t.co/eoHfGGjD46 — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
My wife and I attend a funeral to pay our respects to an old friend , and some toxic Brit writes this fucking trash http : //t.co/eoHfGGjD46 — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
I want all of my followers and beyond to straighten out this fucking little bitch , George Stark . @ MailOnline http : //t.co/eoHfGGjD46 — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
George Stark , you 're lying little bitch . I am gon na f % # @ you up . http : //t.co/eoHfGGjD46 — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
Someone wrote that my wife was tweeting at a funeral . Hey . That 's not true . But I 'm gon na tweet at your funeral . — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 27 , 2013
Baldwin finished the rant by telling his followers that he no longer had a publicist because he fired them ( no kidding ) and that the Daily Mail 's report was full of “ fucking blatant lies . ”
And then he signed off from Twitter , maybe for good .
My wife DID NOT use her phone , in any capacity , at our friends funeral . Now , fuck this twitter + good luck to all of you who know the truth — ABFoundation ( @ ABFalecbaldwin ) June 28 , 2013
Baldwin 's wife also denied the Mail 's claims :
FYI I do n't believe in bringing phones into a funeral and I never did and I never would — Hilaria Baldwin ( @ hilariabaldwin ) June 27 , 2013
Well . At least Baldwin did n't call Stark a `` coon '' or a `` crackhead . ''
UPDATE : It looks like Baldwin deleted his Twitter account . Below is a screen grab of the rant before he took it down .
UPDATE 2 : The Daily Mail apparently removed George Stark 's byline and replaced it with one that reads `` Daily Mail Reporter . ''
The USAF Has To Re-Paint Its Trucks Because The F-35 Ca n't Fly On Warm Fuel
After a year of several fleet-wide groundings for the F-35 , the latest problem to plague the fifth-generation fighter is forcing the U.S. Air Force to revamp an entirely separate fleet to support the military 's most expensive plane yet .
The F-35 can only fly on jet fuel under a certain temperature due to a range of heating issues attributed to the F-35B variant 's short takeoff and vertical landing engine . According to the USAF , the dark-green trucks that carry that fuel absorbs too much heat from the sun to keep the planes in the sky . ( RELATED : Entire F-35 Fleet Grounded Ahead Of July 4 Holiday )
That presents a serious logistical problem for an advanced multi-role fleet expected to maintain U.S. air superiority in areas of potential conflict such as the Middle East and South Pacific — areas with no shortage of sunlight .
For the time being the Air Force is addressing the issue by painting the tanker trailers of the trucks a bright reflective white to repel sunlight absorption . That presents a whole new problem for the safety of the trucks , which will be necessary to support the Joint Strike Fighter on forward deployments where large white tankers full of highly flammable fuel could make easy targets .
“ We painted the refuelers white to reduce the temperature of fuel being delivered to the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter , ” Senior Airman Jacob Hartman of the 56th Logistics Readiness Squadron at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona said in an Air Force news report . “ The F-35 has a fuel temperature threshold and may not function properly if the fuel temperature is too high , so after collaborating with other bases and receiving waiver approval from [ the Air Education Training Command ] , we painted the tanks white . ”
Luke AFB reportedly got the idea from Edwards AFB in California , where Air Force personnel first discovered the problem some time ago .
“ It ensures the F-35 is able to meet its sortie requirements , ” Chief Master Sgt . Ralph Resch , fuels manager of the 56th LRS , said in the report . “ We are taking proactive measures to mitigate any possible aircraft shutdowns due to high fuel temperatures in the future . ”
“ This is the short-term goal to cool the fuel for the F-35 ; however , the long-term fix is to have parking shades for the refuelers . ”
The Air Force also plans to try incorporating reflective paint into the trucks ' standard green to reduce the heat absorption and maintain cover . Though the cost of the paint is $ 3,900 per-truck , it 's undoubtedly cheaper than another costly fix to the entire fleet , which uses the fuel as a coolant to absorb heat from the JSF 's powerful subsystems before passing into the engine . ( RELATED : Three Years And Several Fixes Later , The F-35 Finally Lands On An Aircraft Carrier )
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook
Join the conversation on The Daily Caller
Read more stories from The Daily Caller
Ready For Gruber : Tea Party Patriots Prepare To Clothe The Hill
Colorado Nuns Fight Admin 's Birth Control Mandate In Hours-Long Hearing
The USAF Has To Re-Paint Its Trucks Because The F-35 Ca n't Fly On Warm Fuel
Jonathan Gruber ADMITTED That Obama Lied ... They Knew It Would Not Control Costs !
Navy Unveils Special Edition 'Do n't Tread On Me ' Uniforms For Army-Navy Game
Lily Tomlin On Why Grace And Frankie Is n't A Comedy , How It 's Like AbFab And The New Generation Of Female Comics
2015 is turning out to be The Year of Lily Tomlin .
She is earning Oscar buzz for her starring role Grandma ( in theaters August 21 ) , an indie film about an acerbic , post-hippie lesbian who embarks on a journey of life 's discoveries while driving around looking for money to fund her granddaughter 's abortion ( the film also features Laverne Cox in a supporting role ) .
Tomlin will also return for a second season of Grace and Frankie , the Netflix series costarring her pal Jane Fonda and which follows two women who cling to each other for support after their husbands announce they are gay and are in love with each other . Grace and Frankie found a devoted following thanks to its mix of the friendship dynamics of The Odd Couple with the filthy sex talk of The Golden Girls , and it showcases Tomlin in understated , dramatic moments that give new life to the veteran actor 's image .
Queerty caught up with Tomlin during her current U.S. tour of her solo stage show , in which she performs a mix of stand-up comedy and a retrospective of some of her sketch characters , to talk about her current projects and her iconic history .
Queerty : The story to Grandma seems pretty serious , but is the movie actually a comedy ?
Lily Tomlin : It has been reviewed as being funny , but I think that 's just because people expect that of me . A lot of little tags hang on from one project to another . Jane and I have n't done a project together for years , and the last one we did , other than one of my TV specials , was Nine to Five , and it was terribly funny to most audiences . So people expect that now .
I do n't view Grace and Frankie as a comedy .
I do n't either . But I 've never been bound to that expectation . I 've always just played the material , whatever 's on the page . Some projects allow you to be very big and comedic , with some projects you walk a line . It 's like when I did Damages with Martin Short , and people would ask “ What 's it like to play something dramatic ? ” and Martin would say “ It 's just another point on the continuum. ” He does n't think anything about it . Nor do I . [ Pause . ] But the comedic part of me is very important , too . I invented stuff to do , characters to do . But I never thought the audience thought that was all I can do or who I was , any more than they would think I was one of the characters , like Ernestine [ the telephone operator she frequently portrayed on Laugh-In ] . Although in the beginning , 45 years ago , they did think I was Ernestine .
Who do you find funny now ?
There 's so many people . There are a lot of women who are quite funny now . Amy Schumer , Sarah Silverman…Tina Fey , Amy Poehler…the current crop of women are quite funny . I do n't even know who to name .
But when you 're sitting home with your spouse ( writer Jane Wagner ) and you 're watching TV , what do you turn on ?
We usually turn on So You Think You Can Dance and Dancing With The Stars . Or America 's Got Talent . That can be a real tear-jerker .
How long have you and Jane been married ?
We 've been married since New Year 's Eve , 2013 .
Has being married changed your relationship ?
Well , we 've been together for 44 years . We railed against marriage for years , even when it was n't an option , and said we were going to wait until the gay community can come up with something better than marriage . It would be like imitating heterosexuals , in a way . But we caved to convention .
What would be better than marriage ?
I do n't know . I 'm waiting for the new generation to figure something out .
As a big fan of Grace and Frankie , I ca n't help but notice how the characters are indicative of Patsy and Edina from Absolutely Fabulous .
Oh , are they ?
The story lines are n't similar , but the characters themselves , with Patsy being this vodka-drinking blonde who wears buttoned-up suits , and Edina would drape herself in long flowy clothes and head scarves , and had the long hair , and she was a Buddhist…
I had n't even thought of that .
They are just like Grace and Frankie . And Edina did have a husband who left her because he came out as gay . There 's even the scene when Edina gets upset and shovels ice cream into her mouth . Frankie does the same thing .
It 's funny you caught that reference . One day Jane and I were doing press , and Jane said “ We want to do two women of a certain age , when a woman passes 50 , and she does n't give a fuck anymore . She 's just going to do what she wants to do. ” And I said , “ Did n't AbFab do that already ? ” Maybe the writers saw it and were inspired , I do n't know .
I have a couple of questions that people want me to ask you . My mother is dying to know : Where does Frankie get her clothes ?
Oh my gosh , how fabulous ! Most of my clothes are from a store here in L.A. , called Layered . They also produce a lot of that big chunky jewelry . I am glad to know your mom likes all that stuff . It 's so cool . Maybe I should put out my own line of jewelry .
I have several friends who want to know , do you still know the words to the Galaxy Glue song from The Incredible Shrinking Woman ?
[ Sings ] ‘ Galaxy Glue , Galaxy Glue… ' [ Pauses ] I forget the tune .
[ Sings ] “ Galaxy Glue , Galaxy Glue , what would we do without Galaxy Glue… ”
It 's funny . Everybody in the damn world who is of that age picks up on that song . They sing it to me in airports . I like having my life played back at me , and just thrown right in my face .
Well , I am of that age , and I hope you appreciate how much courage it took for me to talk to you today , because I was a kid when The Incredible Shrinking Woman came out , and when you fell into the garbage disposal , it scared the hell out of me . Pardon my language .
[ Laughs ] I 'm so sorry .
I grew up thinking my mother was going to shrink and turn into a little dot .
My skin got damaged from all that garbage — the left side of my face — so I paid for it .
How did it get damaged ?
‘ Cause there were chemicals in that goop , whatever it was made out of . My skin got thinned out .
Permanently ?
Yeah . We did the garbage disposal scene for three days . It 's not like I 'm disfigured . You would n't overly notice it . But skin people know it . And the left side of my face is a little more dropped than the right .
That 's terrible !
I was one of the producers , so I have only myself to blame .
Well I 'm glad that by talking to you , I 've had the chance to work out my The Incredible Shrinking Woman demons .
I 'm glad . And also , you said “ pardon my language ” when you said “ hell , ” but I used the F-word .
You did ? When ?
Just a little while ago . Although I did n't use it gratuitously . It was appropriate . I 'm not a cusser . Unless I get really mad , and then I cuss up a storm , which you 've probably seen on YouTube . So let that go . Do n't bring that into your life . It 's too much for you to bear .
Watch a clip from Grandma below .
The Organization
In 2005 Carl Lutz wanted to memorialize a close friend and fraternity brother , Brad Monks , who had recently lost a life-long fight with cancer to lymphoma . Lutz and fellow members of the Texas Chi chapter of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity set out to raise awareness , fundraise , and celebrate the memory of their friend through a rock concert . The success of the event led to it becoming an annual on-campus activity at The University of Texas at Dallas and by 2010 it was the inspiration behind the formation of our 501 ( c ) 3 charity , Rock the Campus . Today , our purpose holds true : Rock the Campus aims to actively support the mission of the North Texas chapter of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and raise awareness through our philanthropic efforts . We work to celebrate Brad 's life and the growing number of others in our circle of friends and family who have been impacted by these types of cancer .
A tech-savvy hospital in Boston developed a custom information-retrieval system for Google Glass , which lets ER doctors scan a QR code on the wall of each room to call up information about patients .
Dr. John Halamka , CIO of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , described the system today in his blog ( a cached version is here as the original post seems to have been shortened significantly ) :
In the Emergency Department , we 've developed a prototype of a new information system using Google Glass , a high tech pair of glasses that includes a video camera , video screen , speaker , microphone , touch pad , and motion sensor . Here 's how it works . When a clinician walks into an emergency department room , he or she looks at [ a ] bar code ( a QR or Quick Response code ) placed on the wall . Google Glass immediately recognizes the room and then the ED Dashboard sends information about the patient in that room to the glasses , appearing in the clinician 's field of vision . The clinician can speak with the patient , examine the patient , and perform procedures while seeing problems , vital signs , lab results and other data .
Beth Israel has been using the Glass application for three months and will make it available to all interested doctors this month . The hospital took its Emergency Department dashboard and integrated it with Glass , making sure to deploy `` the same privacy safeguards as our existing web interface , '' Halamka wrote . `` We replaced all the Google components on the devices so that no data travels over Google servers . All data stays within the BIDMC firewall . ''
A custom user interface takes advantage of Glass gestures such as tapping and swiping , scrolling by looking up and down , and voice commands . Information displays were simplified and re-organized to fit the doctors ' view , and as such `` Google Glass does not appear to be a replacement for desktop or iPad—it is a new medium best suited for retrieval of limited or summarized information , '' Halamka wrote . `` Real-time updates and notifications is where Google Glass really differentiates itself . Paired with location services , the device can truly deliver actionable information to clinicians in real time . ''
Patients are `` intrigued '' by Google Glass , but have n't expressed any concerns about them , according to Halamka . `` Boston is home to many techies and a few patients asked detailed questions about the technology , '' he wrote . `` Our initial pilots were done with the bright orange frames—about as subtle as a neon hunter 's vest , so it was hard to miss . ''
During the beta period , Halamka 's team made various modifications including `` an external battery pack , increasing the wireless transmission power , pairing the headset with our clinical iPhones , using head tilt to control vertical scrolling , revamping our QR code reader to improve application stability , [ and ] adding an Android status bar to show wireless connection strength and battery power . ''
Dr. Steve Horng , one of the beta testers , recounted a case in which Glass speeded up his ability to treat a patient who was unable to talk at length . `` I was paged [ urgently ] to one of our resuscitation bays to take care of a patient who was having a massive brain bleed , '' Horng wrote . `` One of the management priorities for brain bleeds is to quickly control blood pressure to slow down progression of the bleed . All he could tell us was that he had severe allergic reactions to blood pressure medications , but could n't remember their names , but that it was all in the computer . ''
This is n't unusual for a patient in distress , Horng noted . In this case , `` Google Glass enabled me to view this patient 's allergy information and current medication regimen without having to excuse myself to log in to a computer , or even lose eye contact . It turned out that he was also on blood thinners that needed to be [ urgently ] reversed . By having this information readily available at the bedside , we were able to quickly start both antihypertensive therapy and reversal medications for his blood thinners , treatments that if delayed could lead to permanent disability and even death . ''
Doctors today also commonly use iPads to view patient information .
Beth Israel has deployed Glass to four doctors and conducted `` impromptu testing with at least 10 other staff members , '' Halamka wrote . Within two weeks , the hospital will do `` a full roll-out to all interested clinical providers in the ED . '' Halamka believes that wearable computing devices `` will replace tablet-based computing for many clinicians who need their hands free and instant access to information . ''
Jamiroquai 's new album ‘ Automaton ' is the comeback album fans have been waiting for . When the album 's first track was unveiled earlier this year it sounded like the group , fronted by Jay Kay , had abandoned its acid-jazz , disco boogie aesthetic for something a bit more mechanical-sounding and fresher . It seemed , on the face of it , then like the group was forgoing live instrumentation for a more synth-based aesthetic . And in some respects that 's true , the album 's title track ‘ Automaton ' is a hulking slab of mechanical disco with nods to electro and synth wave , but with a strong disco DNA bubbling just below the surface . But then there 's ‘ Cloud 9 ' , the album 's second release , and that 's more of a classic Jamiroquai cut ; a starry-eyed slice of pumping disco that pointed to an album that would be more in keeping with the group 's previous output .
Truth be told , ‘ Automaton ' falls somewhere in between the two . Almost all the tracks feature stodgy disco basslines , chatty percussion and Jay Kay in full falsetto mode alongside plenty of Chic-esque backing vocals . But they 're also furnished with plenty of modern production flourishes that give each track — like ‘ Shake It On ' and ‘ Dr Buzz ' , with its arpeggiated hooks and sculptured kicks — a more modern-sounding veneer that acts as a nice counter to Jay Kay 's classic delivery .
There 's actually very few weak songs , sure many of them do n't quite hit the heights of classics like ‘ Canned Heat ' & and ‘ Cosmic Girl ' , but that was probably never on the cards . Highlight include the propulsive chintz of ‘ Super Fresh ' , which just needs to be the next single , there 's over-the-top proto-boogie on ‘ Hot Property ' and a stripped back crooner in the form of ‘ Nights Out In The Jungle ' , though the latter 's faux rapping and scratching at the midway point just sounds a bit old-hat these days .
The only real criticism is the album losses it way a bit towards the end , with none of the final tracks managing to serve up the same sort of excitement as some of the album 's earlier cuts . ‘ We Can Do It ' sounds a little half-baked , both in execution and the phrase it chooses to repeat , ‘ Vitamin ' ups the ante and is a nitrous cut of frisky , free-flowing acid-jazz that is arguably one of the album 's more daring moments and finally , ‘ Carla ' is a juicy cut of synth pop with its dazzling melodies and Jay Kay 's crisp delivery . Yes , ‘ Automaton ' does fall between two stools at times , but when it gets it right it 's a breath of fresh air and yet still unmistakeably a Jamiroquai record at its core — it just would have been nice to hear more tracks like ‘ Automaton ' and less like ‘ We Ca n't Do It ' .
Jamiroquai 's ‘ Automaton ' is out tomorrow .
Criminals in the Netherlands made off with about 8,500 kilograms of cheese in nine different incidents last year . Remarkably , in at least one instance , the cheese was stolen with a great deal of care and love , newspaper NRC reported .
The cheese may possibly have wound up on the Russian market , thinks Irene van de Voort of the Dairy Farmers and Producers Association . Cheese has become a rare treat in Russia ever since the EU sanctioned the nation and Russia responded with boycotts of European products , she said .
“ It is a scarce commodity , and that drives the price up . It would explain why suddenly so much was stolen , ” she told the NRC .
Farmers speculate that Eastern Europeans are to blame , but have no concrete evidence proving it . Ivonne Noordam , of the Noordam dairy farm , was robbed on October 1 two years in a row . “ Exactly when the seasonal workers return to Eastern Europe .
In one of the cases , thieves made off with approximately 1,500 kilos from the De Zuidgeest cheese farm in Bergen op Zoom , Noord-Brabant . That figure was later revised up to about 2,000 kilos at a retail value of 18 thousand euros , De Zuidgeest 's Marjo Huijsmans told the newspaper .
They used a wheelbarrow to take the large wheels of cheese from the farm to cars waiting nearby . This was done “ so that the cheese would not become dirty , ” Huijsmans said . The robbers had even covered their shoes to keep the farm 's storefront floor clean .
Security was boosted at the facility , and Huijsmans is still in discussions with the insurance agency . A few months earlier , two other cheese farms in Noord-Brabant were looted .
One farm in Genderen , Noord-Brabant lost 25 thousand euros worth of cheese . The owner of the farm told the newspaper that four `` Eastern Block types '' could be seen on the security camera footage during the theft .
Meanwhile , Huijsmans hopes to have aged cheese back in stock soon . She says it will take about two more months for the cheese to hit store shelves .
A former US intelligence director has revealed that laptops seized from ISIS fighters are filled up to 80 per cent with porn films .
A former US intelligence director has revealed that laptops seized from ISIS fighters are filled up to 80 per cent with porn films .
Lieutenant General Michael Flynn , an ex-chief of the Defence Intelligence Agency says the graphic films inures extremists to carry out their hideous brutality .
And he adds that intelligence gathering and the closing down of the fanatics ' communications channels is key to beating them .
Flynn made the claims in the German newspaper Bild , where his book on winning the war against radical Salafism is being serialised .
The veteran , who is a potential running mate for Donald Trump in the US election later this year , wrote : 'We looked a ruthless enemy in the eye - women and children , girls and boys , raped and exploited , the beheadings stored on a laptop next to pornography .
'At one point we actually had determined that the material on the laptops was up to 80 per cent pornography .
'These sick , psychopathic enemies were not only unimaginably hideous , but also treacherous and torn . We had to work faster to outwit them if we wanted to beat them . '
However , it is not the first time that ISIS terrorists have been linked to having pornography on their laptops .
Last year , former London mayor Boris Johnson said that homegrown fanatics from the UK who go to join ISIS are w * * * * * s who watch porn because they ca n't find girlfriends .
He explained that British terrorists often become radicalised because of their badly adjusted relations with women and turn to extremism to stop them feeling like losers .
Speaking at the time , Mr Johnson said : 'If you look at all the psychological profiling about bombers , they typically will look at porn . They are literally w * * * * * s ' .
Meanwhile US officials also revealed in 2011 that former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had a stash of pornography as he hid in his squalid lair in Pakistan .
U.S. Navy Seals said they uncovered the x-rated films during the mission to kill the terror leader , who masterminded the 9/11 attacks .
According to officials , the commandos found a 'fairly extensive ' collection of modern porn films as they searched the building after Bin Laden was shot .
It has also been reported that the 9/11 jihadists visited strip clubs , paid for lap dances , and for prostitutes in motel rooms in Boston , Las Vegas and Florida before the attacks .
In fact the dissolution of the insolvent parts of the U.S. banking sector -- yes , the investment banks , the money-center banks , the regional banks , and the savings and loans -- would actually be an enormously positive development for the nation and indeed the world .
Let 's start with the fact that a huge number of these lenders are insolvent . If all their bad loans , bad derivative bets and off-balance sheet losses were forced to be marked to market/liquidated to raise capital , then major bank after major bank would fold/enter bankruptcy .
And what exactly would be so bad about that ? Businesses go under all the time . The truth is these banks will never ever recover the loans they wrote , so why try to prop them up with taxpayer funds ? To bail out the ultra-wealthy owners of those banks , of course .
Recall that 1 % of the citizenry own the bulk of all stocks and bonds :
Look at this chart : most of the banks have already lost half or more of their value . And has civilization fallen because the poor owners have lost half or more of their investment in the banking sector ? No .
Even at its peak of bubble hubris , the entire sector was less than 20 % of the S & P stock index 's value . Now it 's under 10 % , like it used to be . The world did n't collapse when the banking sector declined , and it wo n't fall when insolvent banks are ushered through the bankruptcy process .
Look , WAMU has already fallen from $ 35/share to under $ 5/share . So what if it goes BK ? Banks are businesses , and businesses go bankrupt all the time . United Airlines went BK and the next day employees showed up and the planes flew . When banks are liquidated/go BK , then the tellers will come to work and people will go in and do their normal banking . If a bunch of branches close , people will adapt . It will be tough on the employees let go , but how different is this than when millions of industrial and manufacturing jobs vanished over the past 20 years ?
It 's called creative destruction , and it 's like the tide : you ca n't stop it , and all the government-funded sand castles in the world ca n't stop the tide .
That 's what the Japanese government tried , and look what it got them : two decades of malaise and decline . Trying to cover up losses and keep bad debt off the books does n't solve anything ; the money 's already lost .
All these absurd bailouts have one goal : enable insolvent homeowners to bail out insolvent lenders with new loans which will inevitably go bad , too . Only it will be the taxpayer who 's stuck with the bill , not the banks who wrote the loan in the first place .
So let me repeat : not only should we as a nation let the banks go belly up , we should insist on it . Regulators should force every lender to declare all its assets and liabilities and mark them to market immediately . If the bank is insolvent , then let it enter bankruptcy . The money 's already lost ; let 's just be honest about , repudiate the debt and move on .
Yes , some pension funds and 401K accounts have suffered losses due to banking sector ownership . But those losses have already been chalked ; there 's not much downside left , so the big losers will be the fat cats , not the pensioners whose retirement fund owns a shriveling piece of WAMU or Citicorp .
Now let 's move to the other big topic : how housing costs have essentially impoverished average Americans . The number one cause of poverty in the U.S. is housing prices and rents which have risen three times faster than income since the 1960s .
As David Fischer noted in The Great Wave : Price Revolutions and the Rhythm of History ( page 219 ) :
The cost of rent and real estate in the United States multipled sixfold from 1960 to 1992 , while the consumer price index increased threefold . Prime real estate went up tenfold or more .
Take a look :
If you go the BLS CPI page and fire up the CPI inflation calculator , you 'll find that $ 100 in 1965 works out to be $ 600 in 2005 . Meanwhile , housing prices rose 20-fold or more in that timeframe even as real wages dropped :
Hmm -- productivity ( and profits ) soar , but wages actually decline , even as house prices skyrocket .
Put this all together and there is only one conclusion : to restore housing and rents to their rightful , historic levels , all 10 million distressed/foreclosed houses should be auctioned off for a $ 1 each . Let 's give the current tenant or former homeowner first dibs , with the caveats ( written into the deed ) that they must maintain the property and that they have no other real estate property or assets .
( In tony neighborhoods , auction the houses for cash . The main point : get rid of them all at once , on the cheap , done in a day nationwide , and give priority to homeowners with no other real estate assets . Investors get to pick over what 's left . )
Editor 's note : After receiving a number of well-stated emails from readers , I now think the best approach is to auction the properties off at whatever the market will bear and give the proceeds to the bondholders . My main point remains : do n't enable banks to hide bad debt if they are insolvent ; it 's better to face the music and get the houses into the hands of whomever will fix them/live in them/rent them , etc . Some resident is better than no resident or a criminal resident . ( see reader comments at the end of the entry . )
You can massage the data however you want , but big-picture , here are the facts : there are about 50 million mortgages in the U.S. , and about 10 million are either behind in payments , foreclosed , bank-owned ( REO ) or on the slippery slope down to one of these three endpoints . And there are some 22 million vacant/unused dwellings in the U.S .
I 've published these numbers ad nauseum ; please scan the archives below for the many entries which detail the statistics .
Just to recap :
1. banks/lenders are already insolvent ; the money 's already been lost . Trying to hide the fact or paper it over with taxpayer bailouts changes nothing .
2. the only people who will be hurt by the recognition of bank insolvency is fat cats/ the top 1-5 % of citizenry .
3 , housing and rents have risen three or even four times faster than wages ; to reverse poverty , the historical ratio should be re-established .
4. the best way to do this is repudiated all the bad mortgage debt and sell all the distressed homes for $ 1 to low and moderate-income people who will maintain them .
Now let 's count the ways this will help the nation .
1 . Instead of struggling to pay a bloated mortgage or skyhigh rent , millions of people will be paying nothing but property taxes . They have a stake in their house and neighborhood and every incentive to improve it . If they do n't maintain the property , they lose the house and it is given to someone who will keep it up .
2. banks do n't need to write mortgages for 10 million homes . No fees will be generated , and there is no investment banker needed to package the mortgages into deceptive securities . Good riddance . Loans are essentially commodities and should be as cheap as any other financial commodity .
3 . Property values take a huge one-time hit . OK , so we are collectively not going to retire as millionaires based on a real estate bubble . If we are collectively paying much less for rent and mortgages , then we can start saving actual money rather than feeding off a frenzy which was doomed to collapse anyway .
4. the best way to do this is repudiated all the bad mortgage debt and sell all the distressed homes for $ 1 and up to whomever will restore them to liveability and live in them/rent them -- no government funds required .
Now who would be hurt ?
1. owners of lenders ' stocks -- mostly insiders , hedge funds , financial elites . Pension fudns who did n't exit yet will take a hit but 75 % of the losses have already occured .
2. investors who bought the mortgage-backed securities and derivatives . Again : the money has already been lost , and trying to obscure this does n't help anyone .
3 . Wall Street and the thousands of jobs created spinning bad debt into bad securities . Many industries have been forced to shed hundreds of thousands of jobs ; now it 's the banking industry 's turn .
The benefits and costs will be equitably divided according to housing demand and supply . Since there will be relatively few distressed homes in desirable areas like Manhattan , San Francisco , west Los Angeles , neighborhoods in Seattle , Portland , Des Moines , Austin , Boston , you name it , then these scattered homes sold at auctionwo n't have much effect on real estate values .
In areas already devastated by 40 % declines and massive numbers of vacant homes , once again : the money 's already been lost , and no slight-of-hand or government handout can change that . So having 200 vacant houses sold for $ 1+ each would be a tremendous boon in the sense that the neighborhood 's slide into criminal anarchy will be halted .
Yes , current homeowners with high mortgages will be stuck with homes which are worth less than their mortgages ; but that 's already the case . What 's changed , except the reality that the money has already been lost has finally been accepted ?
The received wisdom is that allowing banks and lenders to go bankrupt would be a national tragedy . Quite the opposite : trying to prop them and the overpriced , poverty-creating housing market up is the national tragedy . The money 's been lost already , so let 's just admit the reality and move on . That 's what bankrupcty is all about -- a healthy recognition of reality .
Readers ' comments/corrections/scolds : great thinking here , read them all .
What 's For Dinner at Your House has been updated ! Four cheap , quick , healthy tasty meals : Crockpot Lentil Soup , Skillet Stuff , Quick Chili , Frijoles Charros ( Black Bean Chili ) . Meals for $ .53 per big healthy serving !
New Reader commentaries and essays :
Readers Journal commentaries week of July 1 , 2008
Survival strategies and more .
Social Contracts and the Art of Survival .
Thank you , Colin L. ( $ 50 ) , for your extremely generous contribution to this site . I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
An international team of astronomers has discovered evidence that our Milky Way had an encounter with a small galaxy or massive dark matter structure perhaps as recently as 100 million years ago , and as a result of that encounter it is still ringing like a bell .
The discovery is based on observations of 300,000 nearby Milky Way stars by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) . Stars in the disk of the Milky Way move up and down at a speed of about 20-30 kilometers per second while orbiting the center of the galaxy at a brisk 220 kilometers per second . The positions and motions of these nearby stars were n't quite as regular as previously thought , according to the study results .
`` We clearly observe unexpected differences in the Milky Way 's stellar distribution above and below the Galaxy 's mid-plane having the appearance of a vertical wave -- something that nobody has seen before , '' says Queen 's University physicist Larry Widrow , lead researcher on the project .
The researchers have not been able to identify the celestial object that passed through the Milky Way . It could have been one of the small satellite galaxies that move around the center of our galaxy , or an invisible structure such as a dark matter halo . It might not have been a single isolated event in the past , and it may even be ongoing .
The researchers discovered a small but statistically significant difference in the distribution of stars north and south of the Milky Way 's midplane when analyzing SDSS data . For more than a year , they explored various explanations of this north-south asymmetry but were unable to solve the mystery . So they began exploring whether the data was telling them something about recent events in the Galaxy 's history .
Scientists know of more than 20 visible satellite galaxies that circle the center of the Milky Way , with masses ranging from one million to one billion solar masses . There may also be invisible satellites made of dark matter . There is six times as much dark matter in the universe as ordinary , visible matter . Astronomers ' computer simulations have found that this invisible matter formed hundreds of massive structures that move around our Milky Way .
These dark matter satellites , because of their abundance , are more likely than the visible satellite galaxies to cut through the Milky Way 's mid-plane and cause vertical waves .
Computer simulations indicate that over the next 100 million years or so , our galaxy will `` stop ringing . '' The north-south asymmetry will disappear and the vertical motions of stars in the solar neighborhood will revert back to their equilibrium orbits unless we get hit again .
Collaborators on the project include Brian Yanny and Scott Dodelson ( US Department of Energy 's Fermilab ) , Susan Gardner , ( University of Kentucky ) and Hsin-Yu Chen ( University of Chicago ) .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations on Sept. 30 , 2015 . ( Kena Betancur/AFP/Getty Images )
JERUSALEM — Was Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas a Soviet spy in the 1980s ?
A report Wednesday night by Israel 's Channel 1 News seems to indicate that he was a KGB agent for a period of time , although the Palestinian Authority very quickly denied the claims , calling them another Israeli slur against the struggling president .
The news report , which was based on research carried out by two Israeli professors , revealed that the cryptic information was hidden in documents from the Mitrokhin archive , a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin . Mitrokhin smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain . Cambridge University 's Churchill College made the papers public in 2014 .
In the documents , the report says , just few lines refer to the now octogenarian Palestinian leader : His code name was “ Krotov ” or Mole and he worked with the Soviet secret police and security agency in Damascus circa 1983 .
Gideon Remez and Isabella Ginor , the two researchers from the Truman Research Institute at Hebrew University of Jerusalem , said that Abbas worked for the KGB under Mikhail Bogdanov , who was then based in Damascus and is now Russia 's special envoy to the Middle East .
On Monday , Bogdanov held meetings in Jerusalem with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in an attempt to broker a summit between the Israeli and Palestinian leaders . Wednesday 's news report also pointed out that Russian President Vladimir Putin was a KGB lieutenant colonel during the 1980s .
Speaking to Channel 1 's Foreign News Editor , Oren Nahari , the Hebrew University researchers said the documents are relevant today because of Russia 's growing role in the region and its possible influence on Abbas .
[ Israel and Russia : BFFs ? Netanyahu 's budding ‘ bromance ' with Putin ]
The Palestinian Authority , however , issued a statement denying the report . It called the allegation a `` smear campaign '' by Israel .
Jamal Dajani , director of strategic communications at the prime minister 's office , dismissed the report .
“ The Israeli Government and its surrogates are using smoke and mirrors to confuse the public and deceive the international community in order to derail any efforts to revive the peace process , while appropriating more Palestinian land and building new illegal settlements , ” Dajani said .
Mohammed al-Madani , a member of Abbas 's Fatah party told Israeli daily Haaretz that it was another attempt by Israel to “ discredit Abbas . ”
“ There 's a clear trend of attempting to damage Abu Mazen by various elements , including Israel , '' said al-Madani , referring to Abbas by his nickname . `` This is another attempt to slander him . ''
Madani said the relationship between the Soviet Union and the Palestine Liberation Organization started after then-Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat visited Moscow in the 1960s and the Soviets once supplied the Palestinians with firearms .
Abbas eventually served as a liaison to the Russians on behalf of the PLO . He also spent time in Moscow as a student and wrote his doctoral thesis on the Holocaust while studying there .
Khaled Elgindy , a fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Center for Middle East Policy who has advised the Palestinian leadership in its negotiations with Israel , said the Soviet Union 's relationship with the PLO and with Abbas in particular were already known . At the time in question , Abbas acted as the PLO 's outreach person to Moscow , a city where he lived while working for the equivalent of a doctorate at Patrice Lumumba University , so he clearly spoke with Soviet officials .
Elgindy , who has not seen the documents himself and can not confirm their authenticity , said it is difficult to assess whether Abbas was a full-fledged KGB agent .
“ There are a lot of world leaders who were , for example , CIA agents at various times in their political careers , ” he said . “ King Hussein of Jordan and others were on the CIA payroll at one point or another . But it 's not entirely clear what that meant . ”
If the accounts are true , Elgindy said , it likely will have no political impact , neither domestically nor diplomatically .
“ I do n't think it will affect his standing , such as it is , among the Palestinian public , ” he said . “ Russia is not that controversial for Palestinians to begin with . He 's at the end of his career anyway . People are already talking about successors and what comes next . And if suddenly tomorrow there was a breakthrough in the peace process , I doubt this would have any bearing whatsoever . He would still be the head of the PLO and president of the Palestinian Authority . ”
Carol Morello in Washington contributed to this report .
Read more :
Ten years after last Lebanon war , Israel warns next one will be far worse
Israel says Tel Aviv attackers were ‘ inspired ' by ISIS — and planned to dip knives in rat poison
Israel 's defense minister compares Palestinian 's poetry to Hitler 's ‘ Mein Kampf '
Hear the radio version of this story .
Black bears are on their way to Middle Tennessee . That 's the cautious heads-up coming from state wildlife officials , who say residents will need to get accustomed to living with bears in the vicinity .
Already , bear sightings are picking up at the edge of the Cumberland Plateau , in places like Macon County to the northeast of Nashville . In Coffee and Franklin counties to the southeast , there have even been some cubs spotted , which suggests reproduction rather than a bear simply passing through . And there 's nothing stopping black bears from encroaching on population centers .
`` It 's going to come as a shock , '' says Dan Gibbs , Tennessee 's lead wildlife official overbears .
Gibbs spends most of his time in and around the Smoky Mountains . But his work has been creeping west . He says Middle Tennessee should brace for bears .
`` They wo n't come overnight and people just wake up and bears will be everywhere , but you 'll start hearing there 's a bear sighting over here or a bear sighting over there , '' he says . `` We hope what we get people to understand is hey , my neighbors are seeing a bear . There are certain things that I need to do to ensure that it does n't hang around the house . ''
Especially in the spring , as bears are coming out of their dens looking for food , trash has to be better contained , grills need extra cleaning . Even bird seed and dog food can attract bears . Ideally , Gibbs says bears need to be on the move , roaming miles every day . He says only when they hang out in one area do game wardens know there might be a problem .
Bears were hunted to death in all but 11 mountainous counties in Tennessee , according to state records . They began bouncing back in the 1970s after new regulations and a crackdown on poaching in the 1980s .
It 's been years since Tennessee took a reliable count , but Gibbs says a thorough population estimate should be completed in the next three years .
As for the future , the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency expects to take a hands-off approach , avoiding trapping and relocating bears if at all possible .
`` We 're going to let bear population take care of itself , '' Gibbs says . `` They 're just reclaiming their old territory . ''
The skipper of an Iceberg Quest Ocean Tours boat charged — along with the company — for getting too close to a whale is not yet finished at provincial court , almost three years after the incident .
Walter Reddick , 63 , was set to see his trial wrapped up Friday in St. John 's but after six days — two in March and four this week – the court will now hear four more days of testimony in October .
Reddick , of Tors Cove , has been charged with disturbing a marine mammal under the Fisheries Act , the first time such charges have been laid in Newfoundland and Labrador .
The incident happened near Cape Spear at the beginning of August 2014 . Reddick had a boatload of tourists out for a whale-watching and iceberg-spotting excursion , and there was a humpback whale in the area .
A CBC crew was filming on a Department of Fisheries and Oceans boat in the area at the same time , and recorded video of Reddick 's vessel near the whale .
That video is key evidence in the trial , and was played again in court Friday .
DFO is investigating an incident where two boats were chasing whales 1:40
The Crown has called eyewitnesses who were on the DFO boat at the time . A manager with the department testified Friday afternoon , regarding the Fisheries Act .
With more witnesses and more details to go over , both the Crown and defence agreed to more time in October .
In court Friday , Judge Jacqueline Brazil said it had to wrap up then .
`` When these trials stop and start it makes my job harder , '' she said , because of having to go back over evidence .
The defence lawyer responded , `` It makes our job harder too . ''
The trial for the company , Iceberg Quest Ocean Tours , is scheduled for the fall .
The access gates on Amsterdam Central Station are locked from today . From now on travelers will have to check in with their public transit card to gain access to the station and platforms , NOS reports .
People only visiting the station to say goodbye to someone , or visit one of the stores in the station , can check in and out for free within one hour .
The intention is to also lock the gates at Amsterdam Sloterdijk station before the end of the year . According to NOS , then 75 of the over 400 train stations in the Netherlands will have locked gates .
According to NS , the locked gates are an effective measure against people using the trains without paying . `` We notice that more and more travelers are getting used to it and see the benefits of the gates . It 's also an effective means of not forgetting to check in or out '' , commercial director Hans Peters of NS said to NOS in September .
Former White House counsel John Dean
Former White House counsel John Dean offered a harsh assessment of President Donald Trump 's mental state after the President again claimed that he is not under investigation by special prosecutor Robert Mueller .
“ The president today called The New York Times today to talk about Manafort 's indictment , calling Maggie Haberman , he said quote , ‘ I 'm not under investigation as you know , ' ” CNN anchor Erin Burnett noted .
“ I think he 's living in an unreal world , ” Dean observed . “ He does n't really read the The New York Times apparently . He does n't want to look at any mainstream media . ”
“ He is so out of touch with reality it 's frightening , ” Dean concluded .
Dean was a central figure in the Watergate coverup and was disbarred after pleading guilty to obstruction of justice .
“ The fact that he is out of touch is the fact that he has no real establishment people that are close to him that could have warned him about somebody like a [ Paul ] Manafort . That 's well-known , those were not secrets , they were apparently to [ Trump ] , but Manafort had a reputation and his firm was known for some shady business before he joined the campaign , ” Dean explained .
This article originally appeared on http : //newsbtc.com/2014/05/01/dark-wallet/
May Day , May Day , it 's about to get dark .
Dark Wallet ( Alpha ) , the bitcoin wallet software that uses the power of encryption and technology of CoinJoin , has been released .
The legality of coin mixing services is still unclear , and the fact that some coin mixing services go by names like ‘ The Bitcoin Laundry ' and ‘ BitLaundry ' does not bode well in the regulatory spotlight . Although , one can argue the right to financial privacy because bitcoin is only pseudo-anonymous .
I took my questions to computer security expert , Kristov Atlas , author of Anonymous Bitcoin , to see what he thought .
“ You 've got to admire Cody and Amir for their candor concerning their goals for financial privacy. ” – Kristov Atlas
How do you feel about Dark Wallet ?
“ Dark Wallet looks like an excellent tool for improving Bitcoin privacy . It should make privacy much more accessible to the common Bitcoin user . Bitcoin is n't very private for the average user because of the ways they are using it and the software they 're using . One of the reasons I wrote a book about how to achieve Bitcoin privacy was because the tools that you need are all over the place , and deciding between competing options is beyond the savvy of the average Bitcoin enthusiast . Dark Wallet should help to consolidate many of those tools into one , easy-to-use software package . ”
People will view this as a way to more easily launder bitcoins to facilitate trade in online black markets , funding of radical groups or other nefarious activities , what would you say to this argument ?
“ It will be a long while still before bitcoin is used for more criminal activity than the legacy banking system , so for now that 's a red herring . Also , I think many liberty proponents have made a strong argument that the worst human crimes are being done openly by people in power . Compared to those moral crimes , bitcoin and dark wallet actually can * never * be used for criminal activities on the same scale because of the inherent limitations programmed into Bitcoin . ”
This is really what crypto-anarchy comes down to , can the government regulate this ?
“ As long as the code is open source and anyone can run it , I think they will have a very difficult time attempting to regulate it . Ever since the crypto wars of the late 20th century , cryptographers have maintained their legal right to release code as freedom of speech . If they attempt to block or identify traffic from Dark Wallet , they will likely only drive the developers to make it darker . It 's a cat and mouse game , and the mice have been winning for the last decade . Satoshi also has proved that , regardless of our legal freedoms , it 's still possible to unleash technology pseudonymously and without asking for permission from anyone else . ”
So do you think Dark Wallet is good for Bitcoin ?
“ Dark Wallet will still be a little rough around the edges when it first launches — Amir has talked publicly about how they still have plans to improve Dark Wallet by increasing the number of people you can simultaneously mix your coins with , integrating access to privacy networks like Tor… but this is helping Bitcoin catch up . Lately altcoins like Darkcoin have been the leaders in improving crypto-currency privacy , and Dark Wallet potentially stands to put Bitcoin back in the lead . ”
Dark Wallet Alpha is available for download at darkwallet.is/download .
[ textmarker color= ” C24000″ ] Source [ /textmarker ] Wired [ textmarker color= ” C24000″ ] Image [ /textmarker ] Andy Greenberg / Wired
Australia and New Zealand have said they hope to salvage the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) by encouraging China and other Asian countries to sign up , after President Donald Trump formally pulled the US out of the huge trade deal .
The agreement , the biggest trade deal in history , was signed in 2015 by 12 countries , which together account for 40 percent of the global economy .
TPP SIGNATORIES Australia , Vietnam , Canada , Chile , Japan , Malaysia , Mexico , New Zealand , Peru , Singapore , Brunei , United States ( withdrawn )
Malcolm Turnbull , Australia 's prime minister , said on Tuesday his government was in `` active discussions '' with other signatories - including Japan , New Zealand and Singapore - on how to salvage the agreement .
`` It is possible that US policy could change over time on this , as it has done on other trade deals , '' Turnbull told reporters in Canberra , adding that the nominee for US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and other Republicans supported the TPP .
`` There is also the opportunity for the TPP to proceed without the United States , '' he added . `` Certainly there is the potential for China to join the TPP . ''
The agreement , which has not yet gone into effect , was seen as a counter to China 's rising economic influence .
OPINION : If TPP fails , China takes advantage
Steven Ciobo , Australian trade minister , said Australia , Canada , Mexico and others had canvassed for a pact without the US at a World Trade Organisation ministerial meeting in Davos .
`` There would be scope for China if we were able to reformulate it to be a TPP 12 minus one , for countries like Indonesia or China or indeed other countries to consider joining , '' Ciobo told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
`` This is very much a live option and we are pursuing it - it will be the focus of conversations for some time to come . ''
Bill English , New Zealand 's prime minister , expressed similar views , saying that China 's government `` has n't been slow to spot the opportunity '' to cast itself as a free trade supporter .
There was a willingness towards `` making an effort to find out what we can do with TPP , rather than just dropping it and waiting and hoping to get a call [ from Washington ] about bilateral agreements sometime '' , he told reporters in Wellington .
Trump declared on Monday he had `` terminated '' TPP in line with election pledges to cancel the `` job killer '' pact .
The US president said he would pursue bilateral deals with TPP signatories to secure terms more favourable to Washington .
But English said a US-New Zealand pact would be challenging , given Trump 's insistence that his government would dictate terms .
China has long been noncommittal on the idea of joining the TPP , choosing to back an alternative trade pact .
The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership ( RCEP ) , a more modest deal , calls for lower and more limited regulatory standards .
It includes the 10 members of the Southeast Asian grouping ASEAN plus China , India , Japan , South Korea , Australia and New Zealand , but notably excludes the US .
At a regular press briefing on Tuesday , Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying remained coy about Beijing joining the TPP , simply noting that China supports `` open , transparent , and win-win '' trade pacts .
CON : They scare away perfectly nice people .
Giant breed dogs often get judged as intimidating due to their size . I 've had drive-thru workers who are afraid to pass me my food through the window because Luna and Argos were in the back , despite the fact that the worst thing the worker would have experienced was a bucket of drool . Pizza delivery men , UPS delivery workers , and neighbors have all been stricken by fear when I have opened the door , holding back Luna and Argos by their collars to prevent an assault of licking and cuddling .
PRO : You can play rough ( er ) .
Sometimes it 's fun to be able to use all of your strength in a tug of war game or get knocked down when your dog runs at you full speed . Playing with the Pyrs is definitely easier than playing with my Chihuahua because I do n't have to be careful when it comes to my own strength hurting them . My best friend 's Great Dane loves to play rough with her and her family and , considering he 's bigger than most of them , it makes for a pretty epic tussle .
CON : They often do n't know their own strength .
This goes hand in hand with giant dogs not knowing they 're giant . My giant dogs would never intentionally hurt me , but considering they weigh more than me , twice as much as me when being walked together , accidents do happen . Argos ' Pyr-paw ( the breed 's infamous act of placing one paw on you when wanting attention ) has resulted in a whack to the face or a scrape on my arm . The other day , Luna and Argos saw a stray cat while on their walk , and both sprinted full speed toward it . Me , being unmoving and less powerful than 200 pounds of pure muscle , got yanked off my feet and dragged a foot on the ground before they realized what they 'd done and came to check on me .
However , I will note here that giant dogs , Pyrenees and Great Danes in personal experience , are often hyper-sensitive to the small size of children . When a child is in the room , my Pyrs automatically calm down and will let that child do almost anything to them without reaction .
The reason nobody likd Wesley Crusher is because , frankly , the character sucked . You 'd hate ANY character that was so joltingly inconsistent with the show .
Generally speaking , the characters on STTNG were pretty well developed ; for the most part they were consistently done . There were some horrible errors - Picard turning down the chance to wipe out the Borg being Primo Example Numero Uno - but , you could believe them .
You could n't believe Wesley ; he was impossible to buy . Being The Great Boy Genius was bad enough - it 's a terrible cliche - but his forced insertion into the crew smacked of a lack of imagination . `` We need a kid . Uh , let 's put him on the bridge . '' It defies the suspension of disbelief , for one thing - it 's inconceivable that a huge military fleet would have a kid at the helm of the flagship . For one thing , can you imagine you the OTHER junior officers on board would freak out ? They 'd be in Riker 's face 24 hours a day : `` I 've been in Starfleet for 15 years and I 've been slaving away on this tub for five years and I was first in my class at the Academy and I work like a dog and I was next in line to be first helmsman and that brat 's running the ship AHHHHHHHH ! '' No friggin ' way .
I think Wil Wheaton 's a good actor , and it 's a shame they did n't do more with Wesley . Had they made him more of an outsider , more of a thorn in Beverley 's side , less of a genius , and worked on his relationship with his mother and with Picard , I think we 'd be far more positive towards the character . Instead , he was just the crew member who happened to be a kid - he did n't add much to the show 's dynamic . A far better choice would have been to make him outside the crew , a kid with his own problems . The character of Alexander , Worf 's kid , was far better done ; he WAS a problem for his dad , and the relationship between Worf and Alexander helped flesh those characters out far more than the relationship between Wesley and Beverley ( and Wesley and Picard , his adopted father figure . ) It 's telling that the only time I ever really liked watching the Wesley character was when he was interacting with Picard on a personal level .
The other problem with Wesley - well , really , it was the same problem - was Beverley . You never seem to hear anyone saying it , but I thought she was a terrible , terrible character , a sort of Saint Beverley of Sick Bay thing . She was the Gaia Mother of the ship 19 episodes out of 20 ; most of the time she was the perfect mother and the galaxy 's most caring and perfect healer . I did n't buy her at all , and that contributed to the weakness of Wesley 's character .
I always bought the idea of having families on the ship . I think it could be reasonably hypothesized that given the nature of the duties asked of Starfleet personnel , and knowing what I know about military service and the attributes of good soldiers , that the increase in morale and productivity would more than compensate for the added risk . I think it 's quite reasonable to surmise that values in the 24th century would be sufficiently different that they 'd take this risk . And in MOST cases the family angle was really interesting : Worf and Alexander , or O'Brien and Keiko . They just blew their chance with Wesley by making him a kid genius . The whole `` Ender 's Game Ultra Genius Kid '' thing is too hackneyed to work on a weekly show . Reply With Quote
The Republican battle against the President Obama 's new birth-control mandate will continue until the policy is reversed , the top GOP senator warned Sunday .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE said Obama 's rule requiring employer-based healthcare plans – even those sponsored by faith-based groups – to cover contraception infringes on the religious freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution . The Kentucky Republican vowed to fight the policy until the White House `` backs down . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` In this country the government does n't get to tell you or your organization what your religious views are – and they could well be minority views – but the Bill of Rights is designed to protect the minority from the will of the majority , '' McConnell said on CBS 's `` Face the Nation . ''
`` So this issue will not go away until the administration simply backs down . They do n't have the authority … to tell someone in this country , or some organization in this country , what their religious beliefs are . Therein lies the problem . ''
RELATED : McConnell : Obama demeans presidency
Obama on Friday outlined his plan to guarantee female workers – even those employed by Catholic hospitals , universities and charities – free access to birth control . Critics had attacked an earlier version of that plan because it required employers to cover the cost . In an effort to allay those concerns , Obama shifted the cost burden of the contraceptives from the objecting employer to the employer 's insurance company .
Making the rounds on the Sunday shows , White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew Jacob ( Jack ) Joseph LewOvernight Finance : US reaches deal with ZTE | Lawmakers look to block it | Trump blasts Macron , Trudeau ahead of G-7 | Mexico files WTO complaint Obama-era Treasury secretary : Tax law will make bipartisan deficit-reduction talks harder GOP Senate report says Obama officials gave Iran access to US financial system MORE said the policy threads the needle between protecting religious freedom and ensuring women have access to comprehensive healthcare services . Lew said those were Obama 's goals all along .
`` His position was , is and has been that women have a right to a full range of preventative health , including contraception , and you have to do it in a way that 's respectful of religious differences , '' he told `` Face the Nation . ''
In a post at the White House blog the administration touted the support of numerous groups including Catholic Charities , Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice America .
White House Deputy Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri said the policy had `` earned praise from a wide range of individuals and organizations . ''
But while the policy was welcomed by Democrats and women 's healthcare groups – including some Catholic affiliates – it was panned by Republicans and the US Conference of Catholic Bishops , which want the mandate rescinded .
RELATED : McConnell : Obama contraceptive decision 'abhorrent '
The outcry , McConnell charged , just `` underscores '' the constitutional problems with the Democrats ' healthcare reform law , which was the source of the new policy . On Monday , Senate Republicans will file an amicus brief in the Supreme Court case against the healthcare law , McConnell said .
Behind Sen. Roy Blunt Roy Dean BluntPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Dems set to challenge Trump during his foreign trip Demands grow for a public Mueller report MORE ( R-Mo . ) , some Republicans want not only to repeal the mandate on faith-based non-profits , but to extend waivers to any group or person who objects to the coverage requirements for either religious or moral reasons .
McConnell said he 'd `` be happy to support '' legislation repealing the mandate , but did n't seem to endorse the Blunt bill specifically .
`` We 'll be voting on that [ repeal ] in the Senate , and you can anticipate that that will happen as soon as possible , '' he said .
RELATED : Rep. Ryan : Revised rule an 'accounting trick '
This story was updated at 4:34 p.m .
A Confession of the God Who became Man in Jesus Christ The Lord
He Who is from God , God the Word , the only-begotten Son of the Father , of one essence with the Father , Being from Being ineffably begotten of the Father without a mother before all ages - the very same is born in the last days to a daughter of men , to the Virgin Mary without a father . God is born incarnate , wearing flesh borrowed from her , having become man , which He was not , and remaining God , which He was , in order to save the world . And He is Christ , the Son of God , the only-begotten of the Father and the only-begotten of His Mother .
I confess One and the Same as both perfect God and perfect Man , in two natures , united in one hypostasis or person , recognized as indivisibly and unconfused and unchangeably God Who was clothed in flesh , animated by an intelligent and rational soul , and came to resemble us in every way except sin .
One and the Same is earthly and heavenly , temporal and eternal , both with and without beginning , timeless and subject to time , created and uncreated , suffering and free of suffering , God and Man and perfect in both . One in two natures , in both Unitary .
- St. Ephraim the Syrian , A Spiritual Psalter , or Reflections on God , excerpted by Bishop Theophan the Recluse
Senior members of the US Congress have defied President Obama by arguing the UK will remain “ at the front of the queue ” for trade deals with the superstate if it quits the EU .
Mr Obama said the opposite during a dramatic intervention in the referendum campaign when he visited the UK back in April .
But 11 Republican members of the Congress , including Mac Thornberry , chairman of the House armed services committee , have written to the president arguing his claims were “ misguided ” .
“ Regardless of the outcome of the referendum , citizens of the United Kingdom should know that we will continue to regard our relations with the United Kingdom as a central factor in the foreign , security and trading policies of the United States , ” they wrote .
The group , which also includes Devin Nunes , chairman of the intelligence committee , argues the US should not take a stance on the outcome of the vote on Thursday , writing :
“ We await the decision of the British people in the certainty that their vote , while it may open new opportunities for co-operation with our British friends and allies , will not diminish any of our vital ties . ”
Chris Grayling , the Leader of the House of Commons and Brexit campaigners , welcomed the intervention .
He said : `` The reality is that very many of Britain 's friends in Washington are relaxed about what we decide on Thursday and they want to make sure the special relationship remains strong whether we leave or remain in the EU .
“ What 's more President Obama 's comment that Britain would be back of the queue for future agreements is thought to be ridiculous by many of our friends and allies on Capitol Hill . ''
A match in the Indian I-League narrowly missed the invasion of over a dozen poisonous snakes after Mohun Bagan took on Arrows on Sunday .
• First XI : Wild Things
The Kalyani Stadium near Kolkata saw the reptiles slither their way onto the field shortly after a 3-2 win , while they were also spotted near the dressing room as the players were engaged in the game .
No-one was injured , but I-League CEO Sunanda Dhar told The Indian Express when asked if the venue would be banned : `` No , we have n't taken such a decision yet . But we have instructed the authorities to take proper measures to ensure that snakes are removed from the premises of the stadium . ''
Kalyani Municipality chairman PK Sur revealed that the local area had become infested with snakes due to the recent hot weather , while Bagan midfielder Rahim Nabi told the paper : `` I for one would be afraid of playing there again . ''
All the signs are that a military invasion of Ukraine 's restive eastern provinces by Russian forces is not on the cards . The likeliest scenario is that Moscow will allow Kiev to gradually claw back control of the east , though a prolonged crisis in relations with the West remains unavoidable .
Drawing by Alexei Iorsh . Click to enlarge the image
It appears that the Russian leadership has taken a decision to refrain in principle from an open military intervention in southeast Ukraine . That many follows from the reported details of a telephone conversation between the Russian and U.S. defense ministers and the alleged subsequent withdrawal of Russian troops from the border with Ukraine . That , in turn , served as a starting point for a new and more active phase of the military operation against pro-autonomy gunmen by Ukrainian government forces .
As for covert Russian military participation in the events in the region , if there was such , it has been insignificant . The armed clashes of the past several days have made it clear that the pro-Russian rebels have only a very small core of people with real combat training .
An important role in that core group , it would appear , belongs to Russian nationalists with real combat experience behind them , but their attitude to the Russian state is ambiguous , to say the least .
The man leading the armed militia in Slavyansk , Igor Girkin-Strelkov , judging by data available so far and by his own statements on internet forums , adheres to rather radical nationalist views . He likes the current ruling regime in Russia no more than do the participants in opposition protests in Moscow 's Bolotnaya Square .
His image is further enhanced by the richness of biographical details he himself has made public ( including information on where he used to serve ) , the lack of even the most basic effort to maintain secrecy , and his involvement with the historical re-enactment movement .
Strelkov is , most likely , a retired low-rank officer with a special-purpose FSB unit with some aspirations and ideas on `` how to rebuild Russia '' . This is not such an uncommon type among former security officers in Russia , take for instance the now convicted colonel Vladimir Kvachkov . People like this often choose to be in the center of events , but official bureaucracy does not like dealing with them .
There is nobody in southeast Ukraine who looks anything like the well-trained and impressively equipped men in uniforms without insignia who were deployed to Crimea ahead of the referendum there . The small combat core of the rebels have rather modest armaments . Moreover , there is nothing solid to indicate that these armaments came from post-Soviet Russia .
The shoulder-fired air defense system that was used on the first day of fighting was most probably seized by the rebels when they disarmed units of Ukraine 's 25th Airborne Brigade . In Soviet times , each airborne company was supposed to have four portable air defense systems , and one can assume that today 's regulations in the Ukrainian armed forces are not that much different .
The fact that since the first day of heavy fighting the system has not been used again confirms that it was booty , most probably the sole such system seized , with few munitions .
The role the Russian secret services play in the drama unfolding in southeast Ukraine consists in no more than watching the situation and , perhaps , maintaining contacts with individual militia leaders . Russia intends to sit and watch Kiev suppress the rebellion in the southeast .
There are probably two reasons for this . The first is the fear of economic sanctions that the U.S. and Germany have threatened to impose in the event of any military intervention . The second is that Moscow does not want to get involved in a conflict that could be potentially destructive for its economy over large territories with large economic problems and a predominantly Ukrainian population whose sentiments are far from uniform , which Russia has never been particularly interested in .
At the moment , it appears that the Ukrainian government forces , despite their poor organization , low morale and poor training , are slowly , with setbacks and losses , but surely closing the circle around the rebels . They will most probably regain control over those territories in time to make it possible to conduct a presidential election on May 25 with at least a semblance of legality .
It would however be erroneous to interpret this as a sign that an end to the Ukrainian crisis is in sight . A military operation , conducted by poorly trained troops and with support of paramilitary nationalist groups , can not but cause anger among the population .
The tragic events in Odessa will only make this anger worse . This is a powerful time bomb planted under Ukrainian statehood for generations to come .
The prospects of that statehood were unclear as it is . After Yanukovych was overthrown , Ukraine reaped all the possible evils of a revolution except its only possible benefit : a change of political elite . All the visible presidential candidates , including Yulia Tymoshenko , have a long history in Ukrainian power .
At different times , all of them have been perceived as an epitome of local corruption . Ukraine is doomed to a long political crisis with a further radicalization of politics , with the factors of ethnicity , language and religion coming to the fore .
Russia , the EU and the U.S. will inevitably be drawn into all new domestic Ukrainian upheavals . Given the mutual distrust their leaders have displayed , confrontation between them is set to continue .
Furthermore , after Russia 's annexation of Crimea , the U.S. has the important task of restoring its strongly undermined clout by punishing Russia , turning it into a rogue state . Direct and indirect sanctions will be imposed against Russia gradually over a period of many years , as the European and U.S. economies become prepared for them .
By refusing to intervene in Ukraine 's southeast we have not averted the threat of sanctions but have just bought ourselves some time to prepare for them by re-orienting our economic , science , technology and other ties towards Asia and by putting import-replacement programs in place .
It is for the sake of this that , for the next several weeks , Russian TV channels will be showing us how `` the other side '' in eastern Ukraine are gradually killing `` ours '' with the wholehearted approval of the U.S. president and the German chancellor . This spectacle will change Russian society , predetermining Russia 's political history for decades to come .
Vasily Kashin is an expert with the Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies
First published in Russian at Vedomosti .
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta .
GOG.com has always been about bringing you the widest selection of the greatest games : classic , new , all DRM-free . To keep this up we need to grow , and to grow we want to reach out to more gamers worldwide . We 've already unveiled a French and German version of our store , and today we 're introducing Russian to GOG.com ! ( Did you know that it 's the second most used language on the internet ? ) We already have more than 150 games in Russian in our catalog , and today we celebrate by releasing six new DRM-free games - including two digital distribution exclusives and three weeklong discounts : Galactic Assault : Prisoner of Power ( digital distribution exclusive ) Sea Dogs ( digital distribution exclusive ) Pilot Brothers ( -33 % ) Men of War ( -50 % ) Death to Spies ( -50 % ) We have over 30 more games on sale this weekend up to 75 % off : Russian-language games straight `` From Russian with Love `` ! That includes not just the new releases , but also the King 's Bounty saga , S.T.A.L.K.E.R . series and more . Everyone is invited to mingle , and it 's as good a time as any to break down gaming 's largest language barriers one discount at a time.With an all-new website language , localised customer support , and a dedicated Russian forum , we 're hoping to become the right place for all of our Russian-speaking gamers . We 're also adjusting our prices in those regions . For over a year we 've been offering games at lower prices in Russia and other independent countries that emerged from the USSR , places where game prices have historically been lower than in western markets . Starting today , more games will be priced appropriately for these territories . We 've decided to adjust our pricing to the realities of the market , to avoid a sense that you have to pay more to get your games DRM-free or that GOG.com games are more expensive than other stores that operate in those regions.Just in case you 're wondering , introducing these price changes wo n't affect the way gifting works today on GOG.com .
The Obama administration , by way of the NTIA ( National Telecommunications and Information Administration ) , today officially petitioned the FCC to voice its opinion that carriers should be required unlock customer 's phones . The petition cuts right to the point , stating that US consumers should be able to request that their phone , tablet or other device be unlocked — and have it done free of charge and with no strings attached .
“ Americans should be able to use their mobile devices on whatever networks they choose and have their devices unlocked without hassle . ''
Said NTIA Administrator Lawrence E. Strickling , going further to say that the burden of handling unlocking should be put on the carrier , not the users , and that the process should be `` expeditious and transparent . '' A Library of Congress decision regarding the DMCA took the ability for consumers to legally unlock their phones last year , and this petition hopes to secure these rights outside of that act .
The NTIA claims that carriers have plenty of mechanisms for keeping customers on their networks and following their rules , regardless of ability to unlock a handset and take it to a competitor . And we can likely all agree that this is the case , as unlocking a phone does n't change the fact that you may still be in a service contract with that carrier . Although this is a great step in the direction of consumers having control over their devices , it 's up to the FCC to create the framework for this to happen . The NTIA is hoping to get the ball rolling though , stating :
`` The petition requests that the FCC immediately initiate the process of setting rules that protect Americans ' investments in mobile devices by allowing them to use their equipment with any compatible network . ''
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
A longtime puppet designer and performer , Goelz was picked up by Jim Henson and company to design Muppets for various television projects in the early 70 's . By the time Jim Henson and Frank Oz were beginning work on `` The Muppet Show '' , they managed to convince Dave to come work as a puppeteer . He soon began to perform and develop such memorable characters as the Great Gonzo and Dr. Bunsen Honeydew . He has gone on to become a principal Muppeteer and one of the major talents of the Jim Henson Company .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : The Muppet Avenger
Spouse ( 1 )
Debra Freeman ( ? - present ) ( 2 children )
trademark ( 1 )
Best known for his association with The Muppets and in particular the character of The Great Gonzo which he has performed since 1970 .
Trivia ( 2 )
Began working for 'Jim Henson ' as a puppet builder .
Personal Quotes ( 2 )
Jim had five children of his own , and by nature was extremely playful . He related well to children because he could access that part of himself . The fascinating thing was that while he functioned as an astute businessman , he could integrate play into the process .
I now have children of my own , and have come to believe that we are all born perfect - well , maybe not absolutely perfect , but certainly completely without evil . As a parent , one of my goals is to see whether I can raise my children to survive in the world without losing that childlike innocence , trust , optimism , curiosity , and decency . I am certain it is possible because Jim was the living embodiment of it .
On Muppets head writer , Jerry Juhl : `` There 's a philosophy I think Jim [ Henson ] started out with - that people are basically good , life is to be enjoyed , take care of other people , there 's enough for everybody - and Jerry [ Juhl ] was absolutely in sync with that . ''
Kartellen + FÖLJ
Svenska artisten avslöjar : ” Jag utförde Arlandarånet ”
” Jag planerade det och var med och utförde det ”
avJakob Meijer , Agnes Aronsson
NÖJE 21 augusti 2017 06:00
Han har misstänkts vara inblandad i ett av de mest uppmärksammade rånen i svensk kriminalhistoria .
För ETC avslöjar nu förre Kartellen-medlemmen Leo Carmona sanningen .
– Jag planerade det och var med och utförde det . Och jag ångrar det djupt , säger han till tidningen .
Tipsa | Aftonbladet
Det är i en intervju med ETC , som publiceras i dag , som Leo Carmona plötsligt erkänner sin inblandning i rånet .
– Jag planerade det och var med och utförde det . Och jag ångrar det djupt , det har förstört mitt liv . Jag kommer att kontakta väktarna som utsattes och be om förlåtelse , säger han till tidningen .
Den 12 juli 2002 körde tre beväpnade och maskerade män in på Arlanda flygplats , och rakt fram till ett SAS-plan . Där överföll de två väktare för att sedan lasta in säckar med pengar i sin bil . De ska ha kommit undan med
1 av 3 Leo Carmona . FOTO : Stina Stjernkvist/TT
ett byte värt 44 miljoner kronor .
Dömd till livstids fängelse
Pengarna är ännu inte återfunna och ingen har dömts för rånet som preskriberades i juli i år . Men nu erkänner alltså Leo Carmona , som varit misstänkt för brottet , sin inblandning .
Leo Carmona dömdes 2004 till livstids fängelse för anstiftan till mord . I dag sitter han på Skänningeanstalten utanför Linköping . Han tillbakavisar polisens teorier om att offret ska ha varit med vid rånet .
– Nej , den killen var inte med . Det han gjorde var att han ville råna två av svenskarna som var med mig vid rånet . Han lyckades ta en mindre summa , säger Leo Carmona .
Då brottet preskriberades i juli meddelade Marie Lind Thomsen , vice chefsåklagare vid Stockholms åklagarkammare att ingen kommer dömas för rånet även om personer träder fram .
– Kommer rånarna med pengarna och berättar vad som hände , så kommer vi inte att göra någonting , sa hon till Aftonbladet då .
1 av 4 | Foto : Bj örn Elgstrand Polis på plats på Arlanda efter rånet .
” Jag hoppas jag kan vara en förebild ”
I september är Leo Carmona , som 2008 startade den kontroversiella hiphopgruppen Kartellen , aktuell med sin debutroman ” Spelet är spelet ” , som bygger på hans liv .
– Med musiken och skrivandet till hjälp vill jag bidra till att krossa illusionen av det lyckliga kriminella livet där alla är bröder och tar hand om varandra och där det inte finns girighet och maktbegär . I dag har jag lyckats vända mitt liv och gör något produktivt och konstruktivt . Jag hoppas att jag kan vara en förebild för folk med liknande bakgrund som mig , säger han .
En längre intervju med Leo Carmona kommer att publiceras i nyhetsmagasinet ETC . Du hittar den i butik lördag den 26 augusti och på etc.se .
Foto : ETC Omslaget till Nyhetsmagasinet ETC där Leo Carmona erkänner sin inblandning i Arlandarånet
FAKTA Kartellen Leo Carmona grundade hiphopgruppen 2008 , och blev snabbt kritiserad för att bland annat glorifiera det kriminella livet , vilket de själva inte håller med om . 2013 polisanmäldes gruppen av Sverigedemokraterna för hot , efter att ha släppt låten ” Svarta duvor och vissna liljor ” med Timbuktu innehållande textraden ” Dunka jimmie gul och blå , hissa i en flaggstång ” . Anmälan lades senare ner . I slutet bestod gruppen av Leo Carmona och Sebastian Stakset . Den senare valde dock att hoppa av 2016 . ” Jag har inte det hatet som behövs för att fronta Kartellen ” , sa han i en dokumentär . LÄS MER
LÄS OCKSÅ Sebastian Stakset : Jag älskar Jimmie Åkesson
LÄS OCKSÅ Arlandarånet preskriberas - ingen kommer någonsin att dömas för brottet
LÄS OCKSÅ Rekordrånarna har gömt sina miljoner
21 augusti 2017 06:00
Sometimes when you start a project you only realize how much bigger than you is in near the end . v1 had 10 , v2 had nearly 60 .
v3 nuked the previous versions with nearly 200 different characters that span almost 160 gaming universes .
You will be hard pressed to find a universe not here , though there are a few . I tried to stay away from crossover universes that did n't start in gaming ( Super Heroes , Anime , Movie crossovers , ect ) . But in the end I feel like no matter what , this was finished .
From this will likely spawn 2 more versions as of right now , you 'll notice I used mostly protagonists as well as sidekicks ( The women of Final fantasy over the poster boys , Chun-li over ryu in street fighter , ect ) , but there will likely be a protagonist version featuring the bad guys of gaming and a new message as well as an 8/16-bit version using games from that era .
thank you for reading and I look forward to putting more interesting pieces out there .
The Finance Minister agrees rising house prices in Auckland are making inequality worse by shutting low and middle-income earners out of the property market .
Opposition parties say rising inequality is not only hurting those who can not afford to buy a home , but is also bad for the economy .
Photo : RNZ / Alexander Robertson
Bill English said house prices were making life tougher for low and middle income earners in Auckland and said inequality was a problem .
`` We 've been concerned about that for some time , that there are parts of Auckland where there 's been really no new supply of lower value houses that low and middle-income families can afford . ''
Prime Minister John Key is also worried about rising inequality , but said he did not believe home ownership was no longer possible for low-income families .
`` You certainly would n't want to say to a low-income family they can never own a home , because I believe that they can own a home , but we have to work hard to make sure we produce as much supply as we can , '' Mr Key said .
Labour Party finance spokesperson Grant Robertson believed the problem was worse than Mr Key conceded .
`` When we look at something like superannuation and the rates that that 's paid at , that 's all been predicated on the idea that people would own their own home when they came to retire .
`` That 's now not going to be the reality for a huge number of New Zealanders .
`` So yes , the growth in the Auckland housing market , the housing bubble , is a massive factor in growing that asset inequality , '' Mr Robertson said .
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said the gap between rich and poor was ever-widening as house prices went up .
`` You ca n't face serious overseas competition that has the benefit of 1 percent or less interest rates and hope to survive in this market . ''
Mr Peters said high house prices meant people were paying a lot more on a mortgage , if they could afford one , or on rent .
He said that had a negative effect on the economy because consumers had less money left to spend on other goods and services .
`` Go and ask the restaurants . Go and ask the hotels in Auckland . Go and ask the bars what 's going on . I mean , some places on a Friday night you can put a gun down the street and you wo n't shoot anyone . ''
Mr Robertson agreed inequality causes wider problems .
`` As inequality grows , it slows economic growth and that 's actually something you can just see in the community .
`` If people have less money that they can afford to spend , that means less money going into the retail sector . It means less money being spent generally in the economy , '' Mr Robertson said .
Mr English refused to be drawn on whether inequality was bad for the economy , but acknowledged people did have less to spend once they paid their mortgage or rent .
`` The way planning , urban planning has worked over the last 15 or 20 years , in my view , has had quite an impact on the incomes of low and middle income households , where a bigger and bigger proportion of their income is being spent on housing costs . ''
Mr English said the Government was keen to get the cost of housing down , so that whether people owned or rented a house they did not use such a large proportion of their income paying for it .
But both Mr Robertson and Mr Peters said the Government was still not doing enough to rein in house price rises in Auckland .
UPDATE : Plug-in NOW AVAILABLE !
I want to thank everyone for their patience as we get closer to launching our new Plug-in Element . I know there are many questions about the plug-in and I expect many more after watching this video .
With this short demo , I want people to get a sense of the plug-in and what kind of speed and quality to expect since this was our primary goal from the beginning ; To offer 3D quality at the speed you expect when using After Effects .
There are still tons of cool features to demonstrate so believe me when I say , “ You have n't seen anything yet ! ” The price and availability are still undetermined but it will definitively be competitively priced as well as offer unrivaled value and powerful 3D features .
Watch Element Demo
NEW YORK — Laurence Lallier slipped carefully between two naked women facing each other in a narrow doorway at the Museum of Modern Art .
`` I did n't want to step on their feet , '' said Lallier , a student from Montreal . `` We feel shy and they do n't , and they 're the ones that are naked . ''
When the artist Marina Abramovic and her then-companion Ulay first performed the piece , called `` Imponderabilia , '' in Bologna , Italy in 1977 , the police showed up . New York 's finest are unlikely to interfere with the version that opened at MoMA on Sunday , though some museum-goers may choose not to do the sideways limbo between bare bodies .
Elsewhere in the exhibit two clothed people touch fingertips , two others sit back to back with their hair entwined and a naked woman reclines with a skeleton ( not a real one ) lying on top of her . The performers , re-enacting pieces originated by Abramovic alone or with Ulay , are statue-still .
`` It 's neat seeing someone naked but not in a sexual way , '' said Steven Crossot of Philadelphia , watching the skeleton rise and fall with the woman 's breathing . `` It does n't even feel voyeuristic . It feels like you 're looking at a Renaissance piece , but live . ''
The Yugoslavian-born Abramovic , 63 , is a performance art grande dame who has pushed the limits of physical endurance since the late 1960s .
In front of audiences , she has taken medication that made her lose consciousness , and stabbed herself repeatedly in the left hand .
Video screens at MoMA show other pieces that could not be re-enacted , such as 1988 's `` The Great Wall , '' in which Abramovic and Ulay started at opposite ends of the Great Wall of China and walked for three months until they met each other . The couple then ended their artistic and personal collaboration .
New York Times critic Holland Carter called the exhibit uneven but rarely uninteresting ; he was skeptical about re-creating ephemeral performance art .
The show is called `` Marina Abramovic : The Artist is Present , '' and she is . Abramovic sits on silent display while the museum is open . Members of the public are invited to join her , silently , across a small table .
`` It 's an act of extreme generosity , '' said curator Klaus Biesenbach . `` You are completing the piece together with the artist on an equal basis . ''
On Monday , Abramovic wore a long blue dress as she sat opposite a young man . Both were motionless ; Abramovic 's face was expressionless .
`` It 's a great opportunity to contemplate two people just looking at each other , '' said spectator Vanessa Lodigiani .
Lodigiani , herself an artist , had attended a preview for MoMA members . She was amused that even some museum members would n't pass between the naked people of `` Imponderabilia . ''
`` It 's quite shocking to me that people are shocked by nudity , '' she said .
The exhibit continues through May 31 .
___
On the Net :
Museum of Modern Art : http : //moma.org
A waitress in Cape Town has received over $ 5,000 in donations after a “ Rhodes Must Fall ” leader bragged about making the “ white waitress ” cry when he refused to tip her due to her race .
Ntokozo Qwabe is the co-founder of Oxford University 's faction of the “ Rhodes Must Fall ” movement aimed at removing statues of Cecil Rhodes , former prime minister of the Cape Colony in South Africa in the late 1980 .
Qwabe gleefully posted on Facebook last week that he and a group of activists refused to tip their waitress at Obz Café because the waitress was white .
In his Facebook post , Qwabe said that instead of tipping his waitress , Ashleigh Schultz , he wrote , “ WE WILL GIVE TIP WHEN YOU RETURN THE LAND . ”
Qwabe added : “ LOL wow unable to stop smiling because something so black , wonderful & LIT just happened ! ”
Qwabe said when Schultz saw the tip , she cried “ typical white tears . ”
Qwabe later added to the post :
Moral of the story : the time has come when no white person will be absolved . We are tired of ‘ not all white people ' and all other bulls * * t. We are here , and we want the stolen land back . No white person will be out here living their best life while we are out here being a landless and dispossessed black mass . NO white person shall rest .
Since the incident went viral , a GoFundMe page created to “ Tip the ‘ Ntokozo Qwabe ' Waitress ” has raised over $ 5,000 in just two days .
The creator of the GoFundMe page wrote , “ Not only did they reduce this poor woman to tears but they took away her dignity for something she has no control over . If this server had any land to ‘ give ' , I would assume she would not be waitering in a cafe trying to make ends meet . ”
“ I am extremely humbled and grateful that we were able to show Ntokozo that Goodness will always prevail . After all .... We are all human . We are all EQUAL , ” the GoFundMe creator wrote .
Qwabe has since allegedly blamed the “ white media ” of “ going hysterical ” over his actions .
Qwabe is reportedly a Rhodes scholar and received money from the Rhodes ' estate to study on a full-scholarship at Oxford .
Ronnie James Dio - This is Your Life
On May 16 , 2010 , Ronnie James Dio lost his battle with stomach cancer . The metal world was truly rocked , as his loss was a powerful and shattering one . He had one of the most powerful voices in the world of rock and heavy metal , and despite his small stature , his presence and subsequent absence is and was gargantuan . And so , with the blessing and assistance of former Dio members and Dio 's widow , ' Wendy Gaxiola , this tribute album was born . Some of the songs had been recorded before Dio 's passing , but these coupled with the addition of the newer songs makes for a fine tribute album , with proceeds going to the Ronnie James Dio Stand Up and Shout Cancer Fund .
The majority of the album features covers by currently active bands , but a large chunk of them are performed by former members of Dio as well as an amalgam of classic bands and iconic lead singers . The first track , Anthrax 's version of 'Neon Knight , ' is executed well and sung strongly by Joey Belladonna . Tenacious D 's loving and fantastic rendition of 'The Last in Line ' is cool and makes no attempt to poke fun in any way at the legendary singer , as the duo are huge fans and were lucky enough to work with Dio before his passing . The appropriately named Adrenaline Mob covers 'Mob Rules , ' a fast and loud rendition that stills retains the important message of the song . A collaboration of Slipknot , Stone Sour , and Steel Panther members cover 'Rainbow in the Dark , ' with Corey Taylor on vocal duty . The song is done well , but Taylor 's voice is made for no metal and does n't quite reflect the harmonizing quality of the original . My favorite cover on the album is up next , Halestorm 's cover of 'Straight Through the Heart . ' Lzzy Hale has a stellar voice and her band does a bang up job on the tunes , making for a catchy and respectable track . Motorhead , with the assistance of Saxon 's Biff Byford on the vocals covers 'Starstruck , ' a cool song with classic bad-ass Motorhead riffs and the legendary Lemmy providing backup vocals .
The slow , ballad – like 'The Temple of The King ' is the next track , performed by the legendary Scorpions . The song is perfect for them and Klaus Meine does a fine vocal job , doing justice to Dio 's vocal abilities . On 'Egypt ( The Chains Are On ) , ' Doro Pesch 's melodic voice echoes out over the guitars , making for a haunting yet beautiful cover of a classic Dio track . The cover of 'Holy Diver , ; performed heavily by Killswitch Engage , features former lead singer Howard Jones ' strong melodic voice belting out the classic lines of one of the most well known Dio songs , bringing new life into a classic for the age of nu-metallers . The slow and sad 'Catch the Rainbow ' features former members of Dio , AC/DC , and Black Sabbath , with Glenn Hughes taking vocal lead to give us a beautiful and weepy song that fittingly pays tribute to the loss of a legend . With members from Lynch Mob , Dio , and Whitesnake , the next track , ' I , ' is a cool cover with wonderful solos and a tight vocal performance from Oni Logan . The strongest and longest track , 'Man on the Silver Mountain , ' features the legendary Rob Halford on vocals with support from former Dio and Heaven & Hell members . Halford is probably the only singer in the world of rock and metal that could come even close to touching Dio 's powerful voice , and the track is definitely one of the best . The next track is a medley for Dio called 'Ronnie Rising , ' featuring Metallica , A Light in the Black , Tarot Woman , Stargazer , and Kill the King . This track is an epic instrumental showcase of all the talent and prowess possessed by the many legends of rock that have been inspired by Dio . The album closes with Dio 's own 'This is Your Life , ' a reminder that although we lost a legend , we can still move on and do great things to honor his memory .
Tribute albums are a great way to honor the contributions and memories left behind by the late great musicians of any genre , but as a rock and metal fan , I find this album to be wonderful and fitting and I am glad that so many people cared so much about Dio and his life , as he will forever have a cemented place in the history of rock and roll . Contributions to Ronnie James Dio 's Stand Up and Shout Cancer fund can be made here : diocancerfund.org .
Comments
10th grader refused to relinquish her private property
A Houston , Texas , teen has decided to leave her current high school after school police responded aggressively to her defiant use of a cell phone .
Campus police were summoned to the Sam Houston High School on Tuesday to deal with 10th grade student Ixel Perez .
When the 70-pound student refused to relinquish her phone , three officers reportedly wrestled her to the floor , as another officer pinned her head to the ground with his knee .
Footage of part of the altercation , first obtained by KHOU.com , was captured by another student on a cell phone , and shows police manhandling Perez on a hallway floor as she screams .
It all started when Perez 's teacher caught her errantly using a cell phone in class .
The teen was ordered out to the hallway where the school 's assistant principal tried to confiscate her personal property .
“ I just did n't want to give up my phone , ” Perez explained to KHOU , adding that she had been on the phone with her ill mother , trying to get a status update on her condition .
“ She asked me for the phone and I did n't want to give it to her , because I was scared . I ended up walking down the stairs trying to get away from the AP ( assistant principal ) and then she had already called the cops , ” described Perez .
Cops arrived intent on forcing Perez to surrender her rights phone .
The student who filmed the incident described what he saw to the local news outlet .
“ Both of the cops just tackled her down to the floor . They put her knee on her head and after that they just arrested her , took her phone , ” Perez 's peer Gustavo Lucio told KHOU . “ The cop just said you ca n't use your phone and after that , no words no nothing , just actions , grabbed her , threw her down . ”
“ He grabbed my hand , ” Perez said , “ one of them was right here , one grabbed my hand , I did n't want to let go of my phone because I was on the phone with mom . ”
Perez 's brother was floored by the police response , and could n't figure out why it took three cops to detain his little sister .
“ We all know it was wrong , ” he stated . “ It does n't take three cops to take down one teenage girl , especially a 70-pound teenage girl ! ”
Friends and family of Perez held a demonstration in front of the school yesterday demanding officials conduct an investigation into the officer 's use of force .
Despite footage obviously showing a combative police response , HISD released a statement claiming their students ' safety was their “ absolute top priority , ” and that they 'll investigate what led the school cops to respond in that manner .
“ The safety of our students at Sam Houston High School and of all our schools is always our absolute top priority . The HISD police department and the school 's administration are continuing their investigations of what led to the detainment of a female student yesterday . “
The cops ' over-the-top reaction is indicative of the overzealous enforcement of arbitrary zero tolerance school policies , which do more to indoctrinate students into becoming obedient , unquestioning members of society who will bend to the will of authorities at a moment 's notice .
Most recently we 've seen schools attempt to police students ' thoughts , as was the case last month when aSouth Carolina teen was suspended and arrested after imagining a story in which he used a gun to shoot a dinosaur .
“ A 65 million year gap between the story and reality did n't seem to matter to teachers who immediately suspended Stone for a week , searched his bookbag and locker – finding nothing – and then inexplicably called the police , ” Steve Watson wrote .
Indeed , the Houston ISD police officers ' overreaction is something that would not seem out of place in authoritarian regimes such as North Korea .
“ As problematic as all of these programs are , however , what 's really unnerving are the similarities between the American system of public education and that of totalitarian regimes such as Nazi Germany , with their overt campaigns of educational indoctrination , ” writes Rutherford Institute president John W. Whitehead on “ The Death of Freedom in Our Schools. ” “ And while those who run America 's schools may not be deliberately attempting to raise up a generation of Hitler Youth , they are teaching young people to march in lockstep with the all-powerful government—which may be just as dangerous in the end . ”
A bionic arm that went missing -- thought to be stolen from a car while its 16-year-old owner was at a class -- has been found .
Samuel Luther was born without most of his left arm . While he has worn a prosthesis most of his life , it was n't until last year that he got a bionic model that gave him more control .
The arm was apparently found in a Chicago Subway restaurant where the family had lunch on the day it went missing .
Subway manager Jamie Gordon said a staffer who was cleaning a bench in the corner of the restaurant found the arm more than a week ago . A Chicago police officer picked it up from the eatery , 1252 S. Halsted St. , at about 8 a.m. Thursday .
“ I thought it was a toy , '' Gordon said .
“ Now that I know it 's not a toy I feel better , '' said Gordon , who added she had not seen anything about the incident .
During a trip with his mother to Chicago earlier this month , the arm 's battery died and the 16-year-old removed the prosthesis and placed it on the floor of the car , according to the boy 's father . After returning home to North Aurora , the family discovered the arm was missing .
The family went back to Pilsen and started handing out fliers up and down the block , according to the boy 's father , Derrick Luther . They did n't check the restaurant because the boy was adamant that he had it with him after the lunch break .
`` That 's our fault . We should have stopped in , but we did n't , we concentrated on the area around the modeling school . ''
The family filed a police report , and authorities said they were investigating .
`` They could have said 'someone somewhere left this , ' and it would have been in lost and found and we would have gotten it , '' Luther said . `` Those detectives at the 12th District ( police station ) should get all the accolades . ''
Restaurant employee Shaquille Chandler , 22 , spotted “ fingertips ” peeking out from between cushions of a couch where customers can sit and eat while cleaning up with another staffer after a busy lunch hour about a week and a half ago .
“ We both thought it was a joke , '' Chandler said . “ It 's so close to Halloween and I 'd never seen anything like it . ''
He told his supervisor and put it in a safe place in case someone came back for it . It was n't until Wednesday that he thought about it again after hearing the news story . “ I highly doubted it was the arm they were talking about , '' Chandler said .
He learned Thursday through someone at work that it belonged to the boy .
The ordeal began Oct. 18 when Samuel and his mother came to Chicago for a photo shoot and a modeling class for the boy . The shoot was in Goose Island , and the two then went to Pilsen , stopping along the way at the restaurant .
“ Two hours later they get back in , did n't think anything of it , but ( Sam ) does n't remember it being down there , ” Luther said . “ They get home , he goes one way , she goes another . We 're looking around , ‘ Where 's your arm , where 's your arm ? '
`` Sam said it was in the car but it was n't , '' Luther said . `` His mother said , 'Maybe I brought it in . ' But she did n't . ''
Their search took them to businesses near the photo shoot and to homeless spots under the Dan Ryan Expressway . The family thought maybe Samuel had kicked it out of the car or dropped it , but that seemed unlikely .
Samuel was born without the arm and has used prostheses most of his life . The bionic arm has articulating fingers and allows for better use of the hand than other prostheses .
Luther said the arm costs about $ 100,000 , some of which the insurance company covered when it was purchased a year ago .
`` He 's used some mechanical ones in the past ... ones you push on and they open , ones that you push on and they close , '' Luther said . `` When he was younger , it was pushed open so you can carry stuff around . They do n't have those anymore .
The bionic model , he said , has `` eight different programmable functions , and you can move the thumb manually with the other hand but you can put it into positions you want . ''
“ It 's a good thing I found it , '' said Chandler , the restaurant employee .
Gardai investigating the murder of a Co Armagh man almost nine years ago have arrested a suspect aged in his 50s .
Paul Quinn , from Cullyhanna , was 21 when he was beaten to death near Castleblayney , Co Monaghan .
His family blame members of the IRA but Sinn Fein has always denied republican involvement in Mr Quinn 's death .
Gardai said they arrested a man on Thursday as they carried out searches on ground close to Castleblayney in connection with the killing .
A Garda spokesman said : `` The man in his 50s has been arrested under section 30 of the Offences Against the State Act . He is being questioned at Carrickmacross Garda station . ''
Mr Quinn was found beaten at farm buildings in Tullycoora , near Castleblayney , in October 2007 .
He died in hospital several weeks later .
His family said he had been involved in a dispute with individual IRA members .
Stephen and Breege Quinn , the dead man 's parents , from Cullyhanna , were notified of the Garda operation .
`` We are delighted and it just goes to show that the guards are not giving up and are still at it , '' Mr Quinn said .
`` It 's a long time but it gives us a lift that they are still working and going on ahead with the investigation .
`` It gives you a bit of hope . We are very grateful . ''
Iran and Russia join the global alliance
Iran and Russia join the global alliance to preserve Syria 's Endangered Heritage Franklin Lamb
Beirut
The Islamic Republic of Iran announced this week that it is ready to take part in the restoration of archeological monuments damaged or destroyed by ISIS terrorists in Palmyra ( Tadmor ) , which was named one of the six UN World Heritage Sites in Syria in 1980 .
The Head of Iran 's Cultural Heritage , Handicrafts and Tourism Organization , Masoud Soltanifar stressed this week his country 's readiness to participate in the process of restoring and rehabilitating the archeological and cultural sites that were demolished by the terrorists in Syria , particularly those in Palmyra .
The Iranian ISNA News Agency quoted Soltanifar as saying in a letter he sent this week to Director-General of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) Irina Bokova that Iran is ready to join in conserving and restoring both movable and immovable endangered Syrian cultural heritage archeological sites because they are part of the global heritage of all of us . On March 27 , Dr. Maamoun Abdul-Karim , Director General of Antiquities and Museums ( DGAM ) concurred and described a preliminary vision for a rehabilitation plan to restore the glory of Palmyra .
Perhaps ironically , the Iranians reportedly want to initially restore , among other damaged sites , the 2000 year old Arc de Triomphe which was erected to commemorate the victory of the Romans over Iran 's ancestors after the Roman legions drove or the Persian army .
Iran 's commitment letter added that `` Given the Islamic Republic of Iran 's responsibility with endangered Syrian cultural heritage , [ Tehran 's ] Cultural Heritage organization stresses its readiness to protect , restore and repair cultural heritage in Syria , especially in Palmyra . '' The letter was addressed to UNESCO Director-General Irina Bukova and arrived a day after the head of an Iranian parliamentary delegation visiting Damascus announced that Tehran had `` already started developing a program for the reconstruction '' of Syria .
According to the above map provided by Russian UN Ambassador Chrukin , the Turkish town of Gaziantep , is now the main crossroads of Syrian antiquities trafficking
Nearly simultaneously with this much welcomed Iranian initiative , on March 31 , 2016 the Russians suddenly pledged to join other nations to preserve our shared global cultural heritage in Syria . Ambassador Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's envoy to the United Nations , sent a letter to the UN Security , asking that it be widely distributed , and pledged that Russia will combat named dealers and shippers who are alleged to be facilitating the trade of looted antiquities from ISIS-controlled territory in Syria .
According to culture heritage lawyer Rick St. Hilaire , the communication caught the attention of cultural property watchers , the media , as well as the government of Turkey because of the strong language Russia 's ambassador used .
Wrote the Russian Ambassador to the UN Security Council : `` Around 100,000 cultural objects of global importance , including 4,500 archaeological sites , nine of which are included in the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) , are under the control of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) in Syria and Iraq . The profit derived by the Islamists from the illicit trade in antiquities and archaeological treasures is estimated at US $ 150-200 million per year . ''
As this observer has written more than once recently , there is little material or probative evidence supporting such a dramatically high and unverified Russian estimate of ISIS profits from looting and flogging Syria 's and our cultural heritage . A more realistic number is around two million dollars per month , according to Syrian and UNESCO sources .
However , Mr. Churkin does accurately claim that `` individuals in possession of a written permit stamped by this 'department ' are permitted by the Islamists to carry out excavations and to remove and transport excavated items . '' UNESCO and the governments of Syria and the United States have expressed the same opinion .
The Russians imply that their agents have been investigating what looters of Syrians antiquities do with them after excavations and offer specificity :
`` It has been observed that new offices for the purchase of antiquities have opened on the Turkish-Syrian border in the administrative district of AkÃ§akale ( 640 km south-east of Ankara , ÅžanlÄ±urfa Province ) . Ismet Eren , the owner of an antique shop at 24 Karanfil Street in the town of Kilis , is involved in the illicit trade . Bulky goods are delivered by the Turkish transport companies Åenocak Nakliyat , Devran Nakliyat , Karahan Nakliyat and Egemen Nakliyat . Smuggled artifacts ( jewellery , coins , etc . ) then arrive in the Turkish cities of Izmir , Mersin and Antalya , where representatives of international criminal groups produce fake documents on the origin ( ed : provenance ) of the antiquities . ''
The Russians are naming names
The Russians report that their agents are observing our cultural heritage antiquities being offered to collectors from various countries , generally through Internet auction sites such as eBay and specialized online stores ( vauctions.com , ancients.info , vcoins.com , trocadero.com ) . The sites osmanlielsanatlari.com , kaynarcopper.com and ertasantik.comare also used to find buyers . To hid their activities , the thief use IP-address spoofing , which makes it difficult to identify and determine the actual location of the seller .
It is known that ISIS has been increasingly using social media so as to cut out the middleman and sell artifacts directly to buyers . Preference is given to US dollar transactions , while transactions conducted over the Internet involve the same financial institutions as are involved in transactions for the purchase of weapons and ammunition .
Ambassador Churkin also identified new offices that have recently opened for the purchase and sale of antiquities and listed sites on the Turkish-Syrian border in the administrative district of AkÃ§akale . As cultural heritage lawyer |Rick St. Hilaire , notes : `` He daringly identified the owner of an antique shop in the town of Kilis as a person `` involved in the illicit trade '' before proceeding to list individual Turkish transport companies that carried `` bulky goods , '' describing how `` [ s ] muggled artifacts ( jewellery , coins , etc . ) then arrive in the Turkish cities of Izmir , Mersin and Antalya , where representatives of international criminal groups produce fake documents on the origin of the antiquities . ''
All of us , because we want to preserve and restore our past for the future will applaud these Russian and Iranian initiatives . And the joining of both countries with many other nations , who under the supervision and direction of the Syrian government , and its remarkable Directorate-General of Antiquities & Museums ( DGAM ) , which for the past five years has worked to preserve and protect our cultural heritage which has been in Syrian custody for ten millennia .
Franklin Lamb 's recent book , Syria 's Endangered Heritage , an International Responsibility to Preserve and Protect is available on Amazon and other ebook outlets as well as at www.syrian-heritage.com .
© Scoop Media
The Xbox One has literally just become available , however there is news going around that anyone with a surround sound headset will not be able to use them to their full potential at this moment in time . This is going to be severely bad news for a large number of people who own a high-end headset from the likes of Turtle Beach and Tritton to name only a couple as the new consoles optical output will only support two channel audio until an unknown date .
Albert Panello , the Director of Product Planning at Microsoft has made a statement that indicates that there will be an update coming in the future that will unload the full Dolby capability of the optical output , thus allowing surround headsets to run at their full potential . In the statement , he did specify however that if you were to own a Dolby only HDMI receiver then you should be able to get uncompressed 5.1 or 7.1 sound to your speakers as this has been made available .
“ Dolby Digital is coming post launch . This was a SW scheduling issue pure and simple , and I know people are disappointed , but we will have it . Anyone with a HDMI receiver should be fine , as we pass the uncompressed 5.1 and 7.1 through HDMI as well as DTS . Even if you have a Dolby only HDMI receiver , you will still get 5.1 or 7.1 sound since those receivers should accept uncompressed surround . For the Dolby only headsets , my understanding is that these will work but you will only get stereo audio since we only pass Stereo and DTS through the optical port . I have not tested this myself , but I 'm told it works . Regardless , I understand this is an inconvenience , but again we 're going to have Dolby coming. ” There is not any mention as to why full surround capability has been left out from the Xbox 's optical jack and there could be a number of reasons why , but there is the reassurance giving that it will be coming – we just do n't know when this will be at this moment in time . With the battle against the PS4 just kicking off , there is the possibility that there will be some disgruntled customers who ca n't use their existing hardware to its full capabilities , however this will become clear over the next week or so .
Source : Tweaktown
There are many fonts available with Armenian characters , and they come in different formats and encoding . Likewise there are different keyboard layout configurations .
The following are a set of Armeniapedia truetype fonts . Most of them contain only uppercase Armenian characters , though some also contain Latin and one is only Latin . Click on the font to download it .
General info on Armenian fonts on your computer
If you just want a good unicode text font that contains all of the Armenian characters , as well as all Latin , Greek , Cyrillic , Georgian and Hebrew , then download Arian Font .
Both Windows and Macintosh come with Unicode fonts installed which include the Armenian alphabet . All you need to do is enable the Armenian keyboard and start typing . The procedure is quite simple . You can find it in Windows Help or Macintosh Help , and both Microsoft and Apple have very detailed articles in their Websites .
`` Sylfaen '' is a font that comes with Windows and has the Armenian characters , but it can also be installed in the Macintosh System X without difficulty , because it is a Truetype Font . Macintosh comes with `` Mshtakan '' as a default Armenian font .
A large number of Armenian fonts are available using the old style of encoding , called ARMSCII , but these fonts should not be used . The new and improved encoding system , which is universal and interchangeable is Unicode . I highly recommend documents be prepared using Unicode , and old documents and web pages be converted to Unicode .
Download Unicode Armenian Fonts
Soviet Armenian typefaces
Henrik Mnatsakanyan 's typefaces
Soviet Armenian printing presses used the following typefaces in printing texts .
Տեսակաշարեր
Գրքի սովորական ( Grki sovorakan )
Արամյան ( Aramyan )
Պոլիս ( Polis )
Սովետական ( Sovetakan )
Երևանյան ( Yerevanyan )
Սովետական նոր ( Sovetakan nor )
Մնացականյան ( Mnatsakanyan )
Նորք ( Nork )
Գրոտեսկային ( Groteskayin )
Վիեննական ( Viennakan )
Henrik Mnatsakanyan
Henrik Mnatsakanyan ( Հենրիկ Մնացականյան ) was a Soviet-Armenian typographer who published a few editions ( 1972 , 1979 ) of a book on Armenian typefaces .
The typefaces in his book were named :
Գեղագրություն ( Geghagrutyun )
Արարատ ( Ararat )
Լույս ( Luys )
Տպագրական ( Tpagrakan )
Քիրք ( Kirk )
Գիտություն ( Gitutyun )
Պատկերասրահ ( Patkerasrah )
Երեվան ( Yerevan )
Սովետական ( Sovetakan )
Դպրոց ( Dprots )
Սեվան ( Sevan )
Փարոս ( Paros )
Ախթամար ( Akhtamar )
Գեղարվեստական ( Gegharvestakan )
Գրիչ ( Grich )
Արաքս ( Araks )
Գրական ( Grakan )
Մասիս ( Masis )
Գրաֆիկա ( Grafika )
Հայաստան ( Hayastan )
Հոկտեմբեր ( Hoktember )
Գարուն ( Garun )
Զարդարվեստ ( Zardarvest )
Երեբունի ( Yerebuni )
Մայիս ( Mayis )
Հրատարակչություն ( Hratarakchutyun )
Կինո ( Kino )
Տառ ( Tar )
Ծիծեռնակ ( Tsitsernak )
Արագած ( Aragats )
Տառատեսակներ ( Taratesakner )
See also
New York AG Provides Tool To Help You Check If Your Name Was Used To Support Killing Net Neutrality
from the shenanigans dept
So we 've noted several times now how the FCC 's open comment period for its Orwell-inspired `` Restoring Internet Freedom '' net neutrality proceeding was simply awash in all manner of fraud . From bots that filled the comment proceeding with bogus support from fake or even dead people , to fake DDoS attacks intended to downplay the wash of angry users that flooded to the agency 's website in protest . All of this stuff is more than likely to pop up in the inevitable lawsuits that are filed in the new year after the net neutrality repeal formally hits the federal register .
In addition , New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman recently stated he has been conducting an investigation for the last six months into these bogus comments . In a letter recently sent to FCC boss Ajit Pai , Schneiderman notes that he reached out to the FCC nine times over a period of five months to get the agency 's help in getting a closer look at the APIs and server logs related to the fraud campaign . And that time and time again the FCC ignored its request :
`` Specifically , for six months my office has been investigating who perpetrated a massive scheme to corrupt the FCC 's notice and comment process through the misuse of enormous numbers of real New Yorkers ' and other Americans ' identities . Such conduct likely violates state law — yet the FCC has refused multiple requests for crucial evidence in its sole possession that is vital to permit that law enforcement investigation to proceed . We reached out for assistance to multiple top FCC officials , including you , three successive acting FCC General Counsels , and the FCC 's Inspector General . We offered to keep the requested records confidential , as we had done when my office and the FCC shared information and documents as part of past investigative work . Yet we have received no substantive response to our investigative requests . None . ''
That mirrors my own experience in trying to get the FCC 's help after somebody hijacked my identity ( and the identity of one of my employers ) to falsely claim ( twice , using two different bogus addresses ) I support killing net neutrality protections . The general consensus is that while the FCC is n't likely directly behind this fraudulent activity , it 's refusing to help because 1 ) exposing the culprit could expose the industry-linked groups behind it and 2 ) raising questions about the legitimacy of the one chance the public had to give feedback helps downplay the massive public opposition to the FCC 's plan .
Regardless , the NY AG is proceeding with its investigation without the FCC 's help . As part of that push , it has revealed a new tool on its website that lets you check to see if your name was improperly used to support killing net neutrality . Those findings are then submitted to the AG for use in its investigation and as evidence in any looming lawsuits .
Again , this is just one potential avenue of inquiry into this entire , rather grotesque affair . The FCC is also being sued by journalists for ignoring FOIA requests related to the comment fraud , for refusing to be transparent about its meetings with large ISPs eager to see the rules repealed , and for hiding details of the DDoS attack that was n't . These will all be joined by numerous lawsuits in the new year filed by consumer groups and smaller companies , who are likely chomping at the bit to prove the FCC violated agency procedure ( and potentially the law ) in its rush to give consumers the tech policy equivalent of a giant middle finger .
Filed Under : comments , eric schneiderman , fcc , net neutrality
Five Minutes Of ... Minecraft
By Margaret Robertson
[ Five minutes of ... is a series of investigations by former Edge magazine editor-in-chief -- and current development director of social game developer Hide & Seek -- Margaret Robertson into what five minutes of play reveals about a larger game , stepping back from all-encompassing reviews and doing some hardcore design drilling into interesting moments from interesting games . ]
This is n't the story of my first five minutes in Minecraft . My first five minutes were the same as your first five minutes . Baffling . Underwhelming . Confusing . A brutalist lo-fi world empty of even of the rawest materials for fun .
Took me a while to go back , during which time I 'd been further confused , baffled and underwhelmed by some YouTube videos which had variously promised enlightenment , clarification , and conversion . But back I went , and as a reward my perseverance , the next five of play were among the best of my playing life .
I 'm not alone in that . It 's likely if you know one thing about Minecraft , it 's the hyperbole surrounding its success . It 's the next in that now long line of Desktop Tower Defense , of 2Across , of Doodle Jump : the one-man band marching all the way to the bank .
Minecraft , at the time of writing , has clocked its maker , lone Swedish developer Markus Persson , nearly $ 4 million so far . Notch , as the internet knows Persson , is frank on his blog about his amazement and the impact the money is having on his life . Planning next year 's wedding clearly just got a whole lot easier , and a whole lot more complicated , all at once .
This success has been fueled largely by word of mouth . People who play Minecraft are incapable of not proselytizing . Every friend is a potential convert to the religion of Notch , to the devotion of the pick and the spade . Although every friend , despite the preaching , is usually left asking , `` But what is Minecraft ? ''
Minecraft is a game where you mine stuff and make it into other stuff . In Survival mode , which is mostly what the people who are talking about it are talking about , it 's a single player game set in a vast algorithmically generated landscape of beaches , mountains , and plains . Everything in the world is made of blocks , and every block can be `` mined '' , which will remove it from the world and convert it to a resource the player can use .
So a block of earth can be mined , collected , and replaced elsewhere . A tree , if you punch it enough , will collapse into a heap of collectable wooden blocks . These can either be used raw and replaced in the world as blocks of wood , or further refined to make timber or sticks , and these in turn made into tools which will let you tackle the tougher blocks -- iron , gold , diamond -- that you will find as you dig deeper .
So you dig , you make , you dig some more , and then you build . Simple ingredients -- wood , coal , wool , iron -- ultimately allow for the creation of stairs and doors and torches and furnaces and railway tracks and minecarts and pressure plates and compasses and record players . The list is n't endless , but it is rich , and soon your inner architect is planning palaces and pagodas to house your stockpiles , and statues and sculptures to express your ownership of this vast and pleasant land . It 's Lego , if everything in the world was already made of Lego .
Or rather , if everything in the world was already made of Lego and bits of it wanted you dead .
Survival mode is so-called because making it through your first night is an act of courage , ingenuity and luck . Minecraft 's day cycle is ten or so minutes long , and as the sun sets squarely in the sea , and the stars prick through the sky , the nightlife turns nasty .
At least , that 's what you assume . As daylight fades , night -- real night , not just a cheap palette shift -- spreads across the land . As the darkness spreads , you start to hear noises . New noises . Bad noises . The first time you play , that 's probably the last you hear . Something behind you , happening to you , ending you . You 'll respawn , blinking in the light of a new dawn , having learned little but fear .
Now -- with no NPC , with no dialogue pop-up -- the game has given you your first mission . Find shelter . Survive the night . And so , with new resolve , I set about building a house . I was still too green in the ways of Minecraft to watch the sun to gauge the time , so I squandered too much of the day collecting timber and earth . It was already dusk by the time I started to build .
It should have been simple -- walls two blocks high and a flat roof , but it quickly proved tricky . Two blocks high means you ca n't reach to attach the roof . One block high means you do n't fit in . Quickly now -- the sun melting into a broad glow on the horizon -- build a step , start the roof , jump back down , complete the ridge . Move inside and use your last two blocks to complete the house and tuck myself into safe , impregnable ...
Blackness . Not the absence of light but a drowning depth of ink . However dark it is outside is nothing to what I 've just made in here . Is it even fully dark outside yet ? Maybe I 've got time to .... but now there 's a noise . Some sort of ... rattle . A groan . A snuffling , snorting , pressing sort of noise . In the dark . Outside . Outside ? Outside . Surely outside .
I realize now that not only do I now know what these monsters look like , I do n't know what rules they obey . What game laws -- or even what natural laws .
The snuffling outside is constant now . Can they dig , whatever they are ? My hurried house is only made of earth . Why did n't I make the effort to use wood ? Unless they can breathe fire , of course .
I feel like all three of the little pigs at once , beset by huffing and puffing and flaming hunger . Whatever it is out there sounds eager to feed .
I hunker back in the dark , trying to get away from the noise but afraid of losing by bearings in the blackness . It 's a long time since I 've met this in a game : the unknown . No tutorial has told me how to handle this threat . No preview has shown me concept art of it . No genre convention can give me my bearings . It could be anything out there . It could do anything . All I can do is cower in my ramshackle mausoleum and wait for light .
Will it go away at dawn , I wonder ? Will it go away ever ? Is it an , or a ? I 'm not sure which is scarier , for there to be more than one of it , or for there to be one single thing that could make all those noises at once . Whatever is out there seems unrelenting -- energetic and tireless .
So tireless , in fact , that the terror is starting to wear off . The noise is familiar now . I do n't understand it still , but at least I know it . I 'm starting to tune it out . The noise fades from my mind , my screen stays resolutely black . How will I even know when it gets light ? What am I going to do between now and then ? Maybe I could knock a roof block loose ?
My left-mouse-button-finger is getting itchy , and I realize just in time that my two greatest enemies have just arrived : boredom and curiosity . No quicker way of getting killed then succumbing to their charms . With a little smug nod I settle back in my chair . I 'm not falling for that .
HIT BEING HIT DAMAGE WHAT IS THAT HELP HIT HIT HIT WHERE HIT . Three hearts have gone . There 's something . I 'm taking damage . I 'm hitting flailing spinning hitting . No idea what 's out there . In here . No idea how dangerous it is . No idea if I 'm hitting it or if it 's still hitting me . Massive adrenalin spike .
Eventually I realize I 'm still alive and stop fighting . My health is down but the damage has stopped . Whatever it was , I must have killed it . I 'd feel proud , but now I 'm just terrified . What was it ? How did it get in ? Did it spawn inside my house ? Can they do that ? Are there more ?
Tense , I wait and wait and wait . Is it day yet ? What if I 've already missed it ? I try to think how long my first day lasted . I 've lost my sense of time as well as my bearings in the fight . I turn , trying to get oriented . I ca n't . I turn again and move and catch a flash of something tiny . Something white . Something light . Something square .
I stare at it and it gets whiter . And as it gets whiter , I start to see more . Eventually , the geometry resolves . The white square is the sky . A tiny square of sky . It 's tiny because it 's far away . And it 's far away because I 'm at the bottom of a 30 foot mine-shaft I accidentally dug when I was flailing at the night fiend . I 'd be embarrassed if I was n't so busy being jubilant . I survived . If I did it once I can do it again . I 've earned my place in this world .
Jonathan Smith , at this year 's Playful , gave a great talk on the need for directed play , based on lessons he learned working on the Lego Star Wars series . For all that we like the idea of freedom , the reality is that most of us prefer our play to be guided . He could have been outlining Minecraft , which despite often being referred to as an open-ended sandbox , is actually a mission-based RPG .
And one of the cleverest RPGs in a long while , at that . Minecraft initially delivers its missions as an anti-tutorial . The game -- still in alpha after all -- has no tutorial , no tips , no manual . You arrive in the world totally ignorant of how it works .
But you 've arrived there because you 've seen screenshots and heard stories . You know extraordinary buildings and contraptions are possible , and closing the gap between those fantasies , and the reality of your powerless arrival in the game is what guides your progress through those first hours . It 's fear , uncertainty and doubt elevated to design principles .
It could be overwhelming , but the dependency structure within the game assures that it 's not . I need wood to make a crafting table , I need a table to make a pick , I need a pick to get stone , I need stone to get coal . The tech tree becomes the mission structure , as I seek out each thing to get the next , each a manageable , discrete task .
And each task I complete levels me up , not by adding a number to my profile , but by changing what I have in my pockets . You are what you carry . Your tools , armor , and supplies are what let you accomplish more and die less . When death does come , you lose everything you carry -- often permanently -- and revert to the helpless state in which you arrived in the game .
Chests -- which store the resources you 've amassed -- therefore become save points . How many you make and where you put them starts to become a natural , player-controlled difficulty modifier . It 's a system which allows Minecraft to avoid the monotony which many RPGs fall prey to , where your progress in the world is cancelled out by the world leveling up to match your increased power .
In Minecraft , the threat the world poses stays largely static , but your own level fluctuates up and down as you gain and lose possessions . It means I 'm as likely to encounter that desperate frisson of my first frightening night ten hours in as ten minutes in .
All these design decisions enforce play imperatives which take you through the first few hours of play . It means that when the sandbox possibilities do start to open up -- of building and exploring ( I 'm told it would take six years of real time to walk around a full Minecraft world ) you are deeply embedded into the world . You have a skill-set , a sense of ownership and belonging , which fuel you through the challenge of free , creative play . And that 's crucial , because free , creative play is actually quite a grueling prospect , full of the pain and effort of making and losing .
I 've loved watching the buzz build on Minecraft , but it 's frustrated me that the tone of some of the more mainstream commentary has been `` kooky indie game for over-grown Lego fans with OCD makes money through crazy YouTube videos ! ! ! ! ! '' rather than addressing the fact that the game 's colossal success is built on an extremely mature and finely-tooled piece of design .
The stories that come out of it -- stories like mine -- do n't happen because some over-excited nerds want to revel in the friendly glow of an underdog community rather than be one of a million consumers of a faceless but superbly slick AAA smash-hit . They happen because a good game designer can build an entire new life for his players out of twelve blocks and eight creatures , and a good life at that .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM Tech , All rights reserved
After many months of work , Yooka-Laylee for Nintendo Switch is nearly , almost , so close to being in your possession !
.
As usual , Kickstarter backer game codes will be distributed via BackerKit , so please keep an eye out for emails and check your spam folder . We are currently awaiting receipt of the many thousands of game codes from Nintendo , and as soon as we receive them they will be dispatched to your inbox immediately .
Backer game codes will allow you to pre-load Yooka-Laylee on your Nintendo Switch ahead of the game 's official release on December 14 . More importantly , you 'll be able to play the game immediately as well !
The Playtonic team personally handled development on Switch and spent many months adding significant optimisations , plus dozens of game updates to ensure that this version lives up to your expectations . We hope you enjoy it – and thanks again for your support !
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
In the lead up to Yooka-Laylee leaping on to Nintendo Switch , our artists have been getting in the mood by revisiting some of the Nintendo classics they helped create . See some of their amazing doodles below !
Kev Bayliss goes festive crazy with his character roster !
DK64 's Mark Stevenson proves he has no style ( or grace )
Steven 'Klungo ' Hurst 's namesake is looking forward to Ssswitch
A year after Mitt Romney won the straw poll at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference , attendees this weekend had no consensus theory for how their candidate lost in November .
Republican soul-searching has been a major theme at CPAC , the right-wing 's blockbuster conference , being held this year outside of Washington in suburban Maryland . But after two days , there is no dominant narrative or talking point to explain their bruising defeat or how to right the Republican ship in 2016.Romney himself , addressing the conference Friday in his first speech since the election , declined to weigh in . “ As someone who just lost the last election , I 'm probably not the best person to chart the course for the next election , ” Romney demurred .
Panelists offered conflicting explanations . On immigration reform , some — like Pollster Whit Ayers — have urged conservatives to embrace immigration reform . On another panel called “ Conservative Inclusion , ” speakers argued Republicans need only reach out to minority communities by doing things like attending their churches and eating their “ spicy food. ” There was a panel called “ Should We Shoot All the Consultants Now ? ” and another on the technology gap between the two parties . The list goes on .
In interviews with CPAC attendees , you hear echoes of some of the dominant theories among the political class about what went wrong — Republicans alienated minority and women voters , ran a poor ground game compared to Democrats ' impressive operation , and possibly nominated the wrong candidate — but nothing approaching a universal or common view of the cause of the GOP 's defeat .
“ ORCA , ” said Susan Huffman , 60 , referring to the the Romney campaign 's online get-out-the-vote tool that famously broke down on Election Day . “ I think it was the ORCA thing . ”
A small business manager and Romney campaign volunteer , Huffman said she spent Election Day inputting data into ORCA at Romney campaign headquarters in Boston . “ I think it just was n't tested properly , ” she said .
“ We could have won if we had a better ground game , ” said Jonathan Horton , 25 , who works for a group called ParentalRights.org in Virginia .
“ Romney was not very relatable , ” said Winston Hawks , 20 , a member of the College Republicans with Emory University in Atlanta , Ga. , who described himself as “ totally a Mitt Romney fan. ” Hawks described a problem of “ relatability ” both for the Republican Party in general and Romney as a “ super-rich , private equity guy . ”
“ The media played a very big role in that , ” said Ellie Touhey , 69 , of Montgomery County , Penn. , a volunteer who said she knocked on 1,000 doors for the Republican nominee .
But Touhey also felt Romney had made some mistakes . “ I think that he did n't fight back enough against Obama , ” she said .
“ I think Hurricane Sandy had a lot to do with it , ” said Lacey Bensing , a 17-year old Romney volunteer from Pennylvania . That , she said , and “ voter fraud . ”
Seth Grossman spent all Friday handing out flyers to promote his primary challenge to New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie ( R ) . A lawyer from Atlantic City , Grossman says Christie is “ smothering the economy with high taxes , high debt. ” His flyer shows a picture of Christie and President Obama arm-in-arm after Hurricane Sandy .
“ I 'm not saying that Romney would have won but Romney had a fighting chance , ” said Grossman . He nodded to the picture . “ And that buried whatever chance he had . ”
When Theresa May was in Brussels last Friday finalising an interim Brexit deal , Jeremy Corbyn was in Switzerland speaking at the UN 's Geneva headquarters . As British politics was consumed by battle over the terms of EU departure , it is fitting the Labour leader happened to be in the country famous for avoiding European conflicts .
Corbyn 's Brexit stance looks a lot like neutrality . It is not an issue that ignites his campaigning spirit . His power to mobilise legions of loyal supporters was not deployed for the remain cause in the referendum . It has since been marshalled towards other causes . In parliament , the tone of Labour 's response to May 's European manoeuvres sounds more like commentary than combat .
John McDonnell revealed the essence of his party 's convoluted Brexit calculations when he said on Monday Labour prefers to talk about “ a single market ” as distinct from “ the single market ” . There is only one continental single market under discussion in the current negotiations : the UK can be in it , as most Labour MPs would like , or out of it , which is the government 's goal . The shadow chancellor 's indefinite article clarifies only his reluctance to make definite choices .
Corbyn 's roots are in the vintage left Eurosceptic tradition , but his fortune has been made by a new , instinctively Europhile generation
Such calculated ambiguity has served Labour well so far . The party fought the June election with a manifesto that was explicitly but not ostentatiously pro-Brexit , and a campaign that steered debate elsewhere . Labour reassured leavers in its traditional heartland seats that it would not undo the referendum result , while scooping up votes from remainers whose urgent motive was thwarting May . The electoral alliance that deprived the Tories of a majority is a patchwork of anti-Conservative feeling , masking contradictory attitudes towards the EU and the Labour leader .
Even within the pro-Corbyn camp there are latent tensions between culture warriors who despise Brexit as Trumpesque xenophobic nationalism , and ideological stalwarts who have always seen the European project as irredeemably capitalist . That is largely a generational divide . Corbyn 's roots are in the vintage-left Eurosceptic tradition , but his fortune has been made by a new , instinctively Europhile generation – the crowd that chanted his name at Glastonbury . The Labour leader does n't want to betray their affection , but nor does he comfortably deviate from familiar doctrines .
For McDonnell the calculation is different . He sees EU rules that promote market competition and prohibit some forms of industrial subsidy as impediments to Labour 's renationalising ambitions for the economy . But he also wants to be an unthreatening candidate for the chancellor 's job . He recognises that businesses and investors like the single market , and the Treasury needs the revenues that accrue from membership .
McDonnell is pragmatic enough to dial down his distaste for European institutions if that helps defuse the City 's terror of a Corbynite government . Besides , pursuing a radical economic programme while aligned with EU rules might be inconvenient , but not as inconvenient as trying to pursue a radical programme in the crater of an economy that has been struck by a meteor-hard Brexit .
Opaque signals on Brexit are symptomatic of a deeper problem for the Corbyn project . It draws its insurgent energy – its political life force – from promises of unalloyed radicalism . But that was easier to sustain when government felt remote .
The relative success of Labour 's election campaign took even its authors by surprise . Labour 's 40 % vote share contains a portion who backed the party in spite of its leader , not because of him . Escaping opposition means reassuring those sceptics , inspiring loyalists and making new recruits . Those agendas are not easily combined .
It is tricky , for example , to persuade investors that their money would be in safe hands under Labour , while also pushing Facebook clips in which the leader tells bankers : “ You 're right – we are a threat . ”
It is possible that the incumbent administration is so lousy it is destined to collapse , making Corbyn prime minister by default . But there are no guarantees . May could hardly have shed more authority in the past six months had she been trying to sabotage her electoral prospects ; yet she approaches the end of the year with some semblance of credibility restored . The deal that allows her to proceed to the next phase of Brexit is gooey fudge , but her MPs are swallowing it .
She is now able to trumpet progress to the sizeable chunk of the electorate that just wants to know Brexit is happening without being bothered by fiddly details . That attitude happens also to sum up the Labour leader 's approach . Even allies concede that Corbyn is not interested in the fine grain of trade analytics .
Responsibility for the technical stuff has been delegated to Keir Starmer . The shadow Brexit secretary has navigated Labour towards advocating maximum alignment with the single market . But his strength is lawyerly forensics , not motivational politics . That is the leader 's department .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Labour leader on the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury in June . Photograph : Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images
As a result , Labour 's stance looks both vague and pernickety – focused on the terms and conditions without describing the actual product . This has dulled attacks on a prime minister who does n't appear to know what she is buying but ticks the T & Cs box regardless .
Labour can not lurk in the shadow of Tory disunity forever . Even if the Conservatives maintain their incompetent streak , the negotiating timetable for the second phase of Brexit will impose stark choices on Downing Street . Corbyn will need a response . But the opposition has come to rely on ambiguity as a way to avoid confronting other unresolved issues . It is a curtain from behind which the party emits different signals to different audiences : one message for older leavers , another for young remainers ; a radical pitch for some , a pragmatic tone for others .
This system works as long as the government is also hiding from tough decisions . But May 's Brexit path will soon get clearer . Then Labour will have a duty to the country to stop its European prevarications . The options will be fewer and simpler : follow or lead .
• Rafael Behr is a Guardian columnist
Some people are more shocked over a word than the fact that gay and bisexual men of color continue to contract HIV at alarming rates .
Fuck . It 's a word to describe sex . In the context of the Los Angeles LGBT Center 's bold new PrEP campaign , F * ck Without Fear , it 's used to talk about having sex without fear thanks to recent advancements in HIV prevention . The campaign , in partnership with the city of West Hollywood , utilizes sidewalk signs that display the work “ F * ck , ” which ironically has already been censored by the campaign with the use of the asterisk . Some business owners and residents have come out against the campaign and the “ dirty word , ” going so far as to cover up or deface the word in question .
“ We 've had a lot of customers come in upset , ” said Shoshana Joseph , an owner of Yogurt Stop . “ They are ashamed and embarrassed by the words . Parents are appalled . Tourists are appalled . ”
Do parents , tourists , and frozen yogurt shop owners need something to be embarrassed and ashamed of ? Let me break it down for them .
You should be embarrassed about the fact that there were over 12,000 deaths of people living with HIV in 2014 . There were nearly 500 deaths in L.A. County alone in 2014 . We know how to prevent deaths from this disease yet people continue to die because of lack of access to health care and structural barriers that include poverty , lack of education , mass incarceration , racism , sexism , homophobia and transphobia .
You should be appalled by the fact that the lifetime risk of HIV for all gay men in this country is 1 in 6 . For black gay men it is 1 in 2 and for Latino gay men it 's 1 in 4 , yet structural homophobia and racism keep much needed prevention and treatment resources from the communities that are most severely impacted by this epidemic .
You should be ashamed that our president wants to cut $ 350 million from HIV funding . We need more investment in HIV treatment and prevention right now because the lives of gay and queer men , and trans folks matter . Most Americans do n't even receive basic sexual education and in some states it 's illegal to mention gays unless in a negative context .
You should be outraged that people want to prohibit a four-letter word that is ubiquitous in our culture when there is so much profound injustice occurring . In the U.S. , LGBT people face violence , illness , and discrimination and around the world LGBT people continue to face torture and murder from hostile governments and citizenries , such as the recent killings of gay men by authorities in Chechnya .
The inability to talk openly about sex , and gay sex in particular , is what has fueled this epidemic for over 35 years . During the early years of this epidemic the Regan administration and homophobes , like Jesse Helms , did everything they could to prevent us from talking about or “ promoting ” homosexuality . We fought to be able to say fuck , or top , or bottom . We understood that we had to be able to speak clearly and honestly about the sex we have so we can communicate important sexual health information to our communities .
We are at a critical moment in this epidemic . We we have a medication that can prevent HIV , yet not all men know about it . Treatment can allow one to live healthy and have a normal life span , yet not all are on treatment . Now , more than ever , we have to take our message to the streets . Streets and sidewalks are where Stonewall , ACT UP , and Black Lives Matter have created change .
If this story angers you or inspires you , there are things you can do . Grab some chalk and draw Fuck W/Out Fear all over the sidewalks in West Hollywood . Contact Yogurt Stop and voice your disapproval . Thank the city of West Hollywood for supporting this campaign and ask them to extend it to more sidewalks . Support the Los Angeles LGBT Center in their education efforts and make a donation if you can . We must resist censorship and homophobia in all its forms because it 's deadly .
ALEX GARNER is the senior health innovation strategist for the gay social network Hornet .
A garda has been accused of lying `` in a dishonest and disreputable fashion '' about Solidarity TD Paul Murphy 's actions on the day of a water protest in Jobstown .
Seán Guerin SC , defending Mr Murphy , suggested to Garda Gavin Cooke that he had deliberately toned down his `` false '' evidence in a `` cowardly '' way , Dublin Circuit Criminal Court heard .
Gda Cooke rejected the claims while giving evidence on day 13 of the trial of Mr Murphy , 34 , and six other men .
Mr Murphy along with South Dublin Councillors Michael Murphy ( 53 ) and Kieran Mahon ( 39 ) and four other men have pleaded not guilty to falsely imprisoning Ms Burton and her advisor Karen O'Connell by restricting their personal liberty without their consent at Fortunestown Road , Jobstown , Tallaght on 15 November 2014 .
The two women were attending a graduation ceremony at An Cosán adult education centre in Jobstown when anti-water charge protesters began demonstrating around them .
They were trapped in cars for about three hours , the trial has heard .
Gda Cooke was on duty on the day and the driver of the first car Ms Burton and Ms O'Connell remained in at a local church for about an hour , the trial heard .
At one point , Gda Cooke described seeing Paul Murphy on a microphone `` doing different things '' .
Under cross-examination from Mr Guerin , he said he saw Mr Murphy directing people where to stand .
The court was then shown CCTV footage from the relevant period , which Mr Guerin said to Gda Cooke `` gives the lie to your evidence '' .
`` You were n't even in the church grounds for most of the time Mr Murphy was there , '' Mr Guerin said .
Gda Cooke said he did not see Mr Murphy in the CCTV footage , but said : `` I 'm clear as to seeing Mr Murphy that day . ''
`` What you 're telling the jury is that you saw something that could n't have happened , '' Mr Guerin said .
He put it to Gda Cooke that as well as saying in his statement that Mr Murphy was directing people , he also gave evidence to that effect in another case in the District Court when Mr Murphy was not on trial .
Mr Guerin said Gda Cooke then tried to `` tone down '' his evidence in this trial by initially saying he saw Mr Murphy doing `` different things '' .
`` I suggest to you not only did you deliberately falsify your account of what happened , you gave false evidence in the District Court and ( moved ) away from your falsehood in a dishonest and disreputable fashion because you knew your statement was false , '' Mr Guerin said .
`` That 's not true , '' Gda Cooke replied . He said he gave a true statement and has always spoken the truth in court .
Mr Guerin said : `` The reason you gave a false statement was you wanted to establish Paul Murphy was guilty of an offence . You knew his peaceful actions on the day would not be sufficient . You wanted to make him responsible for the behaviour of other people . ''
Gda Cooke denied this was the case .
Under questioning from prosecution barrister Tony McGillicuddy BL , Gda Cooke described how the protesters were shouting `` vile '' language as they surrounded the car .
He said after helping to move Ms Burton and Ms O'Connell from the car to the jeep , he saw two gardaí being assaulted by protesters .
He said he received `` two boxes in the back of the head '' .
Paul Murphy of Kingswood Heights , Tallaght ; Kieran Mahon of Holbrook Grove , Tallaght ; Michael Murphy of Whitechurch Way , Ballyboden , Dublin ; Frank Donaghy ( 71 ) of Alpine Rise , Tallaght ; Ken Purcell ( 50 ) of Kiltalown Green , Tallaght ; Michael Banks ( 46 ) of Brookview Green , Tallaght and Scott Masterson ( 34 ) of Carrigmore Drive , Tallaght have all denied the charges .
The trial continues before Judge Melanie Greally and a jury .
Introduction
The original Star Trek came out in 1966 when I was only six years old . It only ran for three seasons but had a great influence on so many people . Leonard Nimoy lived a long life and did many things ; but , to many of us he is still and will always be Mr. Spock . I think I spent my entire childhood watching the original Star Trek , first the original series and then over and over again in repeats .
I 'm amazed that for a series that only ran for three seasons for a total of 79 episodes ( I guess television series had more episodes back in the sixties ) . The series covered a lot of topics and became firmly embedded in pop culture . Leonard Nimoy as an actor , even with very little make up certainly came across as rather alien ( maybe more so than some of the modern CGI aliens ) . His character Spock introduced us to a rather rich character with logic , telepathy , the Vulcan nerve pinch and now and then getting quite emotional . After all Mr. Spock is half Vulcan and half human and the battle between his human and Vulcan sides is one of the things that makes his character quite interesting .
Logic
Mr. Spock is best known for his pursuit of logic , suppressing all emotion in order to become a purely logical being . This was probably greatly annoying to a lot of parents who now had to put up with kids always pointing out that most things are not logical . On the other hand I think it was a great way to promote critical thinking which is a skill that often seems quite lacking in society in general .
For people looking to fit into a more and more complicated world that is changing faster and faster , I think you could do far worse than adopting a more Vulcan logical approach to life . If you are worried about being conned or deceived often stepping back and applying some logic can be a great way to analyze things without getting caught up in the moment .
Of course one thing to remember is that logic is a way of making deductions based on a set of assumptions . If you do n't start with good assumptions then purely logical reasoning will lead to rather crazy conclusions . This is where critical thinking and science come in . If you start from good solid assumptions then logic will take you far . If you start with ridiculous assumptions then you get the logic often put forward by various politicians and others looking to manipulate you for their own purposes . A key takeaway for useful logic is to always question and refine your assumptions . Mathematics is based on this . Most Mathematics starts with a small set of assumptions or axioms and then builds a theory using logic and mathematical proofs to determine where they lead . For instance Euclid created his Geometry on a few axioms like “ It is possible to draw a straight line from any point to any other point. ” And from these proved many useful Geometric theorems that we all learn in school today .
Mathematics tends to be a mental exercise where a practical use is n't necessarily the goal . Science uses mathematics , but everything has to be tested against the physical world . So if you start with a set of axioms and get a theory , but experiment shows some part is wrong , then one of your axioms is wrong and needs to be fixed . Science tends to be very demanding in this regard as Spock would often point out to Kirk .
Science Officer
Mr. Spock was both the second in command and the science officer for the Enterprise . As science officer Spock could apply his logic in a scientific context that was quite inspirational to a generation of budding scientists . He then had use of the ship 's scanners and his trusty tricorder when on landing parties .
One of the Enterprise 's primary missions was scientific discovery . The series was created around the same time as the Apollo moon program was in full gear . The assumption here was that the moon would be the first step and we would continue on to the planets of the solar system and eventually the nearby star systems . As it turns out we gave up on pursuing space and it only seems like we are starting to get interested in it again now nearly 50 years later .
Computers
Spock was also the computer expert on the Enterprise and the common use of computers in the Star Trek series also planted the seed for many budding computer scientists . It 's interesting that the people creating the original series were most concerned that their computer technology was the farthest out there thing on the series . They were convinced that we would have things like faster than light star ships and transporters far sooner than we would have talking computers that you could ask anything and get an instant intelligent answer . Of course now we have exceeded the computer technology in the original series , but warp drive still is n't on the horizon .
There were quite a few episodes concerned with completely logical machines who often wanted to wipe out us illogical biological beings in some sort of pursuit of perfection . These episodes would often showcase the relationship between logical Spock and emotional Kirk . Asking the question of what makes us human , our ability to think , reason and be scientific and logical versus our emotional intuitive side ? Usually coming to the conclusion that you needed both and that balance is required .
Summary
I 'm sure we 'll see many more Vulcans and new Mr. Spocks as Hollywood reboots this series every now and then . But to me the real Mr. Spock is Leonard Nimoy and he will be missed .
Advertisements
COMMON TERMS USED IN THESE RULES : These are the official rules that govern how the Apps Reward Scheme will operate . The Apps Reward Scheme will be simply referred to as “ Scheme ” throughout the rest of these rules . In these Official Rules , “ we , ” “ our , ” “ us ” and “ Razer ” refer to Razer Inc. , the sponsor of the Scheme . “ You ” refers to an eligible Scheme entrant who must agree to these Official Rules .
ELIGIBILITY
You must meet the eligibility requirements as set out in the Razer Contest Terms and Conditions ( http : //www.razerzone.com/terms-conditions/contest ) .
You must meet any further requirements published by Razer at the time of the Scheme .
This Scheme is void outside of the geographic area described above and wherever else prohibited by law .
Entrants must be aged 18 and above
Entrants must be located within RazerStore 's shipping locations to be eligible
App must be submitted to Razer for evaluation AND available on the PLAY/iOS store
Razer employees and family members are not eligible
Persons entering as part of a company or on behalf of their employer acknowledge that these Official Rules are binding on their employer and further warrant that the company and/or employer has full knowledge of participation and has granted consent for participation . Sponsor will honor any employer policy regarding receipt of a reward by an employee .
Even if you have developed and published a Razer Nabu app prior to the launch of this reward program , you will be eligible for the reward scheme EXCEPTION with apps that emerge from Razer hackathon winners . As they have already won a prize , they will not be entitled to redeem another reward for that app
HOW TO ENTER
Submission Period 1 st April 2015 will be the closing date for this reward scheme . Any submissions after will not be accepted .
All Entries shall be submitted in the manner as stipulated by us .
App must be uploaded to Razer servers and be available on the Google Play Store or Apple 's iOS store before submitting for entry
A “ new ” App is defined as an app that integrates the Razer Nabu at the time of launch . An “ existing ” App is defined as an App that already existed on the PLAY or iOS store , but added Nabu integration as an update before submission
Entrants may submit more than one Submission . For teams who worked together on an App , your app will be submitted under one individual . Reward scheme only works PER app submitted .
Submission is not complete until all the online prompts and instructions to upload have been properly followed and the Official Rules have been affirmatively accepted . By entering , Entrants acknowledge compliance with these Official Rules . Submission will not be returned and become the property of the Sponsor ; however the App itself remains the property of the Entrant . By uploading a Submission , the Entrant warrants and represents that he/she ( or Entrant Team if applicable ) is the creator of the App and that he/she consents to the use of the Submission in the Challenge .
Submission , must comply with the App Technical Requirements and entry terms set forth below in order to be eligible .
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
App specifications and requirements , instructions , and software development kits for building a Nabu powered app exist online at http : //developer.razerzone.com/nabu/
App must integrate the Razer Nabu and make use of one or more of the Nabu SDK 's APIs . Refer to this page to find out more about the criteria of the app
App must not violate the < Razer 's existing T & C for apps >
The App may either be a “ new ” App or an “ updated ” App . In either case the App must satisfy the requirements disclosed in these rules . If updates are being made to an existing App for the purpose of Challenge entry , the App must be the property of the Entrant/Entrant Team and/or their respective employer . ( NOTE : Entrants/Entrant Teams are not permitted to update an existing app unless the existing app is their original creation . ) .
App must be available in English and available to the public in at least one region of U.S , Europe or Asia Pacific .
Asking for advice from APIs , platform and language supporters is encouraged and highly recommended .
Content Requirementsa Each Entry must be : ( i ) the team 's original work ; and ( ii ) work which is created specifically for this Scheme . We reserve the right in our sole discretion to disqualify Entries which : ( i ) have been submitted in another competition ( the prohibition includes previously published art works which are not provided by us ) ; ( ii ) contain any racial , religious , or ethnic slurs , explicit language , obscene , pornographic , violent or sexual content , libel , hate speech , references to alcohol , drugs or other illicit substances or otherwise objectionable , offensive , illegal , inappropriate or prohibited material ; and/or ( iii ) contain any intellectual property owned by any third party ( other than images provided by us ) or the likeness of any real-life individuals .
We reserve the right to disqualify any team that fails to abide by these Official Rules .
ENTRY TERMS
Determination of compliance with entry , technical , and creative requirements and these Official Rules will be in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and designated Judging Panel . By entering , Entrants warrant that Submission : Apps must follow the privacy policy of Razer and the respective privacy laws within the country Determination of Tiers will be decided by Razer Undisputable and up to our own discretion is the original work of the Entrant/Entrant Team or an update to an original work of the Entrant/Entrant Team ; does not contain any use of names , likenesses , photographs , or other identifying elements in whole or in part , of any person , living or dead , without permission ( proof of which must be provided to the Sponsor upon request in a form satisfactory to the Sponsor ) ; does not infringe or violate the rights of any third party , including but not limited to , copyrights , trademarks , logos , copyrighted material not owned by Entrant ( other than Sponsor 's related materials ) , contract and licensing rights , rights of publicity or privacy , moral rights , or any other intellectual property rights ; is not subject to any third party agreements , and that the Sponsor will not be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of its ownership , acquisition , use or exploitation of the entries or rights therein ; was made with the understanding that any required permits from local authorities or other permissions have been obtained and is documented sufficiently such that Entrant can show proof of such permission upon request from the Sponsor ; does not contain hateful content of any kind ( including without limitation racism , sexism , etc . ) , content which promotes violence or harm to another living creature , or any other offensive , obscene , or inappropriate content , the determination of which shall remain in the sole discretion of the Sponsor ; does not promote any activity that may appear unsafe or dangerous ; does not contain reference to any political agenda or party ; and that Entrant/Entrant Team indemnify the Sponsor from and against any cause of action , complaints , or other claims arising out of the breach of any of the foregoing warranties .
REWARDS
Rewards will be awarded respective to the assigned tiers Reward Scheme can be viewed here < Link to rewards ( TBC ) >
Once the tier has been assigned and the app fulfils all submission rules and eligibility , the entrant will be contacted via email
A coupon code will be given to the entrant which they can then redeem at the online RazerStore How the code is used is up to the receiver 's discretion . However , it will only be usable once
You will be notified of the code 's expiry date
Promotional feature will feature your app on one or more of our social networks The content and timing of the post will be determined by Razer .
Rewards stated are in USD and will vary depending on your country 's currency
Razer will not handle disputes amongst team members on the reward . It will be tied to the submitter and how they use the reward is up to their own discretion
You may not exchange your reward for cash or any other merchandise or services . However , if for any reason the advertised reward is unavailable , we reserve the right to substitute a reward of equal or greater value ;
If you accept a reward , you will be solely responsible for all applicable income , sales and other taxes related to accepting the reward ;
If you are otherwise eligible for this Scheme , but are considered a minor in your place of residence , we may award the reward to your parent/legal guardian on your behalf ; and
Unless otherwise noted , the reward is subject to the manufacturer 's warranty and/or terms and conditions and software license .
IP OWNERSHIP
Save for certain rights granted to us as set out below , all intellectual property rights developed by your team in connection with this Scheme shall be the absolute property of your team .
By submitting your Entry , you hereby grant to us an irrevocable , royalty-free , non-exclusive , worldwide right and license to : ( i ) use , review , assess , test , and otherwise analyse your Entry and all its contents solely in connection with this Scheme ; ( ii ) feature , in all media ( now known or later developed ) , your Entry and all its contents in connection with the marketing or promotion of this Scheme and all subsequent iterations of this Scheme . Such marketing and promotion includes but is not limited to the use of internal and external presentations , tradeshows , and screen shots of the Scheme process in press releases ; and ( iii ) retain a copy of your Entry solely for us to avoid potential future conflicts for any user generated content created at our events .
Save as set out above , we will not commercialize or monetize any part of your Entry .
MISCELLANEOUS RULES
By submitting your Entry , you :
agree to sign any necessary documentation that may be required for us and our designees to make use of the rights you granted ;
agree to assist us and our representatives in the creation of case studies or white papers ( collectively “ Studies ” ) detailing your Entry . Studies will not include any confidential information . Upon your approval of the Studies ' accuracy , you shall give us permission to display the Studies , including trademarks , logos , and other identifying information contained in it , on our websites and in other marketing materials ( which may take various forms such as printed materials , online articles , video , audio and other digital recordings ) ;
acknowledge and agree that other entrants or any other third parties ( including us ) may have developed or commissioned materials similar or identical to your Entry and you/your team waive any claims you may have resulting from any such similarities to your Entry ; and
understand that except as set out in these Official Rules , you will not receive any compensation or credit from us for any use of your Entry . This provision does not limit any compensation you may receive through us or third parties as a result of any commercialization of your Entry beyond the scope of these Official Rules .
WHAT OTHER CONDITIONS ARE YOU AGREEING TO BY ENTERING THIS SCHEME ?
By entering this Scheme , you agree :
To abide by these Official Rules ( which may be amended by us from time to time ) ;
To release and hold harmless Razer and its respective parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , employees and agents from any and all liability or any injury , loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this Scheme or any rewards won ;
That Razer 's decisions will be final and binding on all matters related to this Scheme ;
That by accepting the reward , Razer may use your proper name and place of residence online and in print , or in any other media , in connection with this Scheme , without payment or compensation to you , except where prohibited by law ;
To contact us prior to promoting or publicizing your participation in and , if applicable , your reward in this Scheme ;
That we may contract third party vendors to assist and provide services related to the running and/or judging of this Scheme . In such a situation , you may be asked to agree to third-party terms and conditions and you must abide by any such terms and conditions ; and
To all the terms and conditions as set out in the Razer Contest Terms and Conditions ( http : //www.razerzone.com/terms-conditions/contest ) .
WHAT LAWS GOVERN THE WAY THIS SCHEME IS EXECUTED AND ADMINISTRATED ?
This Scheme will be governed by the laws of the State of California , and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of California for any disputes arising out of this Scheme .
WHAT IF SOMETHING UNEXPECTED HAPPENS AND THE SCHEME CA N'T RUN AS PLANNED ?
If cheating , a virus , a bug , a catastrophic event or any other unforeseen or unexpected event that can not be reasonably anticipated or controlled ( sometimes referred to as force majeure ) affects the Scheme , we reserve the right to cancel , change or suspend this Scheme . This right is reserved whether the event is due to human or technical error .
If you attempt to compromise the integrity or the legitimate operation of this Scheme by hacking , cheating or committing fraud in ANY way , we may seek damages from you to the fullest extent permitted by law and disqualify any Entry you made . Further , we may ban you from participating in any of our future Schemes , so please play fairly .
COUNTRY SPECIFIC NOTICES : ( if any )
Let 's run a quick thought experiment . The Department of Health and Human Services releases a report claiming that 99.9 percent of all people who signed up for private health plans through Obamacare had paid their monthly premiums . Let 's say this report provided a state-by-state breakdown of the data that conspicuously omitted a number of states . Let 's also say that some of the largest health insurers participating in Obamacare had already provided estimates that were far lower than 99.9 percent . The White House and Democrats across the country wave the report around as proof positive that not only is Obamacare working , it 's succeeding far beyond their most optimistic projections .
What would happen in this scenario ? The conservative press would loudly , and rightly , accuse the Obama administration of cooking the books on Obamacare . Darrell Issa would schedule hearings and subpoena documents . Ted Cruz would call on Kathleen Sebelius to resign again . Louie Gohmert would call for impeachment , and Lindsay Graham would ask about the Benghazi talking points . Any media outlet that mouthed the administration 's line would see its credibility take a huge hit .
Advertisement :
This is the situation we find ourselves in now , only the parties and the numbers are flipped . The House GOP this week released a laughably incomplete report claiming that Obamacare premium payments came in at just 67 percent . The report omitted states that are n't part of the federal marketplace ( and even a couple that are ) , relied upon incomplete data , and put out an estimate that was wildly at variance with those of big health insurers , which put payment rates as high as 90 percent . The report was , in the judgment of ACA sign-up tallyman Charles Gaba , a “ big pile of crap . ”
The crappiness of said pile was , for conservatives in the media , a secondary consideration ( if it was ever a consideration at all ) . The right jumped on this comically inept analysis from House Republicans without so much as a moment 's hesitation . Yesterday I wrote about how conservatives are finding themselves suddenly short of ways to attack the ACA , so they 're seizing on anything they can to try and sustain the narrative that Obamacare is failing . This is a prime example of precisely that .
“ The enrollment totals were bogus and worse than expected , ” wrote Townhall.com 's Guy Benson . “ The widely touted figure of eight million enrollments that Barack ‘ Mission Accomplished ' Obama 's been pushing lately is flatly bogus , ” was the take at Hot Air . The Weekly Standard , the Daily Caller , National Review – everyone got in on the pigpile .
On one level , you can understand their eagerness , given that the administration has yet to release data on premium payments for Obamacare enrollees , and has instead offered estimates from insurance companies as to how many people paid . But the House GOP 's report is not a good faith attempt to fill that data void . TPM obtained the survey that the Republicans on the Energy and Commerce Committee sent to insurers to collect the payment data , and according to sources they talked to it “ appears designed to yield an unfavorable result . ”
The whole point of the exercise seems to have been to get a low number out there for opponents of the law to latch onto . “ Once information like this is out there , ” observed Jonathan Cohn , “ it becomes a permanent part of the conversation . Republicans and their supporters will keep citing it , over and over again . Some will even say it 's proof that Obama is ‘ cooking the books'—even if it turns out that it 's Republicans , not the White House , playing games with the numbers . ”
While the right keeps fumbling about with bad news of their own concoction , potentially good news about the ACA keeps trickling out . States like Florida and Michigan , which in 2014 will see competitive gubernatorial and Senate elections , respectively , saw huge surges towards the end of the open enrollment period . Over 270,000 Michigan residents signed up for coverage , beating early projections by a hefty 70 percent . The final push in Florida saw enrollment increase 123 percent between February and April , and the state 's final tally came in just under 1 million .
Advertisement :
The nationwide enrollment tally , according to newly released HHS data , sits at just over 8 million people .
Again , the payment data have n't been released yet so these can only be considered preliminary totals , but at the very least they represent a huge comeback for the ACA from the debacles of late 2013 . Republicans and conservatives , however , are still desperately trying to bring back the doom-and-gloom from Obamacare 's doldrums , even as the political and policy terrain shifts beneath their feet .
Stanford University got lots of attention for inviting the public to participate in a series of free online computer-science classes . One thing that 's drawn less notice is how some of the technologies that help facilitate those mega-classes are changing the experience for Stanford students learning the same subjects . Now a Stanford student is provoking a debate on those innovations , with a blog post critiquing the rigor and format of the “ flipped classroom ” teaching method deployed in his machine-learning course .
In one version of that course offered to Stanford students , the traditional teaching format was inverted , with lectures presented through online videos and optional once-a-week class meetings devoted to problem-solving with the professor . The videos , plus auto-graded assignments , were also offered to the public in the free online version of the machine-learning class . As of November , a staggering 94,000 people had signed up to take that course .
But Ben Rudolph ( pictured above ) , a junior majoring in computer science , provoked a lively discussion on Hacker News with a blog post attacking the largely online version of that class that was offered to Stanford students . He faulted the course , “ CS229A : Applied Machine Learning , ” for insufficiently challenging assignments and for swapping live lectures with canned videos .
“ Online lectures suck . Sure , they 're great for rainy days or people learning at a distance or people that do n't go to Stanford . However , these new classes are getting rid of in-person lectures completely . I met barely anyone in my CS229a class . Everything was done alone in my room , which is kind of crappy especially when there is such a nice campus right outside. ” “ The initiative that Stanford has taken to open up education is great . However , God help me if all my classes become 2 hours weekly online lectures with review questions and auto-graded programming exercises . Stanford can expect a letter from me asking to get a cut in my tuition if the classes begin to go the way of CS229a . ”
Mr. Rudolph took particular exception to the programming exercises , in which the computer automatically informed students whether or not they got 100 percent on the task . “ It 's so black and white , ” he tells Wired Campus . “ They have to make it easy enough so everyone can get 100 percent , basically . In the past I 've turned in programming assignments , and only the really smart kids got stellar scores , because they went above and beyond . This model kind of discourages that . ”
In one sense , Mr. Rudolph does n't have much to complain about . Stanford also offered a traditional version of machine learning via another class—CS229 , taught by the same professor , Andrew Y. Ng—with live lectures twice a week . What 's more interesting is his worry about the spread of technologies that facilitate teaching to a mass audience , as well as his take on the “ flipped classroom , ” a teaching format getting lots of buzz lately largely through the work of the ed-tech star Salman Khan .
According to Mr. Ng , that format first appealed to Stanford professors as a way to improve education for the university 's own students , not to accommodate the general public , as Mr. Rudolph suggests . Prior to flipping his class , Mr. Ng had already been offering students the option of watching video recordings of his lectures at home rather than attending the lectures in person . The average in-class attendance hovered around 30 percent of students .
“ The vast majority of students in my class were not showing up to class , and they were choosing to watch videos of me instead of showing up to the live classroom , ” Mr. Ng says . “ If students prefer to watch videos online anyway , then maybe we can do much better . ”
In particular , Mr. Ng thinks the online experience can be improved through shorter , more topically coherent videos , and interactive quizzes .
Right now , when Mr. Ng asks a question in class , here 's what happens : Half the room is still madly scribbling away , he says . Maybe one-quarter of the students are on Facebook . And there 's sometimes one “ smarty-pants ” in the first row who blurts out a response . ” Essentially , only one student in a class gets to attempt an answer , ” he says . “ Whereas in contrast , using online videos and interactive quizzes , every student gets to attempt an answer . ”
As for auto-graded assignments , Mr. Ng stresses the benefits of instant feedback over the traditional method of returning assignments weeks after students learned the material .
And notwithstanding Mr. Rudolph 's complaints , early responses are encouraging : Teaching evaluations for the “ flipped ” version of the class ( CS229A ) were comparable to those for the traditional class ( CS229 ) . So , too , were students performances on the final project , which was graded based on the same criteria for both the traditional class and the new “ applied ” version of it .
“ This was surprising , because even though CS229A had fewer prerequisites and thus many students in CS229A had come in to the class with a weaker mathematical background , this shows that they nonetheless learned enough to perform essentially identically to CS229 students in terms of getting machine-learning algorithms to work , ” Mr. Ng says . The professor sees this as evidence that “ the flipped classroom medium in CS229A is even more effective than the traditional lecture-based CS229 one for teaching students machine learning . ”
Another student , Kevin Khoa Nguyen , agrees with Mr. Rudolph that the new class had been one of the easiest computer-science courses in his time at Stanford . Mr. Nguyen tells Wired Campus that he is a big fan of the online lecture format , however .
“ I think this is the future of education , ” he says . “ The videos save a lot of time in going to class and the use of efficiently displayed diagrams takes away the overhead in drawing diagrams on a whiteboard . Obviously , this approach comes at a cost of classroom interactivity , which can be remedied with sites like Piazza , ” an online forum where students can ask questions .
What do you think ? Is this the future of education ? Or a misguided innovation ?
While it 's always been common with American whiskey to name a product after the person who created it , historical labels have never been more fashionable . If there is n't an actual vintage brand name available to resurrect , whiskey companies will create a legend of their own . Stories abound as to why these men were so important and why they 're now being glorified upon a bottle a whiskey , but do we really know who these people were ? Right now there 's a cast of characters on our liquor shelves more complex and widespread than an episode of Game of Thrones . I 've been writing up some informational sheets to help educate the K & L staff about our selection , so I figured why not share that info here as well ? Let 's get to know some of these folks , shall we ?
E.H. Taylor Jr. ( Buffalo Trace label ) - You 've probably heard of Old Crow whiskey . It 's now a label owned by Jim Beam , but back in the 1830s it was made the Old Oscar Pepper Distillery in Woodford County . The whiskey was named for Dr. James Crow , a Scotsman trained in chemistry who emigrated to Kentucky and used his scientific knowledge to improve the quality of his distillates . When Crow died in 1856 he left no heir to his brand , which was subsequently sold to man named W.A . Gaines . Gaines would form a firm that employed a young E.H. Taylor Jr. , who was immediately sent to Europe on a research mission . Taylor 's job was to visit every distillery he could and bring back information about modern distillation . Upon his return a new distillery was built for Old Crow using the knowledge Taylor brought home with him . He eventually purchased his own distillery in 1869 , where he used pot still distillation like he had seen abroad . His attention to detail and his modern marketing methods were far ahead of their time . Taylor 's branding of Old Crow brought the whiskey national attention .
George T. Stagg ( Buffalo Trace label ) - While the Buffalo Trace website will tell you that George T. Stagg `` teamed up '' with E.H. Taylor , Michael Veach 's book paints a bit of a different picture . Due to difficult financial times and `` an overproduction of whiskey , '' Taylor lost control of the OFC distillery to the firm of Gregory and Stagg from St. Louis . Taylor would go on to build another distillery and market his own Old Taylor brand , but the OFC distillery would be modernized and upgraded by Stagg , later rechristened to bear his name in 1904 .
Elmer T. Lee ( Buffalo Trace label ) - Elmer T. Lee was the master distiller at Age International , which would eventually become part of Sazerac . Lee was pretty much the first person to market single barrel whiskey , taking a page from Colonel Albert Blanton ( Buffalo Trace ) ( let 's kill two birds with one stone here ) , the former manager for George T. Stagg distillery where Lee got his first job , would bottle high-quality barrels on their own and use them as gifts for important visitors . Lee introduced Blanton Single Barrel Whiskey in 1984 . Buffalo Trace would eventually name their own single barrel whiskey after Lee who still continues to advise the distillery and help with cask selection when needed .
William Larue Weller ( Buffalo Trace label ) - Born in 1825 , W. L. Weller was one of the early figures in the Kentucky whiskey business , yet records show that his grandfather Daniel Weller had a license for a still as early as the year 1800 . Weller is credited by some as the first distiller to used wheat instead of rye as the flavor grain in the mash , debuting his wheated Bourbon in 1849 , but it 's more likely that one of the Stitzel family did it first .. When Prohibition hit the U.S. in 1920 , only six companies were allowed to keep distilling for medicinal purposes , one of those being the A. Ph . Stitzel Distillery , upon whose license the company W. L. Weller & Sons functioned .
Pappy Van Winkle ( Van Winkle/Buffalo Trace label ) - After Prohibition , the companies of A. Ph . Stitzel and W. L. Weller & Sons merged in order to stay afloat during the difficult period . According to Michael Veach , they needed a product that tasted good in the short term to keep fresh product on the market , so they used a wheated formula that became quite popular despite its youth . Julian `` Pappy '' Van Winkle ran the Stitzel-Weller company along with a man named Alex T. Farnsley . After Farnsley died in 1941 , Van Winkle was in sole control and his marketing ideas included cask-strength and extra-matured releases that have become the norm today . Cabin Still , Old Fitzgerald , and Weller Reserve were some of the brands Van Winkle championed under the Stitzel-Weller banner before a decline in sales forced the Van Winkles to sell the company in 1972 .
Jim Beam ( Jim Beam label ) - Jacob Beam was one of the first settlers in the Kentucky region known to have made whiskey . He would go on to spawn many a whisky maker within his progeny . James Beauregard `` Jim '' Beam , his great-grandson born in 1864 , would go on to be the most famous of them . According to Chuck Cowdery , `` Jim and his younger brother , Park , took over the family business in 1892 , along with their sister 's husband , Ablert J. Hart . They operated this distillery until Prohibition closed it . As Prohibition approached , Jim also bought a controlling interest in the F. G. Walker plant where his cousin Joe was master distiller and part-owner . '' When Prohibition ended , the seventy-year-old Jim , along with his sons , built a new distillery with investors at Clermont , where they resurrected the Old Tub brand , but added a new label simply called `` Jim Beam . ''
Basil Hayden Sr. ( Jim Beam label ) - A devout Catholic and proponent of the church , Hayden helped lead a group of families from Maryland to Nelson County , Kentucky back in 1796 and became an early settler in the territory . When he was n't farming or working on behalf of the church , Hayden was distilling and became known for his high-rye mashbill according to Beam , but many disputes this claim . He would pass that knowledge on to his son , who in turn passed it on to his son . His grandson Raymond Hayden would eventually build his own distillery in 1882 and call his brand Old Grand-Dad in honor of Basil . Today Beam Global owns the Old Grand-Dad label . The Basil Hayden label was created in 1988 as part of a small-batch collection .
F. Noe Booker II/Booker 's ( Jim Beam label ) - Booker Noe was the master distiller at Jim Beam for more than 40 years before his death in 2004 . His namesake Bourbon was part of Jim Beam 's small batch collection and , like the story of Colonel Blanton , represented Noe 's penchant for bottling high-proof , unfiltered for his own use and for gifts . He was the grandson of Jim Beam .
Elijah Craig ( Heaven Hill label ) - Craig was a Virginian Baptist preacher and historical frontiersman that is often credited with the invention of Bourbon whiskey . Chuck Cowdery has a great in-depth look at Craig 's background in his book Bourbon , Straight . While Craig was definitely one the region 's earliest distillers , his distillery was never located in Bourbon County , therefore discrediting the idea that Bourbon was named after Craig 's distillery locale . Records show that Craig was more known for establishing the first fulling mill , paper mill , and rope walk in Kentucky , but no mention is ever made of the first distillery .
Evan Williams ( Heaven Hill label ) - While Evan Williams is known as `` Kentucky 's first distiller , '' Michael Veach 's research shows that this claim does not hold up . Reuben Durrett first made this assertion in 1892 , claiming that William 's had distilled corn whiskey as early as 1783 ; however , records show that Williams did not emigrate from Londron until May of 1784 .
William Forrester/Old Forester ( Brown-Forman label ) - The firm of Brown-Forman was originally founded by two brothers , George Brown and J. T. S. Brown Jr. , back in 1870 with the release of its Old Forester Bourbon . Whiskey was still considered medicinal at the time , but according to Veach : `` physicians resisted prescribing it beacuse it was mostly sold by the barrel and quality could vary greatly from barrel to barrel . '' The Browns decided to sell their whiskey by the bottle as a result , making Old Forester the first Bourbon to be available exclusively in this format . The whiskey was appropriately named after the Louisville physician William Forrester , but the second r was dropped from the name when Forrester retired . Veach writes , `` the label was designed to look like a physician 's prescription and inludes a handwritten claim to quality : 'Nothing Better in the Market . ' ''
James E. Pepper ( independent label ) - According to Michael Veach , James E. Pepper was a distiller who `` attempted to thwart counterfeiters by affixing strip stamps carrying his signature across the corks in his bottles of whiskey . His advertisements warned consumers to buy only bottles with intact stamps . Otherwise , they may not be buying 'Genuine Pepper ' whiskey . The concept of the strip stamp over the cork would later be taken up by the government in the form of tax stamps . ''
Jimmy Russell/Russell 's Reserve ( Wild Turkey label ) - James C. Russell has been the master distillert at Wild Turkey distillery for more than 50 years . He grew up near the distillery and followed his father and grandfather into the industry .
I 'm leaving out Jack Daniel and George Dickel because I do n't really care about those guys . Now that we know who everyone is maybe it 's time to start filming our historic television show based upon all of these characters .
-David Driscoll
What 's the most common item to be modded first on a custom bike , would you say ? The seat ? The rubber ? Maybe the ‘ bars ? Now consider what the most unlikely first thing to sink your teeth into might be . Actually , do n't bother , because Peter Boggia and the crew at Brooklyn 's Moto Borgotaro already have it figured out . It 's the tacho . And while the rest of us would be wrestling with greasy engines and skinned knuckles , Peter got all Swiss watchmaker on this Guzzi LeMans and followed the look right on through to the rest of this rather sweet-looking bike .
“ And then we said , let 's start with the dash , ” notes Pete . “ It may seem strange , but when you think about it , a tacho really says a lot about a bike . The custom faceplate on this single Motogadget gauge echoes industrial designers like Dieter Rams , who believed in concentrating only on essential aspects of an object , and not overburdening it with anything more . ”
Take a look and you 'll see a mark at 4000RPM denoting the start of the power band , and another marking the end . It 's all that 's needed , and it 's punctuated with the only glimpse of color on the entire bike .
And just as the typeface on the dash has been stripped of any superfluous serifs , the bike itself has been freed of clutter . “ Most of what makes this motorcycle special is hard to see straightaway . The essential lines and knuckle-like motor shape have the same distinctive and striking look as the original LeMans . And that 's exactly the point . ”
“ The bike 's look is all about how the LeMans tank runs into the seat and into that particular tail light , ” he says . “ That 's what the original designer spent so much care in creating . This is n't a reinvention . There 's no chopping and rear-ranging , because the lines were so right on these bikes to start out with . Period . ”
But underneath that silhouette , this bike is anything but a stock restoration . Th more keen-of-eye amongst you will have noticed that the lower rails of the frame have been eliminated entirely . “ It 's believed that these were redundant members of the famously rigid Tonti frames . Even still , the headstock was reinforced extra trusses were added to the frame for good measure ” says Boggia .
Pushing this speedy Italian towards the horizon is a 1,000cc motor that 's been tweaked , ported and primed . Even its timing chain has been upgraded ; it 's now been replaced by precision aluminum gears . Like Swiss watch-making… again .
Add it all up and this bike exudes a kind of visual power , even while at rest . Give it some gas and its custom reproduction factory race exhaust respond with an angry , unholy roar .
“ This bike has received many nicknames around the shop . Notably , Hellsgate , for how it sounds . And Black Silk , for how it rides . But now we mostly call it Apollonia . ”
High performance ceramic bearings have been installed in the powder-coated original LeMans wheels , as well as in the driveshaft . Another little secret in this bike 's performance lies is its transmission—a critical ingredient in the overall recipe , says Boggia .
Upgraded suspension helps keep all that power glued to the road with YSS rear shocks and a period-correct ( and progressive ) Ducati M1R front end . And it stops as good as it goes , thanks to twin 300-millimeter floating rotors , four-piston calipers and a massive radial master cylinder by Brembo .
The bike 's custom wiring harness originates from a state-of-the-art German-made Motogadget M-Unit ; a widget about the size of a pack of cigarettes that uses micro-processors and self-resetting fuses to streamline design and eliminate traditional relays .
And those cheesy red dice valve caps ? “ That 's a reminder that with all this high-minded design talk , we ca n't take ourselves too seriously , ” says Boggia .
Like all Moto Borgotaro builds , this Guzzi was torn down to the crank , media blasted and hand-polished to a slick finish with oil , steel wool , and endless hours of elbow grease . Everything was rebuilt with new seals and hardware by a shop that 's successfully rebuilt so many Moto Guzzi motors , by rights they should be getting overtime cheques from Italy .
And it was n't declared done until after one very long weekend of test riding . This particular recipe has apparently been refined by Boggia over 15 years of living and breathing Moto Guzzis , and will be repeated for five more bikes to be made to the exact same spec as a limited production run . Call us crazy , but we 're pretty sure you 'll have to act quickly to get your hands on one . Real quick .
[ Photography by Ryan Handt ]
Where would you like to be ?
Being alone , somewhere quiet and peaceful , alongside nature .
Somewhere with a sense of royalty or pride . Buckingham palace or a gormet resturant .
A mountainous area .
A fashion show or a nice little boutique .
Urrrrrgh ... somewhere calm like by a river .
With my besties : ) Or Somewhere like a field of flowers !
A fighting arena ! grr ...
With a loved one , who will always belong to me .
Urrm ... in imaginationland so im Happy !
Reality ! thanks .
Somewhere with a sense of justice and a place where i can do some good , like a peaceful protest or a charity shop .
Someplace Dark and peaceful
Somehwere better than that person . * points at person *
The gym ! where i can display some passion in fighting and keep fit .
Somewhere safe and somewhere that wont make me lose my temper .
In the Sky where i can soar !
A joke shop or the class where i can have a good laugh and play some pranks ! hurhur ..
Somewhere away from people or i may just fight them if disturbed !
I dont mind ... : )
Hillary Rodham Clinton at an EMILY 's List gala on Tuesday in Washington . ( REUTERS/Yuri Gripas )
This story has been updated .
One of Vice President Biden 's most prominent supporters said Wednesday that twin controversies swirling around Hillary Rodham Clinton should give Democrats serious pause about anointing her as the party 's presidential nominee .
Dick Harpootlian , a former Democratic Party chairman in South Carolina , home to an early and important presidential primary , said recent reports about Clinton 's use of private e-mail to conduct government business and her family 's charitable foundation accepting donations from foreign governments while she was secretary of state could be damaging to her likely 2016 presidential campaign .
`` There 's always another shoe to drop with Hillary , '' Harpootlian said in an interview Wednesday . `` Do we nominate her not knowing what 's in those e-mails ? ... If the e-mails were just her and her family and friends canoodling about fashion and what they 're going to do next week , that 's one thing . But the fact that she 's already turned e-mails to the Benghazi committee because she was doing official business on it means she 's going to die by 1,000 cuts on this one . ''
The House Select Committee on Benghazi , which discovered Clinton 's use of a personal e-mail account during its probe of the fatal 2012 terrorist attack on the State Department 's consulate in Benghazi , Libya , is preparing to subpoena Clinton 's private e-mails later Wednesday .
In the two days since The New York Times first reported on Clinton 's e-mails , many Democrats have come to Clinton 's defense . Clinton allies have argued that the story , which has Washington and cable television news atwitter , will not influence the way regular voters view Clinton months from now when they cast ballots .
But Harpootlian -- who has been an active and outspoken booster of a Biden 2016 candidacy -- said the foundation donations and e-mail stories have sparked chatter among South Carolina politicos about drafting other candidates into the Democratic primary . Referencing Biden specifically , he said , “ I 'll tell you this : He ai n't got no e-mail problems . He ai n't got no foundation problems . What you see with Joe is what you get . There 's nothing hidden there . ”
Harpootlian added , “ The chatter down here is , 'Is this the best we can do ? ' Certainly everyone wants to give a woman a chance to lead this country , but is [ Clinton ] the woman ? There are plenty of other women who would be competitive , whether it 's Elizabeth Warren or Amy Klobuchar or Kirsten Gillibrand . ”
The three Democratic senators , from Massachusetts , Minnesota and New York respectively , have each ruled out a 2016 campaign .
Harpootlian said that throughout Clinton 's more than two decades in public life , she has had a “ protective cocoon ” of “ sycophantic political operatives ” around her , but that their response so far has been ham-handed at best .
`` She better peel away the layers of protection and come out and talk about this , '' Harpootlian said . `` Who were the e-mails to ? What is this about ? Why did you do it ? Put it to bed . You ca n't play rope-a-dope and be elected President of the United States . ”
Update , 4:06 p.m . ET :
Adrienne Watson , a spokeswoman at Correct the Record , a pro-Clinton political group , e-mailed the following response to Harpootlian 's comments :
“ Secretary Clinton 's use of her personal email address was consistent with precedent set by her predecessors at the State Department , and at the State Department 's request , she furnished 55,000 pages of emails to be archived months ago . While some toxic individuals would like to keep this in the headlines , the truth is there 's nothing to it , no matter how much these people would like to keep the Benghazi hoax alive . ”
Two studies released today detail Zika-related ear and eye problems while the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and World Health Organization ( WHO ) updated their weekly Zika numbers .
Acute hearing loss , eye inflammation
In a new study published in Clinical Infectious Diseases , Brazilian researchers detailed three cases of acute , transient hearing loss in adults who were infected with Zika virus . All patients were admitted to an ear , nose , and throat emergency department in the summer of 2015 . One patient had laboratory-confirmed Zika , and the other two were probably infected with the flavivirus .
These are the first cases of acute hearing losses described during the current epidemic that began in Brazil .
The first patient was a 23-year-old man who was admitted to the hospital for hearing loss 2 weeks after suffering a fever , itching , and joint pain . The hearing loss lasted 4 days , and audiometry testing showed mild loss in the right ear . Blood tests confirmed Zika virus antibodies .
A 54-year-old woman also presented with moderate bilateral hearing loss 3 days after experiencing itching , dizziness , myalgia , and headache . Within 1 month her hearing issues were resolved , and lab tests showed she had both Zika and dengue antibodies .
The final patient was 58-year-old woman who had intense hearing loss and tinnitus for 2 days . Two weeks prior to hearing loss , she experienced itching , myalgia , dizziness , and headache . Her hearing returned after 3 weeks , and she had both dengue and Zika antibodies in her serum .
`` This report of three cases indicates that transient hearing impairment may be a specific manifestation of acute ZIKAV disease , '' the authors concluded . '' A subsequent case-control study would be necessary to demonstrate this causal relationship and elucidate the mechanisms leading to auditory dysfunction in this setting . ''
Another study , published today in The Lancet , described a case of bilateral posterior uveitis , or eye tissue inflammation , in a 26-year-old American man who was infected with Zika after traveling to Puerto Rico .
Two weeks after being diagnosed as having Zika virus with moderate symptoms , including red eyes , the man complained of seeing photopsias , or flashes of light . An eye exam showed mild ocular lesions , with symptoms resolving within 3 weeks .
The authors say this is the first description of Zika-related bilaterial posterior uveitis and acquired chorioretinal lesions .
Nicaragua reports first microcephaly cases
In its weekly Zika situation report , the WHO said that Nicaragua has reported two cases of microcephaly , the first in that country . No new countries are reporting Zika transmission or Guillain-Barre syndrome .
To date , 58 countries have reported Zika transmission since 2015 , with 29 reporting microcephaly or other congenital malformation associated with Zika infection in pregnancy . Microcephaly , a small brain and head , is the most serious complication of Zika infection .
The CDC also updated their Zika numbers today . In the US , there are 1,172 pregnant women with Zika , and 2,639 pregnant women in US territories ( mostly Puerto Rico ) . Thirty-two babies have been born in the United States with birth defects related to fetal Zika exposure .
According to the CDC , there are 185 locally acquired Zika cases in the United States , and 4,389 travel-related as of Dec 7 . Thirteen of those cases have been sexually transmitted .
Urine testing useful for diagnosis
Finally today , a report in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology points to the usefulness of urine testing when diagnosing Zika virus . Researchers looked at the first 80 patients tested for Zika virus in New York state in January of 2016 .
Health officials collected serum and urine within 4 weeks of symptom onset or 6 weeks of travel , and samples were tested with real-time RT-PCR assays targeting the Zika virus envelope and NS2B genes . Of the 80 infected patients , 74 ( 93 % ) would have been resulted as `` not detected '' if urine analysis was n't completed , as average viral loads were much higher in urine than serum .
These results should reduce reliance on expensive serum testing kits , the authors said .
See also :
Dec 9 Clin Infect Dis study
Dec 9 Lancet study
Dec 8 WHO situation report
Dec 8 CDC update
Dec 9 J Clin Microbiol study
In defiance of the late author 's wishes , three stories have been released following an eBay auction
An anonymous filesharer has gone against the wishes of JD Salinger about the posthumous publication of his works , by leaking a scanned version of three of his short stories online . They include '' The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls '' , thought to be one of the author 's best , and which he directed should not be published before 2060 .
A pdf which appeared to be a scan of a paperback book entitled Three Stories first showed up in an eBay auction . A post on Reddit suggested that a scan of the book was then uploaded to a filesharing site . Notes on Reddit reported that the uploader claimed that the paperback was number six of 25 copies published in London in 1999 .
Ocean Full of Bowling Balls has previously been available to read under supervision at Princeton library . The story concerns the death of Kenneth Caulfield , who developed into the character of Holden 's little brother Allie in The Catcher in the Rye . The terms of its donation to the library stipulated that it should not be published until on January 27 , 2060 , 50 years after Salinger 's death .
The two others stories in the scanned paperback are `` Paula '' and `` Birthday Boy '' , which have only previously been readable at the University of Texas 's Harry Ransom Center . `` Birthday Boy '' , completed in 1946 , is referenced by Salinger in letters as late as 1951 .
Salinger scholar Kenneth Slawenski , author of JD Salinger : A Life , told Buzzfeed that `` they look to be true transcripts of the originals and match my own copies '' .
After publication of The Catcher in the Rye in 1951 Salinger fled New York and the limelight to lead a reclusive life in New Hampshire . Makers of the documentary film Salinger , released in September , have claimed that he was writing during this time and that he left instructions to his estate to publish five new books between 2015 and 2020 , including A Counterintelligence Agent 's Diary , based on the writer 's experience interrogating prisoners during the final months of the second world war , and an unseen collection of short stories , The Complete Chronicle of the Glass Family .
The record of the eBay auction , now closed , showed that the winning bid was for £67.50 .
He is a former Baltimore mayor and two-term Maryland governor who now works as a professor of government at Johns Hopkins University . Martin O'Malley is known for his sweeping gun control push , cap-and-trade carbon emissions policy as well as his state 's flawed Obamacare roll-out and his now controversial get-tough-on-crime approach . Able to do a mean Johnny Cash impression , he was part of the inspiration behind a character on HBO 's “ The Wire. ” Here 's where the Democrat stands on eleven top issues .
Banks and Wall Street : Separate commercial and investment banks . Increase penalties for financial crimes .
In op-eds and speeches , O'Malley argues for increased structural reform of America 's financial system . He supports reinstating Glass-Steagall , a repealed policy dating back to the Great Depression that separated commercial and investment banks . He has also called for more strict oversight of all financial institutions and harsher penalties for those found guilty of wrongdoing .
Budget : Mix spending cuts with tax increases . Restructure pension plans .
Required by Maryland law to pass a balanced budget , as governor , O'Malley tackled a $ 1.7 billion deficit by cutting government funding and raising taxes ( see more in “ Taxes ” section below ) . He also turned to borrowing from the bond market and restructuring the state 's pension program . It is not clear whether O'Malley believes the federal budget must be balanced .
Climate Change : It is real and a “ natural threat. ” Government should regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
O'Malley believes that climate change is real and called it a “ natural threat ” on ABC 'S “ This Week ” in April , distinguishing it from “ man-made ” threats in that interview . In 2007 , while governor , he signed a cap-and-trade program to curb greenhouse emissions and established a statewide Statewide Commission on Climate Change with the goal of an 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 . O'Malley believes hydrofracking should be allowed with strict limits . As governor , O'Malley passed subsidies for wind farms and called for greener waste reduction practices .
Guns : Increase gun control . Ban dozens of assault weapons . Limit size of gun magazines . Require fingerprints to buy a handgun .
The Democrat is a critic of the National Rifle Association and proponent of gun control measures . As governor of the Old Line State , he pushed for and signed sweeping gun control legislation , banning 45 types of assault weapons , limiting magazine clips to ten bullets and requiring anyone purchasing a handgun to enter a fingerprint database .
Immigration : Create a path to citizenship for immigrants in the country illegally . Pass the DREAM Act . Allow undocumented students to pay in-state tuition rates .
O'Malley told the Des Moines Register he supports immigration reform with a path to citizenship for those in the country illegally now . In his interview with ABC 's “ This Week , ” the Democrat advocated for the DREAM Act , which would give legal status to undocumented immigrants brought to America as children . As governor , O'Malley signed a bill allowing undocumented students in Maryland to pay in-state tuition rates at public colleges and universities .
Obamacare and health care : Expand the Affordable Care Act . Move to an “ all-payer ” system .
An Obamacare advocate , O'Malley supported expanding Maryland 's health insurance options before the Affordable Care Act became law . When implementing the new healthcare law during his tenure , Maryland 's online health exchange saw repeated problems . It was overhauled in 2014 . O'Malley supported and approved a unique statewide Medicare waiver , designed to move Maryland hospitals away from a fee-for-service payment method . Considered the nation 's only “ all-payer system , ” the state sets medical costs , capping what hospitals can charge . O'Malley has said he wants to the system to be a model for the nation .
Social issues : Legalize same-sex marriage . Allow access to abortion . Abolish capital punishment .
While governor , O'Malley sponsored the law legalizing gay marriage in Maryland . A practicing Catholic , he argues the stance squares with his faith 's belief in maintaining “ human dignity . ”
O'Malley has described his view on abortion as “ pro choice ” . Aides have said he supported a 1992 Maryland referendum which stated that abortions should be legal , without government restriction , until the time in pregnancy when a fetus can survive outside the womb .
The White House hopeful is opposed to the death penalty , a practice he outlawed in Maryland in 2013 . In one of his last acts as governor , in December 2014 , O'Malley commuted the sentences of Maryland 's four remaining death row inmates .
Taxes and wages : Use tax increases to fund government programs . Raise the minimum wage . Strengthen union bargaining .
While governor , O'Malley advocated the use of tax increases to fund significant budget items . He signed an increase on the state gas tax to fund transportation projects , a boost in the state sales tax from 5 percent to 6 percent and a state income tax change that raised rates for Maryland individuals earning over $ 100,000 or households making over $ 150,000 .
As part of a campaign against income inequality , O'Malley signed a bill raising his state 's minimum wage to $ 10.10 , phased in gradually . He has since indicated that he could support raising wages to $ 15 an hour . In addition , he advocates reforming the overtime pay system , and strengthening collective bargaining .
Trade : Block the Trans-Pacific Partnership .
O'Malley recently criticized the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , an international trade deal backed by the Obama administration and Congressional Republicans , arguing that it would hurt the middle class . He has since expanded on the point , telling NPR he wants increased labor regulations .
Israel and Iran : Continue negotiations with Iran . Work for a two-state solution between Israel and Palestinians .
Speaking on ABC 's “ This Week , ” O'Malley called the potential of Iran acquiring a nuclear weapon one of the world 's greatest man-made threats . He supports ongoing nuclear talks between the Obama administration and Iranian leadership . O'Malley advocates a two-state solution between Israel and Palestinians and has said , as allies , both the United States and Israel need to work to ease the tension between them .
Islamic State and Iraq : No specific stance yet . Congress should set clear parameters for any use of ground troops .
O'Malley has yet to announce a specific policy for how the United States should address the threat from Islamic State and current issues in Iraq . In February , he posted a short statement to Facebook saying that any plan should explicitly define its timeframe and that Congress should pass an Authorization for the Use of Military Force that clarifies the parameters for use of ground troops .
LOS ANGELES -- Rochester Amerks forward and Williamsville native Justin Bailey and Syracuse Crunch forward/former Sabre Cory Conacher , the ex-Canisius College star , were named as roster additions to the AHL All-Star Game on Sunday .
The game is Monday night in Allentown , Pa. , and will be played as a 3-on-3 tournament , similar to what the NHL is doing Sunday in Staples Center .
Bailey will be joining Rochester teammates Linus Ullmark and Cole Schneider , the St. Joe 's product in the game . All three have seen time with the Sabres this season , although Ullmark has yet to play in an NHL game .
The honorary captains for the game are former Sabres captain Daniel Briere and current Buffalo assistant coach Terry Murray , a long time former head man in both the AHL and the NHL .
Bailey has 18 goals and 10 assists in 38 games for the Amerks this season , recently completing a streak of goals in seven straight games . He has one goal for the Sabres in nine games , with the tally Jan. 2 in Madison Square Garden representing his first NHL goal in 17 games over two years .
Conacher has seven goals and 32 points in 34 games for Syracuse . He has one goal and one assist in seven games for Tampa Bay . He spent last season in Switzerland .
New Screenshots and Info of Lord of Apocalypse Showcase the City of Karyoport
Giuseppe Nelva October 16 , 2011 11:15:44 AM EST
Square Enix released today a batch of new information , artwork and screenshots about the upcoming PSP and PS Vita JRPG Lord of Apocalypse .
The screenshots showcase the city of Karyoport , that acts as a base of operation for the main characters , and the people that live in it .
The city will have several facilities to support the adventurers of the player : The Slayers Guild will be the perfect place to receive sidequests and level up . The Alchemy Shop is a place where to buy materials and where to craft items and potion . The Item Shop is quite self explanatory , as it will allow the player to purchase several different items to aid him in his adventures .
The city will also feature several NPCs that will provide information and quests .
The screenshots also show a few battle scenes . Square Enix specified that enemies will be fought seamlessly on the field , without loading screens or scene changes before battles .
You can see the full gallery of screrenshots beyond the cut :
Before the first protesters had even arrived at the annual general meeting of Imperial Metals , RCMP cruisers were already pulling up behind the Metro Vancouver hotel where the mining company 's investors were set to convene .
That meant that within a minute or two of security guards calling police Thursday morning , several Mounties were confronting a few dozen Indigenous activists and their supporters inside a conference room at the Executive Plaza Hotel in Coquitlam .
RCMP arresting drummer at Imperial Metals AGM . She was sitting in front of hotel door pic.twitter.com/flZO6eit8r — Bethany Lindsay ( @ bethanylindsay ) May 25 , 2017
The protesters had stormed the space where the Imperial Metals ' investors were meeting , unveiled a banner depicting the aftermath of the Mount Polley dam collapse disaster in central B.C. , and informed those present that Imperials Metals was not welcome on Secwepemc Nation territory .
“ We want them out of Yuct Ne Senxiymetkwe and the deepest glacier-fed lake in the world , which is being contaminated right now by the hands of Imperial Metals , ” organizer Kanahus Manuel of the Secwepemc Women Warriors said in an interview later in the day .
Secwepemc Women Warriors ' Kanahus Manuel taken out by police at the Executive Plaza Hotel in Coquitlam , B.C. , where investors attended Imperial Metals ' annual AGM on May 25 , 2017 . Photo by Bethany Lindsay .
“ We were able to get right up into Imperial Metals . We got into a boardroom and we got to face off with Steve Robertson ( a vice president at Imperial ) and Brian Kynoch , the president of Imperial Metals , to show them that there will continue to be conflict and confrontation if they do n't recognize our title . ”
The 2014 tailings dam collapse at the Mount Polley copper and gold mine in central B.C . is considered to be the greatest mining disaster in Canadian history . An estimated 24 million cubic metres of waste were spilled into Quesnel Lake , but no fines were imposed on Imperial Metals and no charges were recommended .
Then , just last month , the B.C . government approved a permit for the company to discharge wastewater into the lake .
“ Right now we really need to show investors around the world that it 's a very risky investment to invest in , ” Manuel said .
The rowdy demonstration saw one activist arrested and another four — including Manuel — forcibly escorted or even carried out of the hotel by police officers .
The activists were allowed to remain inside the hotel for a short time while police and security barred the entrance to the conference room . Protesters heckled the officers , asking why they were protecting a private company .
Police drag out a protester at the Executive Plaza Hotel in Coquitlam , B.C. , where investors attended Imperial Metals ' annual AGM on May 25 , 2017 . Photo by Bethany Lindsay .
One shouted : “ Your children and your grandchildren are going to ask you what you were doing to leave them something . What are you going to say ? ‘ Sorry , I was actually defending the mining companies that were polluting everything ? ' ”
Once the protest was pushed outside , a line of police officers blocked the front entrance . That 's when RCMP says a woman carrying a hand drum tried to force her way back into the hotel . She was tackled to the ground by multiple officers and arrested as she struggled to break free .
“ One protester tried to get through our police line and assaulted some police officers and as a result was arrested , ” RCMP spokesman Cpl . Michael McLaughlin said , adding that charges of assault and property damage are being considered .
At the height of the police presence , at least 14 uniformed officers were on scene at the entrance to the hotel . More appeared to be on standby at a nearby SkyTrain station .
McLaughlin said he could n't reveal exactly how many Mounties had been called to attend , but added that both uniformed and plainclothes officers were on site .
“ We 've been aware that there was going to be a business meeting and there was a planned protest for quite some time , ” McLaughlin said . “ We had no intention of intervening unless public safety was at risk or property was possibly going to be damaged . ”
He alleged that police were only called after hotel property was damaged .
Outside the hotel , Leonard John of the Ahousaht First Nation on Vancouver Island said that he was there as a protector of the land , not as a protester .
“ I 'm backing up what our chief told Imperial Metals : They are no longer welcome in our territory and they can push all they want — when push comes to shove , our warriors will be there , ” he said .
Most of the protesters said they doubted they 'd be able to convince investors to divest of their shares in Imperial Metals , but they still held out hope that change was possible .
Kajan Johnson , a UFC fighter who attended the protest , said he understood the thinking of the mining executives and their investors .
“ I used to think like that at one time . I used to be doing things and profiting off the suffering of others , ” he said . “ I learned about how those actions are going to harm the rest of the world and I held myself accountable and now I do everything I can to stop this kind of practices . That 's all we can do as humans is learn and be better . ”
Representatives of Imperial Metals did not respond to a request for comment on the protest before publication .
The First Strike map pack is now available for all three formats : Xbox 360 ( Xbox LIVE ) , PlayStation 3 ( PSN ) and PC ( Steam ) . It costs 1200 MS Points / $ 15 .
The First Strike includes four new multiplayer maps and one new zombie map :
Berlin Wall
A medium-large map set around Check-Point Charlie in Berlin during the Cold War . There are automatic turrets that fire anyone that dares to go near them . This multiplayer map is ideal for snipers and campers .
Discovery
Takes place in an abandoned German outpost set along the coast of Antarctica . The map has close-range and long-range firefights .
Kowloon
The map is located in the city of Kowloon , Hong Kong ; the map is suited for all types of combat . There are two zip-lines in the map that can be used to travel from one side to the other .
Stadium
Takes place in a sports complex called Chance Stadium . Killstreaks are not completely usable on this map , but in the Ghosts remake , it 's safe to say that many of the cod : ghosts kill streaks can be used due to the next-gen engine . The map delivers fast-paced , close-quarters combat with light cover everywhere .
Ascension
The map is located in an abandoned Soviet Cosmodrome , where players will fight against hoards of vicious , perk-stealing zombie monkeys , flesh-eating Soviet zombies and more ! The objective is to survive for as long as possible against limitless waves of zombies .
US corporate giants including Apple , Google , Microsoft , Berkshire Hathaway and Goldman Sachs are looking to invest at least $ 140bn ( £90.2bn , €127.4bn ) to shrink their carbon footprints , according to media reports .
Executives from 13 major US corporations are due to announce the investment at the White House on 27 July , in the presence of Secretary of State John Kerry and top administration officials .
Other companies on the list are Bank of America , General Motors , Cargill , Alcoa , Wal-Mart Stores , United Parcel Service , Coca-Cola and PepsiCo .
The development was first reported by the Wall Street Journal .
The committed funds will be utilised to cut emissions , provide financing to environmentally-focused companies , reduce water consumption , and produce 1,600 megawatts of new , renewable energy , which is enough to power nearly 1.3 million homes .
The announcement comes as part of the Obama administration 's efforts to bolster private commitments to climate change , ahead of a summit in Paris later in 2015 . The White House expects to announce a second round of similar pledges later from more companies , Bloomberg reported .
`` As the world looks toward global climate negotiations in Paris this December , American leadership at all levels will be essential , '' the White House said in a fact sheet .
Later this week , the US Environmental Protection Agency is expected to announce final regulations that aim to reduce carbon emissions from American power plants by 30 % over 2005 levels by 2030 .
Power plants are the largest single source of carbon pollution in the US , accounting for about one third of all domestic greenhouse gas emissions . The Clean Power Plan will set standards for carbon pollution from power plants , just as we have set limits on power plant emissions of harmful elements .
