This should settle the debate , but it probably wo n't .
The St. Paul city attorney says the seats in the First National Bank building are public , not private property , the Pioneer Press reports today .
That much should be obvious , given that nearly nine months after an African American man got in trouble for sitting in them , there still is no sign saying it 's private property .
Chris Lollie was rousted by the police after he refused a security guard 's order to move , believing the space was for the public . Police arrested him after he refused to give his name .
“ Our job is not to second-guess the decision that officers on the streets make to maintain order and protect the public , ” Sarah Grewing said . “ Our job as prosecutors is to determine whether those elements of a crime are present to prove to a jury , and we just did n't have that here . ”
Someone should tell that to the management of the building .
Before the case was dismissed , ( defense attorney Luke ) Rezac went to examine the area where Lollie had been sitting . He saw no signs calling it private and neither did a Pioneer Press reporter who looked Wednesday . A sign at the building 's lower-level entrance says , “ No loitering. ” Rezac told security guards he was going to take pictures in the area . They told him it was a private area and that he could not . A building manager said he would need a court order to do so , he said . A Pioneer Press photographer taking pictures in the area Wednesday said a security guard stopped him , told him the bank was a private building and said he could n't photograph in the skyway .
The charges have been dropped but the story is growing online as more national outlets pick it up .
Lollie , meanwhile , has told his story on a podcast called Filter Free Amerika .
Illinois became the latest state to criminalize `` revenge porn , '' crafting what its creators hope will become a model for federal legislation .
Gov . Pat Quinn on Monday signed a measure making the `` non-consensual dissemination of private sexual images '' a felony offense in Illinois . The new `` revenge porn '' law -- so called because the intimate photos and videos are commonly distributed by a former ( and often embittered ) romantic partner -- goes into effect June 1 , 2015 , and will punish offenders with one to three years in prison and up to a $ 25,000 fine .
“ We believe [ revenge porn ] is a form of sexual assault , '' State Representative Scott Drury ( D-Highwood ) , one of the bill 's co-sponsors , told The Huffington Post . `` The harm to the victim and the way they react to it is very similar : They 're not comfortable going out in public anymore ; they fear being assaulted ; they could be stalked . You could be someone working at Burger King , and now you 're a sex object . ”
Carrie Goldberg -- a board member of the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative , which aided in the creation of the Illinois law -- said the measure should be viewed as model legislation for three key reasons : It targets not just ex-paramours , but also random hackers who are n't necessarily bent on revenge as much as creating chaos ; it forces offenders to forfeit any profit they make from the images ; and it actually imposes stiff penalties on offenders .
“ The lawmakers are not just paying lip service here , '' said Goldberg , who is also a New York-based lawyer specializing in victims ' rights cases . “ There are actual serious consequences attached . ''
`` What will actually deter the conduct ? That was the critical focus when we put the law together , '' Drury said . `` That 's what we wanted to stop . Because once that image is out there , it 's hard to get it back . ”
`` We had some written testimony from people who had lost their jobs , or had their places of work or home address posted [ on revenge porn sites ] , '' said Drury , outlining the fallout suffered by revenge porn victims , 90 percent of whom are women .
Drury said that even in California and New Jersey , which have their own revenge porn laws on the books , state measures do n't go far enough to protect victims .
Under Illinois ' law , though , an image does n't necessarily have to be spread via the Internet to qualify as an offense .
`` These offenses are not just on the Internet , '' Drury said . `` People can take a picture and put it on everyone 's car in the train station or mall parking lot . ''
Drury also said Illinois ' new law makes prosecuting revenge porn easier because it does n't require proof of an intent to cause harm .
While some detractors pushed back against earlier versions of the bill for First Amendment reasons , Drury said one of the biggest challenges was getting both constituents and fellow lawmakers to see disseminating revenge porn as a crime -- even if the subject voluntarily gave the image to the offender .
“ Maybe the women consented to the conduct , but they did n't consent to this being put on the Internet , ” Drury said . `` They 're not taking that consent back -- they never gave it to begin with . ''
`` It 's like a credit card , '' he added . `` When I go to a department store and give them my credit card , I 'm not consenting for them to keep my credit card number and put it on the Internet . It was hard to convince people they 're the same thing . ”
Goldberg said the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative is currently working with Congresswoman Jackie Speier ( D-Calif. ) to craft a federal revenge porn bill .
Drury told HuffPost that enacting a revenge porn law at the federal level is `` a serious women 's rights and women 's protection issue . ''
The Goldarmor raising his Shield was a last second addition , right after I played through this bit again to get more references for the overall composition . The font of the HUD is basically as MMX-ish as can be without just being the MMX font itself .
Fun fact : This is probably my first time working with tiles to make a floor .
Shovel Knight © Yacht Club Games
Sprites by
Invisishades since you ca n't really kill them.The Goldarmor raising his Shield was a last second addition , right after I played through this bit again to get more references for the overall composition . The font of the HUD is basically as MMX-ish as can be without just being the MMX font itself.Fun fact : This is probably my first time working with tiles to make a floor.Shovel Knight © Yacht Club GamesSprites by
In other news : More Shovel Knight stuff ! What can I say ? I just love this game , so I decided to do a SNES looking mock-up , albeit at the aspect ratio of the original game.The blue mist probably took the longest overall , I just could n't get it to look right for days and did a lot of other sprites before finally settling on this . A lot of fun was had working on all the enemies , I just had to include the Propeller Rats , and felt obliged to add the
MANILA , Philippines - Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile castigated the defense team of Chief Justice Renato Corona after the chief magistrate walked out of the courtoom .
`` Wag naman po kami babastusin . Hindi ko papayagan na babastusin ang husgado na ito ng maski sinuman , '' he said .
Enrile said that as chief justice , Corona should know proper decorum in a courtroom .
He took exception to Corona 's statement that he wanted to be excused from the trial because he is he chief justice . `` The fact is - he said ' I am the chief justice and I want to be excused . ' ''
He said if Corona does not want to be cross-examined , he will move to strike out Corona 's statement from the record .
`` We did not volunteer to be judges here . We are here by virtue of the mandate of the Filipino people . I will tell you , Mr . Counsel , I have high respect for the Chief Justice . I have high respect for the institution that he represents but I equally demand respect for the instituion that I represent and I am not going to allow any slight , any abuse of authority against this court for as long as I am the presiding officer , '' he said .
`` If you are not going to allow your client or he will not allow himself to be cross-examined , we will decide on this case on the basis of the evidence on record , '' he added .
Lead defense counsel Serafin Cuevas apologized to the court for any slight but asked that Corona be allowed to be excused because he has hypoglycemia .
Enrile said Corona has until tomorrow to return to the trial so he could take the witness stand again . He said he will not allow any more extension for Corona to testify in the trial .
`` If he will not return , we will consider this submitted for resolution , '' he said .
ANC Chief Justice on Trial , May 22 , 2012
The new Seagate Expansion is a fast and affordable drive that will comfortably fit into your purse or pocket . At just $ 90 ( £61 and AU $ 118 , converted ) for the top capacity 2TB drive , it 's an easy recommendation for anyone who needs extra storage to carry on the go . If you can settle with less storage space , the drive is also available in 1TB and 500GB versions at $ 60 and $ 54 , respectively ( converted , about £40 or AU $ 77 for the 1TB and £36 or AU $ 69 for the 500GB ) .
( Note that there 's also a legacy version of the Seagate Expansion that costs $ 85 for 2TB . Other than the slightly different looks and costs , the two versions of the drive are essentially the same . )
This frills-free storage device comes with no added value , however , as there 's no backup software or encryption support . It also carries a short warranty of just 1 year .
But if large storage space and fast performance are what you need , the Seagate Expansion is an excellent way to add more storage to your laptop . And thanks to the straightforward design , the drive is especially good for a non-computer host , such as a game console or media player . For more options , including those with more features , check out our list of top portable drives on the market .
Josh Miller/CNET
Simple design
You can call the Seagate Expansion a typical portable drive . Measuring 4.8 inches by 3.2 inches by 0.6 inch ( 12.2 by 8.1 by 1.52cm ) , it 's as big as you 'd imagine a squarish plastic box holding a standard 2.5-inch hard drive on the inside would be . Basically , it 's small enough to be easily tucked in inside a purse or your back pocket .
The Expansion 's internal storage is a low-power drive that spins at just 5,400 rotations per minute , and not at 7,200rpm . The slow spin speed generally translates into slower performance ( not in this case though ; more on that later ) but at the same time also means lower power consumption .
The Expansion ships in a spartan retail package that includes the drive itself and a foot-long standard Micro-USB 3.0 cable . But that 's all you need to get up and running . Like all portable drives , the Expansion is bus-powered , requiring just one cable for both data and power .
Out of the box , the Expansion is preformatted in the NTFS file system so it works right a way with a Windows computer . You can also easily reformat it into HFS+ in order to work with a Mac , a process that takes just a few seconds . In fact , I generally find that buying a drive like this is a much cheaper way to get storage for your Mac than buying a Mac-designated drive , which are generally much more expensive .
If you want to use the Seagate Expansion interchangeably in a mixed Windows and Mac environment , you can also format it using the exFAT file system . Apart from computers , the drive will also work with other popular hosts , such as game consoles or media players . Just make sure you first format it into the supported file system . I tried it with the Xbox One and it worked very well . The drive was recognized quickly and I could use it to save games and apps , as well as to store media for playback .
In recent months we started seeing alarming new figures : Bebloh started steadily climbing up the statistics ladder and secured a place for itself among the top three banking Trojans in November . Recently , the malware was distributed as an email attachment , as spam containing fake flight information . Taken everything into consideration , this was more than reason enough to look into what was going on .
An initial comparison between a newer example and the familiar version shows that Bebloh has clearly undergone an update . Only about 75 % of the functions in the two versions are the same . Almost 4.5 % of the functions in the old version have been deleted or replaced . 20.9 % of the functions are exclusively found in the new version . The functional scope has therefore been significantly enhanced .
The interesting innovation in this variant concerns the persistence , or the issue of : how does the malware survive a restart ?
As soon as the system is infected by Bebloh , the malware is injected into explorer.exe and the original executable file that contains Bebloh is deleted . In principle this is a perfectly normal procedure for concealing the malware 's entry point into the system . However , what is interesting is the fact that the malware is not then moved to another folder and no autostart entry is generated . The malware is no longer found on the hard disk . Therefore , a conventional signature-based virus scanner would fail to find any infection by scanning the hard disk . As the malware is running hidden in the explorer.exe memory , not even a malicious process is detected . However , to survive a system restart , Bebloh uses an interesting trick .
An invisible window is generated from the explorer.exe process to receive the “ Window Messages ” , a specific message type generated by Windows .
This means that windows concerning an impending computer shutdown are also issued by Windows .
As soon as Bebloh receives such a message , the malware writes its executable file out of the explorer.exe memory to the hard disk , and an autostart pointing to the executable is generated . Hence throughout the time the system is running , there is virtually no visible clue in the registry or on the hard disk that suggests an infection .
'He reached both his hands out and scratched my face , trying to grab me and pull me out so that he could beat me up , too ! ' says the actress , recounting her experience
Published 1:41 PM , May 22 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – On social media , actress Coleen Garcia shared that she was involved in an encounter with a supposed ex-cop , who threatened her and her driver while she was heading home from work .
In a Sunday , May 21 Facebook post , Coleen said that she and her driver were on their way to her house from BGC when the incident happened .
`` He [ the ex-cop ] stopped right in front of our car , so my driver stopped right away at nadikitan namin siya ( and our car lightly hit his ) . ( No damages at all by the way , we barely even touched his car . ) And then the man came down , started shouting at my driver , saying , `` Pulis ako ! ! ! ( I 'm a cop ! ! ! ) '' and he started tackling him , in spite of my driver being completely calm and polite to him ! So I tried to intervene , '' Coleen said .
But Coleen was surprised when he attacked her as well .
`` I opened the van 's door and asked the man what his problem was and he literally attacked me and scratched my face . As in he reached both his hands out and scratched my face , trying to grab me and pull me out so that he could beat me up , too ! With absolutely no hesitation ! ''
Coleen said that she was able to close the door immediately but that the attacker continued to threaten her and her driver . He also pulled out an item from his bag , which she said looked like a flashlight .
What saddened and frustrated her , she wrote , was that the police were there and saw what happened . All they did was ask her if she wanted to iron things out at the police station .
Coleen said : `` Guys , seryoso , sawa na ako sa ( seriously , I 'm tired of the ) police station . Please lang . So I opted to drop it instead , but not after taking photos of his plate number and his ID . Watch out for this man . He is literally insane , and apparently he 's an ex-cop , which ( in the Philippines ) , pretty much means he can get away with anything he wants . I mean , it 's not like anyone 's gon na stop him anyway . I would know . ''
In 2016 , Coleen was treated inappropriately while on a trip to Hong Kong , and she and her boyfriend Billy Crawford spoke to Hong Kong police after .
Coleen posted the plate number and ID of the alleged ex-cop . She added that after her incident , the driver once again hit another car and also screamed at that car 's driver .
– Rappler.com
Japan and Taiwan : Diplomacy Without Diplomats
An invitation from a friend introduces Hitoto Tae , the daughter of a Taiwanese father and a Japanese mother , to men from Taiwan who served as child workers in Japan 's wartime armament factories .
Invitation to a Reunion
In April this year I received a fax from a Taiwanese friend named Ran inviting me to an event to be held in May by a group called the Taiwan Kōza Kai ( “ Taiwan Kōza Club ” ) . Ran said a lot of people would be attending from Taiwan . Judging from the name I thought it must be some sort of rakugo event , so I replied by e-mail that I was not really interested in traditional Japanese storytelling . Ran told me that the Taiwan Kōza Kai is a group made up of Taiwanese men who were sent to Japan as child workers to help build warplanes during World War II . This would be one of their periodic reunions .
Kōza is the name of an administrative district in Japan 's Kanagawa Prefecture . Although now much smaller , Kōza once covered an area that included the present-day cities of Sagamihara and Yamato , as well as Zama , where the reunion was to be held . The old Kōza district was home to many industrial facilities that played their part in the war effort conducted by the old Imperial Army and Navy . I arranged to accompany Ran to the reunion and decided I should find out a few things about the Taiwanese boy workers .
Summoning Boys to Build Warplanes
As the war was nearing an end , with most young Japanese men serving in battle zones overseas , Japan was left without a domestic labor force to build and outfit new aircraft for the war effort . It therefore recruited boys from Taiwan , which was then under Japanese control , to serve as laborers . The requirements were academic excellence , good health , strong moral fiber , and parental consent . For qualified recruits , it was an opportunity to earn the equivalent of a junior high school diploma and embark on the path to becoming an airplane mechanic . Not only that , the Japanese government covered all living expenses and even paid a salary . In light of these incentives , the recruiting effort was highly successful .
In 1943 the first contingent of child laborers , comprising about 1,800 boys around the age of 14 , left Taiwan via the port of Kaohsiung and sailed to Yokohama . Over the next year or so 8,400 boys from Taiwan arrived at the Kōza Naval Arsenal .
The Taiwan Kōza Kai was organized in 1988 , the year after martial law was finally lifted in Taiwan ; it was later renamed the Taiwan Kōza Taiwan-Japan Exchange Association . Former Taiwanese child laborers were invited to Japan in 1993 to observe the fiftieth anniversary of their experience and again for the sixtieth anniversary in 2003 . On May 9 , 2013 , a reunion was held to observe the seventieth anniversary .
Toil without the Tragedy
When the time came we rode the Odakyū Enoshima railway line to Minami-Rinkan Station . A crowd of former boy workers had gathered in front of the station by the time we arrived . I was unprepared for their boisterous enthusiasm . Although elderly , they seemed remarkably robust , as we all clambered aboard the shuttle buses that would take us to the reunion venue . There was quite a din inside the bus , too , amid all the quips being traded in fluent Japanese . The odd bit of wayward grammar was heard here and there , along with occasional admixtures of Taiwanese words .
Some of the men had come alone ; others were accompanied by their children and grandchildren . Some were deep in conversation with old friends they had n't seen for many years . They spoke of those hard days long ago .
“ I left home in Taiwan , where the weather is so mild , with such high hopes . I was amazed at how cold it was in Japan . ”
“ There was nothing to eat , so we went hungry . ”
“ I was nearly killed in an air raid . ”
All this was said without the slightest hint of tragedy . On the contrary , the atmosphere was of lighthearted chitchat . It was n't what I 'd been expecting at all .
Inside the hall the attendees were greeted by their Japanese hosts : “ Welcome home. ” Thunderous applause followed . A letter of appreciation from former Prime Minister Mori Yoshirō was read , and finally Lee Hsueh-feng , head of the Taiwan Kōza Taiwan-Japan Exchange Association , addressed the crowd .
Serving a Nation Not Their Own
Lee Hsueh-feng recalled how , upon returning home following the Japanese defeat , he went on with his life while the Nationalist Party , to which he felt little attachment , assumed control of the Taiwanese government . In 1988 , as Taiwan finally emerged from Nationalist rule , he devoted himself to establishing the Taiwan Kōza Kai . He spoke with pride of the reunion in 1993 , when former Taiwanese boy laborers returned to Japan to mark the fiftieth anniversary of their initial stay , and concluded by saying “ Japan is our second homeland. ” This spring the Japanese government honored Lee Hsueh-feng with a decoration known as the Order of the Rising Sun , Gold Rays with Rosette .
During a break I had a chance to speak with one of the former boy workers . He told me that , although working in a foreign land amid the cold and hunger was certainly hard for him , the Japanese people seemed to take it all in their stride . People in Kōza shared what food they had and treated him like part of the family . “ I spent the golden days of my youth in Japan , so it 's a very special place for me , ” he said .
These former boy workers from Taiwan seemed to be born-again Japanese , proud of their service to their adopted homeland . They had caught the Japanese spirit , and even after the war , when they reverted to their original nationality , they held onto that pride and those beliefs . They have never forgotten the kindness they were shown , and they still cherish their bond with Japan .
The Inner Japan
During the period when Taiwan was under Japanese rule , from 1895 to 1945 , Japanese culture was imported and the Japanese language was taught in schools . This is the essential historical background for any discussion of the relationship between the two countries . The former boy laborers , whose average age is 85 , experienced this period firsthand .
My father is Taiwanese . Born in 1928 , he lived through this period as well . I wrote about his life in a book called Watashi no shanzu ( My Box ) ; a translation was published in Taiwan in March this year . In writing about my father , I learned about the relationship between Taiwan and Japan , which had never interested me before . For the first time , I thought about the conundrum that must have haunted my father in those turbulent times—the question of identity . Was he Taiwanese or Japanese ?
He continued to struggle with this question after the war , so much that he was unable to concentrate on work and succumbed to depression . It was as though I could see the face of my father , torn between two homelands , overlaid upon those of the former boy workers . Each may have his own different feelings toward it , but each of them has his own inner Japan whose existence can not be denied .
Like Sisters , For More Than a Century
In Japan Taiwan is known mainly for its strenuous form of therapeutic massage and its delicious steamed buns , known in Japanese as shōronbō . Beyond that , however , all most people seem to know about Taiwan is that it is relatively pro-Japanese . After the Great East Japan Earthquake , when people learned that Taiwan was one of the top overseas donors of relief funding , many were amazed . I was one of them .
At the time , Taiwan 's generosity was merely seen as a byproduct of the fact that Taiwan tends to be pro-Japanese , which is a pity . Behind that gesture is a long history , not to mention the existence of a group like the Taiwan Kōza Kai . That history includes terrible times and cruel suffering , but with the passage of time people have absorbed and digested such things . That process , I 've realized , has brought us to the present day .
It may be because I myself am the older of two sisters , but I think of the relationship between Japan and Taiwan , which goes back more than a century , as a bond between sisters . In the immediate aftermath of the March 11 disaster Taiwan assumed the big-sister role , virtually leading the world in providing relief to its stricken little sister , Japan . Back in 1999 , when Taiwan was reeling from the impact of a major earthquake , it was Japan , the first country to send in rescue teams , who played the big sister .
Taiwan is sometimes the big sister , sometimes the little sister . As sisters do , Taiwan and Japan help each other out but also quarrel from time to time . But there is never any real estrangement . Whatever happens , they eventually end up on good terms with one another again .
Legacy of the Boy Workers
“ Thousands of miles from home , ” goes the song sung at this year 's Taiwan Kōza Kai reunion . Including the Japanese people in attendance , nearly 1,000 people had gathered for the event , and none sang more fervently than the former boy laborers from Taiwan . My friend Ran sang with tears in his eyes .
About 1,400 former boy laborers returned to Japan from Taiwan in 1993 for the fiftieth-anniversary reunion ; 740 came back for the sixtieth anniversary . Only 250 were in attendance at this year 's event , and it is not hard to understand the declining numbers . By the time the eightieth anniversary is commemorated in 2023 , the average age of the former boy laborers will be 95 . No one knows how many will be able to attend that one . “ The sad thing , ” I heard someone say , “ is that this could be our last reunion . ”
I hope not . I hope the Taiwan Kōza Kai will go on down to the very last survivor , and even after none of the former boy workers are left , so that their dreams and determination can be handed down to the rest of us . Their lives should always be remembered as a symbol of the bond between Japan and Taiwan . I will do what I can to make it so .
( Originally written in Japanese on May 17 , 2013 . )
Top photograph : The author visits the town of Jiufen in northern Taiwan . ( Photograph by Kumagai Toshiyuki . )
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Facebook 's $ 1 billion bid to buy the Silicon Valley map darling Waze has reportedly fallen through , and COO Sheryl Sandberg insisted on Wednesday that Facebook is n't getting into proprietary Facebook mapping software . So how can the social network get in on the startup world 's high-stakes space of the moment now that the perfect buy has vanished ?
`` It would be great if we could build an awesome map , '' Sandberg told Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg at All Things D 's D11 conference this morning . `` But we 're not going to do that . '' As too many tech companies learned by way of Apple 's fumble late last year , making your own map app from scratch is a more difficult endeavor than Google ever made it look , so that 's out . But Sandberg did n't deny that Facebook needs to double down on the location-based game : `` We have to prioritize ruthlessly , '' she said , suggesting that Facebook might be looking for another mapping technology to scoop up . Here are a few options , all of which would be cheaper than Waze — and some of which might take the social network in a very promising new direction .
In a huge victory for privacy and the rule of law , a federal appeals court today reinstated our landmark lawsuit challenging the FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) , a statute that gives the executive branch virtually unchecked power to collect Americans ' international e-mails and telephone calls .
The ACLU filed the lawsuit on behalf of a broad coalition of attorneys and human rights , labor , legal and media organizations whose work requires them to engage in sensitive and sometimes privileged telephone and e-mail communications with colleagues , clients , journalistic sources , witnesses , experts , foreign government officials and victims of human rights abuses located outside the United States .
A federal district court dismissed the case in August 2009 , ruling that the plaintiffs did not have the right to challenge the new surveillance law because they could not prove that their own communications had been monitored under it .
But with the support of law professors , the NYC Bar Association , the Reporters ' Committee for Freedom of the Press and many others , we appealed that decision to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals .
Today , the appeals court reversed the lower court decision , finding that the plaintiffs have standing to challenge the law even though they can not show to a certainty that the government is acquiring their communications . According to today 's ruling , `` the FAA has put the plaintiffs in a lose-lose situation : either they can continue to communicate sensitive information electronically and bear a substantial risk of being monitored under a statute they allege to be unconstitutional , or they can incur financial and professional costs to avoid being monitored . Either way , the FAA directly affects them . ''
In a statement today , ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer said :
The government 's surveillance practices should not be immune from judicial review , and this decision ensures that they wo n't be . The law we 've challenged permits the government to conduct dragnet surveillance of Americans ' international communications , and it has none of the safeguards that the Constitution requires . Now that the appeals court has recognized that our clients have the right to challenge the law , we look forward to pressing that challenge in the trial court .
Learn more about the surveillance : Subscribe to our newsletter , follow us on Twitter , and like us on Facebook .
Car production drops by HALF in just one month while manufacturers report the bleakest trading outlook in 28 years
Fears for thousands of motor industry jobs escalated yesterday as figures revealed UK car production has halved .
The number of cars made last December fell 47.5 per cent compared with the same time 12 months ago , while commercial vehicle ( CV ) production was down 56.7 per cent .
The huge falls last month meant that car production for the whole of 2008 was 5.7per cent down on 2007 , with CV production falling 5.9 per cent .
The figures come as manufacturers reported their bleakest trading outlook in 28 years after new figures showed a sharp drop in demand over the last three months .
Car and commercial vehicle production slumped by nearly half last month , but industry chiefs insist Britain 's vehicle production industry remains competitive . File photo
The latest CBI Industrial Trends survey found a 43 per cent balance of companies - the difference between those reporting an increase and those seeing a decrease - saw orders fall in the last three months , compared with the previous quarter .
Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders chief executive Paul Everitt insisted the UK vehicle production sector remained strong , despite the recent slump in the industry .
'UK vehicle production figures for 2008 demonstrate both the strength of the sector and the very dramatic fall in demand in the last quarter , ' Mr Everitt said .
'UK facilities are globally competitive with high productivity levels . '
He added that exports still accounted for 75 per cent of all UK vehicle production which served more than 100 markets around the world .
'The automotive industry is of strategic economic and social importance , reflected in the measures to support the industry being discussed by governments across Europe and around the world , ' he said .
'The SMMT has been in close discussion with the UK Government on the urgent need to improve access to credit and kick-start demand in the market , in order to sustain valuable industrial capability during this exceptionally difficult period . '
Mr Evertitt said the SMMT would be meeting with Business Secretary Lord Mandelson at the end of the month to discuss a raft of issues affecting the industry .
Meanwhile the CBI said prospects for the next quarter appeared even more negative .
Of the 527 firms surveyed , a balance of 64 per cent said they were less optimistic than three months ago , the weakest outlook since July 1980 .
A balance of 38 per cent of companies said they employed fewer people than in the previous three months , the lowest in more than nine years .
CBI 's chief economic adviser Ian McCafferty said : 'The survey shows that manufacturing in Britain , as elsewhere , is being hit hard by the economic downturn .
'Demand for goods in the manufacturing sector has plummeted dramatically in the last three months .
'Sentiment and the outlook for the next three months are also very negative . Most firms expect conditions to get even worse , with further falls in orders expected , leading to more job cuts . '
In the midst of a four-game losing streak , and winners of only three games in the last ten games , the St. John 's IceCaps will be able to count on some major league reinforcements , as Daniel Carr , Sven Andrighetto , Nikita Scherbak , and Ryan Johnston all get inserted back into the lineup for Saturday night 's game versus the AHL-leading Toronto Marlies , according to The Telegram .
Scherbak came into the season with a lot of hype as the Canadiens first-round pick in 2014 , however two prolonged stints on the injured list have limited the youngster to only nine games this season . The team shut him down in mid-November to allow a nagging ankle injury to fully heal .
Carr and Andrighetto make their return after being re-assigned from the Montreal Canadiens on Friday morning . Carr played 17 games with the Habs , scoring five goals and seven total points , and being one of the more productive forwards during the difficult month of December . Previously Carr had played 21 games with the IceCaps , recording eight goals and 17 points .
Andrighetto had a more difficult time with the Habs , being a scratch more often than not . He was sent back down to the IceCaps long enough to miss the Winter Classic as a result of Brendan Gallagher 's return , but was recalled almost immediately due to the injury to Dale Weise . In 17 games with the Habs , Andrighetto has four goals and one assist .
Johnston has been on the shelf since October when he underwent back surgery for a herniated disc that was affecting his length strength . The defenceman really impressed during the rookie tournament in September , so he is an interesting prospect to follow as the IceCaps will look to strengthen a shaky defensive corps that allows close to 40 shots against per game .
There are a few notable subtractions from the IceCaps line-up as well , as Jacob de la Rose was called up to the Canadiens to fill a fourth-line role according to coach Michel Therrien , and Brandon McNally and Mac Bennett were loaned to the ECHL 's Brampton Beast . In addition , Stefan Fournier was part of the three-team trade that brought Victor Bartley and John Scott to the Habs organization . Scott wo n't be available for Saturday 's game against the Marlies , but should be in the line-up for the IceCaps on Sunday , adding another body to the team .
Finally , the IceCaps released Eric Neilson from his PTO . Neilson was on his second 25-game tryout with the IceCaps this season , but only played in six games all season , earning no points .
With just a few weeks remaining before the first issue of Warren Ellis 's anticipated The Wild Storm , which will reinvent DC 's Wildstorm universe for the post-Rebirth era , the company will release its first official promotional image for the event in this week 's comics .
Seen below , the ad tells audiences very little about what 's going on in the series , but offers what may be an official logo of some kind for the story arc itself .
You can see the full image in the image gallery attached , along with the solicited covers for the first two issues of The Wild Storm . In keeping with its name , the image in The Wild Storm ad was based on a storm warning flag .
In U.S. maritime warning flag systems , a red square flag with a black square taking up the middle ninth of the flag , as seen in the image above , is used to indicate a storm warning . The use of two such flags denotes a hurricane force wind warning or a hurricane warning . Inside the red section of the flag , of course , is the swirl of lightning that traditionally resided inside the `` W '' on the WildStorm logo in previous DC iterations ( and the whole logo in some early versions from Jim Lee 's days of running the studio by himself , if we recall ) .
The Wild Storm , with art by Jon Davis-Hunt , will serve as a launching pad for several future series : Michael Cray , WildC.A.T.S . and Zealot . No creative team announcements have yet been made for those books , except that Ellis will oversee the pop-up imprint as a kind of `` showrunner , '' a la the role Gerard Way has taken on with DC 's Young Animal . “ There are precious few visionaries in our business and fewer still like Warren who can elevate mythos with both stylistic panache and idiosyncratic spectacle . His work at WildStorm remains the tone which best defines and reflects the WildStorm Universe , ” said DC Publisher Jim Lee . “ I know I speak for WildStorm fans the world over when I say I ca n't wait to see what Warren and Jon have in store for fans in February ! ” The original WildStorm imprint started up at Image Comics under Lee , who was one of that company 's seven founders . Launched in 1992 , the imprint churned out a series of best-sellers during the boom of the '90s . After dipping his toes back into the Marvel waters with Heroes Reborn , Lee decided that he would rather be an artist tan a publisher and sold WildStorm and its properties to DC Comics in 1999 . Lee has worked exclusively for DC since , and currently ( ironically ) serves as one of their two publishers .
Mother with 4 kids stopped with $ 237,000 cash in Rosenberg
K-9 Rik with $ 237,576 in cash that was intercepted during a traffic stop in Rosenberg on Sept. 21 , 2017 .
PHOTOS : Biggest drug busts on the Texas-Mexico border K-9 Rik with $ 237,576 in cash that was intercepted during a traffic stop in Rosenberg on Sept. 21 , 2017 .
PHOTOS : Biggest drug busts on the Texas-Mexico border Photo : Fort Bend County Sheriff 's Office Photo : Fort Bend County Sheriff 's Office Image 1 of / 20 Caption Close Mothers with 4 kids stopped with $ 237,000 cash in Rosenberg 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
A K-9 unit intercepted $ 237,576 in cash during a traffic stop on U.S. 59 on Thursday , the Fort Bend County Sheriff 's Office reports .
A mother from Mission , Texas , and four children were in the SUV at the time of the stop . All five people were released at the scene , but an investigation is pending . The mother could be charged with money laundering , the sheriff 's office said in a statement .
BIG CATCH : Austin-area bust nets $ 23 million in meth
The vehicle , heading south through Rosenberg , was stopped for a traffic violation by a member of the Fort Bend County Narcotics Task Force 's interdiction team .
The money was discovered during a roadside investigation , the sheriff 's office said .
The task force is comprised of local agencies and is a Houston High Intensity Drug Trafficking Initiative .
New evidence suggests Valve is building a living room 'Steam Box ' device to take on Apple TV and even PlayStation , Xbox and Nintendo consoles .
Website The Verge published a report collating rumours from anonymous sources . Chief among those rumours : that Valve held meetings at tech show CES to demo a hand-built PC/console machine to potential partners .
The PC Valve employee Greg Coomer had been building .
The basic specs of this Steam Box were a Core i7 CPU , 8GB of RAM and an NVIDIA GPU , the report said .
These are identical specs to those Valve employee Greg Coomer tweeted about in November , when he shared a picture of a `` tiny PC '' he 'd been busy building that `` runs Portal 2 FAST '' .
Kotaku heard from a source that Coomer , a product designer , heads a five to 10-person Steam Box team at Valve .
The Verge report said Steam Box will `` likely '' launch with a proprietary controller that may allow for swappable components ( analogue sticks , etc. ) . Valve filed a patent for such a device last year .
Steam Box will apparently be compatible with a `` wade variety '' of USB peripherals .
The Verge heard that some of these devices - maybe the controller itself - could be ( or include ) biometric sensors . These could measure heart beat ( via a bracelet ) , skin galvanic response ( sweaty hands ) and feed that information back into the game . Sources intimated to The Verge that the technology was so good , `` You wo n't ever look back . ''
Valve 's controller patent .
Again , previous reports back this up - Gabe Newell talked excitedly about biometrics last year .
The Verge claimed that Steam Box will support Big Picture mode . This feature aims to put Steam on tellies . As the Steam website explains : `` Heading to the living room - or anywhere there 's a big screen - is Steam 's soon-to-be-released big-picture mode , offering simple , easy-to-read navigation designed specifically for TV .
`` With full controller support , big-picture mode will let gamers kick back and enjoy their favourite games on the biggest screen in the house . ''
The allure to developers will be the Steamworks dev tools doing all the legwork . All developers would have to do is make games compatible with a controller .
The final rumour The Verge shared was that Valve does n't intend to entirely build this box alone , hence the meetings at CES with potential partners . And one of these partners could be Alienware , The Verge heard . The console-sized and newly released Alienware X51 may have been designed with an early spec of the Steam Box in mind , and could apparently retroactively support the software .
Valve may show more at developer show GDC this week . If not , E3 may provide the stage for a formal reveal .
How concerned are you right now about the US federal deficit ?
How concerned are you right now about the US federal deficit ?
The Republican party has shown the same amount of integrity
Do you think the Republican party has shown more or less integrity since the election of President Trump ?
Do you think the Republican party has shown more or less integrity since the election of President Trump ?
A House staffer who worked for Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz was fired Tuesday after he was arrested on bank fraud charges , reports say .
Imran Awan is accused of illegally acquiring a $ 165,000 home equity loan from the Congressional Federal Credit Union to pay for a rental property , Politico reports . Because the property was not his primary place of residence , using the loan for that purpose went against the credit union 's policies , the publication said . Awan was arrested Monday night at Dulles Airport on one count of bank fraud .
On Tuesday , a spokesperson confirmed that Awan had been fired from his position in Wasserman-Schultz 's office .
“ Mr . Awan previously served as an employee in our office , but his services have been terminated , ” the statement from spokesman David Damron read . It is unclear when exactly Awan was fired .
Awan reportedly transferred the funds from the credit union to two people in Pakistan and is unable to leave the country while charges are pending . His arrest comes in the midst of a criminal investigation surrounding a computer equipment scandal , Fox reports .
Published 23 minutes ago | Updated 16 minutes ago
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Gay Labour MEP Michael Cashman has said he is working to stop the planned executions of two young men for alleged homosexuality offences .
The two men , named only as Ayub , 21 , and Mosleh , 20 , were arrested by agents of the Iranian regime in the Kurdistan city of Piranshahr in northwest Iran after mobile phone footage was discovered of them having sex .
It has been claimed that the video included them having sex with a 17-year-old who told religious police that the pair raped him in exchange for sparing his own life .
Homosexuality is illegal in Iran .
Mr Cashman tweeted yesterday : “ Working to stop the execution of Ayoub and Mosleh in Iran . ”
PinkNews.co.uk understands he has alerted EU Foreign Minister Cathy Ashton about the men 's plight , while MPs Chris Bryant and Caroline Lucas have written to the Foreign Secretary to highlight the case .
The US State Department has also been asked to intervene by gay rights campaigners .
The date of the execution was originally reported as today ( January 21st ) although this is now unclear .
Gay rights activist Paul Canning , who wrote for PinkNews.co.uk about the case this week , said : “ This case has been difficult to write about because of the dangers for sources of information in Iran , changing or limited information and because of the obvious politics which surround any such case .
“ However this does not mean we can stand by and do nothing . Previous cases , in particular that of the woman sentenced to stoning for adultery , now changed to imprisonment , show that sometimes international pressure works .
“ I am delighted that pressure does now appear to be being applied . ”
A new kind of “ pop-up ” apartment building , made of prefab tiny homes called Y : Cubes , can be stacked into place – and later dismantled and rebuilt – in just a few months .
Each 280-square-foot unit has an open-plan living area/kitchen plus one bedroom , one bath and a deck :
One of the first residents , 24-year-old Wendy Omollo , on her deck .
“ By having my own space with my own front door , I will regain my independence . But it 's not just that , ” Omollo says : When the time comes to move on , “ I will be in a far better situation than today ” because she 'll be able to save up money .
“ On paper , the benefits are clear and indisputable , ” the Guardian 's architecture critic writes , though he has qualms about the aesthetics , or lack thereof . The units are built in a factory , with all the services – gas , plumbing , electric – pre-made in the cube , so the unit only has to be plugged in , so to speak .
Interior .
Bathroom . ( You probably guessed that . )
A model of the unit shows the layout .
This allows more units to be added to a development , or the entire development to be taken apart and built somewhere else , according to the architects behind the project , Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners . Each unit costs about $ 75,000 , roughly 25 percent cheaper than traditional construction , and they come together about twice as fast . Watch a video of the assembly :
The design is being used to fight homelessness in increasingly expensive London . The first development took less than five months to build , with the YMCA London South West offering 36 of the so-called Y : Cube apartments at 65 percent the average rent of the surrounding area .
Former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram believes that International Cricket Council ( ICC ) does n't have the power to persuade the Indian cricket board to play bilateral series with Pakistan . `` I do n't think ICC has the power to pursue BCCI , but again I have always said people to people contact is necessary . Politics and sport should be separate , '' the former fast bowler was quoted as saying by Geo TV . Akram also said that an India-Pakistan match was a way bigger event than any Ashes contest between Australia and England .
`` A Pakistan India match is more fun to watch than the Ashes . 20 million people watch the Ashes while a Pakistan India match is watched by a billion people , '' he said .
ICC Chief Executive ( CEO ) Dave Richardson had said in September it clears that the sport 's governing body can not force India to play bilateral matches with Pakistan . Talking to the media in Lahore , Richardson also dispelled the impression that the ICC had a bigger leaning towards India compared to Pakistan cricket .
`` If India is not ready to play with Pakistan , we ca n't force them to do so , '' he said . He said obviously the ICC wanted good relations among all its member nations and discouraged member countries from being involved in legal battles with each other .
`` You have to understand that bilateral series is always held with the agreement of two cricket boards and though we would like to see India and Pakistan play bilateral matches they have political tensions and any cricket is dependent on their existing relations , '' Richardson said .
While India has steadfastly refused to play bilateral cricket with Pakistan since 2008 , the Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB ) has maintained it is getting ready to file a compensation claim with the ICC 's disputes resolution committee against the BCCI for not honouring a MoU signed between the two boards in 2014 .
Every Time I Die , Wage War , and '68 ( ex-The Chariot ) will be touring the U.S. this spring . The tour kicks off in late April , and wraps up about one month to the day in May . Get the dates below , and even if you 're not a huge fan of the headliner , consider going anyway to check out the rock fury that is '68 !
04/28 Wilmington , DE – World Cafe Live At The Queen
04/30 Jacksonville , FL – Welcome To Rockville
05/01 Birmingham , AL – Zydeco
05/02 Memphis , TN – Tone Cafe
05/04 Chattanooga , TN – Revelry Room
05/05 Charlotte , NC – Carolina Rebellion
05/06 Richmond , VA – Canal Club
05/07 Harrisonburg , VA – Golden Pony
05/08 Baltimore MD – Baltimore Soundstage
05/09 Erie , PA – Basement Transmissions
05/11 Dekalb , IL – The House Cafe
05/12 Iowa City , IA – Blue Moose Tap house
05/13 Somerset , WI – Northern Invasion
05/14 Chicago , IL – Bottom Lounge
05/16 Springfield , MO – Outland Ballroom
05/17 Columbia , MO – Rose Music Hall
05/18 Nashville , TN – The End
05/19 Indianapolis , IN – Deluxe
05/20 Lansing , MI – The Loft
05/21 Columbus , OH – Rock On The Range
Related Posts
Russian cybersecurity firm Kaspersky published a report last night ( PDF ) that reveals the notorious activities of a US cyber espionage group dubbed “ Equation Group ” which has used tools that somehow seem similar to ones used by another US intelligence agency NSA to infiltrate key institutions in countries including India , Pakistan , Iran , Russia among others .
The report reveals that the “ Equation Group ” embedded surveillance tools on the hard drives produced by a number of well-known manufacturers including Western Digital , Seagate , Samsung , Hitachi and Toshiba . Targets in the aforementioned countries include military , government , research institutions , telecommunications , among others . The report , however , could n't tell how many people were affected .
In addition to the hard drives , the report claims , that the Group had the ability to indulge in low-level acts such as infect the interface between hardware and software . This malware — also true for the ones shipped with hard-drives — could only be accessed through a secret API . What 's even more scary is how difficult was it to get rid of the malware once affected . Kaspersky says that even disk reformatting or reinstalling the operating system wo n't eliminate the malware .
Existing antivirus products and most security protocols are also incapable of removing the said malware . “ If the malware gets into the firmware , it is able to resurrect itself forever , ” Costin Raiu , a Kaspersky threat researcher , said in the report . “ It means that we are practically blind and can not detect hard drives that have been infected with this malware . ”
The malware — two zero-day exploits — were also coded into Stuxnet , the security firm reveals . Stuxnet was a Windows worm which was triggered jointly by Israel and the United States to sabotage Iran 's uranium enrichment operations . The resemblance between them led Kaspersky to conclude that both NSA and Equation Group were either the same or had worked closely . These tools were designed to infiltrate “ air-gapped ” networks . ( the systems that are not connected to the Internet . )
In addition to mingling hard drives with malware , the Equation Group also tampered with CDs meant to be sent to researchers and institutions . Kaspersky described one case where participants of a scientific conference were sent with the material of the conference . But these optical discs were tampered by the vicious group as they had added two zero-day exploits with the disk .
“ We do not believe the conference organizers did this on purpose . At the same time , the super-rare DOUBLEFANTASY malware , together with its installer with two zero-day exploits , do n't end up on a CD by accident , ” the security firm noted in the report . The firm notes that Equation Group “ surpasses anything known in terms of complexity and sophistication of techniques , and that has been active for almost two decades . ”
In a statement to Reuters , a former intelligence worker confirmed that the NSA had built sophisticated techniques for hiding spyware on hard drives . The expertise required to find a workaround in firmware codes of so many reputed hard drive brands — the codes that are kept from the public — suggests that the hard drive companies could also be participating in it . “ There is zero chance that someone could rewrite the [ hard drive ] operating system using public information , ” said Raiu .
Russell Wilson said Thursday that `` no division '' exists inside Seattle 's locker room on the heels of shipping wideout Percy Harvin to the New York Jets .
No playoffs for NFC West powers ? Who 's more likely to miss the postseason : Russell Wilson 's
Who 's more likely to miss the postseason : 's Seahawks or the rival 49ers ? Our analysts debate . READ
The Seahawks quarterback even spoke warmly of the mercurial Harvin , but does Wilson have more work to do with the rest of Seattle 's roster ?
In his latest weekly notebook , NFL Media 's Albert Breer wrote that `` some of Wilson 's teammates see him as the coaches ' guy , and believe he has n't done enough of late to ingratiate himself to those he plays with . It 's fixable , of course . But it 's there . ''
It 's a tension franchise passers often encounter , having to set the example during the workweek while being able to relate to your teammates . Wilson , though , `` does n't go out and party with the guys ; he 's a first-in , last-out type at the office , and he 's fostered strong relationships with his coaches , '' Breer wrote .
On the field , fallout from the Harvin trade might extend more directly to offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell , who struggled to placate the X-factor with an array of gadget plays aimed at milking the most out of Percy 's physical gifts . That `` led to many in the organization thinking that the offense was losing its way , '' wrote Breer .
After some Seahawks players openly campaigned for a `` return to the team 's downhill-running ethos , '' Bevell responded by handing Marshawn Lynch 18 carries last week in St. Louis after just 10 totes against the Cowboys -- with Harvin in the lineup -- in Week 6 . Breer noted that a handful of Seahawks players will be `` watching closely in hopes that this trend continues . ''
For more about the Seahawks , you can check out Breer 's weekly notebook here .
The latest Around The NFL Podcast previews every Week 8 game , and breaks down the Broncos ' win over the Chargers . Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW .
Surveillance footage shows four men lingering outside the Stop 1 Food Store in Northwest Baltimore Wednesday evening , oblivious to what 's about to come .
A man in a striped Adidas jacket talks animatedly , gesturing with his hands . A customer walks past the group and exchanges a few words . A child sits in the passenger seat of a hatchback parked nearby .
Creeping up from the side of the building comes a man in a hoodie . He fires a handgun in quick bursts . One man , shot in the back , crumples to the ground . The man in the Adidas jacket turns and runs , as do two others . The gunman continues spraying bullets .
Then he turns to the victim bleeding on the ground at his feet .
He stands over him and pulls the trigger repeatedly , emptying the weapon until the victim 's legs stop moving .
The brutal shooting Wednesday night at the corner of Duvall Avenue and Garrison Boulevard in Garwyn Oaks left two dead and four injured — the worst such attack in the city since eight people were wounded in late September in East Baltimore .
Five people have been killed within a half-mile radius of the convenience store in three separate shootings since Nov. 15 . They are among the 290 people killed in the city this year .
R. Johnson owns the Right Cut , a barbershop across the street from the Stop 1 Food Store . One of the victims was found bleeding outside .
`` You know what I call my neighborhood ? '' he asked . `` Little Beirut .
`` It 's got to stop . ''
Baltimore is on pace to cross the 300-murder threshold for the second year in a row — a sad milestone for a city that just five years ago saw homicides fall under 200 for the year .
Carrie Wells Baltimore police investigate the area where six people were shot . Baltimore police investigate the area where six people were shot . ( Carrie Wells ) ( Carrie Wells )
The spike in killings that began during the unrest after Freddie Gray 's death last year has not waned significantly .
Police have increased patrols in Northwest Baltimore . An entire class of police academy cadets in blue uniforms and khaki pants canvassed the area Thursday morning , looking for clues and handing out fliers asking for tips .
Police said the single gunman ran down Edgewood Street after the shooting and disappeared .
Detectives have no suspects . One wounded victim remained in critical condition at an area hospital , police said . Three injured people have been treated and released .
While police struggle to clamp down on the violence , they are imploring the community to help . They believe that some are shielding violent criminals from arrest , that others have become too passive or apathetic to help .
`` This was a targeted incident . It was a straight-up execution . The bad guy knew who he wanted to kill , and he did just that , '' Baltimore police spokesman T.J. Smith said . `` It 's almost a guarantee the way he went up and shot these people last night and executed that man last night , he absolutely will do it again , and he should n't be free to walk the streets . We ca n't allow our city to be numb to something like this . ''
Police identified the men killed in the shooting as Davon Dozier , 23 , and Troy Smothers , 29 . They were known as `` Day Day '' and `` Flip , '' according to people who came to the corner store on Thursday to revisit the incident .
Johnson said Smothers was a father of three . Both men grew up nearby and lived a house apart in the 3500 block of Fairview Ave. , two blocks northeast of the corner store , court records showed .
`` Very nice guys , '' said Mike Issa , the corner store owner . `` I 've been here 20 years . I 've never seen them do anything wrong . ''
Issa said he was in his back office when he heard gunfire .
Police do not know much about either victim . They recovered a handgun from one of the victims , according to Issa , who watched a crime scene technician empty the man 's pockets .
Relatives of the victims could not be reached Thursday .
As detectives went in and out of the corner store and police cadets went door to door in the neighborhood , friends of Flip and Day Day showed up to mourn and bemoan the violence .
One man said he had jury duty with Flip last week . A tall man in jeans shook his head and said `` I 'm tired of this s—— . ''
`` I 'm sorry about your friend , '' Issa replied .
Police believe the shooting is connected to at least one other recent shooting , and could be part of a cycle of retaliation .
Shawn Reid , 27 , was shot to death in the 3000 block of Oakfield Ave. on Nov. 15 . Jacob Hayes , 22 , was shot dead in the 4000 block of Duvall Ave. on Tuesday .
`` These folks all know one another , '' Smith said . `` This is intertwined . Family members know who these folks are , and we 're going to continue to bury these young men if we do n't collectively do something about it .
`` We can not allow the violence to continue , and allow for retaliation to continue because it 's only going to go back and forth . ''
A few hours after the shooting outside the convenience store Wednesday , 18-year-old Jamal Stewart was shot in the head and torso in the 3500 block of Fairview Ave. — the block where Dozier and Smothers had lived .
Stewart was the fourth Renaissance Academy student killed in the past year . City school officials said crisis teams will respond to the school to speak with students who need help .
Sharon Green Middleton , the city councilwoman who represents Garwyn Oaks , said residents on Duvall Street have been moved by police and city housing officials for their protection because they could be targets for retaliation .
She said neighbors have cited a house there as a `` nuisance '' property where drug dealing is suspected .
`` It , just to me , shows the importance of a connection between housing , the police and the community — we all have to be connected because some serious problems are happening , '' she said . `` Really it 's just so sad that it comes to things like this . ''
Police released the name of another man killed in a shooting on Wednesday . Dwayne Dorsey , 27 , of the 6800 block of Sturbridge Drive was shot in the head in the 900 block of N. Broadway in the Gay Street neighborhood of East Baltimore .
Baltimore Sun reporters Tim Prudente and Erica Green contributed to this article .
jgeorge @ baltsun.com
Twitter.com/justingeorge
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports ' Paul Myerberg at the Elite 11 QB Camp on which of the nation 's premier high school quarterbacks are making their mark . USA TODAY Sports
Quarterback Dwayne Haskins Jr. , center , celebrates with a receiver after throwing a touchdown pass during the morning practice at the Elite 11 camp in Beaverton , Ore. ( Photo : Godofredo Vasquez , USA TODAY Sports )
BEAVERTON , Ore. — Dwayne Haskins , a four-star quarterback prospect at The Bullis School in Potomac , Md. , has been crafting relationships with similarly desired recruits for years , at football camps from middle school through high school , ranging from the East Coast through the southern tip of California .
And so it came as no surprise to find more than a dozen college prospects from nearby schools scattered among the crowd at Haskins ' commitment announcement in May , each drawn to a local product whose verbal pledge carried significant weight in the Washington area .
Those programs angling for his signature – Maryland , Rutgers , Penn State , Florida — knew the score : Haskins was more than just an impact recruit — he was potentially an impact recruiter .
`` People-wise , everybody loves him , '' Bullis coach Pat Cilento said . `` They 're attracted to him . People want to come play with a guy with his talent . ''
Haskins picked Maryland , attracted to its location and the opportunity to place his stamp on a program entering its second season as a member of the Big Ten Conference . With one choice — and one tweet , shared nearly 1,000 times on Twitter — Haskins did n't merely give Maryland one difference-making prospect , he also gave the Terrapins a shot at a handful of others .
`` There are guys I 've built relationships with , '' Haskins said . `` I feel as though if we play together we can do something special . Especially guys in the area that I 'm really close with . If we all went to the same school together we can have the same impact , like people did at Miami ( Fla. ) in the 1980s . ''
Quarterbacks such as Haskins are committing earlier and earlier all across the highest level of the Football Bowl Subdivision , opting to end the recruiting process ahead of their senior seasons rather than prolonging the course deep into national signing day . Of the 18 quarterbacks participating in this week 's Elite 11 competition in Beaverton , only two have yet to make a verbal commitment .
Quarterbacks Dwayne Haskins Jr. , left , and Shea Patterson walk off the field after the morning practice at the Elite 11 camp in Beaverton , Ore. ( Photo : Godofredo Vasquez , USA TODAY Sports )
These high-tier prospects are viewed as tent-pole recruits for FBS programs , nearly always serving as the foundation and calling card of a signing class . They are recruits until they commit ; afterward , as with Haskins , they turn into de facto assistant coaches , using their phones and social media to recruit other prospects still in the process of making their college choice .
`` Usually the quarterback is the anchor of the class , and they 've got to bring it all together towards the end , '' said San Juan Hills ( Calif. ) quarterback Patrick O'Brien , who has verbally committed to Nebraska . `` They 've got to be the main people in the class . ''
And they get help from their future coaches . Nebraska coaches have messaged O'Brien , asking him to follow recruits on Twitter and craft relationships . That paid dividends with a tight end who recently committed to the Cornhuskers , O'Brien said .
Michigan coaches , led by Jim Harbaugh , gave Avon ( Ind . ) quarterback Brandon Peters a list of players they wanted the four-star prospect to contact , all on the offensive side of the ball . Shane Buechele , a Texas commit , gets names from quarterbacks coach Shawn Watson .
`` They tell me some guys to go after and I know some guys to go after , some local guys that are interested in the University of Texas , '' Buechele said . `` I just let them know how good of a school Texas is . ''
After committing to Oklahoma State in April , Liberty Christian ( Texas ) quarterback Nick Starkel returned to campus for a football camp in June . It was n't for the benefit of the Cowboys ' coaches , though that was a positive byproduct ; every hour with Mike Gundy and the staff breeds increased familiarity with a quarterback-friendly offensive system .
It was for the other prospects in attendance : Starkel spent time with those recruits already holding an Oklahoma State scholarship offer , as well as those who earned offers based on their camp performance .
`` It 's not necessarily a job for me , '' Starkel said . `` It 's something I want to do . I want our team to get better . I want our team to have the best possible class we can . ''
And perhaps even more so than the coaches themselves , quarterbacks have a deep understanding of the recruiting process . There are immense pressures involved : Starkel , Buechele and others understand just how much time it demands and know there 's such a thing as too much attention — an inevitable negative among the positives of being viewed as a high-profile recruit .
So they almost never talk on the phone with fellow recruits , opting for texting — much like other teenagers – and social-media tools such as Twitter . The quarterbacks will follow one prospect and see if he 'll follow back ; that would allow for direct messages , which leads to the sharing of phone numbers and emails .
The message they share is n't different from the recruiting pitch issued by their future coaches , predicated as it is on selling a potential future teammate on the draw of a specific school — whether Nebraska , Texas , Michigan , Oklahoma State or another .
It 's different in one sense : The pitch is coming from a peer , not a coach , and not just a peer but a quarterback – the future team leader embracing that role before stepping onto campus , and the selling points carry additional weight .
`` We 're all just dudes , so it 's easy , '' Peters said .
Contributing : Daniel Uthman
Each player will become a member of Fireteam Zero and commit acts of badassery against different families of monsters while trying to capture or destroy the arcane artifacts that are creating them .
Everyone has played a ton of `` guys on a board fighting monsters '' games . The question is : What are we bringing to the table that 's worth your time ?
By which we mean playing heroes that are n't your typical investigators or survivors trying to face the darkness with a hockey stick and a stiff upper lip . Do n't get me wrong , we love survival horror , but that 's not the game we wanted to build .
Our goal was to deliver heroes that were potent and whose actions were decisive and effective . If you 're going to fight unspeakable evil to save the world , competence is the bare minimum requirement for the job .
That means enemies with teeth . Just because you 're bringing a crack team of neck-stompers into battle does n't mean you 're guaranteed a win . As tough as the heroes are , the monsters are pound for pound just as deadly . Not only do they hit hard , but each one comes with an attack , a special attack , and an always-on unique ability to make them just that much more delightful .
Oh , and they outnumber the heroes . And they never stop coming . So they 've got that going for them .
We spent a lot of time stripping out mechanics that do n't pull their weight . If there 's an action you can take or a mechanic that can be invoked , then it has a direct impact on your success or failure . Most importantly , we tried hard to make sure that every action a hero commits to means giving up something else in terms of available options or survivability .
Or both .
Fireteam Zero : The Core Set
FTZ is a big game . Inside the box for the core set you 'll find over 300 cards , 7 custom dice , 8 double-sided map tiles that are a full foot wide , a Threat Track , a Mission Guide and more .
The core set also includes 46 figures : 4 player hero figures , 2 specialists , 1 female hero variant figure , and 3 complete monster families with 13 figures each , some of which reach a height of over 60mm , towering over the human-sized figures !
Expansions !
Go head to head against the Thornspawn in this expansion !
New Miniatures !
Receive the Thornspawn , an entire new monster family ! Comes with 8 Scavengers , 4 Wooden Men , and Prime who is a massive 60mm tall boss figure !
New Mechanic !
Add Gear to your hero as you progress ! Gear can be easily added to the core set and all other expansions as well !
New Locations and Adventures !
An all new , 3 Act Operation : Sticks and Bones . Plus , these standalone missions :
Lost and Found
Clockwork
Between the Bones of the Earth
And you 'll face these challenges using 4 new double-side map tiles , giving you 8 new map sectors with all new terrain to explore !
Hero Upgrades !
Comes with two 4-card upgrades and an all new Focus for each hero !
Face the Bloodless in the Old Country ! New Miniatures ! Receive the Bloodless , another entirely new monster family ! Comes with 8 Spore Children , 4 Saprophyte Soldiers , and Black Tooth , a towering boss figure over 60mm tall ! New Mechanic !
Enhance your Specialists with all new powers ! Each specialist type ( Lore or Psychic ) now receives their own deck , unleashing fantastic new abilities . The Specialist decks have been designed to work seamlessly with the core set and all other expansions !
New Locations and Adventures !
An all new 3 Act Operation : Blacktooth . Plus , these standalone missions :
Artifact Vault Bravo
Sacrifice of Honor
The Hunt Conquer your enemies on 4 new double-side map tiles , giving you 8 new map sectors with all new terrain !
Hero Upgrades !
Comes with two 4-card upgrades and an all new Focus for each hero !
Stretch Goals Team Effort Goals !
Here 's how Team Effort Goals work : instead of setting a funding target like most Stretch Goals , we give out awards for community action . Funding Goals ! Figure Highlights
One of the things that we needed to knock out of the park for Fireteam Zero was the quality of the miniatures . Fortunately for us , modeling phenom Chris Deavellar agreed to create all of the models for the game , ensuring that they have the highest level of detail , the most dynamic poses , and the most creative look possible .
You 're probably already familiar with Chris 's work , as he sculpted multiple HeroClix figures across several series and was the 3D lead for the MMO Fallen Earth .
Here 's a look at just a few of the figures included in Fireteam Zero !
Add-Ons
When setting up a game , you 'll pick an Operation , which will give you an overall goal and pit you against a monster family . You can think of an Operation as a kind of mini-campaign .
Within an Operation , there are three Missions . Each Mission takes place on a map and provides a specific scenario . The Missions are sequential and tell the story of a particular arcane Artifact and monster family , so they are typically named Act 1 , Act 2 , and Act 3 .
You can choose to play the missions back to back , or if you prefer , you can play one mission per game session without having to track a bunch of game states . We make it easy to start any mission in an Operation without a lot of messy housekeeping .
How do the heroes work ?
Each hero specializes in a combat role :
Leader : The team supercharger . This role enhances how the team works together and can pinch hit for the other roles if needed , although at a less effective level .
Close Combat : The brawler . This role deals death up close and personal , has enhanced mobility , and can hold the line when absolutely needed .
Marksman : The Sniper . Monsters ca n't hurt you if they ca n't reach you . Kill at range , provide cover fire for the team , and enjoy the percussive sounds of your M7 grenade launcher .
Demolitions/Medic : The angel of mercy and death all rolled into one . Toss a Satchel Charge to change a group of monsters into flaming debris or keep the team fighting when all seems lost .
Each hero has a unique deck to fight with . In Act I of an Operation , the deck contains only the base cards , but as you progress through the missions you will add Upgrade cards that enhance your abilities .
Focus !
Heroes also receive Focus cards to further specialize their play styles to fit the challenges at hand . They start with one card , but get to add an additional card in Act II and two more in Act III , for a total of three active Focus cards at the same time . These are extremely powerful , so choose wisely !
What about the Specialists ?
The heroes are n't in this alone . The squad takes into battle two Specialists , which are NPC figures that grant bonuses on the battlefield , provided you are within one space of them .
Expert/Lore Specialist : These specialists are all about arcane knowledge or personal skills . Henry grants a reroll of any one Attack die , due to his ability to pinpoint a creature 's weaknesses . Herc , on the other hand , reduces the amount of damage you need to deliver to kill a monster by a judicious use of his massive jaws .
Psychic Specialist : Unlike the Lore specialist , the Psychic 's abilities are something that they were born with . Patty is a remote viewer and can allow you to search a Spawn Point for free , leaving your action available for dealing out death . Griota , however , can project a wall of force around the team , granting everyone close to her a cover bonus .
What 's going on during a Mission ?
The missions are where all the action takes place . Heroes enter a monster-filled map with two goals in mind : complete the Mission Objectives and try not to die . Not necessarily in that order .
The following things will be happening during a Mission :
Heroes will search the map for Objectives
Monsters will politely decline to assist the heroes
Each turn spent dilly-dallying on the map will bring more monsters
As time passes , the monsters will develop new and unpleasant abilities to kill players with
Heroes will push their luck , kill monsters , and deploy battlefield altering tactical actions ( like showing the monsters what an artillery strike looks like close up )
How do you win ?
Like war , it 's all or nothing . Surviving a map and completing your objectives will win you a battle , but that 's all . It grants you access to the next map and some much-needed upgrades , but to win the game you have to get through all three maps and defeat the boss at the end .
All you need is clever tactics , teamwork , and luck .
Piece of cake .
Here 's the first updated gameplay video !
Another gameplay video , this time against the Harvester !
And here are the previous ones , where we discuss setup and give an overview of the rules ! Please note that these are using some older assets , but refreshed videos are coming soon !
The combat video ! An in-depth look at the easy to use , but deep and versatile combat system !
A mission playthrough ! This is Operation : Typhon 's Cup , Act I : River Crossing . Note : this playthrough is a bit longer than an actual game , since we add in some explanation as we go . We make a couple of tactical mistakes , one of which turns out to be fatal : )
Can you play with more than one squad ?
As a matter of a fact , you can ! Division Zero does its best to detect Artifact outbreaks in their early stages , but they 're not always successful . When an outbreak has been allowed to fester undetected , it takes more than a single Fireteam to stop it .
The optional Multi-Squad Location Packs allow you to field two Fireteams at the same time , raising the maximum number of players the game will support to 8 .
Each Location Pack contains four 12 '' x 12 '' double-sided arena map tiles which , when combined with four tiles from the core set , create a massive two-foot by four-foot battlefield . That 's where you 'll fight an epic battle against two bosses working together at the same time , plus their hordes of minions and elites !
Also inside are the rules for Multi-Squad play , the briefings for both missions , and any required objective and recon cards .
A Hero Deck Pack is required for play in order to have an extra set of hero decks for the second squad . A Variant Hero Figure Pack is recommended , as are additional Monster Family Packs to create a Spawn Pool of the necessary size .
Open Source Board Gaming
This is something we 're very excited about . Each purchase of a core set will receive the ability to download all of the source assets for the game .
That means full access to the maps , card templates , game components , and even the 3D models for the miniatures !
Being gamers ourselves , we want to support the community and enable them to bring their own modifications and content to all of our games , starting with Fireteam Zero .
Badges !
Click to download the whole pack and show your support in style !
Meet the Team
Acknowledgements
A huge thanks to Logan Harris at Eastex Productions for his expert help with the video . Skilled , fast , and thoughtful . What more could we ask ?
The music was provided by Jewelbeat.com , highly recommended !
And the reel-to-reel sound effects were from nemoDaedalus , thanks !
According to Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) , over 10,000 Americans will die in DUI accidents by the end of 2011. Who will be responsible for these fatalities ? Surprisingly , it may not be some of the drunkest drivers on the road . Some drivers get so inebriated that they end up driving nowhere , and people who are barely capable of turning a key are easy to spot on the roads , and are often arrested before they can do any damage .
Who does that leave ? Not the people you 'd expect . Let 's look at a few cases and support the argument .
Teri Comer – BAC .72 %
At the time of her arrest , Terry Comer surpassed Oregon 's legal limit of .08 % blood alcohol content ( BAC ) by a whopping nine times – enough to drink eight college freshman under the table . Thankfully , police found Comer passed out in her car , which was stuck in a snow bank with the engine running . Winter : it 's not always a bad thing .
Marguerite Engle – BAC .70 %
When police found Marguerite Engle , she was passed out in a stolen delivery truck . Then , when she did n't arrive at her court date , police found her passed out in a stolen car . It 's not clear whether she stole the vehicles to make booze runs or thought they were her own thanks to a bizarre case of automotive beer goggles . But one thing is clear : Engle could n't physically drive .
Willard Ashley III – BAC .69 %
For some people , a hunting trip turns into a drinking outing , as demonstrated by Willard Ashley III 's blood alcohol content after a day of deer hunting . Ashley was arrested in Indiana with a BAC of .69 % as he sat in his wrecked car , waiting for a tow truck . Ashley did n't shoot a deer that day , but he did kill a vehicle .
Meagan Harper – BAC .55 %
Beer and pizza have complementary tastes , but Meagan Harper drank a pitcher of Budweiser to go along with every slice . After she 'd spent the night tippling at an Oregon pizza joint , police found Harper asleep in her car , still in the establishment 's parking lot . Instead of going to jail , she went to the hospital .
Cloyd Dull – BAC .53 %
Dull 's last name describes the state he was in after he drank enough whiskey to kill a horse . Like the people above , he was sitting in his vehicle , passed out from drinking so much that , oddly enough , he may have saved his own life . Today , his BAC of .53 % is still the highest in Ohio 's history .
Stanley Kobierowski – BAC .49 %
After taking to the open road with a BAC of .49 % , Kobierowski proceeded to hit a highway message board . When police arrived , he used his liquid courage to resist arrest , but he was soon chauffeured to jail . No word on whether the message board featured an image of Crown Royal .
Rebecca Lingbloom – BAC .50 %
Rebecca Lingbloom was also found passed out in her vehicle , but not before doing more swerving than Bo and Luke Duke . Lingbloom 's BAC of .50 % stands as Washington 's highest , and it apparently pickled her logic : she believed that she should n't be charged with DUI , because she was n't driving at the time of her arrest .
Deanna Jarret – BAC .47 %
Deanna Jarret is a Washington policewoman who decided to see what a DUI arrest felt like from the other side of the badge . After rear-ending two vehicles just minutes apart , she was arrested and placed behind the same bars that she normally slammed shut . The moral of the story : donuts are the smarter way to achieve a dopamine rush .
Denise Thompson – BAC .41 %
As if having a BAC of .41 % were n't controversial enough , Denise Thompson decided to go joyriding with an 8-year-old ward of the state . Challenging the association between high BAC and high octane , Thompson led Nebraska police on a long , low-speed chase before she finally pulled over and surrendered .
Kim Marshall – BAC .40 %
When Kim Marshall drove through McDonald 's , she nearly redefined the concept by almost ramming the building . The restaurant 's manager called the cops , who arrested Marshall shortly after her bizarre drive-through escapade . Her BAC was five times the legal limit , and police remarked that Marshall seemed to be in a “ haze. ” The Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese did n't help matters .
What Have We Learned ?
The drunkest drivers on the road are also the easiest to spot – as long as your local Roscoe P. Coltrane is on patrol . While extremely inebriated drivers pose a very serious threat before they 're apprehended ( or on country roads where no one 's keeping watch ) , in cities and more populated areas it may be that moderately inebriated drivers are the greater threat . Keep a sharp eye out for them . Do n't dismiss that subtle swerve or little wobble . Stay back and stay safe , and call the police if you suspect that anything is amiss .
Have You Been Injured in A Drunk Driving Accident ?
If the actions of a drunk driver have caused you injury , the New Jersey injury attorneys at Console & Associates P.C . can help . By consulting with a New Jersey injury lawyer from our firm , you can identify damages that the defendant should compensate , as well as the amount you may be eligible to receive .
Whether your injuries are moderate , severe or life altering , a New Jersey injury lawyer at Console & Associates P.C . is ready to examine your case . Call today to schedule a free consultation with one of our New Jersey injury attorneys .
Call Toll Free Today : ( 866 ) 778-5500
Jesse Armstrong is currently employed at the Missionary Training Centre in New Zealand , and thought he was pretty ‘ missionary savvy ' . That was until he met the missionaries in San Diego , California .
These missionaries did n't have recognisable name badges and they certainly did n't sound anything like any of the missionaries he trained back in New Zealand . These , very interesting missionaries were speaking Arabic and are assigned specifically to teach Arabic speaking ‘ friends of our faith ' in approved missions .
Jesse said :
“ Check this out…I 'm sitting here watching missionaries being taught the Arabic Language . They are teaching the Chaldean people who descend from Abraham ! These are the people whom the Saviour walked amongst in his day…How cool is that ? ! ? ! They told me that there are less than 100 of them [ Arabic speaking missionaries ] around the world ” .
The missionaries teaching an Arabic man
The man in photo is Ghassan Seba , he is a convert to the church and has been assigned by the mission president to teach the missionaries Arabic in his home . He reports that there are around 50,000 Chaldean people living in San Diego . The missionaries have a special assignment to work with these people .
According to a former missionary , there are also “ Arabic speaking missionaries in the Uganda Kampala Mission , which includes Sudan and South Sudan ” ( if you know of anywhere else , just comment below )
A book entitled “ Into the Desert : An Arab View of the Book of Mormon ” by Ehab Abunuwara , informs that “ The Middle East remains one of the few areas in the world where the reach of missionary work continues to be very confined ” .
He continues , “ Currently , small Arabic-speaking branches exist in Lebanon and Jordan . On the other hand , a large number of people of Arab origin have joined the church outside the Middle East ; so even though it would be hard to speak of an Arab LDS culture in the Middle East , members of Arab or Middle Eastern origins can provide insights into understanding and reading the Book of Mormon from a Middle Eastern point of view ” .
In 1986 the first Arabic Book of Mormon was published . It was translated by Sami Hanna . By that point the Book of Mormon had been translated into 39 languages . Anderson , Kai A . ( June 1997 ) , “ In His Own Language ” , Liahona : 29
An Arabic Book of Mormon
Elder Russell M. Nelson spoke of this Sami 's incredible Book of Mormon conversion story at the 1992 , Mission President 's training seminar .
“ Sister Nelson and I have a close friend and former neighbor , Sami Hanna , who was born in Egypt . He is a scholar with special expertise in Semitic languages . As a linguistic exercise , he translated the Book of Mormon from English into Arabic . The exercise converted him to the divinity of the Book of Mormon . Among the many linguistic features that convinced him of the book 's divinity was this unusual sentence in Helaman , chapter 3 , verse 14 . [ Hel . 3:14 ] This would hardly be an expression of a 24-year-old man from the New York frontier :
“ But behold , a hundredth part of the proceedings of this people , yea , the account of the Lamanites and of the Nephites , and their wars , and contentions , and dissensions , and their preaching , and their prophecies , and their shipping and their building of ships , and their building of temples , and of synagogues and their sanctuaries , and their righteousness , and their wickedness , and their murders , and their robbings , and their plundering , and all manner of abominations and whoredoms , can not be contained in this work ” .
That single sentence has eighteen ands . Now , if you were a teacher of English you might tend to downgrade the composition of that sentence . Yet my scholarly Egyptian friend said that every one of those ands was an important element in the construction of that sentence , allowing his translation to flow smoothly back to a Semitic language ” .
President Kimball Said , “ We want the leaders of the Arab nations to understand we believe that the Arab people are children of Abraham and as such are entitled to the blessings of Abraham ” .
Arabic missionary badge
Maybe this is the start of something incredible . Perhaps this moment will one day be compared to the waves of converts from South America and the Philippines .
Just maybe , like for Sami , the Book of Mormon will fulfil it 's promise of “ convinc [ ing ] Jew and Gentile that Jesus is the Christ ” and resonate with Arabic speaking people as a “ whisper out of the dust ” . Isaiah 29:4
And hopefully we 'll be seeing a lot more of those really cool Arabic missionary name tags .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu opened his speech at the United States Congress on Tuesday by reiterating Israel 's strong ties with the U.S. , saying `` Israel has no better friend than the U.S. and the U.S. has no better friend than Israel . ''
The prime minister 's speech was briefly disrupted by a heckler , who was quickly escorted out by security . Netanyahu said about the heckler , `` I appreciate that protesting is allowed '' adding `` this is the real democracy . ''
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint meeting of Congress on Capitol Hill in Washington , May 24 , 2011 . Reuters
Netanyahu rejected those that call Israel a `` foreign occupier '' , saying that no one could deny the `` 4,000 year old bond between the Jewish people and the Jewish land . ''
`` Why has peace eluded us ? '' the prime minister posed as he began to discuss the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . `` Because so far , the Palestinians have been unwilling to accept a Palestinian state if it meant accepting a Jewish state alongside it . ''
`` I am willing to make painful compromises to achieve this historical peace . As the leader of Israel , it is my responsibility , '' he said .
`` Now , this is not easy for me . It 's not easy , because I recognize that in a genuine peace we will be required to give up parts of the ancestral Jewish homeland , '' he said .
Reiterating a point he has made several times throughout his official trip to Washington , Netanyahu said that Israel `` will not return to the indefensible borders of 1967 . ''
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
`` Israel will be generous on the size of a Palestinian state , but will be very firm on where we put the border with it , '' Netanyahu said .
He also called on Palestinians to see their future `` homeland , '' rather than Israel , as the place to settle refugees .
`` It 's time for President Abbas to stand before his people and say , ' I will accept a Jewish state ' , '' Netanyahu said to applause .
`` Those six words will change history . They will make it clear to the Palestinians that this conflict will come to an end , '' he said . `` And those six words will convince the people of Israel that they have a true partner for peace . ''
Netanyahu also urged Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to back out of a power-share deal signed this month with rival Palestinian Islamist group Hamas , which opposes peacemaking , and to shelve a campaign to secure statehood status for Palestine at September 's United Nations General Assembly .
`` Tear up your pact with Hamas and sit down and negotiate , make peace with the Jewish state , '' he said .
`` The Palestinian attempt to impose a settlement through the United Nations will not bring peace , it should be forcefully opposed by all those who want to see this conflict end , '' he said . `` Peace can not be imposed , it must be negotiated . ''
At the start of his speech , the prime minister congratulated the U.S. on getting Osama Bid Laden , adding `` good riddance '' .
`` I am dearly moved by this warm welcome , '' Netanyahu said , after being received in Congress by a long standing ovation . He received another standing ovation after mentioning that he saw many friends in the audience `` both Democrats and Republicans . ''
As part of his visit to Washington the prime minister had earlier met with U.S. President Barak Obama , after which he reiterated his stance that Israel can not go back to the `` indefensible '' borders of 1967 .
The two leaders ' meeting came a day after the U.S. president 's Mideast policy speech called for negotiations for a two-state solution based on 1967 lines .
On Monday , Netanyahu spoke at the AIPAC policy conference where he spoke about Obama 's `` ironclad commitment '' to Israel 's security .
He also reiterated his rejection of Obama 's call for an Israeli-Palestinian peace based on 1967 lines .
Israel has historically enjoyed broad support from the U.S. Congress , a sign of which was seen at the AIPAC dinner when Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid challenged Obama 's on the border issue , saying `` No one should set premature parameters about borders , about building or about anything else . ''
Palestinians have said that they will meet in Ramallah on Wednesday to determine what their next step will be , following Netanyahu 's visit to Washington .
Sometimes God speaks to us in unexpected places , in unexpected ways , through unexpected vessels . I was privileged to experience this form of blessing yesterday while attending , of all things , traffic court with my husband . ( Those darn yellow lights ! )
During the nearly four hours we waited for his name to be called I was greatly impressed with the gentleness of the judge . Judges can be scary , cranky even . This was not the case yesterday . I listened while he showed grace and mercy to one , and yet another , and yet another . I was saddened by the attitude of one young man whom the judge was encouraging to consider another path that leads to a life of peace . The judge stopped talking at one point and said , with great sadness in his voice , “ I 'm not going to say anymore . As I 'm talking you 're looking around – just waiting for me to shut up so you can go on about your business . You 're not hearing what I 'm saying. ” And with that , he handed down his sentence , still filled with mercy and enough time for the young man to get it together in order to pay fines for his offenses .
At one point the judge listened patiently to a woman who was disgruntled with the long wait and the slow process of what is the overloaded judicial system . He actually apologized to her for her frustration . Then he gave a lesson . And in that lesson I was encouraged for the rest of the day .
Prior to court yesterday morning I made the decision to love and to forgive . I 've been so angry and hurt by family 's treatment of me , my youngest son , my youngest daughter and her boyfriend for a NONoffense based our little girl 's boyfriend 's skin color . I want so much for them to see that we should base our judgment for others on character , not on something over which none of us have control .
No child is born and says , “ Okay , I think I 'll take — um , let me see…yeah , I would like to live as a white person for this life I 've been given. ” That analogy is no more ridiculous than judging a person solely for their skin color . There are a lot of things we can control in life – race is not one of them .
So , when the judge gently told the woman that in this life – a life in which we are often faced with frustrations – he and I quote , “ I choose to have peace. ” He elaborated on that , but it was all I needed to hear . The woman obviously did n't receive what he said , but for me – it melted my sadness .
I love my dad . But , I am not responsible for his choice to hate . And for all the tears I have shed this week over his silence – his lack of contact or show of love…Or from my stepmother , and the treatment all of my kids have received – whether in the form of being manipulated to change a wedding guest list to suit racism or to be unwelcome and cut off because some of my kids are taking a beautiful , albeit heartbreaking , stand for what is right and humane… I 'm choosing peace .
The Word tells us that it 's His peace that passes understanding and I stand on the promise that the joy of the Lord is my strength . This does n't mean I wo n't shed more tears . This does n't mean I wo n't continue to grieve for those who are still alive , but dead to showing love for me , my kids or our fellow man – all who are made in the image of an amazing , creative God – even my daughter 's black boyfriend . It means I will choose peace , forgiveness and love in the face of standing for what is right and good .
I will close with something my daughter 's boyfriend shared . He posted a picture of him with my daughter with this caption : Hey so this is my lovely fiancé Laura Miller . She 's not white . She 's Laura Renee Miller . And this is me Michael Walker . I 'm not black I 'm Michael Alexander Walker . Black or white is a primitive concept used to label people . People are people . It does n't matter what ethnicity ( or “ color ” ) you are – it 's what 's on the inside that counts . And the sooner that happens ; the sooner there will be a huge IQ raise in the world .
May we all pray for raised IQ's…raised heart IQ 's . And may we all – choose peace .
Advertisements
Lobbyists ( And , Oh Yes , Everyone Else ) , Start Your Engines : FCC Opens The Floor For Comments On Net Neutrality
from the and-we're-off dept
As was mostly expected , the FCC this morning voted 3 to 2 ( along expected party lines ) to move forward with Tom Wheeler 's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( NPRM ) , which effectively flings open the doors to the public comment period concerning what the FCC should do about net neutrality . As we 've been discussing , the basic idea the FCC is proposing will open up a potentially bifurcated internet with fast lanes and slow lanes , even as the FCC insists this is n't true . Of course , the main point the FCC has been making , which is accurate , is that what happened today does n't change anything . They 're basically just setting up the process for the eventual changes that could have a very large impact.After folks on Wheeler 's own side threatened to revolt , combined with a lot of public pressure , Wheeler apparently did a last minute revising of the plans , to make it more explicit that he 'd like the public to weigh in on paid prioritization and Title II reclassification . It also appears he 's added in this vague concept of a `` ombudsperson '' who will supposedly try to make sure that we do n't end up with ISPs behaving badly.At this point , what we basically have is open season on lobbyists trying to influence the FCC one way or another , eventually leading to some sort of rulemaking , followed ( inevitably ) by a bunch of lawsuits from broadband providers who are n't going to be happy with any solution . And , of course , the potential ( unlikely as it may be ) for Congress to get involved.Stacey Higginbotham over at GigaOm has the best rundown of the issues up for comment in the NPRM . If you 're trying to understand what exactly people are really commenting on ( beyond the broad claims of `` net neutrality '' `` open internet '' `` fast lanes '' `` reclassification '' `` common carriers '' and the like ) , that 's a good place to start . I know folks like to view this on a more simplified yes/no level , but this is n't an issue that neatly fits into a series of simple yes or no options , in part because of two big reasons : ( 1 ) telecommunications lawand ( 2 ) this is all a symptom of the real problem : the lack of meaningful competition.And while Wheeler has suggested that the FCC is willing to knock down laws that block competition , we 'll believe it when we see it in action . On top of that , Wheeler made it clear today that he still sees the interconnection issue as a separate issue , even thought it 's becoming clear that that 's where the real problem is . Oh , and while lots of people are calling for Title II reclassification , and there are many reasons to believe that may be the best solution , it 's also exceptionally messy as well , because Title II hasof problems as well . The FCC would need to deal with those problems , via forbearance , which creates a whole different set of headaches.In short : this is a very messy process , and there are many , many places where it can ( and likely will ) go wrong.But , that does n't mean that everyone should just throw up their hands and go home to their ( increasingly slow ) internet . The broadband lobbyists will not be doing that . And , of course , they know quite well how to play the lobbying game and how to work the ins-and-outs of everything above . It is why it 's going to become increasingly important to become much more informed on a variety of these issues and the true implications of the choices the FCC makes in the coming months . If you would like to weigh in , and I do suggest everyone seek to share their comments with the FCC , I would suggest first spending a little time more deeply reading through the full set of issues and what the pros and cons of different options may be . You can file comments directly with the FCC or via a very , very handy Dear FCC tool that the EFF put together . : And ... many hours later , the FCC has finally released the actual NPRM . Take a look .
Filed Under : fast lane , fcc , lobbying , net neutrality , nprm , open internet , paid prioritization
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – On Friday , a 16-year-old junior at McKinley High School was attacked by not one , but nearly 20 students . Peers caught the attack on camera and posted it online .
The victim 's mother is outraged . Another parent , whose daughter was on the same ‘ hit list ' of four honor roll students , said she warned the principal about the planned attack earlier that day when she came to take her child out of class .
District officials confirmed the attack , but said the principal was not given the name of the targeted student before the attack . The district released a statement , saying , in part :
The District Safety and Security Department is investigating the incident . All students involved in the altercation will be disciplined , per district policy .
Both families are looking to transfer their kids out of McKinley High School as soon as possible . The victim said the attack will not impede her plans to go to college and become a surgeon .
Show full PR text
Redesigned and Reengineered 2017 Acura MDX to Debut at 2016 New York International Auto Show
America 's best-selling three-row luxury SUV to receive substantial design changes , new features and new powertrain technology
TORRANCE , Calif. ( Feb. 24 , 2016 ) – Acura will unveil the redesigned and reengineered 2017 MDX luxury SUV at the 2016 New York International Auto Show on March 23 . The 2017 MDX will boast substantial design enhancements , added luxury comfort and convenience features , and advanced new powertrain technology , in concert with the Acura brand 's focus on Precision Crafted Performance .
`` We are sharpening our focus on the Precision Crafted Performance DNA of the Acura brand and the 2017 MDX will integrate new styling elements and powertrain technology that takes us another step in that direction , '' said John Mendel , executive vice president of American Honda Motor Co. , Inc .
The Acura MDX is the best-selling three-row luxury SUV of all time and Acura 's best-selling SUV , with sales topping 50,000 units in each of the past three years . The 2017 MDX was designed by the Acura Design Studio in Torrance , Calif. and will continue be produced at the company 's Lincoln , Ala. auto plant . In early 2017 , an additional production source for MDX will be added at the East Liberty , Ohio auto plant . Both plants will use domestic and globally sourced parts .
For More Information
Consumer information is available at www.acura.com . To join the Acura community on Facebook , visit facebook.com/Acura . Additional media information including pricing , features and high-resolution photography is available at acuranews.com/channels/acura-automobiles .
About Acura
Acura is a leading automotive luxury nameplate that delivers Precision Crafted Performance through advanced product design and innovative technologies . On March 27 , 2016 , Acura will celebrate the 30th anniversary of its launch as the first luxury nameplate from a Japanese automaker . Nearly 98 percent of the products Acura sold in America in 2015 were built in America using domestic and globally sourced parts .
The Acura lineup features five distinctive models – the RLX luxury flagship sedan , the TLX performance luxury sedan , the ILX sport sedan , the 5-passenger RDX luxury crossover SUV , and the seven-passenger Acura MDX , America 's all-time best-selling three-row luxury SUV . This spring , Acura will launch its next-generation , electrified NSX supercar as a new and pinnacle expression of Acura Precision Crafted Performance .
# # #
Nacewa has been part of the management team with his former employers , the Auckland Blues , since returning to New Zealand two seasons ago .
Having retired at just 30 years of age , he has apparently missed playing . The player had been linked with a player-coach role at Leinster , but it seems as if his role will be strictly as a player .
It is something of a gamble by both player and province , but the risk is reduced by it being just a one-year deal . Clearly , if Nacewa regains anything like his former powers , both parties would look to extend his return .
Warmly received
Yet Nacewa was also a hugely popular teammate within the Leinster set-up as well , for his unstinting professionalism , remarkable consistency and all-round ability – Jamie Heaslip for one describing him as the best player he ever played with .
Brilliant at full-back and equally effective on the wing , Nacewa was also a very useful goal-kicker for the province , outstanding in the air and a hugely physical tackler . His versatility , professionalism and leadership credentials also ensured his value for money . Having still played 19 games in that interrupted first season , Nacewa never played less than 24 matches in each of his last four seasons with the province .
Capped once by Fiji at the 2007 World Cup , which prevented him from becoming an Black , Nacewa joined Leinster in 2008 and in five seasons with the province played 126 games at outhalf , wing and full-back , scoring 390 points including 24 tries .
His signing signalled a new level of ambition by Leinster , and despite suffering a broken hand in his third game at home to the Ospreys , he returned to play a huge role in Leinster finally becoming Heineken Cup champions .
Nacewa was also an integral part of Leinster 's back-to-back Heineken Cup triumphs in 2011 and 2012 , starting all but one of those 18 Cup ties , and after being part of three beaten finalists in the League , his time with Leinster was completed with the Challenge Cup-League double in 2013 .
It appeared the crowd were bidding goodbye following the League final win over Ulster at the RDS in May 2013 . It would appear it was merely adieu .
How an Uber driver stopped child sex trafficking in Elk Grove
An Uber driver who suspected child sex trafficking might be taking place in his vehicle reported it to police Monday . He said the signs were obvious and he could n't stay silent .
Keith Avila , who had barely surpassed his one-month mark with Uber , picked up two women and a girl from Oak Park with the intention of taking them to a hotel in Elk Grove .
The ride , which figured to net Avila less than $ 8 , was supposed to be a short one .
`` It was about 13 minutes . Something like that . I 'm going off memory but about 13 minutes , '' he recalled .
What ensued was anything but a routine Uber fare .
Avila said the girl who rode next to him in the front seat appeared to be about 12 years old and was dressed in attire that was not age appropriate .
`` She had a really short skirt , '' he described . `` So , you could see all her legs , and it struck me as odd because she was so young and she was dressing like that . ''
Two women rode in the back . Elk Grove police identified them as 25-year-old Destiny Pettway and 31-year-old Maria Westley .
Uber driver Keith Avila tipped off police to child sex trafficking on Monday , Dec. 26 , 2016 . Uber driver Keith Avila tipped off police to child sex trafficking on Monday , Dec. 26 , 2016 . Photo : Max Resnik Photo : Max Resnik Image 1 of / 47 Caption Close How an Uber driver stopped child sex trafficking in Elk Grove 1 / 47 Back to Gallery
Avila said one of the women controlled the young girl , whom Elk Grove police describe as a 16-year-old runaway .
While the teenager 's attire caught Avila 's eye , he said it was the discussion between one of the women in the backseat and the girl in the front seat that caught his ear .
He said the woman in the back coached her for her hotel visit with a man identified as 20-year-old Disney Vang .
Avila said the woman told the girl , `` 'First thing you want to do is ask : Do you have any weapons ? When you 're hugging him , just ask , do you have any weapons ? Pat him down . Pat him down while you 're hugging him . Get the donation , first . Before you start touching him , going in there , get the donation first . ' ''
This discussion , coupled with the girl 's attire , alerted Avila to the possibility that child sex trafficking was taking place in his car .
After dropping all three off at the Holiday Inn Express in Elk Grove , Avila said he moved to a safe distance and immediately called police .
`` I think this is a perfect example of the community coming together and recognizing that something is not right , '' said Beth Hassett , CEO of WEAVE , which serves victims of domestic and sexual abuse in Sacramento County .
Hassett said traffickers are looking for runaways like the 16-year-old girl . They 're also looking for boys , any children in foster care and any children who look lost or vulnerable .
Women are often used as recruiters , she said , because there is an easy way of establishing trust with a female victim .
Hassett said Avila noticed obvious signs and believes the public can also look for them as well .
`` [ You 're ] looking for young girls or boy who are n't where it seems like it should be , '' Hassett explained . `` They 're obviously not on their way to school . You do n't think there are books in that backpack . They 're lurking around . They 're with somebody who 's a lot older than them . ''
Uber did not comment on the situation involving Avila but praised his actions .
Uber does not provide human trafficking training , but it is partnered with ECPAT-USA , which works to end child slavery .
Literature on their partnership and education about child sex trafficking is available to drivers on Uber 's website .
Pettway and Westley remain in the Sacramento County Jail on pimping related charges . Their bail is set at $ 500,000 .
Vang was also arrested but was released from Sacramento County Jail Tuesday on bail .
This article originally appeared on KCRA .
NBC
For the first time in its history , Saturday Night Live ‘ s title will be true for the entire continental United States , as this season 's final four episodes will air live in the Mountain and Pacific time zones , as well as Eastern and Central like usual .
Those four episodes will be hosted by Jimmy Fallon ( April 15 ) , Chris Pine ( May 6 ) , Melissa McCarthy ( May 13 ) , and Dwayne Johnson ( May 20 ) , and will be broadcast live at 11:30 p.m. Eastern , 10:30 Central , 9:30 Mountain , and 8:30 Pacific . ( The episodes will then repeat at 11:30 Mountain and Pacific . )
For its entire 40-year history , SNL — like most of live TV across those decades — aired on tape delay to the western half of the United States . But most of the big live TV events now get simulcast across the country , and with SNL having its most-watched season in 24 years — and , thanks to Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump , McCarthy as Sean Spicer , and Kate McKinnon as half the Trump administration , its most talked-about in years — it seemed time to stop letting the good people of California have the whole show spoiled for them on Twitter .
“ SNL — enjoying its most popular season in two decades — is part of the national conversation , and we thought it would be a great idea to broadcast to the west and mountain time zones live at the same time it 's being seen in the east and central time zones , ” said Robert Greenblatt , Chairman , NBC Entertainment in a statement . “ That way , everyone is in on the joke at the same time . Kudos to Lorne Michaels , the producers and cast for making SNL one of the most relevant and anticipated shows in the zeitgeist . ”
Will this be a one-time ( or , rather , four-time ) experiment , or , considering NBC 's lack of original Saturday night programming for much of the year , could this be the way SNL airs going forward ? That 's unclear , but this may be a hard genie to put back in the bottle once it 's live from New York from coast to coast .
Additional reporting by Mike Ryan .
LEIGH SALES , PRESENTER : Powerful Republican Senator John McCain is in Australia as a guest of the United States Study Centre at the University of Sydney . We sat down in Parliament House this afternoon .
Senator McCain , thank you very much for taking time to speak to Australian viewers .
SENATOR MCCAIN : Thank you .
LEIGH SALES : Australia 's announced today that it will send another 30 troops to Afghanistan and Australia 's been committing troops to US-led missions since 9/11 to help in the fight against terrorism .
We were told that it would make the world safer and yet the events in Manchester last week have shown us yet again that the world remains less safe from terrorism than ever ?
JOHN MCCAIN , REPUBLICAN SENATOR : I think that 's true and I think one of the reasons is that we have not pursued a strategy for victory .
The Obama administration 's strategy was 'do n't lose ' and the fact is that right now the Afghan National Army , known as the ANA is suffering unsustainable losses and we withdrew troops at a time when it was going to be harmful to do so .
I believe that this national security team that is around the President now , General McMaster and General Kelly and General Mattis , I think they are developing a strategy and that strategy means victory .
LEIGH SALES : As you know better than anyone , there are young men and women who are at the pointy end of that strategy putting their lives on the line and Australia , as an ally , has trusted the US that it 's been the right strategy .
As I said before , the world is less safe ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I said that the strategy was wrong . I said that we ca n't win if you give the enemy sanctuary , if you are going to announce that you are withdrawing and frankly , I 'm sorry I was right , but I predicted exactly what was going to happen .
Now , I believe we have military leaders like General Mattis and General McMaster that have been bred in this conflict , both Afghanistan and Iraq , for the last 15 years .
They know how to win .
LEIGH SALES : But you also have a President at the top of the tree that many people , including here in Australia , look at and feel very , very nervous about ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I am nervous from time to time . I do believe that the President has great confidence in this national security team .
I do believe that most of the time that he accepts their advice and counsel . Can I tell you that he does all the time ?
No .
And yes , does it bother me ?
Yes , it bothers me .
LEIGH SALES : There 's also the issue that , he said he had confidence in the FBI director and then the next minute the FBI director is gone , so this team that you have confidence in , how do we know that they are going to even be there ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I am sure that the President has confidence in these military leaders . I really do .
LEIGH SALES : President Trump has just wound up three days of meetings in Europe and after he left the German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said that the US is no longer the reliable partner that her country or Europe have been able to rely on in the past and that Europe needs to go it alone .
Is that not a logical conclusion for her to draw given President Trump 's behaviour and character and public statements ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I have taken the practice of not reacting to what the President says , but what the President does .
He has repeated now , I 'm happy to say , a commitment to NATO . I wish when he argued for an increase in European contributions to NATO that he had also pointed out that we are grateful for Article 5 of the NATO conventions which argue that an attack on one is an attack on all .
When we were attacked by , in the United States of America , 9/11 , our allies , invoking Article 5 came to our assistance and fought and expended their most precious national assets , their young people 's blood , in defence and as a reaction to , an attack on the United States of America .
LEIGH SALES : It is perhaps not just an issue that the Europeans feel a lack of gratitude perhaps or commitment , but they see the US , perhaps , on policy areas going in a different direction to the way they are tracking .
For example , the Paris Accord where all the other European nations want the US to stick to that and President Trump would n't give that commitment .
They see President Trump espousing a sort of nationalistic approach rather than a multilateral approach so there are perhaps several things that are causing the Europeans to feel concerned about relying on the US ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I think that the Europeans are legitimately concerned , I 'd also point out that Barack Obama made that agreement without an agreement from the Congress of the United States which then allows this President to revoke it .
I think the second point is , that when I look at the world in 2009 , when Barack Obama became President of the United States , and I look at the world today , it is dramatically changed and one of the major reasons for it is leading from behind .
When America abandons its leadership then bad things happen and that vacuum is filled by evil influences .
So I appreciate the European 's viewpoint and their repudiation of Donald Trump but my friends , why do n't they say , `` Maybe we should n't have given Barack Obama the Nobel Peace Prize before he was ever even elected . ''
LEIGH SALES : You point out that America needs to lead from in front but the flipside of that is that the world has to want and respect American leadership and is n't the problem for you at the moment that people are reluctant to embrace American leadership under President Trump ?
JOHN MCCAIN : The United States of America is supposed to lead . Do you know one of the reasons why President Trump was so warmly received by all of these Middle Eastern countries , because at least they see some positive leadership .
When Barack Obama said that they had crossed the red line with the use of chemical weapons and then did n't do anything about it , America lost credibility .
I believe that if you 're looking at the standard of what actually happens versus what is said , then I 'll be glad to compare Donald Trump to Barack Obama , including the latest , when chemical weapons were used and we saw these dead children , at least we launched cruise missile strikes in retaliation .
So , again , I think we have got a strong national security team and I have disagreed with the President on many times and very vocally but somehow our European friends think the things were fine over the past eight years then they have a very different view of history than I do .
LEIGH SALES : How much of a threat to global security do you consider the Russian President Vladimir Putin ?
JOHN MCCAIN : I think he is the premiere and most important threat , more so than ISIS .
I think ISIS can do terrible things , and I worry a lot about what is happening with the Muslim faith and I worry about a whole lot of things about it but it is the Russians who are trying , who tried to destroy the very fundamental of democracy and that is to change the outcome of an American election .
I have seen no evidence they succeeded but they tried and they are still trying . They are still trying to change elections .
They just tried to affect the outcome of the French election . So I view , Vladimir Putin , who has dismembered Ukraine a sovereign nation , who is putting pressure on the Baltics .
I view the Russians as the far greatest challenge that we have . We have done nothing to the response the election last November to respond to Vladimir Putin 's attempt to change the outcome of our elections .
So way to go Vladimir , we have n't responded at all to it .
So we need to have increased sanctions and hopefully when we come back from our recess the Senate will move forward with sanctions on Russia and enact other penalties for Russian behaviour .
LEIGH SALES : One of the senior advisors in the Trump administration , Jared Kushner who is also the President 's son in law is under a lot of scrutiny at the moment for an alleged attempt to establish some back channel between the Trump team and the Kremlin ? What 's your view of that ?
JOHN MCCAIN : My view of it is I do n't like it .
I know that some administration officials are saying well that 's standard procedure . I do n't think that it 's standard procedure prior to the inauguration of a President of the United States by someone who is not in an appointed position and I think that Mr Comey , we now know , took action that he did in regards to then candidate Clinton because of some false news that was being put out by the Russians .
I mean , this becomes more and more and more bizarre . In fact , you ca n't make it up .
LEIGH SALES : North Korea has fired another ballistic missile which has landed in Japan 's economic zone , despite the global community attempting to tackle North Korea , it keeps doing this .
JOHN MCCAIN : What is the next step there ? The key to it is China . China can restrain North Korean behaviour . I do n't think that it 's acceptable for the United States of America to have an intercontinental ballistic missile or a missile aimed at Australia with a nuclear weapon on it and depend on our ability to counter it with an anti-missile capability .
So this could be a very serious crisis , along the lines of the Cuban missile crisis , unless we do everything we can to restrain North Korean behaviour . What 's the best and easiest way ? Obviously the Chinese because the Chinese control basically the North Korean economy .
This is an impending crisis and it requires all of us working together to diffuse this crisis and make sure that China , that North Korea is never in a position where they can threaten the United States of America or Australia or any of our allies with a nuclear weapon .
LEIGH SALES : Senator McCain , great honour to meet you . Thank you so much .
JOHN MCCAIN : Thank you .
Aleppo celebrates as thousands of terrorists boarded the green buses that will transport them to Idlib province .
This is the most devastating defeat of the EU/Israel/Saudi/CIA/US State Department sponsored Daesh terrorists in Syria .
Footage has emerged of some of the 5,000 militants remaining in eastern Aleppo being evacuated during the night as part of an operation ordered by Russian President Vladimir Putin .
The footage shows a motorcade of buses and ambulances transporting the militants and their families out of the city through a humanitarian corridor towards the city of Idlib .
https : //www.rt.com/news/370479-militants-evacuated-aleppo-syria/
Western war architects have learned their lessons in places like Vietnam and the Middle East . Henceforth , they must find an alternative to the costly use of well-trained foot soldiers in favor of jobless thugs as force multipliers to do the job of changing regimes for them .
The strategy was flawless until they got too greedy and started poking on Russia via Ukraine . Now , they have to deal with Russia that is already at the point of no return as far as dealing with Khazarian bullies are concerned .
Aleppo Freed , The Biggest US Defeat Since Vietnam
Aleppo has been liberated after almost four years of a barbarous and cruel occupation by the so-called Syrian opposition . The people of Aleppo are celebrating the fact , no longer will they be subjected to the most brutal , murderous regime imaginable .
by Gordon Duff , Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh , Managing Editor
What really made Aleppo such a hellhole was not the privations of being a city under siege , nor was it the cruelty and barbarism of the occupying forces – it was the fact that no-one outside Syria was lifting a single finger to help them , they received no aid , no foreign volunteers came to provide medical help , no foreign government did a single thing to alleviate their suffering .
However , the MSM told a very different tale , night after night , the TV news was full of tales of brave aid workers , courageous doctors and all manner of volunteers who were trying to save the people of Aleppo .
They kept telling us that aid convoys were flowing into the city to keep the people from starvation and that ambulances were ferrying the wounded to hospitals in Turkey . All of it was lies , an inversion of reality ; the aid convoys were , in reality , supplying the occupying forces with arms and munitions as well as food and other essentials .
The ambulances were also bringing in arms and supplies , the wounded they carried out to be treated in Turkish hospitals were not innocent civilians caught in the crossfire , they were ‘ rebel ' fighters injured while fighting against the legitimate Syrian armed forces and their allies .
This use of white trucks belonging to NGOs and aid agencies and clearly marked ambulances belonging to groups like the Red Crescent and Medecins San Frontiers was a cynical ploy to keep the occupying forces supplied without the Syrian and Russian air forces bombing the supply vehicles .
Just imagine the outcry in the western media if a Russian airstrike had taken out a supply convoy , they would have shown us countless scenes of burned out trucks and ambulances while decrying the Russian cruelty in preventing the aid from reaching the poor , innocent people of Aleppo .
No mention would have been made of the real reason for the airstrike , not one syllable uttered about the arms and supplies being ferried to the occupying forces in those ‘ aid convoys ' .
The suffering of the people of Aleppo has been at the hands of their occupiers , despite the strenuous efforts of the Western media to blame the Assad government and their Russian allies . Back in February , when the liberation of Aleppo began , Sputnik reported :
“ As always , the media began effusively writing about the crowds of people fleeing from the fighting and the advance of government forces . The only thing missing in the picture being painted were the images of the residents of the city 's Western neighborhoods , who welcomed the government troops as liberators . ”
This fraudulent reporting by the Western media had the desired effect in governmental circles , as Sputnik noted :
“ Deeply moved ” by the pictures appearing in Western media , “ US Secretary of State John Kerry immediately demanded that Russia halt the bombing of civilians. ” But “ the truth , ” Vernochet noted , “ is far more prosaic , because if the city of Aleppo is completely surrounded by government forces , the rebel supply corridor with Turkey will be cut . Specifically , [ it is about ] two roads , between Mayer-Azaz and Andan-Aleppo , through which the Salafist- Wahhabists receive reinforcements , weapons , and ammunition from the Turkish deep state . ”
As towns in Aleppo province have been liberated , the people have been describing the horror they have been living while their towns were held by “ opposition ” . Women were forced to veil themselves or be lashed and publicly humiliated . Children were murdered , accused of being “ spies ” .
The civilian population were deprived of medical aid , medicine , water and electricity . Many areas of Aleppo were held in captivity by US-backed “ opposition ” groups and these groups behaved exactly like ISIS in their cruelty and enforcement of Islamic Law .
People were often accused of crimes they did not commit and then punished via Islamic Law and Quranic doctrine ; hands were chopped off , people were immersed in boiling oil , others were set on fire , women were stoned to death , the list of mediaeval tortures and horrific public executions is very long and sickening indeed .
Harrowing stories such as this one reported today by Al-Alam convey something of the heart-wrenching truth :
Moussa , whose age no one can determine precisely , does not remember life before the war . After his entire family was murdered before his eyes , he walked alone for a day and a half before he was picked up by the Liwa al Quds militia , who then took him to Neirab Camp , a designated safe zone in Aleppo . “ They 're all dead . We were just walking , and the terrorists started to shoot at us , ” Moussa said . “ We started running until we got to a checkpoint , and they caught us there . They beat my parents and told me to go. ” Moussa said he witnessed his parents being slaughtered before he left , and then had to find his way out of the danger zone with bullets flying around him . “ I was walking in the street , where there were a lot of bodies , and then the snipers started to shoot at me . I ran behind a wall and got to a place where there were no snipers . Then I met a man who took me to Aleppo . ”
In stark contrast to this reality , the Western MSM kept feeding us a steady diet of lies about civilians being killed by the ‘ Assad regime ' and murderous airstrikes by the Russians that struck civilian targets such as schools and hospitals . In the last few days , this propaganda has stepped up a notch so that now we are being told that the ‘ Assad regime ' is committing genocide in Aleppo , rounding up and massacring civilians with utmost cruelty .
They keep citing highly dubious sources for these reports without ever troubling themselves to verify any of them with actual , legitimate journalists and human rights/aid groups on the ground in Aleppo .
This story published today by The Daily Beast is typical of the anti-Assad propaganda being spouted by the Western media : Last Rebels in Aleppo Say Assad Forces Are Burning People Alive
The Syrian Civil Defense , or White Helmets , an internationally renowned team of first responders , said more than 90 bodies of people presumed to be still alive are under debris and that its volunteer staff reported they could hear the voices of children trapped in the rubble of their houses . A member of the group in Aleppo told al-Arabiya TV on Monday night that men , women , and children were huddling and crying in the streets and at the gates of empty buildings in the few neighborhoods that remained in the hands of the opposition . He described the situation as hopeless , because precision munitions and indiscriminate barrel bombs had destroyed the city 's medical facilities , ambulances , and fuel supply . Unconfirmed reports , circulated by opposition media , suggest that mass atrocities have already begun , such as the summary executions of 17 in al-Kalaseh neighborhood , 22 in Bostan al-Kasrand , and the immolation of four women and nine children on al-Firdous Street . While The Daily Beast could not independently confirm these figures , the United Nations Human Rights Office ( UNHRO ) said that it had reliable evidence that 82 civilians had been shot dead by pro-regime forces — 11 of them women , 13 of them children . UNHRO spokesman Rupert Colville said at a press conference today , “ We 're filled with the deepest foreboding for those who remain in this last hellish corner ” of East Aleppo .
We are crying crocodile tears for Lena , queen of Syria 's own fake news . This may be her last video . We can only hope . While Lena is hiding in her cellar , the residents of Aleppo are in the streets celebrating their liberation , as reported by Al-Alam :
Aleppo streets have erupted in celebrations with people waving flags and shooting in the air as reports said the Syrian Army has taken control of the last militant-held areas in eastern part of the city , Alalam reporter reports from the ground .
Maybe Lena is right and it may well be time to hunt down the rats starting with those who aided in the hell the people of Aleppo were subjected to .
Syrian White Helmets
My list begins with the MI6/CIA organization known as the White Helmets , more fakes whose organization has overseen slaughter for almost 3 years , delivering ammunition and poison gas while begging for cash and putting out doctored videos and staged photographs . This group and all associated with it need to be declared terrorists and war criminals .
RT published a story in October that correctly identified this groups of frauds : Syrian White Helmets a ‘ terrorist support group & Western propaganda tool '
Created out of militants who invaded Aleppo , the Western-funded White Helmets is a terrorist support group fraudulently masquerading as a humanitarian organization to undermine Syrian government , says independent researcher and journalist Vanessa Beeley . The propaganda from the rebel-held eastern Aleppo is produced by a number of organizations and individuals who are sponsored by the West , with the White Helmets being the largest among them , Beeley told RT . But the White Helmets are not the heroes that the mainstream media is trying to make of them . “ This organization is a fraudulent shadow-state construct created by NATO to simply propagate the propaganda that will demonize Assad 's government and also demonize Russian legal intervention in Syria , ” said the journalist , who recently returned from Syria . “ From all the information that we 've received they are acting as terrorist support group , ” she added , “ in the sense of bringing equipment , arms , even funding , into Syria . ”
Beeley emphasized that the White Helmets were “ formed by a British [ consultant ] James Le Mesurier , in 2013 . They are trained by him . He has a background in private security work , including connection back to Blackwater , which is one of the best known private security firms that was used by the CIA… as an outreach assassination organization. ” “ They 're not trained in Syria , ” she added . “ They 're trained in Gaziantep in Turkey ; and then they 're implanted into areas like east Aleppo , areas that are under heavy conflict . ”
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
Next on our list is Osama Suleiman AKA Abdel Rami Rahman , cheerleader for ISIS and titular head of The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Suleiman has not been to Syria for 15 years , instead he has been living a comfortable existence in a suburb of Coventry , a city in the English Midlands .
Anonymous published an article back in 2015 that exposed the truth about the SOHR :
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights is quoted as though it were the most authoritative source of information to be found in Syria . Such “ luminaries ” as the Huffington Post , VICE , Reuters , CNN , Fox and nearly all of the mainstream media have been caught citing this website verbatim , without so much as questioning the reliability of this singular source . Only RT , being a Russian outlet and thus being the butt of a lot of the site 's accusations , seemed at least concerned enough about the authenticity of this source to conduct an investigation into discovering how this authority on all things Syrian had come to existence , and its process for deriving its very- “ authentic ” information . Abdel Rahman is the “ director ” of the SOHR , though it is quite uncertain if he actually has anyone to “ direct ” as nobody else is known to work for/with him . He works from his two-bedroom Coventry home in the UK ; this is why you keep seeing the Mainstream media call him a “ London-based monitoring group “ . It 's quite funny , really , calling this one man a “ London-based monitoring group ” in the same vein as The Red Cross .
Aside from the fiat monetary scam and bloodsoaked petrodollar , another significant source of funds for the Nazionist Khazarian Mafia is the “ healthcare ” industry which registered a whopping $ 3.09 trillion in 2014 , and is projected to soar to $ 3.57 trillion in 2017 , in the US alone . We believe that this is just a conservative figure .
We can all help the revolution by avoiding all Khazarian pharmaceutical drugs , defeat any viral attack and scaremongering , like the Zika virus , easily by knowing how to build our own comprehensive antiviral system . Find more about how we can kill three birds with one stone , right here .
Notice anything weird about your News Feed today ? Scores of users are confused by typically smarmy “ Friends on Facebook ” messages that are celebrating 46 years of friendship . It appears to be a Unix glitch of colossal proportions .
Do n't freak out . The world is not going to end because Facebook 's servers are confused about the New Year . In fact , as one developer points out , it 's most likely an issue with Unix time , also known as Epoch time . This system counts the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1 , 1970 , so there 's a good chance that an error might 've restarted the clock on this particular Facebook feature . ( That 's almost exactly 46 years ago . ) The glitch is not unlike the Y2K bug that hand-wringing sysadmins feared would crash computer systems around the world a decade and a half ago .
Advertisement
The precise explanation behind this timestamp kerfuffle remains unclear . However , another developer thinks he knows what happened . As Microsoft engineer Mark Davis explained on Facebook :
…to those of you unaware , the Unix Epoch ( aka the date that has an internal value of ‘ 0 ' on a Unix system ) is 1/1/1970 , which based on time zone adjustments , can become a random hour on 12/31/1969 . Which is 46 years ago today . Now , you might be wondering , so what ? Why is it in my Facebok feed ? Well , if you click on your “ memories ” page , you 'll see a subset of you friends listed as having a 46 year old Facebook memory today . Scrolling through my list , it 's the people I 've been friends with on Facebook for a very long time - chances are , the “ friends with since ” feature was implemented AFTER I became friends with those people . And as such , it 's stored in the database as ‘ 0 ' rather than the actual date . The developer who wrote the “ friends with since ” memories algorithm should have added a case ‘ WHERE friendsWithSinceDate ! = ‘ 0 ” or something along those lines . But they did n't so those people appear in today 's query .
Advertisement
In fewer words , somebody screwed up . The explanation makes good sense , too . The person in the screenshot from my own Facebook page is someone I 've been friends with since 2005 , well before this feature existed .
We 've reached out to Facebook for more information about the oopsie and will update this post when we hear back . In the meantime , Happy Nerdy New Year , nerds !
[ Greg Otto , Yuri Victor ]
Bill Murray Photo : Chris Pizzello/AP
“ I 've met you before . Where was it ? ” Bill Murray asked at the Toronto International Film Festival premiere of Hyde Park on Hudson . He plays a wheelchaired FDR hosting King George VI ( the one with the speech impediment ) at his upstate New York home on the eve of World War II . Waiters at the party passed out hot dogs , the common food FDR had served the royals . Murray passed out Twizzlers from his suit-jacket pocket . “ Want one ? ”
We actually had n't met formally , but this May , he 'd grabbed me out of a crowd at Moonrise Kingdom 's Cannes Film Festival premiere party to join him , his teenage co-stars , and about twenty others , including Tilda Swinton , in a rollicking , high-kicking dance circle . “ Oh , yeah , it was with the kids to ‘ Zorba the Greek . ' That was great , ” he recalled . “ We ran around in circles , and then it all went bad the next day. ” How so ? “ Stage moms . I 'm Bill , ” he reached out his hand . “ What were you doing in Cannes ? ”
“ I write for New York Magazine , ” I replied .
“ Ah , well , nobody 's perfect. ” He asked if I was coming to his press junket the next day ; I told him I was n't . “ See you tomorrow ! ” he replied . Was it an invitation ? A challenge ? Just him being polite ? The only thing to do , of course , was show up .
“ Oh , it 's you ! ” he said the next day in the hallway of his hotel , where he 'd just finished the junket and was cheerily signing a fan 's Stripes poster , even blowing on the ink for him . “ Okay , tell me your name again . ”
“ Jada . ”
“ I knew it . I was going to say Wanda , but I knew that was n't right . All the Wandas I 've ever met are crazy . Bonkers . ”
“ Excellent-crazy ? ”
“ No , the other crazy . Yeah , the not-so excellent crazy . If you were Wanda , I would 've gone like , ‘ Excuse me just a second , I 've got to find the fire escape . I 'm out of here . ' ” He walked away and disappeared for long enough that I was n't sure if he was coming back . Then he emerged , grinning , from around the corner and introduced me to his friend Marcus O'Hara .
O'Hara , brother to the actress Catherine , is an old pal of Murray 's from Second City and exactly what you 'd hope Bill Murray 's friends are like . He has floppy white hair and a bushy gray mustache and wore a button-down shirt with a floral vest printed on it , like a bohemian Colonel Sanders . Also pink thick-framed glasses . He said he was a dancer . ( He 's actually a promoter . )
“ Have you got something I have to put in my suitcase ? ” Murray asked the hallway at large . “ That 's the key question. ” Murray had “ just minutes ” to leave for the airport . “ I 've done most of the prepacking , the power-packing , and then I 've got a little bit more , and then I 'm done. ” Power-packing ? “ It 's like power-napping . It pretty much involves throwing it . Throwing it at it and zipping it up and seeing if you have the compression power to close the suitcase. ” He was feeling good about the packing situation but a little concerned because the studio rep charged with getting him home to South Carolina kept saying she had gifts for him , and other people were asking if he 'd gotten some big swag bag meant for him . “ Is there a new car ? Is there a toaster in it ? I do n't know . I 'm afraid . ”
O'Hara , at least , had brought CDs : a gift of acceptable size . “ This , ” Murray said , “ is a sensible man . ”
We stepped into the elevator , which was already filled with several men in bright-red jerseys . Murray recognized the logo : “ Are you on the Chicago soccer team ? ” They were set to play Toronto the next day . “ Do we hate them ? ” Murray asked . Yes , we do , replied player Arne Friedrich , originally from Germany . The elevator arrived at Murray 's floor . “ All right , kill them , ” he told the team . “ Beat them . No serious injuries , but definitely give them trouble . ”
He walked into his room with O'Hara and me and stepped on an envelope . “ Oh , I got mail ! ” he said . “ Someone from the Hollywood Foreign Press ? Who knows what it could be . Who knows ? ! Well , we could see. ” He opened the envelope — a DVD from an Italian lady — as I peppered him with questions , thinking that at any second I 'd be kicked out . He offered me a gigantic glass bottle of water , a box of chocolates , and a single Twizzler . Three emptied shots of 5-hour Energy sat on the nightstand . “ Well , that can be really fatiguing to do those five hours of journalism at a time , so I say , ‘ I need five hours ' worth of energy , ' and I do n't like to drink coffee through the whole thing for five hours , so I just sort of did that to , you know , disembody , ” he explained . His suitcase , sherbet orange and hard-shelled , lay open on the bed , colorful checked shirts strewn about it but mostly not in it . He was n't kidding about his packing technique .
There was a knock on the door . It was Friedrich , who 'd regretted not asking Murray for a picture earlier when he had the chance . They talked about Eric Clapton and Berlin . “ I 'm about to go shoot a movie with Wes Anderson in Germany , ” Murray said . “ If you see me in Germany , I 'll be working on a movie . ”
Friedrich left and Murray reentered the room . “ That 'll be nice , ” he said about Anderson 's The Grand Budapest Hotel . “ I have n't been to Germany in a long time. ” He particularly liked shooting Anderson 's Moonrise Kingdom . “ Those kids were a hoot . Those children ” — he adopts a Mary Poppins voice — “ They loved me ” — now back to normal — “ They were really nice kids , and , uh , to be a kid on one of those movies , how great is that ? They had the time of their lives. ” He shook his head . “ They think it 's all going to be like that , every movie 's going to be like that . ”
He looked around for a BlackBerry Curve he 'd been gifted so he could ask the studio rep how it worked . “ Wheeerrrre ? Where did I put it ? ” he sang . Instead , he found another envelope . “ This is my welcome letter . I just got it . Do you smoke cigarettes ? Here 's a really thin one. ” It was a crumpled Davidoff cigarette that looked like it had been bouncing around in his pocket for at least one wild and crazy night . I asked him if he made it , because odd things come out of your mouth when you 're around Bill Murray . “ No , I wish I were that talented , ” he said , amused . “ Someone gave me that . I want you to have that . ”
The studio rep hovered near me , indicating it was time to leave . I began my exit , but Murray motioned for me to stay . “ There 's a little hysteria , ” he said , then continued packing very slowly .
We talked about Hyde Park on the Hudson , and I asked how he would host the Queen if he met her . ( At first he mishears : “ Hose the queen ? ” ) Would he serve hot dogs ? “ I do n't think so . Although , actually , I make a better hot dog than Franklin Roosevelt could . I can make a Chicago-style hot dog where you use celery salt and sliced tomatoes and pickle and sliced onions . It 's really … I mean , that 's a serious hot dog . That 's a really serious hot dog . I can really make a great hot dog . Maybe I would do that . I make them for other people because they do n't know what that means , to have a Chicago hot dog . ”
He offered me another giant glass bottle of water . “ It 's a really cool bottle. ” It was enormous , with a half-inch-thick rim , and I had come by bike . I should have taken it . Instead , I remarked that it was extremely heavy . “ Well , it 's full of water , ” he said and smiled . “ That 's where almost all the weight comes from. ” He declared he was going to pour out the water and take it with him .
Why was he giving everything in his hotel room away ? “ Well , I hate to waste it . And , you know , everyone gets thirsty . ”
The studio rep emerged again . “ I just need to make sure you 're packing , ” she said .
“ I know , I know . This is packing , is it not ? This is packing. ” He was n't really packing . Italian goon accent : “ What ? This is n't packing ? I 'm not packinggggg ? ” Posh British accent : “ Ah you 're packing ? ”
Murray ripped open a box from Focus Features CEO James Schamus . “ It 's cash ! My God , it is cash ! ” he exclaimed , then got to the actual present . “ What the heck ? ” He pulled out what appeared to be an antique glass candy dish , the type you 'd leave on your drawing-room table to serve mints to the queen . Inside was a limited-edition wooden carving of FDR 's face , No . 967 out of 1,000 . “ What do you put in this thing ? ”
I mentioned my candy dish theory . He switched into a horror villain voice : “ Candy ? ? ? Hard candy , little girl . ”
He had an epiphany . “ Stamps . You could put stamps in there. ” In the movie , FDR used his stamp collection to woo his mistress , Daisy ( played by Laura Linney ) , actually a distant cousin , but not the distant cousin he married , Eleanor ( played by Olivia Williams ) . Was Murray aware of FDR 's ladies'-man reputation ? “ It was n't like he had exotic dancers . He had his kind of quiet , unassuming cousin . He was n't a flashy haberdasher , particularly . That did n't necessarily suit him . You do n't want someone that 's so outward , really . You want someone that 's able to receive something . ”
Murray has no such alluring collection . “ I 've got a few baseball cards . I do n't know who you 're pulling with those. ” Now , how to pack the jar ? “ Marcus , ” he said , turning to his friend , “ you were a Boy Scout , I suppose . A successful one , I can tell . ”
“ I joined everything and got kicked out of everything , ” O'Hara said , handing Murray a long rubber band , which pleased him very much .
“ You and me both , ” said Murray .
O'Hara : “ I was not a quitter . I was a fire-er . I got fired or kicked out . ”
Murray : “ I got kicked out of altar boys . I got kicked out of Boy Scouts . I got kicked out of Little League and reinstated. ” What did he do ? “ Oh , I got in a fight with some kid . Altar boys , you just got ta be late . ”
O'Hara : “ I lost more points at a [ Boy Scouts ] jamboree than anybody in history . I did every single thing you could do . I was just a clown . They were following me and writing up and taking so many points off of our troop . I was a one-man wrecking crew. ” Murray nodded approvingly .
The studio rep handed Murray his BlackBerry Curve , which she 'd found somewhere in the suite , and told him it was a prepaid phone . “ They do n't even make those anymore , ” Murray said , marveling . “ That 's what mine is , and when I got it reloaded , the guy 's like , ‘ Where did you get this ? We do n't even make that anymore . ' ”
Murray inquired after O'Hara 's other sister , the singer Mary Margaret . “ His sister is just , like , staggering , ” he told me . O'Hara started listing off her critical acclaim and bragged that she was in a film at the festival , Museum Hours . “ I 'm sorry , ” he said . “ I 'm selling my sister . ”
Murray , in a Mexican accent : “ My sister . She clean . ”
Mary Margaret had asked her brother to get Murray 's e-mail address , since last time he wrote it down for her she could n't read it . “ My e-mail address ? I doubt I gave her an e-mail address , ” Murray said . Marcus clarified ; Murray had actually given her a bunch of phone numbers . That sounded more like it . “ Eh , what 's the difference ? She never calls , ” said Murray . “ What 's your last name , Jada ? ”
“ Yuan . ”
“ Like Y-U-A-N ? ”
“ Yeah . It 's Chinese . ”
“ Muy bien . How did you get that name ? ”
“ My dad . ”
“ Just lucky , I guess. ” He started speaking Korean — garbled , I 'm told ( roughly translated : “ I love you . Lend me some money ” ) . “ That 's all I got , Asian-wise . ”
He told O'Hara to take me to his sister 's movie : “ Marcus will take care of Jada. ” As I left , Murray was packing up two gallon-size Ziploc bags of toiletries . I reached out to shake his hand . He brushed it away and gave me a hug . “ We 'll see you in London at the next big one , ” he said , referring to the movie 's British premiere . “ You ca n't miss that one . That 's the big one , ” he said . Otherwise we 'd have the New York Film Festival . “ See you in New York ! ”
* This is an expanded version of an article that originally appeared in the October 1 , 2012 issue of New York Magazine .
A standoff ended Sunday with the arrest of man who investigators say stabbed his roommate .
Several people called the Orange County Sheriff 's Office to report hearing gunshots at Colonial Pointe apartments , 2300 Eon Circle , about 3:10 a.m .
When deputies arrived , a man told them his roommate had cut him with a knife , pointed a handgun at him and his girlfriend and would n't let them leave their apartment , the Sheriff 's Office said .
The roommate and his girlfriend managed to get away and call 911 .
About 10 a.m. , Jabez Amilcar Aguilar , 23 , and two other people whose identities were not released emerged from the apartment just as a SWAT team was getting ready to go inside .
Aguilar was arrested on charges of possession of a firearm by a felon , aggravated battery with a weapon and false imprisonment with a weapon and mask . He was being held without bail late Sunday at the Orange County Jail .
Investigators said Aguilar fired a gun several times outside the apartment before deputies arrived , but no one was hurt .
Aguilar was released from prison last year after serving a sentence of about one year for felony battery and selling marijuana in Osceola County .
While Florida certainly has plenty of room to improve on issues of equality , the truth is that `` equality '' is a constantly moving target . Racial equality is probably a list-topper , but it is not alone . We need to do better on plenty of other issues of equality - gender , economic , and education come quickly to mind .
What we do n't need is manufactured inequality . And that seems to be what 's happening in Tallahassee , as Al Sharpton leads a march over the issue of the state 's stand your ground law .
Whether or not you agree with it , it is a law . And by the simple nature of deadly force being a key component of it , it is and will continue to be controversial .
But the march in Tallahassee is misleading in its message , and likely its intent . The family of Trayvon Martin is center stage there and we certainly feel for their loss .
But neither Trayvon Martin 's nor Jordan Davis ' deaths were caused by stand your ground . They were caused by a couple of idiots with or without racial prejudices .
The stand your ground defense was n't used in either high-profile case . Both were tried on simple self-defense . Agree with the verdict or not , but the outcome had nothing to do with the stand your ground law .
The Tampa Bay Times did a study two years ago of 200 stand your ground cases . The numbers are a little dated , but interesting . And it 's unlikely the trends noted have changed much in the interim . But , in a nutshell , the study found that :
� People who killed a black person walked free 73 percent of the time and those who killed a white person went free 59 percent of the time .
� Whites who invoked the stand your ground law were charged at the same rate as blacks .
� Whites who went to trial were convicted at the same rates as blacks .
� In mixed-race cases involving fatalities , the outcomes were similar . Four of the five blacks who killed a white went free . Five of the six whites who killed a black went free .
� Overall , black defendants went free 66 percent of the time in fatal cases compared to 61 percent for white defendants .
Of note here is that the researchers believed that the number of walks were higher for blacks because they were more likely to kill another black person .
And they cautioned against drawing hard conclusions from the data because the cases were complicated and had some overlap .
But what the study does seem to show is that stand your ground benefits defendants a majority of the time and it matters little , if any , what color the shooter or the victim was .
Society may not yet be colorblind , but stand your ground seems to be .
It should not be a rallying point for racial grandstanding .
Richard Ayoade , star of Channel 4 sitcom The IT Crowd and writer-director of the well-received indie comedy Submarine , looks set to be the latest British comic to be making moves in Hollywood after signing on for a role in Ben Stiller 's new film .
Neighbourhood Watch is a sci-fi comedy about a man ( Stiller ) who joins a local anti-crime group after leaving the big city for life in the supposedly quiet suburbs . The screenplay is by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg , the writing team behind Superbad and recent comicbook caper The Green Hornet .
Ayoade will play a recent divorcee , Jamarcus , who 's a member of the group . The part was previously earmarked for Chris Tucker , the one-time $ 20m-a-movie man who has not appeared in a film since 2007 's Rush Hour 3 .
In the movie 's central conceit , the men of the Watch uncover a sinister conspiracy in the course of their duties . Vince Vaughn , Jonah Hill and Rosemarie Dewitt are also on board , while Hot Rod 's Akiva Schaffer is to direct .
Hetalia , beloved short-format animation series , entered its sixth season this year with Hetalia : The World Twinkle . Watanabe Hiroshi , director , gives us some insight behind the scenes of this hilarious show . This is Part 1 of 2
Hiroshi Watanabe
Director of Hetalia : The World Twinkle .
Took the helm directing Hetalia : The Beautiful World , taking over for Bob Shirohata .
Previous works include :
Fist of the North Star ( 1986 ) : Key Animation
Video Girl Ai ( 1992 ) : Director , Executive Producer
The Law of Ueki ( 2006 ) : Director
Interviewer : First , please let us know how you felt when it was decided you would make a sixth season of Hetalia .
Watanabe : I had a lot of fun working on the previous season , so I thought that I 'd like to do it if they started it up again . Thanks to this work , I 've gained a lot of interest in foreign countries , and learned a lot of various things . So I was extremely happy to have been asked to direct the sixth season .
Interviewer : I heard that you went on a tour of Europe after the wrap-up of the fifth season . What did you think ?
Watanabe : Europe has many streets lined with old buildings full of centuries of history , many of which resembled scenes we depicted in Hetalia . As I walked , I 'd often imagine what the Hetalia characters would do if they were there in the same time and place I was .
Interviewer : After having been to the real place , was there anything that reflects your experiences in the new series ?
Watanabe : You ca n't understand the atmosphere of a country without going there to experience it yourself , so I do n't think I could reflect what I felt when I was there well in the anime . The character designer , Mariko Oka , had been to Europe many times , and so we used many of her photos of English scenery and such as reference photos . The scenes of Mont Saint Michel in the fifth season were also made using her pictures as reference .
Interviewer : Did you have any thoughts on the direction this season will take ?
Watanabe : This time around there 's a lot of distinctive sound and graphic effects in the comic . We went through a lot of trial and error to test how we should depict them in the show . Some things do n't come across well with just SE ( sound effects ) or voices , and we could n't reproduce them . One idea a staff had been to show the sound effect by inserting the speech bubbles drawn in the original manga . So we then started trying to use the original drawings whenever possible during production . But it turns out that the written effects became too distracting , ｓo we decided that we could n't just add in sound effects speech bubbles without making sure they were n't independent of each other . Conversely , it was difficult to connect them together . Because I had to think about and fix these issues , I started to like sound production . It was interesting to try and get the right sounds to be represented . If there was a sound effect that we did n't think we could do , we 'd generally ask the voice actor for that character how they would perform it . ( laughs )
Interviewer : The scene where England drinks tea elegantly with the sound effect “ sawayaigi- ” is funny even though it 's just Noriyuki Sugiyama saying it .
Watanabe : I did n't know how to portray that part , so I asked Noriyuki-san to take care of it . ( laughs )
Interviewer : I see ! You mentioned her name before , but as the director , what do you think is attractive about Oka-san 's drawings ?
Watanabe : Oka-san is a huge Hetalia fan herself , so the love she feels for the characters really shows through her art . You ca n't tell from a single glance , but if you compare the current art , where she 's taking care of all the designs , to the past works , there 's a kind of thickness to the current one . The anime fans are probably the most familiar with the show , but she finds ways to please the original manga 's fans as well , to keep everyone happy . Oka-san has saved me several times during production , so I 'm very grateful .
Interviewer : Was there anything that stuck in your mind from your talks with Oka-san before starting production ?
Watanabe : There were a lot of times where I had to ask Oka-san “ What 's going on here ” when I could n't follow the flow of the story . ( laughs ) At those times , Oka-san would pull up old blog posts by Hetalia 's manga author Hidemaruya-san , saying , “ this because of this. ” I feel I was only able to make this production with her helpful explanations .
This interview was translated from Japanese .
The original was published in volume 4 of spoon.2Di July 31 , 2015
The second half of this interview is coming soon ! Hetalia fans , keep an eye out !
Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Ala. , is not backing away from his earlier claim that the Democratic Party is waging a “ war on whites , ” accusing his opponents on Tuesday of intentionally stoking racial tensions in the U.S .
Brooks told NewsmaxTV 's Steve Malzberg on Tuesday that the Democratic Party is keeping America divided along racial lines and — in doing so — has normalized the persecution of whites .
“ What is the one race that can be discriminated against ? … All whites , ” Brooks said , adding that white people are treated differently than other races under federal law and that there is real evidence of “ reverse discrimination . ”
Brooks ' path to the “ war on whites ” began when he said in a radio interview Monday that Democrats have made it part of their election strategy to discriminate against white people in America .
“ This is a part of the war on whites that 's being launched by the Democratic Party , ” Brooks said . “ And the way in which they 're launching this war is by claiming that whites hate everybody else . It 's part of the strategy that Barack Obama implemented in 2008 , continued in 2012 , where he divides us all on race , on sex , greed , envy , class warfare , all those kinds of things . Well , that 's not true . ”
Brooks ' remarks were made in response to National Journal 's Ron Fournier , who said that `` the fastest-growing voting bloc in this country thinks the Republican Party hates them . This party , your party , can not be the party of the future beyond November if you 're seen as the party of white people . ”
Brooks also said that almost every racial demographic in America supports the GOP 's efforts to secure the border .
“ It does n't make any difference if you 're a white American , a black American , a Hispanic-American , an Asian-American or if you 're a woman or a man . Every single demographic group is hurt by falling wages and lost jobs , ” he said .
“ Democrats , they have to demagogue on this and try and turn it into a racial issue , which is an emotional issue , rather than a thoughtful issue , '' he added . `` If it becomes a thoughtful issue , then we win , and we win big . And they lose , and they lose big . ”
Following his interesting radio remarks , Brooks released the following statement :
As best I can in the time limitations I have , I try to make sure people understand what the Democrats are doing by raising race as an issue every chance they get , '' he said . `` It 's much like the congressmen during the ( immigration ) debate on Friday : Democrat after Democrat was talking racism and race . And the motivation for their doing so was to try to cause bloc voters of race to vote solely on skin color . I 'm one of those who does not believe in racism and I believe everyone should be treated equally American citizens . It 's high time folks started calling out the Democrats for their racial appeals . Certainly if you were to flip the coin and a white person were to say vote for me because I 'm white , it would be an uproar and deservedly so . So why do we allow blacks to say vote for me because I 'm black or Hispanics vote for me because I 'm Hispanic ? Race is immaterial and everybody ought to be treated the same .
Still , even with his supposedly clarifying statement , Brooks ' NewsmaxTV appearance reveals he 's still pretty invested in this “ war on whites ” deal .
A concealed carry permit holder stopped an attempted mass shooting outside Playoffz nightclub on June 27 .
According to WISTV , the Spartanburg County Sheriff 's Office says that around 3:30 a.m. in Spartanburg , South Carolina , “ 32-year-old Jody Ray Thompson pulled out a gun after getting into an argument with another man. ” He reportedly “ fired several rounds toward a crowd that had gathered out in front of the club . ”
Thompson shot and wounded three people when he opened fire . The individual who would have been his fourth target , an unnamed concealed permit holder , ended the incident by pulling his own gun and shooting Thompson .
The defensive shot was not fatal , but it ended Thompson 's spree .
Lt. Kevin Bobo stressed that the man who stopped the attempted mass shooting “ has a valid concealed weapon permit … and wo n't be facing any charges . ”
Thompson is now lodged in the Spartanburg County Detention Center . He is charged with “ four counts of attempted murder , possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime , and unlawful carrying of a weapon . ”
Breitbart News reported that a concealed carry permit holder stopped an attempted mass shooting in a Philadelphia barbershop on March 22 , 2015 . The concealed permit holder was outside the shop , heard gunfire , ran toward the sound , and killed the gunman . On April 20 , 2015 , an Uber driver with a concealed carry permit stopped an attempted mass shooting in Chicago , Illinois .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
WHY THE SHELL NOT ? White House to Shell : Arctic drilling ? Go right ahead
In today 's WHYWHYWHY news : The White House just gave Royal Dutch Shell 's Arctic oil-drilling plans a go-ahead — with conditions . The New York Times explains :
The Obama administration gave conditional approval on Monday to allow Shell Gulf of Mexico , Inc. to start drilling for oil and gas in the Arctic Ocean this summer . The approval is a major victory for Shell and the rest of the petroleum industry , which has sought for years to drill in the remote waters of the Beaufort and Chukchi seas , which are believed to hold vast reserves of oil and gas . “ We have taken a thoughtful approach to carefully considering potential exploration in the Chukchi Sea , recognizing the significant environmental , social and ecological resources in the region and establishing high standards for the protection of this critical ecosystem , our Arctic communities , and the subsistence needs and cultural traditions of Alaska Natives , ” Abigail Ross Hopper , director of the Interior Department 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , said in a statement . … The Interior Department 's approval of the drilling was conditional on Shell 's receiving approval of a series of remaining drilling permits for the project .
Though the feds have caved , Seattle city officials are still trying to gum up Shell 's Arctic operations . The oil giant wants to use the city 's port as a hub for its drilling efforts to the north , and many Seattleites , including the mayor and some city council members , are saying no way . Port officials have already approved Shell 's plans to base equipment in Seattle , but Mayor Ed Murray announced last week that the port must reapply for a new city land-use permit . So there 's that small line of defense , but Seattle ca n't stop Shell all on its own .
Has the Interior Department never heard of Shell 's last spectacular oil-drilling fuck-up in the Chukchi Sea ? Does it know a Shell oil rig already failed a Coast Guard inspection even before starting its trek up to the Arctic ? ? Is it aware that all of the Arctic 's oil reserves must stay in the ground to prevent potential climate disaster ? ? ?
Oh . It is ? … And it 's still giving Shell 's plan two thumbs up ?
Fan-fucking-tastic .
The long awaited sequel of “ Fallen Kingdom ” and “ Take Back the Night ” is here , 18 months later , in the form of “ Find the Pieces ” — A Minecraft Original Music Video .
Let us know what you think in the comments !
Credits :
Modeling , rigging , animation , post production , and effects by Bootstrap Buckaroo :
http : //www.youtube.com/user/DigBuildLive
“ Pieces ” written and performed by TryHardNinja : http : //www.youtube.com/user/TryHardNinja
Animation by Slamacow Creations : http : //www.youtube.com/user/SlamacowC…
Audio production by Peter Litvin : http : //www.PeterLitvinMusic.com
Intro and outro sound by Dan Pugsley : http : //www.danpugsley.co.uk/
Animation and modeling by Weedlion : https : //www.youtube.com/user/WeedLion…
Animation by Mama 's Boy : https : //www.youtube.com/user/2CODlosers
Some sets by FyreUK : https : //www.youtube.com/user/FyreUK
Vocal engineering by The Jerry Farley
Animated , directed , and produced by CaptainSparklez : http : //www.youtube.com/user/CaptainSp…
Lyrics :
The city it runs cold today
Sunshine it is shining grey
[ Pre-chorus ]
And I wish I could dig straight down
Black it all away
But in the dark there 's still a sound
And nothing changed
[ Chorus ]
Do n't know if I have ever heard you sing but I hear it
Hear it , hear it , hear it , hear it ,
Do n't know if I have ever held your hand but I seek it
Seek it , seek it , seek it , seek it
Do n't know if I have ever loved but I feel it
Put the puzzle back together see what I 'm dreaming
When I find the pieces
Do n't know if I have ever loved but I feel it
Put the puzzle back together see what I 'm dreaming
When I find the pieces
Faces echo with no names
Strangers feel like home but fade
[ Pre-chorus ]
[ Chorus ]
WINNIPEG – Kicker Justin Medlock and offensive lineman Stanley Bryant will remain Winnipeg Blue Bombers after finalizing a restructured of their contracts .
Both players were set to become free agents next month . The team renegotiated their deals this past season to provide salary cap relief .
“ Once we started getting a few injuries , I approached those two guys and asked if they would mind just changing a couple things around , ” said Bombers general manager Kyle Walters in November . “ They were more than happy to help out . ”
RELATED : Busy off-season awaits Winnipeg Blue Bombers G.M . Kyle Walters
Medlock was named the CFL 's top special teams player in 2016 following a record-breaking season . The 33-year-old set a new league mark by hitting 60 of his 68 field goal attempts . He also broke the Bombers ' record for most points in a season with 227 .
Bryant has started every game since initially signing with the Bombers in 2015 . With his help , Winnipeg finished this past season tied for third in the league in sacks allowed with 35 .
The Bombers now have 18 players who can become free agents on Feb. 14 .
Buy Photo Spectators hold Indiana state flags during the Hoosier Homecoming bicentennial celebration at the Indiana Statehouse , Indianapolis , Saturday , October 15 , 2016 . ( Photo : Jenna Watson/IndyStar ) Buy Photo
Dear John or Eric :
Congratulations ! I 'm writing this ahead of the election , so I do n't know which of you I 'm addressing , but in either case I know it 's to a good man who loves Indiana and will work hard to make us an ever better state .
I 'm purposely writing this now because its suggestion is politically and philosophically neutral , applying equally to either of you . My appeal is that , alongside the new policies and programs on which you campaigned , you assign top priority to the usually neglected task of making day-to-day government operate effectively in everything it does .
There are reasons for all the jokes about government . Public services , at all levels of government , are most often wretched , and there are several obvious causes . First , many leaders come to office with little experience actually managing complex organizations like Indiana 's $ 15 billion government , spread across scores of departments and agencies . Too often , top talent can not be attracted to government jobs that provide neither high salaries nor what looks like inspiring work . Careers and campaigns are n't built around the mundane subject of making the trains run on time ; virtually no credit occurs when things work well , and the media only pay attention when the inevitable mistakes happen .
Most fundamentally , government is a monopoly , the ultimate monopoly , and monopolies by their nature overcharge and underserve their customers . They ca n't go out of business no matter how badly they perform , and without competition or the profit motive to spur quality service , they almost never deliver it . I 've known many elected officials who , if they thought about it at all , took the defeatist attitude that nothing much can be done and that lousy service is the best one can expect .
But that 's unacceptable . Taxpayers deserve not just decent performance from their hired hands in government , they deserve excellence . And with the right approaches , they can have it .
Hoosiers have seen proof . Between 2005 and 2012 , our administration relentlessly pursued efficient , effective services , and continuous improvement every year , across every part of state government . I could list dozens of examples , but just for illustration :
The Department of Revenue cut in half the time it takes for a citizen owed a tax refund to receive it .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Hoosier Politics newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong What 's happening in politics across Indiana . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Thu Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Hoosier Politics Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
The Department of Environmental Management wiped out a 552-case backlog of permit applications , many sitting for years , and acted on new ones in national-record time . Every one of those applications reduced the amount of pollution allowed far below the levels of the previous permits , which were often decades old .
The Department of Child Services , formerly buried in a monstrous social welfare department , was under federal sanctions for excessive caseloads and alarming rates of child abuse . Carved out as its own agency for direct oversight by the governor , and with added funding , within four years it won the Annie Casey Foundation 's award as the nation 's most improved child welfare agency .
And need I even mention the Bureau of Motor Vehicles ? By now , excruciating three-hour waits and repeat visits due to customer service foulups are a fading memory , something our Purdue students have only heard about from their parents . Today , one has the frequent experience of hearing from a new arrival to Indiana what a miracle it is to deal with our BMV , which began winning national and international awards as the nation 's best starting in 2008 , after a total rebuild .
So how can private sector-like service levels be delivered by a monopoly ? Here are a few recommendations :
1 . You simply have to recruit unusual talent to lead each agency . These people will almost never be found in your campaign office or leading a local party committee . There are places for these loyalists but not in executive line positions . Similarly , there are spots for smart lawyers , but rarely do their skills match what you 'll need in charge of an agency . You have to sell people who do not need or covet the job on joining you in the noble endeavor of serving their fellow citizens . Appeal to their idealism , and their love of Indiana . Or get them to give you “ just a couple years ” . ( It 's a trick ; after they 've caught the spirit and enjoyed the satisfaction of making government work better for their fellow citizens , you can get them to re-up ! )
2 . Measure everything . As I redundantly told my administration teammates , “ If you 're not keeping score , you 're just practicing. ” It 's especially crucial to do so in government , because if you do n't , no one else will . In business , the world keeps score whether you like it or not : sales , profits , market shares , and stock prices go up or down , based on your performance , but in government that accountability must be implanted . We kept track of key metrics for every activity , large or small ; my last week in office , I was still checking the average visit time in BMV branches ( it was 9 ½ minutes , by the way ) .
3 . Then reward good performance and vice versa . The Civil Service Reform Act of 2011 , the first update in 70 years , gave Indiana the only performance-based state government in the country . Every employee except those paid with federal dollars is evaluated annually and pay increases can vary widely depending on how good a job each does . When a branch manager knows that her job and salary level depends on response times or the satisfaction ratings of her customers , good things start to happen .
4 . Most important , you have to care , and show it . I have known former state agency heads who say they never saw the governor . Do n't be that guy ; meet personally and regularly with your line leaders , at least once a month for the major departments , and maybe quarterly with smaller units . Better yet , get out of the office and go visit the good men and women who are doing the actual work . You 'll learn a lot , and they 'll know you appreciate their good results .
Effective government performance is possible . By 2008 , our state was rated “ The Most Improved State Government in America ” by CNBC . But it 's still government , with all its natural imperfections . Things can always be better , the bar can always be raised . And it would n't take long for good service to erode . By now , some folks in our state have forgotten what really bad government looks like ; let 's not start reminding them .
I 've always believed there was a reason beyond basic duty to work hard at good everyday service . When we allow government to become a joke , or worse still to become resented by citizens for its incompetence and arrogance , we weaken the public confidence on which our system rests . Hoosiers will be more likely to join you on your Next Big Thing if they can tell you have done your best to take care of all the lesser tasks . Best of luck ; I 'll be rooting for you as hard as anyone .
Mitch Daniels , president of Purdue University , governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2012 .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/2fiuLiX
Dave Tosh , from the School of Biological Sciences at Queen 's University University , found the greater white-toothed shrew in Tipperary and Limerick while working with University College Cork and BirdWatch Ireland . Its natural range is in parts of Africa , France and Germany and before now the closest it has been spotted to Ireland is in the Channel Islands .
As part of his PhD , Dave was studying the diet of the Barn Owl in Ireland . Last winter John Lusby , Barn Owl Research Officer from Bird Watch Ireland , sent him pellets ( regurgitated food remains ) from owls in Tipperary and Limerick to help with the study .
Dave explained : `` It was amongst a batch that I was about to dry in an oven , that I noticed a very large shrew skull .
`` Having looked at hundreds of pellets from Ireland already I knew that what I was looking at was very unusual as our native pygmy shrew is very small in comparison .
`` I ended up looking through more and more pellets and discovered more and more of the strange shrew skulls . ''
In March seven greater white-toothed shrews were trapped at four locations in Tipperary and their existence has just been recorded in the scientific journal Mammal Review .
Professor Ian Montgomery , Head of the School of Biological Sciences at Queen 's , says the animal is likely to have been introduced recently to Ireland and the discovery of a new mammal species in Ireland is extremely rare .
`` Most species which occur in Ireland also occur in Britain but the nearest this species of shrew has been found is on the Channel Islands and the Scilly Isles .
`` These records are evidence of at least one recent introduction event , probably accidental , from continental Europe to Ireland and has resulted in a rapid increase in numbers over a short period . ''
The discovery , however , raises issues related to ecological impact and control which need to be further researched . While the shrew is likely to sustain threatened birds of prey including the barn owl , it could lead to the loss of small native mammals including the pygmy shrew .
# # #
About a year ago , Emma and I decided we wanted to visit Belgium and drink all of their beer and eat all of their cheese and all of their chocolate , but given the potential adverse effects on our health we wondered if there was a way to do it by bike .
We googled something along the lines of “ Beer and cycling in Belgium ” . Top result : Beercycling.com .
Well that was easy .
After some back and forth with Beer Cycling founder Evan Cohan , our money was paid and our trip booked . A 10 day “ Flanders Adventure ” tour .
Two doubts crept into our minds in the lead up . The first being that I tend to feel a little bit defeated if I do an organised tour . Like I 'm admitting I 'm incapable of doing things such as booking a hotel and visiting a brewery by myself . However I 'm the first to admit that I 'm far from an expert on Belgium and organising a cycling trip… in Belgium .
The other doubt was “ what sort of annoying weirdos will be on the trip too ” , but the more I thought about it , the more I realised that they would probably be “ my sort of annoying weirdos ” .
Before I jump into details I will make it clear that any concerns were completely unfounded , the trip itself exceeded any expectations and it did n't take long before the bunch of strangers became a bunch of people we enjoyed drinking with every day ( and neither annoying nor weirdos ) .
Anyway , lets talk about the non-beer stuff first .
The Cycling
Very easy .
Belgium is flat , traffic cares about cyclists and the tour is paced fairly well . We had a day off ( in Bruges ) in the middle and the last two days were only about 20km . I did probably half of it in my jandals ( thongs/flip flops/sandals depending on where you were bought up ) , so that gives an idea of how strenuous it is n't .
It was a lovely cruise amongst fields of corn and potato ( and sometimes hops ) , under wind-turbines , next to canals , behind houses and through the cycle friendly cities of Bruges and Ghent .
The bikes themselves are heavy cruisers , with two panniers for your clothes and any beers you pick up along the way . While it does n't sound like a lot , we came back to Australia with 16 bottles of beer which were all stored in the panniers over the journey . If anything , we probably packed too many clothes as a couple of tshirts , shorts and your “ delicates ” are probably all that is needed . If you 're like me , you 'll probably pick up a few t-shirts as you go also .
While they are n't the raciest bikes , once they get going they stay going . Great for heading down a hill , not so great for trying to do a sweet move when parking .
The accommodation
Wifi provided at most ( all ? I forget now ) places for free and breakfast was included each day . Most were business hotels with a couple of notable exceptions . One , Hotel de Brouwerij , which is family run , has a great beer list , and offered an impromptu sour tasting for the group after dinner .
Another was Hotel Cordoearier , where the rooms feel like a business hotel , clean and comfortable , but the attached beer cafe has a beer list that makes it worth the visit even if you are n't staying . Check it out here : http : //www.cordoeanier.be/blog/beermenu-bierlijst/
I should also mention the B & B next to St Bernardus . An amazing mansion where they have an “ honour bar ” which is a few fridges full of the St Bernardus beers . Help yourself and put your money in the jar . Then wake up the next morning for a tour of the brewery .
The beer and breweries
One of the more interesting revelations from the trip is that Belgium can be a bit of a den of lies .
Some histories are n't quite what they seem , and why do they need to harvest all that yeast if they use spontaneous fermentation ? That hopfield next door that is in all their marketing is probably owned by someone else , and can it really be the original recipe if you are now just putting holes in a tin of hop extract and throwing it into the boil ?
The good thing is that amongst all of these lies , it 's the truth that is always most interesting .
St Bernardus ferment all of their beers right on 26 degrees celsius ( surprisingly high even for Belgian yeast strains ) . De Dolle 's mashtun and cool ship look like they have n't been cleaned in decades , and even a brewery the size of Van Steenberge ( Piraat & Guden Draak , amongst others ) is still very much family owned and operated… oh and Emma fell into their pond .
I wo n't run through the tour day by day – although I 'm sure I 'll bore anyone who asks me over a few beers with all sorts of uninteresting details – but there were occasions on this trip that would make any beer geek weep with joy .
Like tasting a 1987 Liefmans Goudenband right after trying their 2006 Kriek from the conditioning tank ( for those visiting Liefmans soon , make inquiries about their vintages ; apparently they are throwing them out because they do n't think they are worth drinking and need the space ) .
Maybe a De Dolle sour right from the barrel – both the commercial version and the one they only use for blending ?
How about finding a vending machine next to the bike path that has Westmalle Tripel and then realising it has Westmalle glasses in a container next to it ?
Getting Westvleteren for takeaway even though officially none were available , or tasting a Cantillon Fou Foune that had only been fermenting for 8 days .
I can put all of these experiences down to the reputation Evan has built in his four years doing Beer Cycling and that reputation is obviously getting his tours access that , unless you 've spent a considerable amount of time in Belgium , you will not be able to attain .
Summary
I could crap on for hours about the beer , the characters , the scenery , the differences between tiny cupcakes and madeleines , and the picnic lunches ; but as I realise I 'm coming close to 1500 words I 'll try to sum it all up .
If you are interested in Belgium beer but do n't know where to start then just sign up for one of these . I ca n't think of a better way it could be done and Emma has already said she wants to do another of their tours .
The guides , Evan and Gerrit , were awesome and helpful and the line between them being tour guides or people up for a beer and a chat was
non-existent .
Being such a niche tour the people on it were also brilliant . I guess if someone wants to spend their holiday riding around Belgium and drinking good beer , then they are probably good people . This trip did nothing to prove that wrong .
I 've put some of my pics along the way but the rest are on my flickr .
One thing I should mention before I finish – while the group got a bottle of Westvleteren each , there were two in the box that did n't survive the journey , unfortunately that resulted in Emma and I are returning with only one bottle ( voluntarily , the other to miss out was Gerrit , but apparently his friend has 2 cases so he did n't seem too miffed ) . So any of those on our tour who read this and plan on passing through Melbourne , feel free to bring us a beer or two from your land as a thank-you .
The membership of the state 's governing body for high school sports narrowly voted Monday morning to separate public and non-public schools for the sport of football only — a groundbreaking and controversial decision that could forever change the face of New Jersey high school sports .
The vote passed by a majority count of 215-128 with two abstentions .
Starting in 2016 and pending approval by the state 's education commissioner , New Jersey 's non-public schools that play football will be separated into their own statewide conference . The new conference will determine its bylaws , constitution , schedules , divisions and structure .
MORE : 10 things to know about historic NJSIAA vote
Non-public and public schools can still play each other during the regular season , but only if both teams agree to the matchup . The current playoff structure will remain largely the same .
Although the vote passed , some schools expressed frustration over the decision .
`` I will recommend to our principal that we take our issue right to the end ( the commissioner of education ) , '' Donovan Catholic athletic director Joe Gmulka said . `` I think this is only the beginning of the battle . ... I would expect there to be some kind of litigation from our end . ''
Some non-public officials said they will wait to see what determination is made by the education commissioner .
Red Bank Catholic athletic director Joe Montano , for one , was defiant over Monday 's decision .
`` I might go to the Shore Conference and ask for a resolution stating they wanted Red Bank Catholic in their league , '' Montano said . `` Then I 'll send that to the NJSIAA and tell them we 're not going anyplace . Let 's see what they 're going to do about it .
“ When has the NJSIAA ever told a member school you ca n't play in this conference or in this sport in that league ? '' Montano continued . `` Now the NJSIAA is saying you ca n't play Jackson in football ? The NJSIAA has always always allowed the conferences to do their own thing . ''
Other coaches and administrators said the time has come for separation and they were hopeful a split will benefit New Jersey football .
`` I think it 's a plus for parochial school football , '' Seton Hall Prep coach Vito Campanile said . `` It 's just going to make the competition even better on this side of the fence . The most competitive kids are going to want to play at the highest level of football . The record shows the parochial schools have been pretty good and to watch those games , it 's really a high level of football . ”
Monday 's landmark decision is the result of years of trouble brewing between the state 's public and non-public schools . To date , some public schools have been forced to play non-public schools during the regular season , despite having drastically different pools from which they draw students . Public schools have defined , geographic boarders , while non-public schools can accept students from anywhere .
In recent years , several prominent non-public schools such as Don Bosco Prep , Bergen Catholic , St. Peter 's Prep and Paramus Catholic have become national football powerhouses , and some public schools have said the playing field is not even and they only want to compete against like-minded opponents .
`` It just was n't a level playing field , '' Ramapo coach Drew Gibbs said . `` It 's one thing when one school can draw from a geographical area and the other school can draw from the tri-state area . It 's apples and oranges . I know that our kids and many of the kids that we play have the same commitment and dedication to football is the same as at parochial schools . That 's all comparable , but the talent level and the depth of talent just is not . ”
Also , some public schools administrators have alleged for years non-public schools have an unfair advantage by being able to entice student athletes from all over to their programs .
Bergen Catholic coach Nunzio Campanile said if the state 's non-public schools can work together , a statewide conference can work .
`` It 's going to take a lot of collaboration , '' Nunzio Campanile said . `` But if everyone is open-minded about it , everyone will recognize that as Catholic schools , we 're more alike than we are different so that gives us an opportunity to set schedules up in a manner for everyone to excel . ”
Earlier this year , the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association re-convened a special public/non-public committee to examine issues plaguing the state . The committee 's most significant recommendation was a proposal to split public and non-public schools for football .
The state had been largely divided on the issue . South Jersey schools had been against a split , saying their public and non-public schools coexist pleasantly . Meanwhile , North Jersey schools have argued change is necessary .
Now , change has come .
The NJSIAA bylaw change will move to the education commissioner for approval . A decision is expected in the coming weeks or months .
NJ Advance Media staff writers Joe Zedalis , Pat Lanni and Jeremy Schneider contributed to this report .
Matthew Stanmyre may be reached at mstanmyre @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ MattStanmyre . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
How people unmask passwords
Klaus Schaefers Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 10 , 2016
Lately I have been reading some articles about the benefits of showing passwords in cleartext instead of masking them . All articles agree that masking password does not increase security , and has a very negative impact on the usability , in particular on mobile devices . Jakob Nielsen has published about the matter , and also Luke Wroblewski wrote two very interesting articles about the subject and illustrates them with some nice examples .
Nowadays , most websites and apps show therefore the password by default in cleartext or provide the possibility to unmask the characters . The toggling between the states is normally solved by proving some kind of link or icon in the right corner of the password field or having a dedicated checkbox near the field . These design patterns are usually well understood by the users , as the work of Jack Holmes shows .
My Experiment
I was curious to dig a little deeper into the subject and decided to run my own experiment . The goal was to better understand how people interact with such user interfaces . I created a small prototype of a login screen in Quant-UX . The users are supposed to enter an email ( guest @ guest.com ) , enter the password ( e3C4DDF9555K ) and click on a “ Login ” button . By default the password was masked , but the users could unmask the password by clicking on a “ Show ” link . Once , the user has entered the correct password and clicked the “ Login ” button , a success page would be shown . The interaction flow of the prototype is shown in the image below . ( Do n't forget to check out the making of video )
The login prototype
We asked 36 persons between 20 and 40 years to perform the test on an android smartphone . The credentials were shown to them on a paper , so they did not have to memorize the email and password .
Results
All of the 36 persons were able to enter the email and the correct password and to succeed to the second page . In average they took 50 seconds to complete the login process and 33 seconds to enter the correct password . 33 of these user were able to enter the correct password before clicking in the “ Login ” button the first time . The other 3 users unmasked the password and corrected it .
The first finding of this little experiment is , that the majority of the user unmasked the password . 27 users clicked on the “ Show ” link to see the characters in cleartext . These findings are inline with the articles mentioned above , and proof the usefulness and user acceptance of the unmasking option .
What really surprised me , was * WHEN * the testers decided to unmask the password . The first thing I do when I encounter a complicated password like “ e3C4DDF9555K ” , is to unmask the password if possible simply because I would like to avoid typos and I expected the testers to behave similar . But to my big surprise , only 3 of the users clicked on the “ Show ” button before they entered the password . The remaining 24 users unmasked the field after had entered at least one character the password .
Password Review
While performing the tests , I also observed another interaction pattern that really surprised me . 10 of the testers did a kind of review of the password . They entered the complete password correctly , but instead of pressing the “ Login ” button , they unmasked the password to check if it is correct , and only proceeded then .
The password review pattern is performed by 10 of 36 users
I can only guess , why the users did this . Most likely , they have experienced in other systems , that they have to retype the password after a failed login attempt . As the password is quite complex and takes some time to enter , the users try to avoid loosing it , by reviewing the password before pressing the “ Login ” button ( See how I made the entire analysis in less than 10 minutes ) .
You can find the prototype and test results at http : //www.quant-ux.com
Kimi Raikkonen : `` I like what I 'm doing , that 's enough . I do n't care if someone says whether I 'm doing it well or not '' © Getty Images Enlarge Related Links Drivers :
Kimi Räikkönen Teams :
Lotus F1
Kimi Raikkonen insists that Formula One `` plays no role '' in his personal life but that he is happy with his return to the sport .
Following a two-year break Raikkonen has made an impressive comeback to Formula One this season , with his second place in Bahrain leaving him within 20 points of the championship lead . As a result , Raikkonen said that he was pleased with his return so far , but admitted he did n't like finishing second in a season where teams are struggling to find consistency at each race .
`` It 's not going too bad , '' Raikkonen told Bild am Sonntag . `` I like what I 'm doing , that 's enough . I do n't care if someone says whether I 'm doing it well or not . Still , it 's disappointing when you 're only second . Who knows what 's going to happen at the next race . ''
When Raikkonen left Ferrari at the end of 2009 he said he was only interested in the racing aspect of Formula One and he admitted that outlook had not changed .
`` No , I 'm only here for racing . All the other bulls * * t I can do without . If you took away the cars from Formula One , I would not be there . Formula One plays no role in my personal life . I have a real life ! I think for many people , their life is Formula One . For me it 's not . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
A copy of the world 's most expensive book is expected to sell for more than $ 7 million ( £4.5 million ) at auction in New York .
A rare first edition of John James Audobon 's 'The Birds Of America ' ( 1827-1838 ) will be auctioned at Christie 's in New York on 20 January and is one of only 120 complete editions known to exist , most of which are in institutions .
The four-volume set of double-elephant folios , each over three feet in height , features 435 hand-painted engravings , which are still considered the `` highest achievement in ornithological art '' .
Tim Bryars , of the Antiquarian Booksellers Association , said the set was an `` extraordinary work '' .
`` You have to see it in person to really appreciate it . It 's enormous and just an extraordinary creation , '' he told International Business Times UK .
`` A book like this , published in the way it was , is a wonderful piece of art - and an extremely expensive project to have embarked upon .
`` This was published in parts over a decade , partly because of the time it took to engrave each plate , but also so that the publisher could afford to print it , recouping his money at each stage , and so that more people could afford to buy it in instalments .
`` It 's an amazing achievement and only a limited number of people could have afforded it , when it was new as well as now . We 're used to a world where even an expensive art book is generally £50 or less , but that 's a recent phenomenon . ''
The last complete copy of a first edition was sold at Sotheby 's in London in December 2010 for $ 11.5 million , arecord for the most expensive printed book sold at auction . Bryars said a `` similar reaction '' may be expected at Christie 's .
`` The vendor will be hoping for at least two people who want it as bad as each other , but $ 7 million is n't far-fetched . It has a track record , '' he said .
`` Whether the copy makes as much as the last one will depend partly on condition and provenance , but also , although the last copy appeared at auction only a year ago , potential bidders will be aware that they might not get another chance for a decade .
`` It 's a rare book and who knows when the next copy will come out of the woodwork . ''
The set due to be auctioned was purchased by the fourth Duke of Portland around 1838 .
`` Christie 's is deeply honoured to be entrusted with the sale of the exemplary copy of Audobon 's masterpiece , the finest colour plate book ever produced , '' said Francis Wahlgren , Christie 's international head of books and manuscripts .
`` The excellent condition of the entire set is a testament both to the loving care taken by generations of the Portland family , and to the quality of the book 's production more than 170 years ago . ''
Bryars added that , while Audubon 's work is at the `` top end '' of the rare book trade , he was constantly surprised by the quality of rare books that can still be bought for less money .
`` It 's a shame that often when people compare books to works of art and other antiques they seem to view books as a poor relation , when they are often wonderful pieces of history .
`` That 's what this book represents . It is a piece of incredible art and a showcase for the style of printing that could create a project of this size . ''
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel has rejected an appeal by the five biggest members of the European Union not to raze the homes of Palestinians who carried out lethal attacks in Jerusalem , saying on Friday that the tactic was designed to deter further violence .
Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a statement to the media in Jerusalem November 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Baz Ratner
Israel 's Haaretz newspaper said the Foreign Ministry heard arguments from the German , French , British , Italian and Spanish ambassadors that the demolitions , carried out against one East Jerusalem dwelling this week and planned against four more , were liable to inflame tensions and were therefore counterproductive .
Confirming Thursday 's meeting with the envoys , Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said they were told that the measure was consistent with Israeli law and would be pursued .
“ This is not meant to be punitive , but rather to dissuade others from carrying out terrorist attacks , ” Nahshon said .
Unrest has been stoked by deadlocked Palestinian statehood talks , the Gaza war and calls by some Israeli figures to allow Jewish prayer at a Jerusalem compound that houses Islam 's third-holiest mosque and is the vestige of Judaism 's biblical temples .
In a surge of lethal street violence in the holy city , three Palestinians rammed cars into Israelis and two others went on a gun and knife rampage in a synagogue .
The assailants , all from areas of Jerusalem occupied by Israel in the 1967 war and where the Palestinians claim sovereignty , were killed by police . Nine Israelis and one foreign woman were killed in the attacks .
Israel deems all of Jerusalem its indivisible capital - a status not recognized abroad - and grants residency rights to the city 's Palestinians .
Israel used home demolitions extensively during the armed Palestinian revolt of 2000-2005 but suspended the practice , citing concern that it entrenched hostility .
Its revival in Jerusalem has also drawn criticism from the United States .
“ We believe that punitive home demolitions are counterproductive in an already tense situation . This is a practice I would remind that the Israeli government itself discontinued in the past , recognizing its effects , ” State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said on Wednesday .
Asked if Washington had asked Israel directly not to raze the Jerusalem homes , Nahshon said he was not aware of any such communication . “ Our message would remain the same , ” he added .
Meet an egomaniac and you know you are also meeting a deeply insecure person . People who are uncertain about themselves sometimes deal with their anxiety by creating an exaggerated image of superiority .
And it is the same with countries – our own for example . There is a certain irony to Ireland 's badness – it arises in part from delusions of grandeur . This place became so vicious partly because of a hysterical insistence on its unique virtue – a habit of mind that has never gone away .
It 's easy to understand why Catholic Ireland became so hyper-virtuous . A long history of denigration , humiliation and subjection creates a profound distortion . It is not enough to be as good as anybody else – you have to be better , indeed the best : uniquely wonderful . But this fantasy is not harmless . At best , it feeds a deluded detachment from reality . At worst , you have to hide , exclude , deny , those who threaten to spoil the picture of perfection .
Unlike the extreme versions of such dark utopias in Nazi Germany or Stalin 's Soviet Union , independent Ireland did not actually exterminate the spoilers of its unique purity . But it did get rid of them – mostly through emigration but also , notoriously , in its vast system of “ coercive confinement ” : industrial schools , Magdalene laundries , mother and baby homes and mental hospitals .
‘ Impure ' women
This unique virtue in turn compensated for the real economic failures of the new State – what did it matter that we were poor , backward and exporting half our population ? Our values were not material but spiritual . And , as Eamon de Valera openly claimed , this unmatched holiness would do nothing less than save the world : “ Ireland today has no dearer hope than this : that , true to her own holiest traditions , she may humbly serve the truth and help by truth to save the world . ”
This fantasy may have been risible , but for those who had to be locked away to keep it alive it was no laughing matter .
Naive past
It was n't enough for us that we might end decades of economic and social underperformance and achieve a modest and sustainable prosperity . We had to be the world champions of loadsamoney swaggering . We were “ the richest non-oil country in the world ” ( Irish Independent , January 2007 ) – a ludicrous claim based on a confusion of multinational profits with domestic earnings and of national income with national wealth , but one that was widely believed and acted on . We were the geniuses who had cracked the code of 21st century development and , for an immodest fee , we could lecture the world on “ the Irish model ” . We swapped unique sanctity and purity for unique capacity to make money , but the mentality was exactly the same .
And it goes on . When everything fell apart , we had to be uniquely self-sacrificing in our efforts to save the euro – the best little Europeans on the planet . And now – in case you have n't noticed – we 're just two years away from a triple crown of world- beating achievements . Here , God help us , is the Taoiseach in March 2012 , repeated in July 2013 : “ By 2016 we will prove to be the best small country in the world to do business , the best country in which to raise a family , and the best country in which to grow old with dignity and respect . . . This will be the Republic of 2016 . ”
Before we laugh at Dev , we might read that again and remember that a third of children are now living in deprivation and that “ dignity and respect ” for the elderly means getting a chair to sit on for 24 hours in an A & E department and having carers ' allowances , respite grants and home adaptation grants decimated . But no matter – in 18 months we 'll be a unique paradise for the young and the old . ( This year 's budget is going to be spectacular . )
Lies
Otherwise , the only thing we 'll remain best at is hypocrisy .
Festival of Lights is all about fun , bonding and shopping . But this Diwali season , there is nothing but gloom that reigns supreme in the homes and hearts of several LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ) and straight youngsters who have been working diligently to fight the menace of HIV/AIDS in the region . The reason is simple- they have not been paid salaries for the past six months by Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society ( MSACS ) , a government run organisation . It has led to gloom and a feeling of desolation ahead of Diwali…Things have turned so abysmal that many youngsters have borrowed money from their friends and acquaintances to run their homes . Sourav Joshi ( name changed on request ) , a 25-year-old gay volunteer , shares , “ Nothing can be more heart-breaking than borrowing money from people when you have a so-called regular job . But , the saddest moment for me was when I lost my father recently and I had no money to perform his last rites . My tears just wo n't stop . If it was n't for some of my friends , I do n't know what I would have done. ” Things have gone from bad to worse for many young transgenders who do n't even have the family support . Ragini ( name changed on request ) a 26-year-old field worker and a transgender speaks for many as she says , “ I have no support from my family ; it is my job as a field officer that keeps me going . And to make the two ends meet , I had to borrow heavily from the loan sharks and now they are hounding me every day . I ca n't even get another job because people do n't like to employ transgenders . I wish the government would wake up to our plight. ” When we contacted district programme manager of MSACS , Tanuja Fale , she almost washed her hands off , saying , “ I just look after the administration and monitor the HIV/AIDS prevention programmes . But the funds are released by the state. ” When asked if she is aware of the problems of over 350 young volunteers working for AIDS prevention in the city who have not been paid for months , she merely said , “ Yes , I 'm aware of the problem and I have written to the state authorities ; I ca n't do anything else. ” When we apprised the joint director of MSACS , Mumbai , of the problem , he said , “ There has been delay in the payments because last year the funds were first sent by the central government to the treasury and there were a lot of issues regarding the disbursal of funds . I assure you that the first installment of pending dues will be paid in the next couple of days . I 'm sure the young volunteers ' dilemma will be solved before Diwali . ”
More free content is coming later this summer for NBA Playgrounds . Saber Interactive has just released a new trailer showing off the 3-point contest and mentions 33 new players are coming , along with a new rebounding system , friend invites and more .
UPDATE : ( 7-25 ) The new NBA Playgrounds update is available now for PlayStation 4 and PC . No word on official release date for Xbox One and/or Nintendo Switch .
The Hot Update is LIVE on PlayStation 4 & Steam ! 3-point contest , 33 new players , friends invite system ! Details : https : //t.co/UD2dYx9HPj pic.twitter.com/midhhWJ3ji — NBA Playgrounds ( @ nba_playgrounds ) July 25 , 2017
Here are the full details .
New Features :
The following players were added : Elgin Baylor , Jerry West , Rick Barry , Tim Duncan , Brandon Jennings , Brandon Knight , Deron Williams , Derrick Favors , Gerald Green , Iman Shumpert , Jeff Green , Josh Richardson , Kenneth Faried , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , Khris Middleton , Michael Carter-Williams , Mike Miller , Timofey Mozgov , Trevor Ariza , Tristan Thompson , Tyson Chandler , Bob Pettit , Jerry Lucas , Lenny Wilkens , J.R. Smith , Danny Green , J.J. Redick , Wilson Chandler , Alex Len , Dario Saric and Baron Davis
The following players can now be played on a second team , in which they played during their career : Chris Paul ( New Orleans Pelicans ) , Carmelo Anthony ( Denver Nuggets ) , Al Horford ( Atlanta Hawks ) , Ray Allen ( Boston Celtics ) , Luol Deng ( Chicago Bulls ) , Dennis Rodman ( Chicago Bulls ) , Tim Hardaway ( Golden State Warriors ) , Scottie Pippen ( Houston Rockets ) , Dwight Howard ( Orlando Magic ) , Goran Dragic ( Phoenix Suns ) , Shawn Marion ( Phoenix Suns ) , Jason Kidd ( Phoenix Suns ) , Grant Hill ( Phoenix Suns ) , LaMarcus Aldridge ( Portland Blazers ) , DeMarcus Cousins ( Sacramento Kings ) , Wilt Chamberlain ( San Francisco Warriors ) and Vince Carter ( Toronto Raptors )
The following Playgrounders join the Playgrounders team : Ian Eagle , EJ “ The Mayor ” Johnson , Agent 00 , Shake4ndBake and HipHopGamer
Added : Friends ' invitation system
Added : 1 vs. 1 Unranked matches ( in all game modes ) , using the matchmaking algorithm , but players do n't risk losing any ranking points or changing their ELO
Added : 3-Point Contest
A new way to compete online . Challenge your opponent to find out who can hit the most 3-Pointers
Added : A short steal and push protection when changing characters was added for the Client player in an online match to reduce the Host advantage
Notable Changes :
Adjusted : Pushes are no longer effective once the shot attempt is made and the player jumped .
Changed : The difficulty of the tournaments was reduced
Changed : The lightning ball can now be blocked by a player just like any other shot
Changed : The experience gain during the tournaments was increased and slightly decreased for online matches .
Improved : The rebound system was reworked and improved to better reflect the intended game style and to make it understandable
Notable Fixes :
Etrian Odyssey : Millennium Girl announced for 3DS
New Etrian Odyssey adds fixed characters , amnesia girl .
Atlus ' new Etrian Odyssey teased yesterday is Etrian Odyssey : Millennium Girl for 3DS . It will launch in Japan on June 27 for 6,279 yen .
The story revolves around strong earthquakes and mysterious roaring in Etria . The protagonist ( voiced by Kousuke Toriumi ) , a spear-wielder from the Highlander clan , is asked by the government of Etria to investigate and explore the ruins . Three other companions meet him on his investigation , and together go as far as the World Tree , which seems to have a deep connection to the ruins . During the investigation , they meet Frederica Irving ( voiced by Maria Ise ) , a girl who lost her memories . She is a kind-spirited girl , but is wary of others , possibly because of her amnesia .
Those three companions include :
Simon York ( voiced by Daisuke Ono ) : The leader of the investigation party sent by the “ Mizugaruzu ” Library . He 's very smart and knows a lot about ancient civilizations and labyrinth monsters . He 's also a medic and can calmly aid his companions no matter the circumstance .
( voiced by Daisuke Ono ) : The leader of the investigation party sent by the “ Mizugaruzu ” Library . He 's very smart and knows a lot about ancient civilizations and labyrinth monsters . He 's also a medic and can calmly aid his companions no matter the circumstance . Arthur Charles ( voiced by Toshiyuki Toyonaga ) : A member of the investigation party . As an alchemist , he is good at elemental attacks . He does n't think too hard about anything , so he sometimes talks big . Though , he has a tremendous amount of faith in Simon .
( voiced by Toshiyuki Toyonaga ) : A member of the investigation party . As an alchemist , he is good at elemental attacks . He does n't think too hard about anything , so he sometimes talks big . Though , he has a tremendous amount of faith in Simon . Lacoona Sheldon ( voiced by Shizuka Ito ) : A baladine and woman at the vanguard of the investigation party . She 's from a noble family , but has an open and modest personality . She has a strong sense of justice and plenty of common sense , but loses her head when it comes to good food .
Each character will have the potential to learn various skills depending on their class . Skill points are limited , so which skills are prioritized is up to the player .
When you change classes , you 'll keep the same appearance and stats , but acquire the skills of another job .
Players will get missions from the Etria government , as well as necessary information and equipment . It 's recommend you visit various shops to prepare for your journey . If you have a mission or quest you can report on , their notification marker will appear on the right side of the screen .
During event scenes , each party member will have multiple portrait pictures with many expressions .
Map icons are essentially the same as Etrian Odyssey IV . And the skill tree is horizontal , also like IV . But this time , there are no “ Novice ” or “ Veteran ” descriptors .
According to director Shigeo Komori , there are people who think the series needed some new energy , since it 's based on this fixed concept of the World Tree labyrinth . So they focused on the production side and churned out Millenium Girl .
“ The fun of the RPG was left just as it was , but since we 've strengthened the story and characterization , this game will make it all the easier to enjoy the true essence of the RPG , ” said Komori .
Finally , here 's the game 's main staff :
Director : Shigeo Komori
Shigeo Komori Character Design : Yuji Himukai
Yuji Himukai Monster Design : Shin Nagasawa
Shin Nagasawa Music : Yuzo Koshiro
Thanks , Game Nyarth .
More than 2,000 criminal suspects died in police custody over a three-year period , half of them killed by officers as they scuffled or attempted to flee , the government said Thursday .
The study by the Justice Department 's Bureau of Justice Statistics is the first nationwide compilation of the reasons behind arrest-related deaths in the wake of high-profile police assaults or killings involving Abner Louima and Amadou Diallo in New York in the late 1990s .
The review found 55 percent of the 2,002 arrest-related deaths from 2003 through 2005 were due to homicide by state and local law enforcement officers . Alcohol and drug intoxication caused 13 percent of the deaths , followed by suicides at 12 percent , accidental injury at 7 percent and illness or natural causes at 6 percent . The causes for the deaths of the remaining 7 percent were unknown .
The highly populated states of California , Texas and Florida led the pack for both police killings and overall arrest-related deaths . Georgia , Maryland and Montana were not included in the study because they did not submit data .
Investigator : These are unusual cases
The study finds that 77 percent of those who died in custody were men between the ages of 18 and 44 . Approximately 44 percent were white ; 32 percent black ; and 20 percent Hispanic .
“ Keep in mind we have 2,000 deaths out of almost 40 million arrests over three years , so that tells you by their nature they are very unusual cases , ” said Christopher J. Mumola , who wrote the study .
“ Still , they do need to be looked at to determine whether police training can be better or practices can be better , ” he said .
State laws and police department policy typically let officers use deadly force to defend themselves or others from the threat of death or serious injury . Deadly force also is allowed to prevent the escape of a suspect in a violent felony who poses an immediate threat to others .
The Justice Department study released Thursday suggests that most of the police killings would be considered justified , although it does not make that final determination .
About 80 percent of the cases involved criminal suspects who reportedly brandished a weapon “ to threaten or assault ” the arresting officers .
Another 17 percent involved suspects who allegedly grabbed , hit or fought with police .
More than one-third of the police killings , or about 36 percent , involved a suspect who tried to flee or otherwise escape arrest .
High-profile deaths spark investigation
The report was compiled at the request of Congress in 2000 after the 1997 struggle between New York police and Louima , a black security guard who left the precinct house bleeding after officers jammed a broken broomstick into his mouth and rectum . A few years later , two police shootings of unarmed black men followed , including Diallo , who was shot 41 times after he reached into his pocket for a wallet .
Since then , following police sensitivity training , New York has seen a few killings involving suspects and officers , including last year 's shooting of Sean Bell , an unarmed black bridegroom-to-be whom police say they believed was reaching for a gun .
New York now ranks sixth nationwide in the number of police killings , behind Arizona and Illinois , according to Thursday 's report .
Other findings :
Among law enforcement , 380 officers were killed in the line of duty over the three-year period and 174,760 were reportedly assaulted , according to FBI data . Two hundred twenty-one of the deaths were accidental , while 159 were homicides .
Blacks were disproportionately represented in arrest-related deaths due to alcohol or drug intoxication — 41 percent vs. 33 percent for whites ; accidental injury — 42 percent vs. 37 percent for whites ; and unknown causes — 46 percent vs. 39 percent for whites . Mumola said it was unclear why blacks tended to be victims for accidental injuries , which often involve fatalities in the course of a police car chase ; or intoxication , which involves overdoses or drunkenness .
Arrest-related deaths involving Tasers or other conducted-energy devices are rising , although overall numbers are low . From 2003-2005 , there were 36 such deaths total , with a jump from three cases in 2003 to 24 in 2005 .
About half of arrest-related suicides , 51 percent , involved attempted arrests for violent crimes .
AHMEDABAD : When Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced demonetization on November 8 , 2016 , of his stated intentions for the move was to attack counterfeit notes . However , the rate of seizures of fake currency notes across the country has remained the same , even after Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes were declared illegal . The model state of Gujarat had the most seizures of Rs 2,000 notes after demonetization , figures from the ministry of home affairs ( MHA ) have revealed.According to the Union home ministry figures , 40 % of the fake Rs 2,000 notes seized , were seized in Gujarat . Across the entire country , Rs 66,92,000 in fake Rs 2000 notes has been seized and Gujarat accounted Rs 26 , 42,000 of this , between November 9 , 2016 and March 7 , 2017.In Gujarat , some 1,321 counterfeit Rs 2,000 notes were seized by police while the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) caught two . Three FIRS were registered and 12 persons were accused of circulating counterfeit currency notes , the highest number in the country . A total of 64 persons have been booked in the entire country.Senior police officials said Gujarat has always been a hotbed for circulation of fake currency notes , due to the high level of trading activities . Currency notes are usually introduced into the state 's economy by operators from West Bengal or Bangladesh. “ Many of the accused caught in fake currency rackets come from Malda district or other parts of West Bengal and from Bangladesh . These currency notes are usually routed to the large cities of Gujarat , apart from Mumbai , Delhi , Bangalore and Hyderabad , ” said officials.A large number of fake currency rackets have been busted in Gujarat due to public awareness and the alertness of the police , officials claimed.In some of these fake currency seizures , the notes were suspected to have been printed in Ahmedabad as well , officials said .
The act 's money-saving potential has also been clouded by an essential truth about controlling costs : it 's messy .
There are four ways to contain health care costs : by reducing payments to providers and suppliers ; by rationing services ; by having consumers pay a greater share ; and by giving providers incentives to be more efficient .
The health care reform act includes hundreds of billions of dollars worth of cuts in payments to providers . Lowering payments within Medicare , though , without also reducing the quantity of services provided throughout the health care system ultimately only makes it harder for those on Medicare to find a doctor or hospital willing to treat them , because so many providers stop seeing Medicare patients .
The growth in health care services could be reduced by denying access to specific procedures . But even if such rationing were desirable , which is debatable , it is not remotely politically viable .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The third way to contain the expansion of health care services , theoretically , is to give consumers more “ skin in the game ” by increasing their share of the bill . There is no doubt that consumers would become more cost-conscious if they had to pay more . But this would not save that much money , because it would not apply to high-cost procedures . After all , the whole point of insurance is generous protection against unavoidable high costs . And the high-cost cases account for the vast majority of health care expenses : In 2001 , the top 25 percent of Medicare beneficiaries ranked by cost accounted for 85 percent of all Medicare costs .
Lowering total health care expenses requires addressing the factors that drive those high-cost cases . For the most part , they involve chronic conditions like diabetes , hypertension and congestive heart failure , whose treatment varies much more than you 'd think from doctor to doctor .
My previous column discussed ways of improving the information on medical effectiveness that is available to doctors and hospitals , and the potential for malpractice reform to encourage evidence-based practices . But we must find more incentives for providers to deliver higher-quality and cost-effective care .
The health care law starts the arduous process of shifting the medical payment system away from an emphasis on quantity of care and toward an emphasis on quality . For example , it creates penalties for hospitals with high rates of readmission and hospital-acquired infections . It expands the practice of making a single payment for treating a specific condition rather than paying for each treatment . And it provides for accountable care organizations that financially bind doctors and hospitals so that they offer the coordinated care that experts believe would save money in complex cases .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But these are modest first steps , and what 's required is a process to build on them over time . So the health care reform act creates an Innovation Center to experiment with new strategies . Successful pilot programs can be ramped up to national scale without the need for additional legislation .
Perhaps most important , the legislation creates an Independent Payment Advisory Board , a panel of independent medical experts who will look for more ways to improve Medicare 's cost-effectiveness . Under the law , any policy that the board issues takes effect unless legislation to block it is passed by Congress and signed by the president . This way , inertia works in favor of cost containment rather than against it .
All this may not fit on a bumper sticker , but it is more promising than anything that would . If the new Congress wants to improve health care quality and lower costs , it should do what it can to support all the cost-containing measures in the already-enacted law .
Why would Microsoft pay €5 billion for what apparently is a troubled mobile devices company ?
Perhaps there 's a method to this madness . Let 's look at three facts that most of the critics never seem to mention .
First , Microsoft gets to pay for the deal with cash that 's trapped overseas , where it 's free of U.S. taxes . As the Wall Street Journal noted last fall , $ 69.6 billion out of a total of $ 77 billion cash on Microsoft 's books is held overseas in low-yielding securities . If the company brought it back to the U.S. , it would be taxed at corporate rates . Not having to pay that tax makes the effective price of Nokia 's Devices and Enterprise division a mere €3.25 billion .
And in exchange for that relatively modest investment , the company gets an amazing pool of engineering and hardware design talent , worldwide supply chain management expertise , global manufacturing resources , billing deals with mobile carriers worldwide ( crucial to selling apps and services ) , and access to a treasure trove of patents . Those 32,000 employees can make an immediate dent across the board in Microsoft 's other hardware lines , including Surface and Xbox .
This is n't a struggling division . It 's worth noting that Nokia has won major awards at Mobile World Congress three years in a row : Best New Mobile Handset , Device or Tablet in 2012 ; Best Feature phone or entry level phone in 2013 ; Best Low-Cost Smartphone ( the Lumia 520 ) in 2014 .
And here 's the kicker : the division promises to begin contributing to a positive bottom line for Microsoft immediately . As Microsoft noted in its required disclosures :
With ongoing share growth and the synergies across marketing , branding and advertising , we expect this acquisition to be accretive to our adjusted earnings per share starting in FY15 [ which begins in July 2014 , mere months after the deal is due to close ] .
Terrible deal ? Colossal mistake ? We can revisit this in a few years , but there are a lot of positives to start with . If you think this could end very well , you 're not crazy .
The way we do recycling is rubbish . It is rubbish because the main goal has been to make money out of it .
In New Zealand , local councils thought they could make money by saving the costs of running their local landfills . Companies thought they could make money by collecting it up , doing a bit of rough sorting and shipping off the raw materials to somewhere else where labour is cheap and worker health and safety and environmental regulations next to non-existent . Places where there were plenty of people willing to clamber over the piles of imported ‘ recyclables ' pulling out the stuff that is clean enough and easy enough to reprocess , for next to nothing in wages . And with no idea of the damage being done to their health , and the health of the environment they lived in , by exposure to many of the items in the piles . Continue reading →
Story highlights Severe thunderstorms forced a temporary evacuation at Lollapalooza
A few performances had to be canceled
The city of Chicago extended the festival 's curfew in light of the storm delay
It was a scene straight out of `` The Day After Tomorrow '' : a sea of confused , disgruntled people flooding the streets of Chicago , left to wonder about their fate . The cause of this mayhem : severe thunderstorms , which temporarily forced the evacuation of the second day of Lollapalooza on Saturday . All was not lost , however : after a nearly three-hour delay , festival officials reopened the gates and Lolla was officially back on .
The suspension did have some irreparable effects . Several performances -- including those by Alabama Shakes , B.o.B. , Temper Trap and Neon Indian -- were cancelled , and others were pushed back a few hours or shortened . There was also the reality that Grant Park was now a full-on mud bath . Still , despite being one of the most chaotic days in Lollapalooza 's storied history , when Red Hot Chili Peppers took the main stage in late evening , the earlier trouble hardly mattered .
These were n't the same Chilis that last played Lollapalooza in 2006 : guitarist Josh Klinghoffer was added to the mix following the departure of John Frusciante in 2009 . The Anthony Kiedis-led crew delivered a set comprised largely of the classics , aside from opening with the otherworldly percussion of new tune `` Monarchy of Roses '' ( off 2011 album I 'm With You ) , and their trademark fusion of rock , punk and funk riffs was on full display . The setlist included everything from the melodic ( `` Snow ( Hey Oh ) , '' `` Under the Bridge '' ) to the mosh-pit friendly rockers ( `` Ca n't Stop '' ) and even the Afrobeat-inspired ( `` Throw Away Your Television '' ) .
The city of Chicago had extended the festival 's curfew in light of the day 's earlier evacuation , so the band plowed on into the night , finishing their set with a two-song encore that included `` Brendan 's Death Song '' and `` Give It Away . '' Kiedis donned his usual attire , or lack thereof : the singer was shirtless and wore a mesh hat saluting the Los Angeles punk act OFF ! Flea expressed his love for the fans and pleaded that everyone continue supporting live music `` because it 's all we got . ''
After kicking off with his monster hit `` Levels , '' which liberally samples Etta James ' `` Something 's Got a Hold on Me , '' superstar DJ Avicii shifted through a familiar formula : searing , emotional vocal samples with giant synthesizer riffs . Each track sent more young fans scrambling towards the Bud Light stage , many caked with mud . As his visuals lit up the night sky , framed by Chicago 's beautiful skyscrapers , fans reacted : `` Avicii is one of the hottest techno acts in the world , '' explained one . Another put things in perspective : `` Deadmau5 is cooler , man . ''
Fellow EDM leader Calvin Harris inspired mud-dancing and excessive fist-pumping at Perry 's Stage . `` Lollapalooza , I wan na see you jump up and down , '' the Scottish party-starter instructed the neon-clad masses . Over the past year , Harris has been able to successfully bridge the gap between progressive house and pop music , and his Saturday set mirrored his genre-crossing : when he was n't unleashing bass-throbbing beats during `` You Used to Hold Me , '' the DJ was dropping the needle on his radio hits , Rihanna 's `` We Found Love '' and his own `` Feel So Close . ''
As Avicii and the Chilis battled it out for main-stage supremacy , Frank Ocean took to the more intimate Google Play Stage . `` I see we had a little rain , '' the breakout R & B singer remarked , wearing his usual red and white bandana . `` I 'm glad you all came back . '' Ocean 's set was an entirely suave affair : he began by sitting on a chair , serenading the adoring crowd with a cover of Sade 's `` By Your Side '' as acoustic guitars backed him lightly . Later , thanks to his crack four-piece band , Ocean brought a heavier hand to the Channel ORANGE cut `` Thinkin ' Bout You '' and the nostalgia , ULTRA hit `` Novacane . '' Ocean capped his set with the gospel-tinged `` Bad Religion '' -- which he said spoke of his previous love affair with a man -- and the tragic epic `` Pyramid . ''
The Weeknd , also known as the Canadian singer Abel Tesfaye , is often compared to Ocean for his floating falsetto and mysterious air . When he played the Red Bull Stage earlier in the afternoon , he peppered his set with cuts from his trio of popular mixtapes , beginning with House of Balloons in early 2011 and concluding with last December 's Echoes of Silence . After a winsome `` High for This , '' the Balloons opener and first song many heard from Tesfaye , the singer blew an adoring kiss to the crowd .
Fittingly enough , no band appeared to enjoy Lollapalooza as much as Fun . The `` We Are Young '' group had the unenviable task of reopening the festival post-thunderstorm and more than succeeded in the challenge . Frontman Nate Ruess , wearing neon yellow sneakers and unhinged suspenders , bounded onstage to open with `` One Foot , '' followed it up with `` Why Am I the One ? '' and , despite volume issues , never let up until he brought the house down with the band 's breakout single .
Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand played an expectedly energetic set that mostly stuck to the basics of mid-2000s dance-rock . Lead singer Alex Kapranos , clad in a black button-up , shook off the post-storm humidity with ease , offering career highlight tracks like `` Michael '' and `` Take Me Out '' early in the set , then tossing out a surprise cover of Donna Summer 's `` I Feel Love '' before concluding with an impressive drum solo feature .
Twin Shadow 's set was too brief -- they began nearly fifteen minutes late as they conducted an eleventh-hour soundcheck -- but what they did play was a romantic , emotionally direct show reminiscent of Eighties teen flicks . Shrouded by a smoke machine , lead singer George Lewis Jr. and his band made the most of their time with minimal stage patter that was as heart-on-sleeve as their music : `` Turned out to be such a beautiful night . '' A set highlight was `` At My Heels , '' for which Lewis poured genuine energy into the performance .
Star Slinger took to Perry 's Stage in a blue-striped polo shirt . His performance seemed disjointed , varying between predictable and electrifying . At some points , he covered obvious tracks , including the hip-hop staple `` Crossroads '' by Bone Thugs N Harmony and Nicki Minaj and 2 Chainzs current hit `` Beez in the Trap . '' He was most interesting when he invigorated the set with British rave concepts , mixing transcendent piano lines and helium vocals into his emotionally fraught atmosphere .
September 14 , 2017 by John Gentile
Today , Punknews is pleased to debut the new video by Sammy 's Cult Nights .
The solo project of Shane Graybill , SCN specializes in low-fi dream pop that often dips into nightmarish territory . The video for `` Tear me Down '' perfectly exemplifies this . The track pulls equally from 80s goth as it does the darker side of synth pop . Meanwhile , the video pieces together unsettling images , each of which do n't seem too spooky on their own , but when collected together , garner a newfound menace .
Speaking to Punknews , Graybill said , `` '' I just wanted to make a collage of what I 've been up-to lately , make it entertaining , and go along with one of my favorite songs from the new album . Haunted House Party is supposed to be a soundtrack to the campy 80 's horror movie in my mind , and I think I 've captured a lot of fake nostalgia in this one . ''
SCN 's new album , Haunted House Party is out Friday , October 13 ( WoOoOoOoO ! ) You 'll be able to order that here , then . But , you can see the new video below , right now !
0 'Take over ' style robbery at Cumberland Mall
COBB COUNTY , Ga. - Police are investigating an armed robbery at a jewelry store in Cumberland Mall .
Police continue to search for the getaway SUV after a daring take-over style robbery at a popular metro shopping mall .
`` When I heard , 'Boom , boom , ' I was out the back door ! ” - Customer
The thieves shattered a display cases in a jewelry store and fired weapons inside .
Channel 2 's Ross Cavitt talked with customers at Cumberland Mall where the group hit as shoppers were eating lunch , prompting some to run for the exits .
“ It was a lot of commotion going on in there , and then I hear , 'Boom , boom . ' When I heard , 'Boom , boom , ' I was out the back door , ” one customer told Cavitt .
Some shoppers and workers scrambled out of the mall during the lunch hour after hearing what they thought were gunshots from the Diamond Solution store . Turns out those booms were likely from the shattering of a display case .
“ They smashed on of the display cases and took some of the jewelry , if not all of the jewelry that was in that display case and then fled the scene on foot , ” said Alicia Chilton , with the Cobb County Police Department .
“ I was really surprised , you know ? Especially in broad daylight. ” - Customer
The group a half dozen strong , wore masks and marched past shoppers crowding into a restaurant .
With 911 calls of shots fired , police had much of Cumberland Mall surrounded , but quickly learned the group was in and out quickly and had fled in a waiting stolen , white SUV .
“ I was really surprised , you know ? Especially in broad daylight , ” the customer said .
The brash robber shocked many at the mall , who would never suspect this during the middle of the day when Cumberland Mall was full of people .
But police told Cavitt the mall , at Interstate 75 and Interstate 285 offers a variety of getaway routes in all directions .
But they know one problem could have made this a more tragic story .
“ It 's very concerning . Anybody could have harmed in the incident , but luckily they were n't , ” Chilton said .
Investigators told Cavitt someone helped police get a license plate number of the getaway SUV .
They know it was stolen , had Alabama tags with the No . 9083 AM4 and was stolen out of Clayton County .
Anyone with information about this case is asked to call Cobb County police .
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan
It seems that a rumored deal to bring a soccer stadium to Queens is closer to reality , with the NY Times reporting what Bloomberg News , the Philadelphia Inquirer and other publications had noted : Sheik Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan is close to paying $ 100 million to bring professional soccer to Queens .
The Times says , `` The prospective owners are willing to pay a $ 100 million expansion fee for the league 's 20th team , which could be called New York City F.C . and begin play in 2016 , the two people said . That would more than double the expansion fee of $ 40 million paid by the Montreal team that entered M.L.S . in 2012 . ''
If the deal goes through , MLS will take 13 acres in Flushing Meadows Corona Park—and this is contingent upon the City Council and State Legislature okaying it— with the league replacing the 13 acres of parkland to the community at a location yet to be identified . Weirdly , as noted last week , the Parks Department has begun work on an $ 2.8 million improvement plan ( approved by City Councilperson Julissa Ferreras ) in the proposed stadium area .
While Sheik Mansour , deputy prime minister of the United Arab Emirates , has a personal net worth of $ 4.9 billion—a.k.a . money to burn—critics of the MLS stadium-in-Queens plan are pointing out his country 's human rights failings . City Councilman Daniel Dromm said , `` I was shocked to read in the New York Times that the Bloomberg Administration is negotiating to give NYC parkland away to Sheik Mansour bin Zayed al-Nahyan , an oil billionaire that helps rule a country where gays or lesbians is a crime punishable by death . This is outrageous . This is also a country where gay and lesbian people could be subject to chemical castration . It is totally unacceptable . I urge my colleagues in the City Council and elected officials across the state to join me in saying that New Yorkers wo n't do business with a murderous regime and we wo n't sell , trade or giveaway our public assets to those who discriminate and participate in human rights abuses . ''
Dromm also told Capital New York , `` The human rights record of that country in particular , where they punish gay people by death and by chemical castration , I felt a moral obligation to speak out on that basis . ''
The Graveyard Book : A Review
Following recent complaints by prominent activists within the Zionist Camp that the party has no real election campaign , a new campaign was launched on Wednesday under the slogan `` Only a sucker votes Netanyahu . ''
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Sources in the party headquarters said Tuesday night that they had considered dismissing the public relations firm in charge of the campaign , Peer Levin PR , but Zionist Camp Chairman Isaac Herzog denied the claim .
However , sources said the firm had been pushed to the sidelines of the campaign , despite remaining on the team .
A senior official in the Zionist Camp 's elections headquarters criticized the campaign : `` We 're weak on the campaign and very strong in the field . We need to reorganize things and strengthen our public relations campaign . ''
Zionist Camp billboard : 'He spends NIS 10,000 on ice cream and you do n't have money to buy cottage cheese . Only a sucker votes Netanyahu . '
The campaign launched on Wednesday morning by the Zionist Camp emphasized what the party considers to be Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's failures . `` One out of every three children in Israel are hungry , and he is buying breakfast for 20,000 shekels , '' read one billboard .
Another ad attacked Netanyahu performance on issues of security : `` 15 years of Qassams on the Gaza border communities , and he 's only strong on slogans . ''
Yet another said : `` He buys 10,000 shekels worth of ice cream , and you do n't have money for cottage cheese . ''
These slogans and others will be part of the new campaign by the Zionist Camp 's youth wing under the banner `` Only a sucker votes Netanyahu '' . The campaign is to appear on social media , billboards , and other locations that have yet to be revealed .
The youth wing 's headquarters released the following statement : `` Netanyahu , over six years you turned us into hopeless people willing to merely survive and not live , into frightened people who are willing to buy into stories and scare tactics , into weak people willing to accept the status quo .
`` Just tired people willing to surrender to reality , and just defeated people who do n't fight to get what they deserve ; but we are done being like that . We are done being your punching bag ; in these elections – we are no suckers . ''
In less than two weeks , Pride weekend 2016 will take over downtown St. Petersburg and police are starting the planning process a week earlier than usual .
The St. Petersburg Police Department is asking other police department and federal authorities for resources for Pride weekend .
`` We already have a plan in place . This is not our first large public event , '' said Yolanda Fernandez , St. Petersburg Police Department .
`` However in light of what happened to our neighbors in Orlando , it makes us look at things a little bit differently and that 's why we 're going to be reaching out to some of those partners , '' she said .
The celebration is the largest pride celebration for the LGBT community in Florida .
Along with a 5K race , organizers have planned a pride festival , parade and concert for the weekend .
One company planning to be apart of the parade , Tranz Media Group LLC , plans to have their own armed security guards on the float with them .
`` The world that we 're living in is that we now have to go through gay pride and actually have armed security guards who are licensed to carry guns to make sure safety is in place , '' Alex Borders said .
Borders said part of their decision was because children will be present on their float .
More than 4,500 people are expected to march in the parade .
`` We 're asking the public , everyone can do their part , if they see something suspicious , something that does n't seem right , say something , '' said Fernandez , `` that gives us the opportunity to do something . ''
Bag checks and metal detectors are not an option because this is an open event on the streets of downtown St. Pete .
Pride organizers will meet with police on Thursday .
`` It 's very easy to just sit at home and be afraid . That 's the easy thing , but unfortunately when we do that , we let them win , '' said Eric Skains , Pride executive director .
Moreover , with large complex sets of training patterns , it is likely that some errors may occur , either in the inputs or in the outputs . In that case , and again particularly in the later parts of the learning process , it is likely that backprop will be contorting the weights so as to fit precisely around training patterns that are actually erroneous ! This phenomenon is known as over-fitting .
This problem can to some extent be avoided by stopping learning early . How does one tell when to stop ? One method is to partition the training patterns into two sets ( assuming that there are enough of them ) . The larger part of the training patterns , say 80 % of them , chosen at random , form the training set , and the remaining 20 % are referred to as the test set . Every now and again during training , one measures the performance of the current set of weights on the test set . One normally finds that the error on the training set drops monotonically ( that 's what a gradient descent algorithm is supposed to do , after all ) . However , error on the test set ( which will be larger , per pattern , than the error on the training set ) will fall at first , then start to rise as the algorithm begins to overtrain . Best generalization performance is gained by stopping the algorithm at the point where error on the test set starts to rise .
generalized delta rule An improvement on the in error backpropagation learning . If the learning rate ( often denoted by η ) is small , the backprop algorithm proceeds slowly , but accurately follows the path of the steepest descent on the error surface . If η is too large , the algorithm may `` bounce off the canyon walls of the error surface '' - i.e . not work well . This can be largely avoided by modifying the delta rule to include a momentum term :
Δw ji ( n ) = α Δw ji ( n–1 ) + η δ j ( n ) y i ( n )
in the notation of Haykin 's text ( Neural networks - a comprehensive foundation ) . The constant α is a termed the momentum constant and can be adjusted to achieve the best effect . The second summand corresponds to the standard delta rule , while the first summand says `` add α × the previous change to this weight . ''
This new rule is called the generalized delta rule . The effect is that if the basic delta rule would be consistently pushing a weight in the same direction , then it gradually gathers `` momentum '' in that direction .
gradient descent
For other ships with the same name , see HMS Vengeance
HMS Vengeance is the fourth and final Vanguard-class submarine of the Royal Navy . [ 1 ] Vengeance carries the Trident ballistic missile , the UK 's nuclear deterrent . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Vengeance was built at Barrow-in-Furness by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering Ltd ( now BAE Systems Submarine Solutions ) , was launched in September 1998 , and commissioned in November 1999 . [ 4 ]
Before she was commissioned , the British Government stated that once the Vanguard submarines became fully operational , they would only carry 200 warheads . [ citation needed ]
Vengeance carries unopened `` last instructions '' ( letters of last resort ) of the current British Prime Minister that are to be used in the event of a national catastrophe or a nuclear strike ; this letter is identical to the letters carried on board the other three submarines of the Vanguard class . [ 5 ]
Operational history [ edit ]
On 31 March 2011 , while on a training exercise Vengeance suffered a blockage in her propulsor causing a reduction in propulsion . The boat returned to Faslane naval base on the surface under her own power . According to the MOD the problems were not nuclear related . [ 6 ]
In 2012 , Vengeance started a 40 month refit at HMNB Devonport near Plymouth [ 7 ] which refueled her reactor and renewed her machinery and electronics . During that period her sister ship Vigilant took her place in the patrol rotations . [ 8 ] She sailed from Devonport on 4 December 2015 , her place in refit being taken by Vanguard . [ 9 ] Vengeance then went through trials from January 2016 to June 2016 and fired an unarmed D5 missile during her Demonstration and Shakedown Operation ( DASO ) which allowed her to return to the fleet . Whilst the firing of the missile was a success , the missile itself suffered a failure during flight and the test was terminated . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Affiliations [ edit ]
General characteristics [ edit ]
Displacement : 16,000 tons submerged
Propulsion : Rolls-Royce PWR2 reactor , two GEC turbines , single shaft , pump jet propulsor
Electrical Power : two Paxman diesel generators , two WH Allen turbogenerators
Speed : 25 knots ( 46 km/h ; 29 mph ) submerged
Complement : 14 officers , 121 men
Strategic Armament : 16 Lockheed Trident II D5 ballistic missiles
Defensive Armament : four 533 mm ( 21-inch ) torpedo tubes , Spearfish torpedoes
See also [ edit ]
SPHERE observations of the planet HD 131399Ab
This annotated composite image shows the newly discovered exoplanet HD 131399Ab in the triple-star system HD 131399 . The image of the planet was obtained with the SPHERE imager on the ESO Very Large Telescope in Chile . This is the first exoplanet to be discovered by SPHERE and one of very few directly-imaged planets . With a temperature of around 580 degrees Celsius and an estimated mass of four Jupiter masses , it is also one of the coldest and least massive directly-imaged exoplanets .
This picture was created from two separate SPHERE observations : one to image the three stars and one to detect the faint planet . The planet appears vastly brighter in this image than in would in reality in comparison to the stars .
About
Helios your Own Private Cloud
Helios4 is a Network Attached Storage or NAS - a smart box with up to 4 hard drives designed to store Family Photos , Music playlists , and Movie collections by connecting to your Home network .
Program movie download & Get Fast access to Videos , Pictures & Music from any device .
Share your photos & files and let friends and family access them anywhere , anytime ...
Protect your data from loss & corruption with RAID redundancy never lose memories again .
Features & Benefits
Helios4 is the cornerstone of a perfect Home network storage
Up to 50 % less than the NAS market standards and you save on Energy
Turnkey solution & Access to a thousand of Free Open Apps
Half the Volume Size of 4 Bay NAS competitors
Custom Color DIY NAS assembled in less than 10 minutes
By using your network Helios4 performs way better in delivering your data at home and makes your content accessible anywhere over the internet .
Helios4 is the single access to your data memories acting as a live back-up for all your family devices .
A Powerful Home Storage Solution
Helios4 is the perfect recipe of high speed interfaces to build a real NAS :
The Marvell ARMADA® 388 is a robust energy-efficient System on Chip ( SoC ) with very powerful processing abilities especially suited for headless data processing , networking and storage . This Dual-core ARM Cortex A9 CPU clocked at 1.8 Ghz integrates a Cryptographic and XOR DMA engines to provides the best level of performance for NAS functionality .
Helios4 Interfaces
The only ARM based board on the market that offers 4x SATA 3.0 ports . This is the key feature that makes this platform the first single board computer specially designed for Network Attached Storage . Enjoy up to 40TB of storage ( 4x Disk of 10TB ) while insuring enough throughput to share your data across your entire home or small office network .
Helios4 Network File Access Performance
Application eco-system
If you want an out of the box solution , we got you covered as we have partnered with key open source projects in order to provide a complete ready to run NAS operating systems on day one .
You will have just to download an image file and load it on an SDcard that you will insert in Helios4 . That 's all .
Our Open Source partners :
Armbian ( Operating System ) - Linux for ARM Development boards .
Lightweight Debian and Ubuntu based distribution specialized for ARM developing boards . Armbian provides a powerful build and software development tools which is supported by a vibrant community .
OpenMediaVault ( Application ) - The Open NAS Solution .
The next generation of NAS turn key solution based on Debian Linux . It is a simple and easy out-of-the-box solution that will allow everyone to install and administrate a NAS without extensive knowledge .
Syncloud ( Application ) - Your Personal App Server .
Have your own online File storage , Social network or Email server . Great Apps like ownCloud & Diaspora are available on Syncloud which adapts all these applications for the best user experience on ARM platform .
Technical Overview
For more info : DETAILED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Choose the right amount of DDR3L memory for your applications , from a perfect 1GB to a generous 2GB .
Connect external storages and enjoy lighting speed to transfer data from or to your hard drives . Or connect a WiFi dongle to make Helios4 wireless .
Reach the full potential of your storage over your network thanks to a full duplex Gigabit Ethernet that will always perform at maximum speed .
Enjoy the simplicity of running your operating system directly from an SD card . Support SDHC or SDXC cards with a bus speed of up 104 MByte/s .
High performance and high density systems require adequate active cooling . Connect up to 2x PWM fans with automatic speed control and monitoring
- Add new features with I2C and GPIO headers ( LCD screen & Control buttons ) .
- Access serial console directly via dedicated mini USB port .
Full Casing Kit
Because this project would be incomplete without a nice casing and all the accessories to make it a perfect appliance , Helios4 will come as a full kit that anyone can assemble in less than 10 minutes , so you can claim to have built your own personal cloud .
Full Kit content :
1x Helios4 Board ( 1GB or 2GB RAM )
1x Color Casing ( available in Black or Blue )
2x 70mm PWM ball bearing FAN
4x SATA Data Cable
2x Molex to dual SATA Power Cable
1x AC Adapter ( 12V/8A )
1x Assembly kit
Basic Kit content :
1x Helios4 Board ( 1GB or 2GB RAM )
4x SATA Data Cable
2x Molex to dual SATA Power Cable
1x AC Adapter ( 12V/8A )
Assembled in less than 10 minutes !
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We believe in Open Source
Open source software
Because simply this project would n't even exist without all the amazing projects out there , any of our software contribution will of course be published on our Github .
Open source hardware
We hope people will adopt our platform and make it their own therefore all hardware details along with schematics will be available on our Wiki page .
Support Helios4 = Support the Community
For each ordered Helios4 kit , US $ 2 will be distributed to the 3 following open source projects :
Armbian
OpenMediaVault
SynCloud
Project timeline
About the team
We are a group of passionate people based in Singapore who love to build and design our own smart home solutions . Our background ranges from aerospace industry to data science , gathering a wide spectrum of engineering skills and experiences . We strongly believe in open source and always held the vision to create an open platform to let people express their creativity and hack around . Helios4 project is our way to contribute back to the OSS community .
Team members :
Science fiction movies have introduced us to gadgets we have all wished were real : Darth Vader and Obi-Wan Kenobi 's light saber from Star Wars and Marty McFly 's hoverboard from Back to the Future .
They do n't exist . But three fans of the large walking war machines featured in the fictional universe of BattleTech have turned one fantasy machine into a reality .
Gui Cavalcanti , Matt Oehrlein and Brinkley Warren are co-founders of MegaBots Inc. in Oakland . They moved from Boston in late 2014 and , in five months , built the Mark II , the first-ever giant piloted fighting robot in the United States .
The MegaBots team said they were inspired by science fiction movies as well as video games like Day 1 Studios ' MechAssault , which lets users get a sense of what it feels like to control a giant robot .
Warren said the team spent last year brainstorming ideas . Once they realized the technology to make robots was accessible they decided to try to build one . “ The technology is possible , and for the first time it 's something that we can turn into a reality , ” Warren said . “ The ah-ha moment was really just going for it . ”
It helped that Cavalcanti had experience as a mechanical engineer at Boston Dynamics , an engineering and robotics design company that is known for building the BigDog for the U.S. military along with anthropomorphic robots like the PETMAN and Atlas . The BigDog was designed to serve as a robotic pack mule to accompany soldiers in terrain too rough for conventional vehicles . The PETMAN is a bipedal device constructed for testing chemical protection suits , while the Atlas was designed for a variety of search and rescue tasks .
Cavalcanti , now the lead engineer , worked with Oehrlein , the lead electrical and controls engineer , to build the Mark II . Warren , who handles MegaBots ' business development was the strategist .
The robot stands 15 feet tall and is made of green and yellow steel , weighing in at 12,000 pounds . It 's equipped with a blaster that shoots custom sized giant paintballs and has a set of Caterpillar skid steer treads to move around with at a whopping 2.5 miles per hour .
It takes two people , a driver and shooter , to pilot the robot using the robotic operating system developed by Willow Garage . The driver can drive the robot around while the gunner controls the arms and fires off the pneumatic paintball gun .
It took MegaBots nearly five months from design to completion ; Warren said the team worked up to 18-hour shifts . The team had a sponsorship from Autodesk worth about $ 175,000 .
The Mark II made its debut at the Maker Faire in San Mateo in May , where they won an Editors ' Choice award . Warren said they had some positive feedback from the press , too .
“ It was really rewarding because … you spend your time working to make this big idea actually come to life , ” Warren said .
Shortly after Makers Faire , MegaBots was contacted by many production companies and famous producers in Hollywood who were interested in investing in the company . But Warren said he declined . “ They wanted to take all of our rights and basically take over the company completely , ” Warren said .
That 's when they came up with the idea to fight Kuratas , the only other BattleMech in the world , made by Suidobashi Heavy Industry in Japan . Kuratas became the world 's first rideable giant robot in 2012 .
Warren and the crew got Suidobashi Heavy 's attention by dishing out a challenge to Kurata in a promotional video . The Japanese company accepted in a video response of its own .
The battle is set for next year , but the specifics about when or where are still undecided . Warren said they are still working out the battle details , including the rules . Warren said safety will be a priority , so they plan to protect the battle arena with baseball-style netting strong enough to stop the massive paintballs the Mark II shoots .
MegaBots launched a KickStarter campaign in August to help build a number of upgrades for the Mark II , like heavy-duty armor plating , new hydraulics to handle heavier armor and firepower , increasing the robot 's top speed and adding a new power unit . They raised $ 554,592 , which was well past their $ 550,000 goal .
“ I do not know the capabilities of the upgraded Kurata , ” Warren said . “ It 's a big mystery as to what the Japanese team will bring to the duel , but I 'm sure it will be awesome . ”
Now that MegaBots has upgrades in the works , Warren said the team wants to start a league for human-piloted giant robot combat . Before that , they have to build more robots , since they only have one so far . To do that , Warren said they 're looking to entice world-class engineers into working full-time for the company .
“ If you 're an engineer , would you rather go work at Google and build a car ? Or would you rather go work at MegaBots and build a giant mech … and then go battle other countries in the most epic new sport of our age ? ” Warren asked .
More than 12,000 houses and other buildings are in danger of collapsing in areas struck by powerful earthquakes last month , government officials said Saturday .
The Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism Ministry has collected reports from municipalities in Kumamoto Prefecture on more than 43,000 buildings and found 12,013 of them to be “ dangerous ” because they could collapse due to aftershocks or other occurrences .
The number is bigger than the 11,699 designated as hazardous following the March 2011 earthquake off Tohoku , even though officials said it is difficult simply to compare the two figures because lots of houses were swept away by the tsunami spawned by the 2011 quake .
Quakes of magnitude 6.5 and 7.3 hit Kumamoto Prefecture on April 14 and 16 , respectively , killing at least 49 people .
The region still appears to be seismically active , with a magnitude-4.5 temblor jolting nearby Oita Prefecture on Friday .
The government is compiling an extra budget to finance reconstruction and support measures for people affected by the quakes in Kumamoto and Oita .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's Cabinet is expected to submit the draft supplementary budget for fiscal 2016 to the Diet in mid-May .
“ I want each ministry and agency to take every necessary step without hesitation , ” Abe told a meeting of government officials to discuss emergency responses to the quakes .
BEIJING — The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague said on Wednesday that it would announce its rulings in a contentious case between China and the Philippines over the South China Sea on July 12 .
The landmark case centers on the Philippine government 's argument that China 's claims over much of the sea , a strategic waterway in the western Pacific , are illegal under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea . The Philippines initiated the case in 2013 after China seized Scarborough Shoal , an atoll that the Philippines administered and that was a favorite fishing ground for Filipino fishermen .
A special five-member tribunal established by the court in 2013 will also decide on the size of maritime zones around rocks and reefs in the Spratly archipelago off the Philippine coast . It will also rule on whether China has caused environmental damage in constructing an artificial island at Mischief Reef .
China has refused to participate in the proceedings , saying that the tribunal has no jurisdiction , and has insisted that it will ignore its rulings .
Imagine you 're a scientist . You work in a lab with some dangerous chemical shit . Shit that will eat your face . It 's generally a safe environment , though . Protocols are followed , the people who work there know what they 're dealing with and how to contain it safely . They know what will react badly with it and what wo n't . Chemical A is dangerous to mix with Chemical B , to expose to ultraviolet light , whatever .
One day , walking through the lab , you see a fellow lab worker deliberately mixing Chemicals A and B right under an ultraviolet light .
You sound an alarm , get everyone out of the room , and turn to them .
“ Why the fuck are you trying to get us all killed ? ”
“ I was n't trying to get anyone killed , I was running an experiment ! ”
“ You never mix those ! Ever ! ALL OF OUR FACES COULD HAVE BEEN EATEN ! ”
“ Dude , calm down . Just tell me why I should n't mix them . I 'm sure I 'll get it . Wo n't happen again . ”
“ No . If you do n't know that stuff already , you 're a danger to yourself and to everyone in this lab . You 're fired . Get out . ”
Labmate did n't mean to put everyone 's faces at risk , but if a situation like that happened , I still would n't let them back in the lab . It would n't matter if the cause of the mistake was malice or ignorance , because no matter which one it was , there would be no reason to think something similar would n't happen again . It would n't matter if Labmate 's feelings were hurt . It would n't matter if all of their friends worked there . It would n't matter if they thought I was overreacting . What would matter is that if they stayed , people 's safety would be at risk .
Kicking this person out is n't about punishing them , it 's about pragmatism . It 's about harm reduction . Functionally , when the concern is safety , it does n't matter whether that safety is put at risk because of malice or ignorance . Whether a person meant to hurt people or just did n't know how to act in a way that would n't hurt people , the end result is the same : that person 's presence put others at risk . Labmate intentionally mixed dangerous chemicals : people get hurt . Labmate mixed the chemicals because he did n't know any better : people get hurt .
Functionally , the impact of sufficiently advanced ignorance is indistinguishable from malice ( in this example , horrible chemical face-eating ) , and as such , functionally , it should be treated the same way . Functionally , in many cases , both malice and ignorance are signs that you can not be relied on not to hurt people . Sometimes the end result is so similar that it 's difficult to tell which one it is in the first place . It does n't matter , though , because the outcome is just as destructive in either case .
This is an analogy for why I do n't give a fuck if someone who sexually assaulted someone else meant to or not , I still want them kicked out of the scene .
This is an analogy for why I do n't give a fuck if someone has poor social skills or not , if they regularly sexually harass people , unknowingly or not , I do n't want them at my conferences .
This is an analogy for why I do n't give a fuck if someone is really a good person and does n't mean to be racist , sexist , classist , etc , I still want them kicked out of safe spaces .
If you lack the knowledge or skills to recognize when you 're crossing a line , you have my sympathy and empathy . That lack of perception can be difficult to deal with . If you think the fact that it 's not intentional makes the harm you do irrelevant , though , reread the beginning of this post , and tell me you think Labmate should be allowed to continue handling dangerous substances . Tell me the fact that their feelings are hurt is more important than the safety of the people around them .
If someone does n't realize that they are making other people uncomfortable , acting inappropriately , insulting , minimizing , degrading others , violating boundaries , etc—that does n't mean they are n't still doing real damage . It may not be intentional , it may be that they 're a product of an environment that failed to prepare them for the environment they find themselves in . That sucks . Be that as it may , the damage done is no less real on account of it . It is no less real and it is no less destructive .
Sexual assault hurts people and it hurts communities . Sexual harassment hurts people and it hurts communities . Discrimination and unchecked privilege hurt people and hurt communities . That damage matters . Full stop .
If people tell you to leave a public space , online or offline , because your presence is causing harm , and you do n't understand why , the correct move is to leave , educate yourself , and come back when you understand what happened well enough to reliably not cause harm in the future . If your presence presents a danger to your community , and they tell you to leave , and you make the conversation about how they should n't kick you out because of your hurt feelings , then you are using emotional blackmail to justify putting people in your community at risk . You are demonstrating how right they are to kick you out in the first place . Full stop .
This post dedicated to everyone who has ever knowingly or unknowingly abused , harassed , discriminated against , minimized the problems of , or otherwise done damage to the communities they participate in and then , when called on it , tried to make the resulting conversation about them and their hurt feelings .
Advertisements
As people are getting their heads around the economic benefits of cloud computing -- pay just for what you use servers and services -- I 've been hearing a lot of people say they 'd use the cloud if only they could move their existing servers to the cloud without a lot of blood , sweat , and toil . This is where Racemi , a cloud-services company , comes in with its easy server migration program .
Racemi 's answer for server to cloud migration is an online point-and-click tool that lets you easily take your servers from your server room to the cloud of your choice . This magic trick is called Racemi Cloud Path .
Cloud Path is a Software as a Service ( SaaS ) offering that the company claims `` requires no infrastructure at the customer location so there is no hardware to buy and nothing to maintain . Cloud Path makes it possible to quickly migrate existing applications to cloud computing providers , like Amazon EC2 , Rackspace , Terremark , and GoGrid without costly professional services or rebuilding servers from scratch . By comparison , it can take hours or even days to migrate an existing application manually , costing hundreds or even thousands of dollars . ''
In a statement , James Strayer , Racemi 's VP of product management , said , `` We 've taken our award-winning DynaCenter image-based provisioning software and made it available online as a service . This enables businesses to migrate their existing applications into the cloud with very little cost and absolutely zero risk . There is no easier way to get into cloud computing . ''
I might just assume that was hype , but Racemi has actually been doing a good job of moving servers for a while now . Before Racemi DynaCenter 4.0 , which was released this spring , made it possible to move workloads from physical server to virtual and cloud systems , it had long been used move servers from one machine to another .
The really neat thing about this is that DynaCenter , and now Cloud Path , does n't require you to modify your server to make it portable . In short , you really can just move your local servers to the cloud without a lot of pain and suffering .
Just as nice , with Cloud Path you can avoid cloud vendor lock-in . Say you discover that Amazon EC2 is n't for you . Usually shifting from one cloud provider can be another can be a nightmare . Racemi promises that Cloud Path can also make shifting servers from one cloud to another a simple point-and-click operation . I really like the sounds of that .
Cloud Path works by comparing the configuration and resources of the source and destination servers , and configuring the necessary network , storage , and virtual machine components `` in-flight '' to ensure that the image can be run on the target cloud platform . Thus , it automates the migration process so that all need do is to make any needed tweaks on its journey to the cloud and then check it out once it 's arrived .
While I have n't tried it myself , others have tried it out and it seems to work . In a press statement , Rachel Chalmers , research director for The 451 Group a respected research company , said , `` More and more organizations need cloud on-boarding and migration tools , and this [ machine to cloud and cloud-to-cloud ] is a natural application for Racemi 's technology . Making it easily available via software-as-a-service is the logical next step . ''
You can give it a run for yourself for free and see it works for you . As part of its beta testing , Racemi is offering free cloud migrations for its first hundred users . At this time , they 're only supporting the migration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) and CentOS Linux to Amazon EC2 , GoGrid , Rackspace , and Terremark . The company will be offering additional OS platforms and cloud providers as the project matures .
Even if you miss this trial , you 're still not out of luck . You only pay for Cloud Path 's migration service if it works . So , if you 've been thinking about trying the cloud out for your servers , but the headaches of migration and fear of cloud vendor lock-in was stopping you , Cloud Path is for you .
Related Stories :
Checking in , checking out , Racemi frees cloud workloads
Freeing virtual machines - Racemi
Racemi - cloud migration made easy
5 costly cloud migration mistakes
Ubuntu Linux heads to the clouds
San Jose Earthquakes ' rookie right back Nick Lima has had a dream start to his MLS career . Two games into the season and the 22-year-old has found the back of the net , placed in MLS Team of the Week , and penned himself into the Quakes record book .
After shutting down Ignacio Piatti ( one of the top attackers in MLS ) and holding him to only one shot ; Lima delivered another emphatic performance against Vancouver Whitecaps . The Quakes ' second homegrown player in team 's history recorded ( according to whoscored.com ) 10 crosses , two interceptions , and completed 85 % of his 72 passes against Vancouver . Most importantly , he became Quakes first homegrown player ever to score in league play .
With Lima 's immediate positive impact has come high praise from team captain and MLS fourth all-time leading scorer , Chris Wondolowski . The internationally capped forward confessed he is knee deep for the Nick Lima Hype Train .
Chris Wondolowski on rookie @ nick__lima ‘ s fast start to the season : “ I 'm on the Nick Lima hype train right now . In fact , I 'm driving it. ” — Robert Jonas ( @ robertjonas ) March 12 , 2017
Not only has the young fullback caught the eye of supporters and teammates , but of media as well . Lima recently appeared on podcast The SBI Show and had a segment dedicated to him on NBC Bay Area News at 6 conducted by Colin Resch . Surprised by the gradation in his tender career with the Quakes , as well as the media that follows , Lima vows to continue developing as a player .
“ No , I mean , I knew guys come up and say , ‘ there is media , you know , you do well there is media , and it comes with that territory , ' but I 'm just trying to keep my head down and get to work everyday , ” said Lima . “ It 's fun you get to play soccer for a living and that 's what 's most important to me . ”
Quakes ' defender Marvell Wynne 's injury was the opening door for the homegrown , for which , he has gone through and never looked back . Although the season is in its premature stages , Lima is poised to move forward with a learning attitude .
“ Just every practice , everyday there is stuff to learn , you know as a new guy , ” said Lima . “ Hopefully get a lot of minutes and keep playing in games . I 'm gon na have to continue to learn and grow every game , because other teams will obviously figure things out and if I do n't learn , it will be bad . ”
Hugh O'Flaherty CBE ( 28 February 1898 – 30 October 1963 ) , was an Irish Catholic priest and senior official of the Roman Curia , and significant figure in Catholic resistance to Nazism . During World War II , the monsignor was responsible for saving 6,500 Allied soldiers and Jews . His ability to evade the traps set by the German Gestapo and Sicherheitsdienst ( SD ) , earned O'Flaherty the nickname `` The Scarlet Pimpernel of the Vatican '' . [ 1 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Shortly after Hugh O'Flaherty 's birth in Lisrobin , Kiskeam , County Cork , his parents , James and Margaret , moved to Killarney . [ 2 ] The family lived on the golf course where James O'Flaherty worked as a steward . [ 3 ] By his late teens , young O'Flaherty had a scratch handicap and a scholarship to a teacher training college .
However , in 1918 he enrolled at Mungret College , a Jesuit college in County Limerick dedicated to preparing young men for missionary priesthood . [ 4 ] Normally , students ranged from 14 to 18 years of age . At the time when O'Flaherty came in , he was a little older than most of the students , about 20 . [ 5 ] The college allowed for some older people to come in if they had been accepted by a bishop who would pay for them .
O'Flaherty 's sponsor was the Bishop of Cape Town , Cornelius O'Reilly , in whose diocese he would be posted after ordination , [ 6 ] a big step for a young man who had never set foot outside of Munster . At the time when O'Flaherty was in Mungret , the Irish War for Independence was ongoing . [ 7 ] He was posted to Rome in 1922 to finish his studies and was ordained on 20 December 1925 . He would never join his diocese . Instead , he stayed to work for the Holy See , serving as a Vatican diplomat in Egypt , Haiti , Santo Domingo , and Czechoslovakia . In 1934 , he was appointed a papal chamberlain with the title monsignor . In 1953 he was named a domestic prelate .
World War II [ edit ]
In the early years of World War II , The Very Rev . Monsignor Hugh O'Flaherty ( as he was then ) toured prisoner of war ( POW ) camps in Italy and tried to find out about prisoners who had been reported missing in action . If he found them alive , he tried to reassure their families through Radio Vatican . [ 8 ]
When Mussolini was removed from power by the King in 1943 , thousands of Allied POWs were released ; however , when Germany imposed an occupation over Italy , they were in danger of recapture . Some of them , remembering visits by O'Flaherty , reached Rome and asked him for help . Others went to the Irish embassy to the Holy See , the only English-speaking embassy to remain open in Rome during the war . Delia Murphy , who was the wife of Dr Thomas J. Kiernan , the Irish ambassador ( and , in her day , a well-known ballad singer ) , was one of those who helped O'Flaherty . [ 9 ]
Monsignor O'Flaherty did not wait for permission from his superiors . He recruited the help of other priests ( including two young New Zealanders , Fathers Owen Snedden and John Flanagan ) , two agents working for the Free French , François de Vial and Yves Debroise , and even communists and a Swiss count . One of his aides was British Major Sam Derry , a POW escapee . Derry along with British officers and escaped POWs Lieutenants Furman and Simpson , and Captain Byrnes , a Canadian , were responsible for the security and operational organisation . O'Flaherty also kept contact with Sir D'Arcy Osborne , British Ambassador to the Holy See , and his butler John May ( whom O'Flaherty described as `` a genius ... the most magnificent scrounger '' ) . O'Flaherty and his allies concealed 4,000 escapees , mainly Allied soldiers and Jews , in flats , farms and convents . One of the first hideouts was beside the local SS headquarters . O'Flaherty and Derry coordinated all this . When outside the Vatican , O'Flaherty wore various disguises . The German occupiers tried to stop him and eventually they found out that the leader of the network was a priest . SS attempts to assassinate him failed . They learned his identity , but could not arrest him inside the Vatican . When the German ambassador revealed this to O'Flaherty , he began to meet his contacts on the stairs of St. Peter 's Basilica . [ citation needed ]
Obersturmbannführer Herbert Kappler , the head of the SS Sicherheitsdienst and Gestapo in Rome , learned of O'Flaherty 's actions ; he ordered a white line painted on the pavement at the opening of St. Peter 's Square ( signifying the border between Vatican City and Italy ) , stating that the priest would be killed if he crossed it . Ludwig Koch , head of the Fascist police in Rome , often spoke of his intention to torture O'Flaherty before executing him if he ever fell into his hands . [ 10 ]
Several others , including priests , nuns and lay people , worked in secret with O'Flaherty , and even hid refugees in their own private homes around Rome . Among these were the Augustinian Maltese Fathers Egidio Galea , Aurelio Borg and Ugolino Gatt , the Dutch Augustinian Father Anselmus Musters and Brother Robert Pace of the Brothers of Christian Schools . Another person who contributed significantly to this operation was the Malta-born widow Chetta Chevalier [ 11 ] who hid some refugees in her house with her children , and escaped detection . [ 12 ] Jewish religious services were conducted in the Basilica di San Clemente , which was under Irish diplomatic protection , under a painting of Tobias . [ 13 ]
When the Allies arrived in Rome in June 1944 , 6,425 of the escapees were still alive . O'Flaherty demanded that German prisoners be treated properly as well . He took a plane to South Africa to meet Italian POWs and to Jerusalem to visit Jewish refugees . Of the 9,700 Jews in Rome , 1,007 had been shipped to Auschwitz . The rest were hidden , over 5,000 of them by the Church − 300 in Castel Gandolfo , 200 or 400 ( estimates vary ) as `` members '' of the Palatine Guard and some 1,500 in monasteries , convents and colleges . The remaining 3,700 were hidden in private homes . [ 14 ]
At the time of the liberation of Rome , O'Flaherty 's and Derry 's organisation was caring for 3,925 escapees and men who had succeeded in evading arrest . Of these 1,695 were British , 896 South African , 429 Russian , 425 Greek and 185 American . The remainder were from 20 different nations . This does not include Jews and sundry other men and women who were in O'Flaherty 's personal care .
After the war Monsignor O'Flaherty received a number of awards , including Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) and the US Medal of Freedom with Silver Palm . He was also honoured by Canada and Australia . He refused to use the lifetime pension that Italy had given him . In the 1950s , the Chaplet of the Divine Mercy , in the form proposed by the now-canonised Mary Faustina Kowalska , was under a ban from the Vatican . It was O'Flaherty who , as Notary , signed the document that notified Catholics of the ban . [ 15 ] He was the first Irishman named Notary of the Holy Office .
O'Flaherty regularly visited his old nemesis Herbert Kappler ( the former SS chief in Rome ) , in prison , month after month , being Kappler 's only visitor . In 1959 , Kappler converted to Catholicism and was baptised by O'Flaherty . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
In 1960 , O'Flaherty suffered a serious stroke during Mass and was forced to return to Ireland . Shortly before his first stroke in 1960 , he was due to be confirmed as the Papal Nuncio to Tanzania . He moved to Cahersiveen to live with his sister , at whose home he died on 30 October 1963 , aged 65 . He was buried in the cemetery of the Daniel O'Connell Memorial Church in Cahersiveen . There is a monument in Killarney town and a grove of trees dedicated to his memory in the Killarney National Park . [ 18 ]
Some sources incorrectly state that , in 2003 , he became the first Irish person honoured as Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] However , according to the list of those honoured , this is not the case . [ 21 ] [ 22 ]
Dramatization [ edit ]
O'Flaherty was portrayed by Gregory Peck in the 1983 television film , The Scarlet and the Black , which follows the exploits of O'Flaherty from the German occupation of Rome to its liberation by the Allies .
He was also the second principal character in a radio play by Robin Glendinning on Kappler 's time seeking asylum in the Vatican , titled The Scarlet Pimpernel of the Vatican , which was first broadcast on 30 November 2006 on Radio 4 , with Wolf Kahler as Kappler . [ 16 ]
Killarney-born actor and playwright Donal Courtney penned a new one-man play entitled `` God has no Country '' which he premièred in Killarney as part of the Hugh O Flaherty memorial celebrations for 3 nights in October 2013 . Courtney portrays the monsignor during the wartime years in German occupied Rome and the story is told from the monsignor 's point of view and is a study of the torment and difficulty in the decisions he undertook in his fight for justice .
Television [ edit ]
The Irish-language television station TG4 broadcast a 51-minute documentary on Monsignor O'Flaherty in 2008 . It is available ( in mixed Irish/English with English subtitles ) on a region-free DVD entitled The Pimpernel of the Vatican – The Amazing Story of Monsignor Hugh O'Flaherty .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Turtle-y awesome dude : Giants of the deep show all is well beneath the waves with a magical underwater high-five
This amazing image captures the moment two Green turtles seemingly share an underwater high-five .
Known as Shelley and Casey , the happy pair were caught on camera by eagle-eyed photographer Troy Mayne as he swam at Moore Reef , part of The Great Barrier Reef off the east coast of Australia .
The 39-year-old has written a series of 20 children 's books , using the images he has taken to bring his stories to life .
Called Shelley and Casey , the pair have made their home at Moore Reef - part of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef
The photograph was taken by Australian photographer Troy Mayne , 39
Mr Mayne , who took the photos , has written a series of 20 books featuring the turtles and Wally the Maori Wrasse
Turtles are naturally solitary animals but a group of the animals have latched onto Mr Mayne and now follow him around He said turtles swim right up and even grab old of him to share a hug and when he leaves the water they follow hmi to the end of the pontoon .
He added : 'Despite popular perception they are quite smart . They always have their heads in my pocket trying to get some food out , when I am not looking . 'If I do not pay them attention and feed them , they will give me a little nip to let me know they are waiting . ' I feel so privileged to have the interaction and friendship that I have with these wild animals . They truly are incredible animals . Mr Mayne used a Nikon digital SLR camera housed in special underwater case to take the photos and incorporated an underwater flash to bring the subjects to light .
He said : 'Many of the photos are just lucky accidents , right place at the right time , but many have been painstakingly set up , sometimes taking weeks to get . '
The beautiful patterned turtles both stretch out their long necks as they try to get hold of the same bit of food
The turtles eye each other up while beautiful zebra fish and other tropical species dance around in the warm waters
Mr Mayne says the despite popular perception they are quite smart and are always hunting for food in his pockets
One of the turtles appears to be trying to get some shut eye in this photo taken on a Nikon digital SLR
Many of the photos are just lucky accidents but Mr Mayne says a many others require painstakingly preparation and sometimes taking weeks to get
Like other sea turtles , green turtles migrate long distances between feeding grounds and hatching beaches
Female green turtles crawl out on beaches , dig nests and lay eggs during the night . Later , hatchlings emerge and walk into the water . Those that reach maturity may live to age 80 in the wild
Behind Unemployment Figure , A Nuanced Outlook
The U.S. unemployment rate took a big tumble in November , from 9 percent to 8.6 percent , according to the government 's monthly jobs data . Still , it 's probably too soon to pop the champagne corks . A combination of forces caused the big drop , some good and some bad .
Getting a big fall in the unemployment rate is always good news in the White House , but President Obama was careful not to gloat at an appearance Friday in Washington .
`` This morning we learned that our economy added another 140,000 private sector jobs in November . The unemployment rate went down , '' he said .
The president did n't make a big deal about the unemployment rate falling sharply — maybe because he 's afraid it will go up again .
Unemployment Rate Percent of U.S. workers age 16 and older NPR
Diane Swonk , chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago , says the president might be playing it down because there 's another reason the rate fell so much : 315,000 people gave up looking for work .
`` Many people are just not even trying right now , '' she says , `` and seeing people just drop out of the labor force entirely is not the best reason in the world to have the unemployment rate move down . ''
Of course , the best reason to have the unemployment rate go down is because new jobs were created . There was some of that in November , but the headline number — 120,000 net new jobs — was not enough to bring the unemployment rate down .
That probably sounds like a contradiction — because it is .
The disconnect between the unemployment rate and the job growth number happens , says Swonk , because they come from two different sets of data . The headline unemployment rate comes from a survey of households . Meanwhile , every month , the headline job growth number comes from a survey of businesses .
`` That 's a survey of established firms , and it does n't always capture changes in small business formation , the new businesses that are being created out there , '' Swonk says , `` and we 're starting to see some evidence that that may be picking up . ''
The fact is it takes a few months for the Labor Department to find those new businesses , like designer Anke Loh 's new online fashion store , which was launched two months ago .
`` In the online store you can see mainly scarves and shawls and a T-shirt line , '' Loh says . So far , she 's the only person on the payroll .
`` I do have freelance people , graphic designers , I mean , for every little bit of this company , I have people who help me , '' she says .
Loh says she has n't received any forms from the Labor Department asking for the number of employees she has .
This is the kind of business that 's not picked up in the statistics immediately , and it 's much more likely to show up in the household survey because it 's more grassroots than the survey of established businesses .
However , even if there are entrepreneurial juices producing jobs unnoticed in the official data , the economy continues to face many challenges . Right now , the darkest cloud may be the debt crisis in Europe . If there 's a financial meltdown there , it would hurt the U.S. economy and the job market .
Independent Panel Finds That State Is Fundamentally Accountable For What Happened In Flint Cites Negligence At All Levels And Says It Not Only Affects The Citizens Of Flint 's Health , But Their “ Trust In Government ”
An investigatory panel specifically commissioned by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder issued its final report Wednesday regarding its findings towards the government negligence which led to the ongoing crisis in Flint , MI . The report wastes little time in casting blame on the State of Michigan , its bureaucratic agencies responsible for minimizing the impact of this catastrophe , and Governor Snyder himself for his willful disregard of the situation until such time as it could not be ignored due to mass media attention .
The report confirms and expands on a number of suspected shortcomings , oversights , and general apathy from Michigan state agencies , particularly the Michigan Department of Environmental Equality ( MDEQ ) which allowed the crisis to dramatically worsen . It found that MDEQ misinterpreted the federal lead and copper rule , which means to protect Americans from drinking elevated levels of lead , and then in turn made things worse by misapplying its requirements and under-reporting the high exposure for residents that continued for months . It found further – and seemingly suggests that pride played a factor – that MDEQ waited too long before begrudgingly permitting an intervention from the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to perform its own investigation .
Its executive summary opens by saying “ The Flint water crisis is a story of government failure , intransigence , unpreparedness , delay , inaction , and environmental justice . The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality ( MDEQ ) failed in its fundamental responsibility to effectively enforce drinking water regulations . The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services ( MDHHS ) failed to adequately and promptly act to protect public health . Both agencies , but principally the MDEQ , stubbornly worked to discredit and dismiss others ' attempts to bring the issues of unsafe water , lead contamination , and increased cases of Legionellosis to light . ”
Further into the executive summary , the report issues a direct indictment of Snyder 's apathetic incompetence , writing “ Neither the Governor nor the Governor 's office took steps to reverse poor decisions by MDEQ and state-appointed emergency managers until October 2015 , in spite of mounting problems and suggestions to do so by senior staff members in the Governor 's office , in part because of continued reassurances from MDEQ that the water was safe . The significant consequences of these failures will be long-lasting . They have deeply affected Flint 's public health , its economic future , and residents ' trust in government . ”
The report then continues onto cast blame at the state-appointed emergency managers who were installed by Snyder to manage the situation . Contrary to claims that emergency managers , and not Flint 's local officials , originally made the decision to switch Flint 's water from Detroit to the Flint River , the report also found that this government oversight was the first grave misstep in a series of judgement errors which ultimately led to the Federal Crisis .
As a result of the combined failings of MDEQ , MDHHS , and Flint 's emergency managers who were appointed by Snyder given Flint 's dire economic situation , the report places primary accountability on state government and the Snyder Administration .
Ultimate accountability for Michigan executive branch decisions rest with the Governor . ”
In his press release responding to the report , Snyder did not mention those findings , or the accusatory tone the report concludes with , instead choosing to focus on the state 's cooperation with many of the report 's recommendations . “ We are taking dozens of actions to change how we operate – not just to hold ourselves accountable , but to completely change state government 's accountability to the people we serve , ” said Snyder .
The Flint water crisis is a clear case of environmental injustice. ” Snyder has maintained that race did not play a role in the crisis . Yet the report says , “ Flint residents , who are majority Black or African American and among the most impoverished of any metropolitan area in the United States , did not enjoy the same degree of protection from environmental and health hazards as that provided to other communities .
People of color are more likely to live near , and subsequently be exposed to pollution and contamination . The Black Lives Matter movement released an official statement in January standing in solidarity with the resident of Flint .
Several prominent members of Congress have called for Snyder 's resignation , and many prominent activists are calling for criminal charges to be brought against Snyder and his administration .
It was reported last week that the Philadelphia Eagles and Fletcher Cox are close on a new contract . Now there 's a report about what the money in the deal could potentially look like :
Negotiations continue between # eagles and DT-DL Fletcher Cox for deal that could be worth over 100M w 60-70M guaranteed . @ FOX29philly — Howard Eskin ( @ howardeskin ) February 1 , 2016
Fletcher Cox # eagles would be one of top 3 to 4 at his position when deal gets done . And he clearly is at that level in # NFL @ FOX29philly — Howard Eskin ( @ howardeskin ) February 1 , 2016
`` Over $ 100 million '' is certainly a lot of money . The Miami Dolphins signed defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh as a free agent last offseason to a six-year deal worth up to $ 114,375,000 with nearly $ 60 million of that guaranteed . Marcell Dareus and Gerald McCoy both have deals worth up to over $ 95 million .
It 's not a surprise to see that Cox wo n't be cheap . He 's only 25 years old and he 's already an elite player . One would think Cox has the potential to be even more dangerous as a defensive tackle in Jim Schwartz 's 4-3 scheme as opposed to a defensive end in Chip Kelly 's preferred two-gapping 3-4 defense .
One of my carioca lady friends was relaying a story to me and and three other girls . It was about a guy who saw a girl on the subway in New York and fell in love . But instead of saying something to the girl , he went home , drew a picture of her , then made an internet site with the picture and forwarded it to his friends . The site got around and they found the girl , who happened to be Australian . The media got involved and made a big deal about it and reunited them with tears of joy all around . They “ dated for a while , ” which means once the thrill died down she dumped him .
The other girls were touched by this story and went silent as they looked at their drinks , perhaps wishing they could meet a man who obsesses over them like that . Thing is I 'm sure they have , but since there was no media coverage they just put those guys in the friends zone .
At risk of being banished from the group I raised my hand to speak and said I thought the guy was a loser who has trouble with women . My comment was not well-received .
“ Do n't you believe in love at first sight ? ”
“ No , ” I said .
“ You 're not romantic at all. ” They shook their head , regretting they ever made friends with a gringo .
I dropped the issue because I wanted to make it from the table alive , but there seems to be a very fine line between being romantic and being a pathetic beta male . Or perhaps there is no line .
Postscript : Apparently the story is true , but “ dated for a while ” actually means “ went out for coffee. ” Here is the original site he made and here is more information than you 'll ever need to know about these two people .
Facelets is a comprehensive and full featured template engine , and if JavaServer Faces 2.x is your presentation tier technology of choice , using Facelets is pretty much a given . But one of the frustrating problems with Facelets is the fact that each request-response cycle requires a full page refresh , a process that not only makes the application feel slow and less responsive , but it also puts greater load on both the network and server side resources . JSF 2.0 introduced a whole whack of great new tools for incorporating Ajax into your applications , but there is no clear and obvious way to use the Ajax based facilities built into tools like the commandLink and commandButton that allow those components to trigger an Ajax based refresh of a given section of a Facelets template .
An Ajax based request-response cycle using Facelets
Now , you 'll notice that I chose my words in that previous paragraph carefully . I said there was no clear and obvious way to integrate JSF based Ajax triggers with a Facelets template , but that does n't mean it ca n't be done . In fact , it can be done , and it 's really not that complicated .
For the example will will develop in this tutorial , the main content area of our application will update itself through Ajax based calls . As you can see in the following images , the central content , which transitions for asking the name , the date of birth and finally a confirmation page , will all be updated through Ajax calls . Right now we are just concentrating on moving between pages using Facelets , JSF and Ajax , so no actual input is being taken from the user . After all , we want to walk before we can run , and there 's no point in complicating things right now by taking user input ; clicking on the commandLink will be user input enough .
Working with the FacePainter
The actual content to be displayed here varies , which mean we need a variable to keep track of what should be displayed here . And since variables in Java need to be contained within a class , we will need to create a class , too . The class will be named FacePainter , and the variable will be a String named mainContent . Furthermore , since the landing page of the application is the one that asks the user when their birthday is , we will initialize the mainContent property to content/01name.xhtml .
package com.mcnz.facelets ; import javax.faces.bean.ManagedBean ; import javax.faces.bean.SessionScoped ; @ ManagedBean ( name= '' facePainter '' ) @ SessionScoped public class FacePainter { private String mainContent = `` content/01name.xhtml '' ; public String getMainContent ( ) { return mainContent ; } public void setMainContent ( String mainContent ) { this.mainContent = mainContent ; } }
Facelets , JSF ManagedBeans and Ajax
So the content area varies , as is evidenced by the fact that we have created a variable that tracks it . But when does the content variable change ? Well , it changes whenever a user clicks the next button and chooses to move to a new page . Some server-side logic is required to make this type of logic happen , so our application now calls for the services of a manged bean . We 'll call our managed bean UserInfo and add three methods , one that takes the user to the landing page , one that processes the username and one that processes the birthday information .
package com.mcnz.facelets ; import javax.faces.bean.ManagedBean ; import javax.faces.bean.ManagedProperty ; import javax.faces.bean.SessionScoped ; @ ManagedBean @ SessionScoped public class UserInfo { @ ManagedProperty ( value= '' # { facePainter } '' ) public FacePainter facePainter ; public FacePainter getFacePainter ( ) { return facePainter ; } public void setFacePainter ( FacePainter facePainter ) { this.facePainter = facePainter ; } public void backToLandingPage ( ) { facePainter.setMainContent ( `` content/01name.xhtml '' ) ; } public void captureUsername ( ) { facePainter.setMainContent ( `` content/02birthday.xhtml '' ) ; } public void captureBirthday ( ) { facePainter.setMainContent ( `` content/03summary.xhtml '' ) ; } }
Next , we are going to copy the content of the layout.xhtml page into a new page called index.xhtml , with one small change : rather than hard coding the name of a page to include in the content area , we will simply reference the mainContent variable of the FacePainter :
< div id= '' content '' > < ui : insert name= '' content '' > < ui : include src= '' # { facePainter.mainContent } '' / > < /ui : insert > < /div >
And that is how to create your managed beans that will be used to dynamically update the mainContent variable of the FacePainter , along with the code snipped used by the Facelets template to dynamically update the content delivered to the client using an Ajax based request from a JSF component . In part two of this tutorial , we will bring all of these components together to complete the Ajax based Facelets application .
JSF , Facelets and Ajax Tutorial : Part II
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 19 , 2016 , 10:07 PM GMT / Updated July 20 , 2016 , 9:00 AM GMT By Erik Ortiz
A police officer in Kansas City , Kansas , was killed Tuesday afternoon after pursuing suspects wanted in a drive-by shooting , authorities said .
Kansas City , Kansas , police Capt . Robert Melton was pronounced dead at the hospital . Police said two people are in custody and they are not looking for any other suspects , NBC affiliate KSHB reported .
Kansas City , Kansas , police captain Robert David Melton has died following a shooting , July 19 . KSHB
`` There 's a lot of pain and brokenness in our community and nation right now , '' Kansas City Mayor Mark Holland said at a news conference , pleading with residents to `` not go down a path '' of fear and hatred .
Melton 's death is the latest to rock the law enforcement community in the city of 467,000 people after KCK Police Detective Brad Lancaster was killed in May .
The region is also reeling after the revelation that Gavin Long , the suspected shooter in Sunday 's deadly ambush of three officers in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , was from neighboring Kansas City , Missouri .
Kansas Gov . Sam Brownback tweeted Tuesday afternoon that the state `` grieves for the KCK officer who today lost his life in the line of duty . ''
Melton , 46 , was a 17-year law enforcement veteran , served in the Kansas National Guard and was known for consistently wearing a bullet-proof vest — something he regularly reminded his colleagues to do as well , officials said .
Police Chief Terry Zeigler said details of Melton 's shooting would be made public at a news conference Wednesday morning .
The fatal chain of events began when a person called 911 at around 1:30 p.m. CT ( 2:30 p.m . ET ) to say multiple people were firing at them from a car , reported NBC affiliate KSHB .
Neighbors told the station they heard 15 to 20 shots .
Police arrived moments later , and one person was taken into custody . Melton arrived and pursued the car in a chase .
The suspects `` bailed from the vehicle '' and opened fire , striking Melton , Zeigler said . Police said three people in all were taken into custody , but one of them was released after it was determined they were not involved , KSHB reported . Police were expected to release more information at a Wednesday morning briefing .
Officer-involved shootings and attacks have been in the forefront in recent weeks with the killing of cops in Baton Rouge and Dallas .
In suburban St. Louis , a police officer who was shot July 8 by a driver in a traffic stop was left paralyzed , Ballwin officials said Monday .
Dana White has long been calling Bruce Lee the 'Father of Mixed Martial Arts ' , and the UFC has even added him as a playable character on their upcoming video game . Whether you agree with the UFC president or not , Bruce Lee is an icon in the Martial Arts world , whether from inspiring fans with his films , or influencing generations from his philosophy about fighting .
Among his signature moves is his one-inch punch , a short shot that still manages to generate an insane amount of power . Jessica Rose , a Stanford University biomechanical researcher , has explained the science behind the punch and PopularMechanics has the summary :
`` When watching the one-inch punch , you can see that his leading and trailing legs straighten with a rapid , explosive knee extension , '' Rose says . The sudden jerk of his legs increases the twisting speed of Lee 's hips—which , in turn , lurches the shoulder of his thrusting arm forward .
As Lee 's shoulder bolts ahead , his arm gets to work . The swift and simultaneous extension of his elbow drives his fist forward . For a final flourish , Rose says , `` flicking his wrist just prior to impact may further increase the fist velocity . '' Once the punch lands on target , Lee pulls back almost immediately . Rose explains that this shortens the impact time of his blow , which compresses the force and makes it all the more powerful . By the time the one-inch punch has made contact with its target , Lee has combined the power of some of the biggest muscles in his body into a tiny area of force .
While the mechanics concerning multiple muscle movements have been explained , the study states that Bruce Lee 's muscles are n't exactly the most important factor here . Everything segment and motion during the punch relies on timing , coordination , and accuracy .
As they state , `` each joint in Lee 's body has a single moment of peak acceleration , and to get maximum juice out of the move , Lee must layer his movements so that each period of peak acceleration follows the last one instantly '' . This is where the brain comes in .
Although obviously not done with Lee 's participation , a separate study conducted in 2012 by Ed Roberts , a neuroscientist at Imperial College London , found a similar conclusion . They put together Karate experts along with equally fit and built people from a non-martial arts background , and compared their short distance punches , which the study states to be 2 inches or fewer .
The martial artists unsurprisingly had resulted with the stronger punches , but the more interesting finding was that it 's not just the body 's muscles that factor in with their explosiveness . A lot has to do with developing the brain to adapt and cope to certain situations :
When Roberts took brain scans of his study 's participants , he also found that the force and coordination of each participant 's two-inch punch was directly related to the microstructure of white matter—the substance that manages communication between brain cells—in a part of the brain called the supplementary motor cortex . This is important , because this brain region handles the coordination between the muscles of the limbs , which close-range punches rely on . The altered white matter allows for more abundant or complex cell connections in that brain region , Roberts says , which could increase the puncher 's ability to synchronize his or her movements .
So Bruce Lee owes his master feat in part to a beefed-up glob of white matter . Like his muscles , Lee earned his brainpower the hard way , with many years of practice . Roberts says the white matter changes in his study 's participants can be traced to the concept of neuroplasticity—the brain 's ability to fundamentally rewire itself to cope with new demands .
As the study shows , the more these martial artists train and practice these complex motions , it 's not just the muscular structure in the body that improves , the white matter in their supplementary motor cortex also copes and evolves more .
So I guess if someone says you should pick up a book instead of just doing Muay Thai or BJJ all the time , you can always say you 've already spent enough time working on your brain power in the gym . Seriously though , pick up a book .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan ' , his first major social campaign since assuming office , on October 2 for a filth-free India .
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi 's 145th birthday , Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi 's dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination .
The Rs 62,000-crore campaign , India 's biggest cleanliness drive , will cover over 4,000 towns in the next five years . The government 's objective , however , is to make it a pan-Indian mission , one under which every individual is a stakeholder .
The campaign has completed a month . HT took to the streets to find out whether Swachh Bharat has truly caught on or become yet another instance of lip service .
Below are a few pictures of places that were cleaned on October 2 , and the same places on November 1 .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Mandir Marg during the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign , in Delhi . ( PTI Photo )
Mandir Marg seen after a month . ( Mohd . Zakir/HT Photo )
VJTI College students participate in cleanliness campaign at Dadar Beach . ( Kunal Patil/HT Photo )
Dadar Beach after one month . ( Prodip Guha/HT Photo )
Dr Mahesh Chaturvedi , dressed as Mahatma Gandhi , sweeps a street near Jantar Mantar , New Delhi , on October 2 . ( Raj K Raj/HT Photo )
Jantar Mantar seen after a month . ( Mohd . Zakir/ HT Photo )
DGP Omendra Bharadwaj and senior police officials participate in the cleanliness drive in Jaipur , Rajasthan , on October 2 . ( HT Photo )
Garbage littered at the place after a month . ( Himanshu Vyas/HT Photo )
BJP MLA Usha Thakur ( centre ) sweeping the floor at Krishnapura Chhatri premises in Indore , Madhya Pradesh , on October 2 . ( Arun Mondhe/HT Photo )
Krishnapura Chhatri premise on November 1 . ( Arun Mondhe/HT Photo )
Minsiter of state for railways Manoj Sinha at CST railway station in Mumbai on October 2 . ( Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo )
CST railway station after a month . ( Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo )
A lane near Patanipura square in Indore on October 2 . ( Amit K Jaiswal/HT Photo )
The same lane as seen after a month . ( Shankar Mourya/HT Photo )
See for yourself and be the judge of where Swacch Bharat stands .
First Published : Nov 02 , 2014 15:09 IST
ViewtifulJC said : Only if you blantantly disregard major facets of it to fit your imaginary fantasy bullshit version , like hiring the original voice actors and cutscene directors , Itsuno and his dev team , the story taking place after DMC4 , DMC3 and 4 characters majorily involved , the game internal name being Devil May Cry V , explicit references to events that happen in the DMC3/4 continuity ...
if you ignore ALL that , and then invent new ideas about NT being involved that came right out of your ass
then yeah its not a big stretch at all Click to expand ...
Rob said : I mean , I would still play and enjoy DmC2 , but that does not line up with anything in the OP except for `` Devil May Cry . '' Click to expand ...
TheEnd said : People really need to get over DmC , I would n't be surprised if a color palette , or even a straight up DmC skin shows up in DMC5 . Click to expand ...
I 'm just disregarding some elements from the `` leak '' , as they have so far remained unconfirmed . I 'm sorry if you think I 'm bullshitting you or anyone in this thread while posting my opinion of the leak.I completely understand that . But again , it 's not like DmC2 was never in the cards , and we never got any confirmation that it would never be made . It 's only natural that rumours about a new DMC game be accompanied about speculation on DmC2 . The people who feel strongly about this to the point where they would post without a single hint of civility should take a chill pill ( obvs not you , btw ) .I 'd be very happy with this , too . Heck , if the next DMC game is 5 , maybe they can make a DmC-flavored DLC , I would jump on it . But there 's no reason to get over DmC , it 's a great game .
Utah lawmakers want to ban `` Stingray '' devices , which sweep up all wireless phone data in a targeted area by pretending to be a legitimate cell tower . Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images
Utah may soon become one of the first states to restrict the use of “ Stingray ” devices that intercept and store cellphone communications and location data .
Stingrays sweep up all wireless phone data in a targeted area by pretending to be a legitimate cell tower . The portable technology , approximately the size of a suitcase , has been used by police to locate fugitives – if police know their target 's phone number – and to collect information on protesters .
Civil libertarians fear the bulk data collection , which in most states can be conducted without a warrant , escapes judicial review and allows police access to information most service providers insist on a warrant or court order before giving up .
The Utah House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly Monday to ban this type of freewheeling electronic surveillance .
In a 71-2 vote the state House passed legislation to require police to get a warrant before using a Stingray or collecting electronic communication data from companies .
The bill says “ a government entity may not obtain the location information , stored data , or transmitted data of an electronic device without a search warrant issued by a court upon probable cause. ” It contains exceptions for emergencies or if a device 's owner grants permission .
Utah state Rep. Ryan Wilcox , a Republican , introduced the bill as a pre-emptive strike .
“ This is something we 've seen come up around the country and we do n't want it to happen in Utah , ” Wilcox tells U.S. News . “ We 're seeking to ensure that if and when that happens we 're still honoring the Fourth Amendment . ”
The bill would n't necessarily outlaw the use of Stingrays , Wilcox says , but would require a warrant before one is used and that all data not relevant to the specified criminal investigation be destroyed . The investigation 's target would also need to be notified if his or her records were taken .
Wilcox works for Sprint and is unaware if any Utah law enforcement agency currently owns or uses a Stingray .
“ It is intended to prevent the sort-of , ‘ let 's cast a net out and see what we find , ' ” Wilcox says . “ Right now government entities have the ability to take a look at our digital papers and effects not only without a warrant , but without notification , so that 's another important part of the bill . ”
The bill now goes to the Utah Senate for approval .
If the bill rapidly becomes law , Utah would be the third state after Maine and Montana to require a warrant for all cellphone location information and the second state after Texas to comprehensively require warrants for electronic communications , according to Allie Bohm , advocacy and policy strategist at the American Civil Liberties Union .
The ACLU recently surveyed U.S. law enforcement agencies and found `` the state of practice is in chaos , with different agencies in different states following different procedures and some of them having no procedures in place whatsoever '' for collecting location and communications data , Bohm says .
Other state legislatures are considering bills to restrain the use of Stingrays . The Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled Feb. 18 police must generally obtain a warrant before acquiring a criminal suspect 's cellphone location data .
Although it 's unclear if Utah police use Stingray devices , their use elsewhere has evoked curiosity and outrage .
The ACLU wrote in a Monday blog post that Florida police appear to have concealed from a judge and a criminal defendant their use of a Stingray to trace a stolen cellphone because of a nondisclosure agreement with the device 's manufacturer . The post says court documents show Tallahassee , Fla. , police used stingrays 100 times without a warrant as of 2010 .
In Indiana , state senators are sponsoring legislation to prevent the warrantless collection of cellphone location data after the Indianapolis Star reported in December that state police paid $ 373,995 for a Stingray device for unspecified purposes .
Many details about use of the devices and what is done with data collected by local law enforcement remains murky . LA Weekly , for example , reported in January 2013 the Los Angeles Police Department used Stingrays 21 times in a four-month period , apparently without warrants for unspecified investigations . Department of Homeland Security funds allowed the department to acquire the technology sometime around 2006 , the publication reported .
National Security Agency whistle-blower Edward Snowden 's disclosures about dragnet federal programs that sweep up U.S. phone and Internet data spurred greater interest in the use of Stingrays and fear about their impact on Americans ' civil liberties .
In one of the more surprising uses of Stingrays , reported by technology news website Ars Technica in September , Miami-Dade police bought a $ 115,500 device from Harris Corporation in 2003 to monitor protesters at a free trade conference , according to a procurement form .
The world 's largest natural products convention , a celebration of all things healthy and eco-friendly , was being held at the Anaheim Convention Center Saturday when F. Sherwood Rowland , 84 , died at his home in Corona del Mar .
It 's not much of a stretch to say that Rowland , 84 , helped spawn the industry that drew more than 60,000 people and 2,000 exhibitors . In 1973 , the UC Irvine chemistry professor and a young researcher on his team , Mario Molina , discovered that manmade chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons destroyed the Earth 's fragile and vital ozone layer .
The pair faced criticism and scorn from the chemical industry before being vindicated and winning the Nobel Prize for chemistry in 1995 . In 1987 , the international Montreal Treaty was ratified to phase out CFCs , which were found in aerosol sprays , electronic solvents and air-conditioning coolants .
As I walked the convention floor this weekend , I saw entrepreneurs with products that aim to respect human health and the Earth 's precious resources . I do n't think Sherry Rowland , a plain-spoken and no-nonsense kind of guy , would wax enthusiastic over acai berry-green tea energy drinks , chia-seed cranberry bars or compostable baby diapers . But I think he would appreciate the idea that people need to be careful with what they do to their bodies and the planet . He called it `` being prudent . ''
WASHINGTON – Baseball legend Curt Schilling believes that the politicians , bureaucrats and media in Washington no longer represent the will of the average person , and that the election of Donald Trump amounted to the American people “ taking their country back . ”
“ Washington , D.C. , does not represent the United States of America anymore , ” Schilling said on his show , “ Whatever It Takes. ” “ Washington , D.C. , represents the people with a 202 area code , period . ”
Chris Buskirk , author of “ American Greatness : How Conservatism Inc . Missed the 2016 Election & What the D.C . Establishment Needs to Learn , ” agreed in an interview with Schilling , noting that the political class in Washington has morphed into a singular party in which establishment Republicans and Democrats often work side-by-side .
“ Donald Trump was n't supposed to win , ” Buskirk said .
Instead , it was supposed to a member of the “ bipartisan fusion party , ” which is how Buskirk refers to establishment Republicans and Democrats .
Buskirk added that the preference for the media was a Democrat .
“ How do you know D.C. does n't represent the people ? D.C. on Election Day went 96-4 for Clinton , ” Schilling noted .
But outside D.C. , the country was a sea of GOP waves . Schilling and Buskirk highlighted the fact that Trump soundly defeated Clinton in the number of counties won .
“ This was the country roaring . This was the country coming back and saying : ‘ You know what , actually we do have a voice and we want Washington to respond to what we want and what we need , ' ” Buskirk said .
Buskirk went on to explain how “ Conservatism Inc. , ” a term used to refer to the journalists , think-tanks and other well-funded organizations who are out of touch with average conservative voters .
“ [ They ] just do n't get it , and they do n't want to get it , ” he said .
What do YOU think ? Do Republicans need new leadership in House and Senate ? Sounds off in today 's WND poll !
Buskirk singled out Weekly Standard Editor Bill Kristol as one prominent example , citing a quote from Kristol preferring immigrants to current American citizens , an attitude that “ pervades too much of the institutional right . ”
“ That 's why any sort of political change we 're going to get has to come from the bottom-up , ” Buskirk added .
“ It 's got to come from Middle America , which is exactly what happened , ” noted Schilling , referring to Trump 's election .
“ The problem is Washington is so focused on the process and who gets power , they do n't care about an actual agenda that will improve the lives of ordinary Americans . That 's what conservatives were supposed to do , and that 's what the professional conservatives forgot to do , ” said Buskirk
Buskirk said he believes the current political divide in the United States is not merely right versus left , but the “ ruling class versus the country class . ”
The “ ruling class ” in Washington is willing to sell out the rest of the country for their own benefit , according to Buskirk , and “ that 's what we need to be focusing on , just pulling power out of Washington and returning it to the people . ”
“ That 's what self-government is supposed to be all about . ”
All you need to know about the political establishment in Washington , D.C. , is found in “ American Greatness : How Conservatism Inc . Missed the 2016 Election & What the D.C . Establishment Needs to Learn . ”
This MQ-1 Predator Drone flies unmanned with hellfire missiles . An American drone attack carried out in Libya Tuesday killed several fighters from the Islamic State group . Getty Images
U.S. forces in Africa this week staged what would have been an otherwise unremarkable attack against Islamic State extremists but for one key detail : The operation was the first to rely on authorities granted under the Trump administration that allow the military to conduct lethal strikes outside a designated war zone and without explicit White House approval in advance .
An airstrike carried out on Tuesday in Libya killed `` several '' fighters from the Islamic State group , also known as ISIS , according to a Thursday statement from U.S. Africa Command . It followed a similar drone attack last week that Trump personally approved , the first in Libya since the one President Barack Obama authorized in January the day before he stepped down from office .
But the latest operation is unique in that it did not take place in an `` area of active hostilities , '' a term the Obama administration used to clarify where the U.S. is and is not at war and , perhaps more importantly , where military commanders – not the president or his immediate team – would determine whether a drone strike or other deadly operation was appropriate .
The rules that governed Tuesday 's strike show how much more power the military now has to determine where it can go after terrorist networks , and it follows recent reports that the administration seeks to to increase the authority of the military and the CIA to conduct drone operations .
That the military can now carry out such operations raises new questions about the general limits of its power in Africa and elsewhere : What now stops the Defense Department from carrying out drone strikes wherever it wants ?
Until earlier this year , a still-classified portion of Libya was determined to be an area of active hostilities , as is still the case in a part of Somalia outside the capital , Mogadishu . Multiple sources who spoke to U.S. News confirm that designation for Libya has expired .
Trump announced in March that he would give the military more flexibility to swiftly target extremists , curbing micromanagement from the White House .
`` These strikes were conducted under the Presidential Policy Guidance , '' Defense Department spokeswoman Army Maj. Audricia Harris says , referring to a 2014 document the Obama White House released explaining the policies that would govern covert war . `` That allows for the use of all available tools of national power to protect the American people from threats posed by groups such as ISIS , al-Qaida and their associated forces . ''
The terrorist network , along with others like al-Qaida , is exploiting the political chaos that continues to roil the northeast African nation , AFRICOM said . The strike took place roughly 100 miles south of the coastal city of Sirte , once considered the group 's `` lifeboat `` for thousands of fighters , including some who fled there from its so-called caliphate in Iraq and Syria .
The city was liberated by a U.S.-backed coalition at the beginning of the year . Pentagon spokesman Army Col. Robert Manning declined to say earlier this week how many fighters from the Islamic State group remain in Libya , though their numbers are believed to be around 500 .
The area of active hostilities in Libya expired at the end of last year following the conclusion of Operation Odyssey Lightning , the mission name for hunting the Islamic State group in and around Sirte , according to AFRICOM spokesman Patrick Barnes . The designation was temporarily extended to allow for the strike Obama ordered for Jan. 19 , the day before Trump 's inauguration , and has since expired again .
As for whether the command could carry out strikes wherever it chooses in Africa , an official speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss current operations says it limits its actions to pre-established agreements with partner countries . In this latest instance , AFRICOM coordinated with the de facto coalition governing Libya known as the Government of National Accord . It has similar arrangements with other partners in Africa , including with Somalia to hunt Islamic State group fighters and with others to combat piracy off the Horn of Africa and the Gulf of Guinea .
It 's unclear , however , whether those arrangements are hard rules or simply guidelines . The White House retains the authority to carry out operations against terrorists outside war zones and without the host country 's permission , as Obama demonstrated through the 2011 Navy SEAL raid into Pakistan that killed Osama Bin Laden .
Tuesday 's strike is hardly the first time the U.S. has conducted covert operations against extremist fighters in Africa outside of declared combat zones . The U.S. reportedly began targeting extremists in Somalia as early as 2011 , if not before .
As many as four areas of active hostilities currently remain in addition to Somalia : within the borders of Afghanistan , Iraq and Syria , and undisclosed locations in Yemen .
'Community ' Creator Dan Harmon Marriage Cancelled After One Season
'Community ' Creator Dan Harmon : Marriage Cancelled After One Season
EXCLUSIVE
`` Community '' creator Dan Harmon ... is divorcing his wife after barely a year of marriage ... the good news ... it 's 5 times longer than Kim Kardashian 's second .
Dan filed the docs two days shy of Christmas ... asking a judge to untie the knot with Erin McGathy .
The couple has been pretty open about the split ... it seems there are no hard feelings . Erin announced the news on Twitter , asking people to respect their privacy but adding , `` we discuss it openly on our respective podcasts . ''
They have no kids and even though the marriage was a blink , she 's asking for spousal support .
No word if there was a prenup . Seems like they wo n't have a lot of trouble splitting their assets with or without one ...
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have launched a full-scale investigation into their catastrophic season .
New chairman Steve Hollis and boardroom recruit Sir Mervyn King are conducting an in-depth probe into the club 's affairs .
Consultants have been brought in to pick through the rubble of Villa 's dreadful campaign and the finances , recruitment processes and day-to-day administration are all coming under scrutiny .
And that could spell bad news for several senior staff with chief executive Tom Fox most likely to be in the firing line .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Arsenal 's former commercial officer has been in situ at Villa Park since August 2014 and has acted as the eyes and ears for absentee owner Randy Lerner .
But the awful state of affairs has prompted a roots and branch review and Fox himself – appointed on a £1m-a-year salary – could be the first casualty .
The American was the target of fans ' anger last week as Villa slumped to their worst home defeat in over 80 years in the six-goal thumping by Liverpool .
( Image : Neville Williams )
However , all decisions on Villa 's senior management will be delayed until the end of the season with the positions of sporting director Hendrik Almstadt and head of recruitment Paddy Riley also coming under the microscope .
With manager Remi Garde likely to consider his position at the end of the season there could be a complete overhaul of Villa 's hierarchy as they begin to re-build the former European Champions .
As halftime approached in the Monday Night Football game between the Oakland Raiders and Denver Broncos , K Sebastian Janikowski lined up for a 63-yard field goal , which would tie the NFL record set by two people : former Broncos K Jason Elam at the old Mile High Stadium in 1998 and New Orleans Saints K Tom Dempsey in 1970 .
As yo can see in this video of Sebastian Janikowski 's field goal , he drills it . 63 yards and he clears the uprights by about a yard .
But was it really 63 yards ? Or was it 64 yards ? The San Francisco Chronicle has this :
He and his teammates celebrated on the field , and they might have more to scream about today . The Raiders will appeal the spot of the ball and are arguing that it was a record-breaking 64-yarder .
We 'll see , but I doubt this gets overturned , which would result in a new record .
Tying the field goal record was one of three goals Janikowski says he had coming into the league . The other two are playing for 10 years , which he 's done , and winning the Super Bowl .
Do you speak and write in more than one language – and often use them interchangeably ? If so , you may know the frustration of having to constantly change the language Google Chrome uses for spellchecking . Fortunately , it looks like Chrome soon will be able to spellcheck in multiple languages simultaneously , as well as make it easy to quickly toggle spellchecking on and off for different languages .
Found in Chrome dev version 45.0.2453.0 released yesterday , a “ developer channel ” build of the browser with changes and features that are still in their early development stages and as such not yet ready to be downloaded by the masses , the ability to enable spellchecking in Chrome against multiple languages caught our eye in the official changelog for the release , particularly as its a feature the community has been begging for in frustrated Chromium issue tracker threads dating back to 2008 when the Google-centric browser was released .
As a reminder , Chrome is Google 's commercial version of the Internet browser including all its proprietary features and technologies , which it distributes through its own official channels including Google.com , while Chromium is the public , open source version that anyone is free to contribute code to , as well as remix with their own features and design and then redistribute . The Chrome team at Google contributes most changes to the open source version first , then merges those with its commercial version of the browser .
Do n't get overly excited , though – even if the feature does make it to the stable , public release version of the browser , it 's going to take some more time , and there are some other caveats . In an email from Julius Alexander IV , the developer at Google spearheading this functionality 's completion , Alexander says that “ only the UI portion of this feature is done for now , ” so clicking the UI buttons in the right-click menu to switch between languages wo n't actually change the language used by Chrome for spellchecking . He also added that there 's no plan for it to ever work on Mac OS X because Chrome on OS X uses the operating system 's system-wide spellchecking tool , not the one built natively into Chrome .
We did , however , download the latest build of Chrome dev onto a Windows machine and were able to see how the feature will work in practice . Here 's what the new right-click menu looks like :
As you can see , both English and German are checked in the “ Spell-checker options ” sub-menu . Beyond this graphical UI the feature does n't work , as mentioned above , but you can get the idea of how it will work – using the new feature , Chrome will detect the languages of words inputted into text fields against dictionaries for the chosen languages and if a word is misspelled in either or both , you 'll get the red underline .
Languages can be added for spellchecking from chrome : //settings/languages , and the new UI adds a radio button labeled “ Use this language for spell checking ” which , when toggled on , adds it to the right-click sub-menu .
Since the feature is still in early development the UI and/or functionality could change significantly before it 's released to the public , or the feature could be killed altogether , but it 's much better progress than we 've seen on this from Google in the past . We 'll keep our fingers crossed , and keep an eye out for more updates on its progress .
In the recently concluded Budget session of Parliament , there was an eerie silence on one of the biggest problems facing the people — jobs . Both the Rail Budget and the Union Budget speeches mentioned jobs a handful of times but mostly in reference to future prospects . The debates , including the PM 's interventions , followed the trend with hardly any worry about jobs.Meanwhile , in the real world , the job situation is not a happy one . Although current employment statistics are not generated in India , applications in the job guarantee scheme have touched an all-time high and a quick survey of eight industries done every quarter by government indicate a dire situation . Macroeconomic parameters too are not showing any hope.The number of people who apply for work in the job guarantee scheme is a good measure of the employment situation in rural areas.Till the third week of March this year a staggering 8.4 crore persons had demanded work under MGNREGS . That 's a 15 % increase from the 7.3 crore who demanded work last year . This is a symptom of large scale scarcity of jobs because the wage employment scheme provided only 43 days of work on average in a whole year — instead of the 100 days guaranteed under the scheme —and that too manual labour.Of those who applied , nearly 1.6 crore or 19 % were not given work — the highest turn-back ever seen in this scheme . So , the job situation in rural areas does n't appear to be very healthy.Another partial measure of recent employment trends is provided by a quarterly survey of eight industries by the Labour Bureau . The last such survey result was released in March 2016 covering June to October of 2015 . After the NDA government took over , just 4.3 lakh jobs have been added between July 2014 and October 2015 — lower than the immediately preceding 15 months and the same as the corresponding period of 2012-13 under UPA . Of these , the bulk of jobs have been in IT-enabled services ( ITES ) and the BPO sector.Besides these two indicators , some of the big economic indicators too are not presenting a very optimistic picture . The index of industrial production measures how industrial production is changing — if it rises , so does employm ent , and if it slows , creation of jobs is affected . Between April 2015 and January 2016 , the IIP grew by just 2.7 % . In the previous year , the first year of this government , it had grown by 2.6 % . For eight core industries like coal , oil , gas and steel , which make up 38 % of the IIP , the growth from April 2015 to January 2016 was just 2 % .Agricultural output has meanwhile sunk with gross value added growing at a mere 1.1 % in 2015-16 , as per the latest estimates by the Central Statistical Office . This comes after a decline of 0.2 % in 201415 . This is the devastation of two successive droughts . Services sector continues to grow with its output rising by 9.2 % this year.The bottomline is that jobs remain elusive , and measures to create jobs — through infrastructure development or Make in India — are still to show results .
0 Shares
Diamond Dallas Page was recently a guest on X-pac 's new podcast : X-pac 1,2,360 presented by Afterbuzz TV . During the interview he spoke on a wide variety of topics . One of the questions he was asked , was who from the current WWE roster he would push if he was in charge of the company .
DDP started by praising Dolph Ziggler :
“ [ Dolph ] Ziggler 's another crazy , amazing freakin ' technician , unbelievable . I still do n't understand why they do n't push him through the roof , because the guy 's got the look , he can talk , and he can work as good or better ” ( Source : X-Pac 1,2,360 ) .
He continued , explaining how he would book Bray Wyatt if he was in charge :
“ Another guy I love a lot is Bray [ Wyatt ] . I think to me he could be the Undertaker . I mean if I was booking then he 'd be undefeated and we 'd go for another fifteen or twenty years with him at Mania . And I do n't understand why he 's not getting a monster push . And I only watch occasionally . But I know talent and those two guys are ridiculously talented ” ( Source : X-Pac 1,2,360 ) .
[ irp posts= ” 15984″ name= ” Bray Wyatt Talks About His Desire To Be Top Guy In WWE , World Titles Still To Come ” ]
The full podcast is presented by Afterbuzz TV .
Let us know what you think in the comment section below . I think most fans would agree that Bray Wyatt should be booked better . I really doubt that the WWE would commit to another streak like the Undertakers for Wyatt but he still should be booked as a monster .
Agree or disagree with DDP ? How would you book Wyatt if you were in charge of WWE creative ?
“ My father made him an offer he could n't refuse . Luca Brasi held a gun to his head and my father assured him that either his brains , or his signature , would be on the contract. ” — The Godfather ( 1972 )
In the modern global banking system , all banks need a credit line with the central bank in order to be part of the payments system . Choking off that credit line was a form of blackmail the Greek government could n't refuse .
Former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is now being charged with treason for exploring the possibility of an alternative payment system in the event of a Greek exit from the euro . The irony of it all was underscored by Raúl Ilargi Meijer , who opined in a July 27th blog :
The fact that these things were taken into consideration does n't mean Syriza was planning a coup . . . . If you want a coup , look instead at the Troika having wrestled control over Greek domestic finances . That 's a coup if you ever saw one . Let 's have an independent commission look into how on earth it is possible that a cabal of unelected movers and shakers gets full control over the entire financial structure of a democratically elected eurozone member government . By all means , let 's see the legal arguments for this .
So how was that coup pulled off ? The answer seems to be through extortion . The European Central Bank threatened to turn off the liquidity that all banks – even solvent ones – need to maintain their day-to-day accounting balances . That threat was made good in the run-up to the Greek referendum , when the ECB did turn off the liquidity tap and Greek banks had to close their doors . Businesses were left without supplies and pensioners without food . How was that apparently criminal act justified ? Here is the rather tortured reasoning of ECB President Mario Draghi at a press conference on July 16 :
There is an article in the [ Maastricht ] Treaty that says that basically the ECB has the responsibility to promote the smooth functioning of the payment system . But this has to do with . . . the distribution of notes , coins . So not with the provision of liquidity , which actually is regulated by a different provision , in Article 18.1 in the ECB Statute : “ In order to achieve the objectives of the ESCB [ European System of Central Banks ] , the ECB and the national central banks may conduct credit operations with credit institutions and other market participants , with lending based on adequate collateral. ” This is the Treaty provision . But our operations were not monetary policy operations , but ELA [ Emergency Liquidity Assistance ] operations , and so they are regulated by a separate agreement , which makes explicit reference to the necessity to have sufficient collateral . So , all in all , liquidity provision has never been unconditional and unlimited . [ Emphasis added . ]
In a July 23rd post on Naked Capitalism , Nathan Tankus calls this “ a truly shocking statement. ” Why ? Because all banks rely on their central banks to settle payments with other banks . “ If the smooth functioning of the payments system is defined as the ability of depository institutions to clear payments , ” says Tankus , “ the central bank must ensure that settlement balances are available at some price . ”
How the Payments System Works
The role of the central bank in the payments system is explained by the Bank for International Settlements like this :
One of the principal functions of central banks is to be the guardian of public confidence in money , and this confidence depends crucially on the ability of economic agents to transmit money and financial instruments smoothly and securely through payment and settlement systems . . . . [ C ] entral banks provide a safe settlement asset and in most cases they operate systems which allow for the transfer of that settlement asset .
Internationally before 1971 , this “ settlement asset ” was gold . Later , it became electronic “ settlement balances ” or “ reserves ” maintained at the central bank . Today , when money travels by check from Bank A to Bank B , the central bank settles the transfer simply by adjusting the banks ' respective reserve balances , subtracting from one and adding to the other .
Checks continue to fly back and forth all day . If a bank 's reserve account comes up short at the end of the day , the central bank treats it as an automatic overdraft in the bank 's reserve account , effectively lending the bank the money in the form of electronic “ liquidity ” until the overdraft can be cleared . The bank can cure the deficit by attracting new deposits or by borrowing from another bank with excess reserves ; and if the whole system is short of reserves , the central bank creates more to maintain the liquidity of the system .
The most dramatic exercise of this liquidity function was seen after the banking crisis of 2008 , when credit was frozen and banks had largely stopped lending to each other . The US Federal Reserve then stepped in and advanced over $ 16 trillion to financial institutions through the TAF ( Term Asset Facility ) , the TALF ( Term Asset-backed Securities Loan Facility ) , and similar facilities , at near-zero interest . Toxic unmarketable assets were converted into “ good collateral ” so the banks could remain solvent and keep their doors open .
Liquidity as a Tool of Coercion
That is how the Fed sees its role , but the ECB evidently has other ideas about this liquidity tool . Whether a country 's banks are allowed to “ access monetary policy operations ” is seen by the ECB not as mandatory but as discretionary with the central bank . And as a condition of that access , if a country 's bonds are “ below investment grade , ” the country must be under an IMF program — meaning it must subject itself to forced austerity measures . According to ECB Vice President Constâncio at the same press conference :
[ W ] hen a country has a rating which is below the investment grade which is the minimum , then to access monetary policy operations , it has to have a waiver . And the waiver is granted if there are two conditions . The first condition is that the country must be under a programme with the EU and IMF ; and second , we have to assess that there is credible compliance with such a programme . [ Emphasis added ]
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Liquidity is provided only on “ adequate collateral ” — usually government bonds . But whether the bonds are “ adequate ” is not determined by their market price . Rather , political concessions are demanded . The government must sell off public assets , slash public services , lay off public workers , and subject its fiscal policies to oversight by unelected bureaucrats who can dictate every line item in the national budget .
Tankus observes :
Europe now has a system where liquidity and insolvency problems can occur and can be deliberately generated ( at least in part ) by the central bank . Then the Troika can force that country into an “ IMF program ” if it wants to continue having a functioning banking system . Alternatively , the central bank can choose to simply “ suspend convertibility ” to the unit of account [ i.e . cut off the supply of Euros ] and force the write-down of deposits [ haircuts and bail-ins ] until the banks are solvent again .
Pushed to the Cliff by the Financial Mafia
Were liquidity and insolvency problems intentionally generated in Greece 's case , as Tankus suggests ? Let 's review .
First there was the derivatives scheme sold to Greece by Goldman Sachs in 2001 , which nearly doubled the nation 's debt by 2005 .
Then there was the bank-induced credit crisis of 2008 , when the ECB coerced Greeceto bail out its insolvent private banks , throwing the country itself into bankruptcy .
This was followed in late 2009 by the intentional overstatement of Greece 's debt by a Eurostat agent who was later tried criminally for it , triggering the first bailout and accompanying austerity measures .
The Greek prime minister was later replaced with an unelected technocrat , former governor of the Bank of Greece and later vice president of the ECB , who refused a debt restructuring and instead oversaw a second massive bailout and further austerity measures . An estimated 90 % of the bailout money went right back into the coffers of the banks .
In December 2014 , Goldman Sachs warned the Greek Parliament that central bank liquidity could be cut off if the Syriza Party were elected . When it was elected in January , the ECB made good on the threat , cutting bank liquidity to a trickle .
When Prime Minister Tsipras called a public referendum in July at which the voters rejected the brutal austerity being imposed on them , the ECB shuttered the banks .
The Greek government was thus broken Mafia-style at the knees , until it was forced to abandon its national sovereignty and watch its public treasures sold off piece by piece . Suspicious minds might infer that this was a calculated plot designed from the beginning to throw Greece 's prized assets onto the auction block , a hostile takeover and asset stripping for the benefit of those well-heeled entities in a position to purchase them , including the very banks , hedge funds and speculators instrumental in driving up Greek debt and destroying the economy .
No Sovereignty Without Control Over Currency and Credit
In the taped conference call for which Yanis Varoufakis is currently facing treason charges , he exposed the trap that eurozone countries are now in . It seems there is virtually no legal way to break free of the euro and the domination of the troika . The government has no access to the critical data files of its own banks , which are controlled by the ECB .
Varoufakis said this should alarm every EU government . As Canadian Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King warned in 1935 :
Once a nation parts with the control of its currency and credit , it matters not who makes the nation 's laws . Usury , once in control , will wreck any nation .
For a nation to regain control of its currency and credit , it needs a central bank with a mandate to serve the interests of the nation . Banking should be a public utility , serving the economy and the people .
Attention ! This news was published on the old version of the website . There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions .
Best Tournament players March 18th and 19th
Dear friends !
There were some really exciting battles last weekend in the TSS tournaments :
Ground Forces Tournaments
Team Panzer_AS with _Dimon_71rus_ and Lich_Tiger_pro has become the best tanker duo from the last weekend ! They took their first victory in the Tank blitz-tournament 2x2 in Arcade Battles mode by winning against team JTZ ( z0078 and _John_Tanner ) . In 3rd place was team RUSSIANS ( HyboKiller and LEONIDROBOT ) .
Winning the Tank blitz-tournament 2x2 in Realistic Battles mode was not as easy for the Panzer_AS - their opponents , team BARS ( KOT_HA_CAMOJIETE and Panther_YIII ) proved to be very strong and sent them to the loser 's bracket in the 7th round ! But Panzer_AS did n't give up and returned the favour in the final match on the Poland map for the double crown in the tank tournaments . Team Karaya ( FokaA_ngry and BarDoza ) took 3rd place .
The Serbian team inat ( Vicco_SRB and SuRPRIsE ) confidently won the Tank blitz-tournament 2x2 in Simulator Battles mode . On their way to victory they had to fight the experienced team 228 ( _QuiGonsky and MONACO ) twice . But the most surprising play showed Panzer_AS taking third place - unbelievable results !
Аircraft Tournaments
Three great pilots fought for the 1st place in the Air blitz-tournament 1x1 in Arcade Battles mode on Yak-1B - Alex_24RUS won the day , with _SkyForcer_ in 2nd place and experienced duelist , _V3na in 3rd place .
A real superhero of the Air blitz-tournament 1x1 in Realistic Battles mode was _socolik_ - he had to play twice as many matches than his opponents in the loser 's bracket after he lost in the 1st round of the tournament . But his will was strong and he won the tournament ! Players from the KOTbI squadron showed excellent skill - Sasha08104 took 2nd and _G_A_M_B_1_T_ ended up in 3rd place .
Champion of the air tournaments , murahiga continues to dominate virtual skies of War Thunder and wins the second Air blitz-tournament 1x1 in Simulator Battles mode in a row ! Dmitry_FX takes the well deserved 2n
See you in the new tournaments every week on the TSS portal !
Two years in a row the Lions have drafted a WR in the 6th round . Last year , they selected Corey Fuller with the 171st overall pick , and placed him on the practice squad for the year . With the 189th overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft , the Lions selected TJ Jones out of Notre Dame . I decided to take a closer look at Jones because I did n't really know a whole lot about him going into the draft , but now he 's become one of my favorites from this draft class . Unlike Fuller , Jones is not a very raw prospect , and I strongly believe he will find a place on the 53-man roster come August . At ND he spent time as an outside receiver , slot receiver , punt returner , and even carried the ball out of the backfield a little . If Jones does n't emerge as a weapon for Stafford right away , it 's probable that he would earn a spot as a special teams player .
After the draft , I went to DraftBreakdown to check out some game tape on Jones , but there was n't really much to see , as they only had about 3 games posted . So instead , I just decided to look for full game footage on ND last year , and ended up charting nearly every snap Jones was involved on . I managed to chart every catch but not every snap , since I was unable to find games vs. MSU and Navy . So the snap % and drop % statistics will be incomplete , but you 'll get a good sense of where he lined up and how good his hands are regardless .
Where Did He Line Up ?
It was pretty obvious going into the draft that the Lions needed some major help at the WR position . They signed Golden Tate in the offseason , but after Megatron and Tate there is n't a whole lot of depth there . With Broyles ' injury concerns , there was an immediate need for a slot WR . They drafted Ebron in the first round to handle most of the snaps as a slot WR , but TJ Jones seems to fit that mold as well . However , as you can see in the chart above , he only lined up in the slot about 33 % of the time for the Irish offense . This has a lot to do with the fact that they consistently ran two TE sets and had Jones off to the far side of the field or off the field on run plays . He did have a lot of success as both an outside and slot receiver though , and caught plenty of balls from sideline to sideline .
Where Did He Catch the Ball ?
( Thanks to Dave Mangels over at BleedingGreenNation for the blank football field template )
As you can ( sort of ) see from the charts above , Jones caught the ball all over the place and on a variety of different routes for the Irish last year . Each catch is where the ball was caught from the LOS . So naturally , all of the screens are behind the LOS , your go/fade routes will be further down the field , and your comeback routes will be between 5-15 yards for the most part . You may be saying to yourself , well what is the significance of this ? Well .... I do n't know , but it looks cool , and I wanted to experiment a little bit with Google Docs . It 's also nice to see that Jones was able to use the full route tree consistently . You would be surprised when looking at some of the top prospects ' receiving charts . For instance , let 's take a look at Mike Evans ' chart last year :
Mike Evans receiving maps ( with TD totals formula : ) ) pic.twitter.com/DutvE5Wrhu — John Pollard ( @ JPSTATS ) May 7 , 2014
Evans was only targeted FOUR times on the left side of the field last year , and caught two of those passes . That 's pretty insane .
Jones also averaged 10.57 yards per catch from the LOS , and 5.22 yards after the catch . Not bad when you consider that Brandin Cooks averaged 8.40 yards from LOS and 5.29 YAC .
If you check out Jones ' measurables , they are n't overly impressive , but there are some things that jump out at you . For instance , his hands are 10 '' . That 's massive for a 6 ' 0 WR . He has good but not great speed , and good short area quickness as well .
How Are His Hands ?
By my count , Jones only dropped 4 passes for the Irish last year on about 71 catchable passes ( 5.63 % ) . Again , this data is incomplete as I was not able to chart the incomplete passes from games vs. MSU and Navy , but it still gives you a good idea of how sure-handed of a receiver Jones is . He put up a better drop % than guys like OBJ , Jordan Matthews , Kelvin Benjamin and Marqise Lee last year . He was targeted 109 times on the season and caught 70 balls last year for a 64.2 % catch rate .
Was asked about drop rates for some WRs I had n't published , here 's a full list of every WR I charted this year pic.twitter.com/7l3e1Q8e10 — Greg Peshek ( @ NU_Gap ) April 23 , 2014
Here you 'll see Jones catch a very poorly thrown ball behind him in the rain on the most important drive of the game . Jones is a guy who can line up wherever you want him to and will be a very reliable option . I see him as a faster and more versatile Jason Avant .
Versatility
Jones was n't used as a RB a whole lot , but he actually showed some promise in the backfield for the limited amount of snaps he received towards the end of the year .
When you see WRs attempting to run , you often see them try to immediately sprint to the outside instead of finding a hole or following blockers . Against Pitt , Jones showed great patience in the run game on multiple plays . In this play , you see Jones motion into the backfield and break out for a huge run because he waited until a lane opened up , and busted through it . Later in the game , he recorded his first rushing TD of his career on a 1-yard goal line rush by running to the outside and patiently waiting until he found an opening to cut in for the score .
Jones could also serve as a punt returner if Ross suffers an injury . Or perhaps he could end up challenging Ross for the starter role since he brings more to the table than just being a returner unlike Ross . Jones only started returning punts in his final year with the Irish though , so that may be a long shot for him .
Best Case Scenario
Jones will have an outstanding camp and will have no problem making the 53-man roster . He is a smart kid who will learn the playbook rather fast , and could compete with guys like Durham and Broyles for the # 3 or # 4 WR spot . He could turn into what the Lions originally thought Broyles could be for them . Do n't be surprised to see him in on special packages involving him running the ball , whether it be on a reverse or out of the backfield . If Jeremy Ross were to get cut due to his limited skillset , Jones could provide some help as a returner as well .
Worst Case Scenario
If Jones can not crack the 53-man roster , he would likely spend a year on the practice squad to fully learn their new playbook and also improve his skillset . If he ends up being a jack of all trades , but master of none type player , then we might hear something similar to this :
She is “ an unbelievable young woman. ” That 's what a police chief had to say after a 15-year-old girl escaped from captors who allegedly assaulted her over the course of a month .
The teen reportedly left her home in Alexandria , Minn. , on Aug. 8 with a family acquaintance who said he needed her help , reports the Echo Press .
When she arrived at Thomas Barker 's home in Carlos , however , she encountered a “ nightmare , ” says Alexandria Police Chief Rick Wyffels . Barker , 32—soon joined by his roommate and later a friend—restrained the teen with zip ties .
At no point over the next 28 days was she left alone as she was physically and sexually assaulted and moved to a cornfield and then a home on a lake in Grant County , Wyffels says .
But on the 29th day , the 15-year-old saw an opportunity to escape . When her captors left to get lunch on Tuesday , she escaped and “ bravely ran door to door ” without finding help , Wyffels says .
Finally , she swam across the 150-acre lake to a property and encountered its owner , who 'd just returned from work because he 'd forgotten something . “ It was like somebody shined a big beam of light on me , ” the man tells WCCO .
“ I was in the right place at the right time. ” Just as police arrived , the teen—later treated for minor injuries , per NBC News—spotted a car belonging to one of her captors whom police quickly apprehended , the property owner adds .
All three alleged captors are now in custody . Barker ; Joshua Holby , 31 ; and Steven Powers , 20 , are each held on probable cause for false imprisonment , kidnapping , and assault .
Wyffels says authorities are still trying to determine a motive .
This article originally appeared on Newser : Cops : Girl Was Held 29 Days . Then Captors Went to Lunch
More From Newser :
I 'm supporting Bernie Sanders for President because I think that he 's the candidate most likely to work for the needs of normal people , not the wealthy and powerful . He believes in campaign finance reform and is practicing what he preaches by not accepting corporate donations or creating Super PACs . I was excited to see an homage to my Andre the Giant Has a Posse sticker because my sticker campaign has always been about grass roots resourcefulness which I think connects meaningfully to the Sanders campaign . Bernie needs help from people like you and me and I think he 'll look out for the needs of people like you and me . Make a contribution to his campaign if you can afford it .
– Shepard
Check out the information by Working Families below . Image by : Jeremy Merrill
Bernie does n't have a Super PAC . He does n't take money from corporations or sleazy billionaires like Martin Shkreli . The corporate-owned media will barely report on him , even though he 's polling better than Donald Trump .
But you know what he does have ? The backing of the Working Families Party Posse !
SUPPORT THE WFP ORGANIZING FOR BERNIE SANDERS ! CLICK HERE !
A COMMON virus that can reduce lifespan and cause blindness has been cleared from human blood for the first time .
Cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) , a type of herpes virus , is carried by about 70 per cent of people and , although it usually does n't cause illness , shaves 3.7 years off life expectancy .
In people with a weakened immune system , however , the virus awakens and can cause serious illness and blindness . This can be a particular problem if the only available donor for a bone marrow transplant is infected with CMV and the recipient is not .
CMV only expresses a handful of genes when it is dormant . One of them is UL138 . To investigate what it does to cells , Michael Weekes at the University of Cambridge and colleagues grew healthy human cells alongside cells that were made to express UL138 in the presence of labelled amino acids – the raw ingredients used to make proteins . They then used mass spectrometry to identify how UL138 changed the cells ' expression of proteins .
Advertisement
“ We know that viruses remodel the landscape at the surface of the cell , so we 've been asking ‘ what proteins are on the cell surface and how does CMV change that ? ' ” says Paul Lehner , also at Cambridge , who supervised the work . CMV appears to dampen the production of a protein called MRP1 that pumps toxic chemicals out of cells – including the cancer drug vincristine . If infected cells can no longer pump out vincristine , perhaps this would kill them while sparing healthy cells that remove the poison ?
If herpes-infected cells can no longer pump out the drug , this could kill them and spare healthy cells
To find out , the team took blood samples from 15 volunteers with CMV , treated the samples with vincristine and then reactivated the virus . “ We either dramatically reduced or eliminated our ability to [ detect ] any virus , ” says Lehner , who presented the results at the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence conference in Cambridge this month .
“ It will be fascinating to see how this new method comes to be applied in clinical practice , ” says Paul Moss of the University of Birmingham , UK . Vincristine can have severe side effects , so is unlikely to be used to clear CMV in healthy people or transplant patients . However , it could be used to treat donor blood or stem cells from bone marrow before transplantation .
This article appeared in print under the headline “ Purge blood of herpes to boost transplants ”
As emergency medicine providers become more proficient in using bedside ultrasonography as a diagnostic tool , it can be difficult to remember all of the normal cutoff values . Is it 3 or 5 mm as the cutoff ? Thanks to the team at UCSF ( Dr. Maria Beylin , Dr. Scott Fischette , and Dr. Nate Teismann ) for creating a succinct PV card listing the key numbers to remember . You can download this PV card into your mobile device as a reference guide , or you can even print and attach to each of your ultrasound machines !
PV Card : Normal Values for Ultrasound Measurements
Adapted from 1–4
Go to the ALiEM Cards site for more resources .
1 . Ultrasound Q . 2010 ; 26 ( 2 ) :67-74 . PubMed ] Horrow M. Ultrasound of the extrahepatic bile duct : issues of size .. 2010 ; 26 ( 2 ) :67-74 . 2 . J Am Soc Echocardiogr . 2013 ; 26 ( 9 ) :1033-1042 . PubMed ] Beigel R , Cercek B , Luo H , Siegel R. Noninvasive evaluation of right atrial pressure .. 2013 ; 26 ( 9 ) :1033-1042 . 3 . N Engl J Med . 2013 ; 369 ( 15 ) :1443-1451 . PubMed ] Doubilet P , Benson C , Bourne T , et al . Diagnostic criteria for nonviable pregnancy early in the first trimester .. 2013 ; 369 ( 15 ) :1443-1451 . 4 . Ann Emerg Med . 2015 ; 66 ( 3 ) :262-266 . PubMed ] Adhikari S , Zeger W , Thom C , Fields J . Isolated Deep Venous Thrombosis : Implications for 2-Point Compression Ultrasonography of the Lower Extremity .. 2015 ; 66 ( 3 ) :262-266 .
Share This Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Print
Instagram
The Ubuntu Messaging Menu gives you quick access to email , chat , and other social applications from your menu bar . If you want to hide some of the apps , though , you can remove them with a quick Terminal command .
If you prefer , say , Gmail to Evolution in Ubuntu , that `` Set Up Email '' entry in the messaging menu just gets in the way . To get rid of it ( or any other entry in the menu ) , you can create a blacklist in the indicator 's preferences . First , just create the blacklist directory by running the following command in the Terminal :
mkdir -p ~/.config/indicators/messages/applications-blacklist/
To add applications to the blacklist , just put symlinks to the applications in this folder . The indicators you can block are all available in /usr/share/indicators/messages/applications . So , to block Evolution , you just need to type :
ln -s /usr/share/indicators/messages/applications/evolution ~/.config/indicators/messages/applications-blacklist/evolution
Advertisement
You can rerun this command , replacing evolution with other apps you want to hide . Then , just restart the Gnome panel with killall gnome-panel to see the changes .
Alternatively , if you 'd rather not see the Messaging Menu at all , you can uninstall it entirely by running :
sudo apt-get remove indicator-messages
Remove Unused Entries from the Ubuntu Messaging Menu [ OMG ! Ubuntu ! ]
Scholars and policy experts , especially those in the West , have long assumed that Egypt had a tight , inter-connected relationship with Saudi Arabia . Under ousted President Hosni Mubarak , there was definitely much truth in such assessments . But what about now , with Mubarak gone ? Will the changing political dynamics in Cairo impact Egypt 's relations with the Saudis ?
To Saudi Arabia 's rulers , Hosni Mubarak not only presided over a friendly government , but he was their friend . Remember , Mubarak served for so long that was able to cultivate good political and personal ties to King Abdullah , King Fahd , and their associates . The new democratic government in Egypt , whenever it takes office , with a whole new set of characters and intentions and goals , will doubtless be viewed by the Saudi king somewhat warily . Quite frankly , the new democratic government just will not have the longevity or the history with Saudi Arabia to make these inter-state relations as smooth and seamless as they have been in the past . And if members of the revolution —specifically , the core group central to the toppling of the Mubarak government —take power sometime soon , there could be some latent hostility between Egypt and Saudi Arabia .
It is also becoming evident that Saudi Arabia does not like the new direction in Egypt 's foreign policy . Let us take the cases of Iran and Israel as examples . Both Egypt and Iran have expressed mutual interest in improving and upgrading their relations . In fact , as a gesture of goodwill , in February , Egypt let Iranian warships pass through the Suez Canal , the first time that has happened since the Shah was overthrown . And Egyptian and Iranian officials have already held meetings in both Cairo and Tehran . Where all of this will lead is uncertain . But what is clear is that both sides value better inter-state ties .
Meanwhile , though most political parties , officials , and presidential contenders claim they will adhere to the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty , they are not shy about stating their desire to see much greater independence in Egypt 's policies from Israel . Already , much to Israel 's dismay , Egyptian officials helped to broker a reconciliation deal between Hamas and Fatah , bringing Hamas in from the cold once again , and they are now working with both sides to implement it . Additionally , news about lower than market price gas deals to Israel has surfaced , which only infuriated Egyptians . Egyptian officials have promised to review these deals and possibly request Israel to pay a higher price . And let 's face it ; Egypt 's overtures to Iran , leading possibly to reestablishing ties with Iran , have unnerved Israel .
Resetting relations with Iran and re-evaluating its ties with Israel , these are not things the Saudis want to see or hear . Yes , even the part about Israel . Why ? It leads the Saudis to wonder whether they will be left alone to counter-balance Iran 's bid for regional hegemony as well as any other of its plots and schemes . If so , the Saudis will feel increasingly vulnerable and insecure , which can trigger a host of negative repercussions for the entire region .
Related , Saudi Arabia must be troubled by Egypt 's newfound confidence . Egyptians of many different stripes —those from different economic strata and with different political and religious beliefs —widely agree that Egypt should wake up from its era of dormancy under Mubarak and attempt to reclaim its position of leadership within the region .
A more assertive Egypt surely would have been welcomed by Saudi Arabia under Mubarak . For in that case , it would likely mean that Egypt would more actively pursue policies that are compatible with , or might even further , Riyadh 's interests . But at this point , Saudi Arabia can not be so sure .
In fact , it is not implausible that post-Mubarak governments will advocate causes and goals that undermine Saudi Arabia 's interests . For instance , a democratising Egypt could seek to promote freedom and liberty in the region , which is undoubtedly antithetical to Saudi interests . And down the road , a more nationalistic Egypt very well could try to challenge Saudi Arabia as the vanguard of Sunni dominance in the region . Some of this is conjecture , to be sure . But do not think Saudi rulers are unaware of these possibilities .
And here is one more challenge in Saudi-Egyptian relations : Egypt 's revolutionaries and political activists , as well as various Shia and Copts , believe that Saudi Arabia is funding extremist political groups ( specifically , the Salafis ) so as to undermine the revolution . That is to say , in their eyes , Saudi Arabia is meddling in their country and in bed with , if not actually leading , the counter-revolutionaries . Not surprisingly , there have been protests at the Saudi Embassy in Cairo . Arguably , the more troubling part of this is that the accusations give the Saudis another reason to dislike the revolutionaries , which only complicates further ties between the countries .
Although the Saudis would undoubtedly deny it , they have likely taken a small step to inform Egypt exactly how they feel about Cairo 's new policies . Saudi Minister of Manpower Adil Fakieh recently revealed that Riyadh would not renew work permits for foreign workers who have been in the country for more than six years . This directly impacts Egypt , for this new rule applies to as many as 1.5 million of its workers , many of whom send their remittances back their home country ( to family , and friends ) . Without these funds , many Egyptian households will suffer . Moreover , should these 1.5 million workers find themselves out of work , unemployment in Egypt will naturally skyrocket , leading to further adverse economic consequences for an already weak Egyptian economy . It is no surprise that the Egyptian political analyst Hassan Nafaa has declared that the Saudi proclamation is akin to extortion .
All of this is not to suggest that there will be a complete falling out between both countries . After all , the military is currently calling the shots in Egypt , and that is an institution with which the Saudis are very familiar and comfortable . Moreover , an Iran-obsessed Washington will use all levers at its disposal to ensure that Egypt and Saudi Arabia do not drift too far apart . What I am pointing out is that Egypt-Saudi ties are undergoing a transition , one that might be a bit rocky at times .
For the foreseeable future , Egypt must perform a delicate tightrope act . On the one hand , while Egypt must get its domestic political house in order as effectively and quickly as possible , it ought not overlook relations with other countries , even those with its so-called best friend . Yet at the same time , a democratising Egypt must begin to carve out its own space in the region , exerting its influence when deemed necessary and standing up to bullying and excess pressure . How Egypt walks this fine line will determine the trajectory of its relations with the rest of the world and most notably with Saudi Arabia .
The writer is president of the Centre for World Conflict and Peace , based in Columbus , Ohio , and Jakarta , Indonesia .
Short link :
Some key records from the charity founded by former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky are missing and investigators worry that this could limit their ability to get to the bottom of allegations that the assistant football coach engaged in sexual abuse of young boys over several years , The New York Times reports .
The material could show if Sandusky used resources of Second Mile , a charity for at-risk children , to allegedly recruit new victims or buy their silence , the Times says , quoting two unidentified people with knowledge of the case .
The newspaper says select members of the charity 's board of directors were alarmed when they found out recently that records from about 2000 to 2003 were missing .
The newspaper says Lynne Abraham , a lawyer for Second Mile , did not return a call requesting comment and a spokesman for the state 's attorney general declined to comment .
The report appears in a lengthy article in the Times on why the investigation into allegations against Sandusky languished for years .
The article , by Jo Becker , says a key to breaking the case was a random reference in an Internet chat room about Penn State athletics that hinted that a football coach years earlier `` might have seen something ugly , but kept silent . ''
Investigators narrowed the reference down to Mike McQueary , a coach at Penn State who , as a graduate student , had allegedly witnessed Sandusky sexually assaulting a 10-year-old boy in a Penn State shower in 2002 .
Because Penn State is a tight-knit community , investigators chose to meet McQueary in an out-of-the-way parking lot . McQueary , a key witness in the case , eventually unburdened himself , the article says , giving investigators the lead they were seeking .
STORY : Lawyer calls on Penn State to 'free victims ' souls '
Steven Gerrard admits he can sense a different feeling in the Liverpool dressing room this season – and it 's giving him the confidence they can close the gap on Manchester United .
The Reds play host to the Old Trafford club at Anfield on Sunday afternoon aiming to maintain their 100 per cent start to 2013-14 .
And Gerrard believes Liverpool are better positioned to challenge at the top of the Barclays Premier League table .
The captain told the Liverpool Echo : `` That 's something we have been trying to do for a long time , not just with changes in the summer .
`` For a long time , the gap between ourselves and United , Chelsea and now Manchester City has been too big .
`` Each year we have been trying to close that gap , so really this season is n't any different in that respect .
`` But it does feel slightly different this year . The team spirit is really good and there is a belief within the squad .
`` The changes the manager has made during the summer are really positive and hopefully there are still one or two more players to come in . ''
Watch the video here »
While Liverpool has picked up maximum points from their first two matches , United were held to a goalless draw by Chelsea at home on Monday having beaten Swansea City on the opening weekend .
Gerrard added : `` United blew Swansea away and played some good stuff on the counter-attack , but against Chelsea on Monday both teams really cancelled each other out , '' he said .
`` We know it 's going to be a very tough match . I think they 'll come here and probably look to play on the counter-attack again , but we 're at home and have got to take the game to them .
`` Our tails are up . We have won three games in a row , even if with the third one we did it the difficult way . Confidence is still high , even if the injury situation is not ideal going into such a big game . But we have got a squad that can cope .
`` We did n't get what we deserved from the big games last year . To try and improve on that this season , we have to put in the same effort but learn to start turning draws into maximum points .
`` For me , United and Everton are still the big two games of the season . '' [ STORIFY_WIDGET ]
The Western world 's central bankers are in a hole . Jackson Hole . The picturesque Wyoming resort has , over the years , become home to an annual wonkfest of elite policymakers and economists .
Ordinarily , the Jackson Hole summit is a time for the central banking A-list to re-convene after the summer , engage in some light discussions and strike rugged poses against a reassuringly mountainous backdrop . This year though , the vibe was more war zone than Woodstock .
Inter-governmental squabbles about whether more borrowed money should be spent propping up ailing Western economies have recently burst into the open –renewing jitters on global markets .
There is a stark lack of consensus , also , on whether monetary policy should be eased even more , given that official interest rates are already practically at zero . The only way decisively to ease further is to print yet more money – or its modern equivalent , issue more virtual cash .
Such policy differences have escalated in the past few weeks , both within central banks and between them . Important people are now starting to worry that the wildly expansionary fiscal and monetary policies which have been the Western world 's response to `` sub-prime '' are n't working . If that 's the case , we have endured all the downside of such extreme measures – in terms of massive government debts , possible sovereign defaults and future inflation – and for what ?
Until recently , the US was fulfilling its traditional role of `` global economic engine-room '' , rescuing the rest of the Western world from the worst slump in almost 80 years . President Obama and Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke seemed determined to prove that the world 's largest economy could borrow , spend and print its way out of recession .
While there have been signs of a US upturn during 2010 , the latest news is n't good . America grew at an annual pace of only 1.6pc during the second quarter , way below the government 's 2.4pc estimate made just a month ago . On top of that , existing home purchases were down an annualised 27pc in July , hitting a 15-year low . Fears are growing that a fragile housing market will sink US consumption , sending America into the dreaded `` double dip '' and , with it , much of the rest of the Western world .
The Obama/Bernanke stimulus looks increasingly like a `` sugar rush '' – it felt good at the time , but provided no long-term economic nourishment . Now that rush is fading , the US is left with an almighty economic headache , but no sustainable recovery .
The ghastly housing numbers in July were at least partly due to the expiry of an $ 8,000 tax break for first-time buyers . The ending of the cash-for-clunkers car scheme has seen a sharp decline in demand for new cars .
Now the stimulus is drawing to a close , US growth is faltering badly . So does that mean American policymakers will hit the panic button and launch yet another economic rescue package – despite the dangers associated with yet more borrowing and money-printing ? Doubts about that question have put global markets in a spin .
In the UK , and across Europe , it seems the choice has been made . While additional monetary easing could still feasibly happen , further fiscal expansion looks unlikely – with governments and a high proportion of voters now saying that yet another spending boost would be not only unaffordable but also counterproductive . American officials have been more circumspect , refusing to rule out another big boost .
Concerns the Western world 's recovery has stalled have seen investors pile out of equities and into the perceived safety of government bonds . On Thursday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average of US stocks fell below 10,000 for the first time in almost two months . Meanwhile , the yield on 10-year US government bonds , which moves inversely to prices , hit 2.85pc – its lowest level since January 2009 .
Fears of a renewed European recession have sent Germany 's 10-year government yield down to 2.15pc , pulling apart the dreaded `` PIIGS spread '' – the premium that weaker eurozone countries like Portugal , Greece and Spain must pay to service their sovereign debts . That spread is now close to the shocking all-time high , reached back in May , of almost 400 basis points , raising further questions about the ability of the eurozone to hold together .
Japan 's markets have also been nervous about the global recovery , with the Nikkei index of leading shares last week slipping back towards a 16-month low .
It was against this dramatic economic backdrop that Bernanke stood up on Friday to deliver his Jackson Hole speech . Addressing market concerns that the US policy establishment is split and a new stimulus may not happen , the Fed boss said America 's central bank `` will do all it can '' to ensure economic growth , including `` providing additional monetary accommodation through unconventional measures if it proves necessary '' .
On cue , the markets rallied , assuming the US will soon launch yet another funny-money missile – under the guise of `` quantitative easing '' . The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.7pc .
Back in July 1944 , the Bretton Woods conference in New Hampshire created a monetary exchange system that helped the global economy recover from the Second World War , laying the foundations for more than 30 years of relative prosperity . Hopes have been raised that this year 's Jackson Hole summit could achieve something similar .
Bernanke 's speech , though , and the spin operation that followed it , illustrated once again how little there is in the way of new thinking at the top of the Western world 's policymaking establishment . America will continue to print money and borrow like crazy – shielding its profligate , moribund banks and eventually inflating away its sovereign debts . Perhaps the US can get away with it , but the UK and Europe can not .
While the dollar retains reserve currency status , the markets are now wondering if the single currency could be thrown into the dustbin of history . Further profligacy and money printing on this side of the Atlantic could provoke a collapse of either the euro , sterling or both – causing inflation to balloon .
Similarly , if a renewed US fiscal boost leads the UK 's Government to think it can retreat from its stated path of fiscal austerity , it should think again . The balance sheet of America 's banking sector amounts to one times US GDP . The UK 's banking sector , in contrast , is no less than five times British national income . America can just about afford another bank bail-out – the UK simply ca n't . Any renewed fears about the systemic implications of the massive sub-prime losses still smouldering on Western bank 's balance sheets would , in turn , raise fresh concerns about the UK Government 's solvency – given the relative size of the required bail-out .
The most significant economic statement I heard last week came not from Bernanke , but from Mohamed El-Erian . `` Current policy approaches here and abroad are unlikely to deliver a durable and robust US recovery , '' El–Erian declared , in a rejection of QE , Keynesian boosts and related post sub-prime measures .
El-Erian just happens to be CEO of the Pacific Investment Management Company , the world 's largest and most influential investor in government bonds . The likes of Pimco , the Chinese government and other massive government creditors hold so many US Treasuries that it 's difficult for them to dump them without harming themselves .
The same does n't apply to their much smaller holdings of European government bonds . Bernanke and Obama know this , which is why the US can keep banging the drum of ever looser money and more profligate government . It 's a temptation the UK and the eurozone must continue to resist .
INDONESIA has cancelled all military ties with Australia and suspended people smuggling cooperation as it dramatically ramped up its response to the phone tapping conflict .
A furious Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has demanded an official explanation from Australia about revelations that defence spies tapped his mobile phone in 2009 .
He will also request an apology from Prime Minister Tony Abbott .
`` I am still waiting , '' Dr Yudhoyono said today .
The president said he would send a letter of demand to the Australian government , requesting an official apology and an explanation from Prime Minister Tony Abbott .
Indonesia will also suspend all military cooperation with Australia , the president said .
Australia Defence Minister David Johnston 's office said there was no official confirmation yet that Indonesia had halted defence cooperation activities .
`` But it is certainly on the record that it has stopped , '' a spokesman said .
`` We are just waiting on the details of how this is going to play out . ''
At a press conference at his presidential palace in Jakarta , Dr Yudhoyono likened the spying claims to cold war tactics .
It 's difficult for me to understand why the ( wire-tapping ) was conducted , '' Dr Yudhoyono said .
`` Now is not the era of the cold war . ''
Dr Yudhoyono said `` coordinated military cooperation '' including naval patrols would cease immediately .
`` I have asked for that to be halted until everything is clear , '' he said .
Suspending cooperation on people smuggling will deal a big blow to Mr Abbott 's asylum seeker policies .
`` You are well aware that we are facing a joint problem of people smuggling that has been a problem for both Australia and Indonesia , '' Dr Yudhoyono said .
`` Indonesia and Australia is not in the position of confronting each other or in enmity . ''
The president said he could not understand why Australia had chosen to spy on a `` friend and not the enemy '' , adding that he viewed the conduct of the Australian government as an illegal action .
Dr Yudhoyono said he wanted a personal explanation , insisting comments directed at `` Australia 's domestic community '' would not suffice .
`` If Australia wants to maintain a good relationship with Indonesia in the future , there must be an official explanation , '' he said .
Dr Yudhoyono said cooperation in the area of intelligence gathering and the sharing of information would also be halted .
`` I have also asked to stop for a while joint training between Indonesian soldiers and Australians , whether army , navy or air force , '' he said .
Dr Yudhoyono said he wanted to make it clear that cooperation on combating people smuggling would not go ahead until he received an explanation from Mr Abbott .
`` It 's impossible for us to continue when we 're not sure that there 's no tapping of Indonesian soldiers who are performing a duty for both countries , '' he said .
Mr Abbott earlier told Parliament he will not `` overreact '' to the spying controversy .
His comments came as Indonesia officially `` downgraded '' its relationship with Australia in the wake of the spying allegations .
`` The downgrading in the level of the Indonesian-Australian relationship has been done , '' Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa said today .
`` We have taken measured steps in accordance with their response and attitude . ''
In a clear reference to admissions from Indonesia it targeted Australian MPs phones during the 1999 East Timor crisis , Mr Abbott said people did not overreact then .
He acknowledged Australia 's targeting of the phones of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , his wife and senior officials weeks after terrorist bombings in Jakarta killed three Australians was `` personally hurtful '' to the country 's leader .
`` I do note there have been allegations and admissions in the past on this subject , people did n't overreact then , I certainly do n't propose to overreact now , '' he said .
`` My intention , not withstanding the difficulty of these days is ... To build strong relationships with Indonesia , which is so important for both our countries . ''
When a former Indonesian spying chief admitted to targeting the phones of Australian MPs , then prime minister John Howard refused to comment .
Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa commented on the `` downgrading '' on his way into the Indonesian foreign ministry in Jakarta for a meeting with the country 's ambassador to Australia Nadjib Kesoema .
`` We have already adjusted various forms of co-operation , '' he said .
`` We are turning off the tap by degrees . ''
RAMIFICATIONS : CORBY 'S PAROLE AT RISK
Dr Natelagawa also slammed Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's refusal to apologise for Australian spies who in 2009 tapped the phone of President Yudhoyono , his wife and senior ministers .
Mr Abbott expressed regret for any embarrassment caused to the President .
`` I do n't get it . Why would the President of Indonesia be embarrassed ? '' Mr Natalegawa said .
Indonesia and Australia have developed close law enforcement links to fight terrorism and people smuggling , but the reality is that Australia is more important to Indonesia than vice-versa .
We provide $ 580 million in foreign aid funds and two-way trade was valued at almost $ 15 billion last year .
That includes $ 2.3 billion worth of agricultural exports and $ 2.5 billion in petroleum sales from Australia .
It comes as a former Indonesian spymaster openly boasted about spying on Australian politicians and officials and said that Australia would be `` silly '' if it did n't do the same thing .
As the diplomatic fallout widened over Australian phone intercepts of the Indonesian president , his family and staff , security experts and former spies accused Jakarta of hypocrisy and confected outrage .
When he retired in 2004 Indonesian spymaster General Abdullah Mahmud Hendropriyono revealed his agency had not only tapped Australian civil and military communications and politicians ' phone calls during the 1999 East Timor crisis , but had also unsuccessfully attempted to recruit Australian officials as double agents .
Then Prime Minister John Howard offered a muted diplomatic response to the explosive allegations and maintained Australia 's relationship with Indonesia remained `` very strong '' .
`` I am not going to talk about any aspect ( of ) something like that , '' Mr Howard said at the time .
`` I neither confirm nor deny stories about those sorts of security things . ''
In stark contrast to this , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has taken to Twitter to voice his anger and to tell his people that his government had `` protested loudly '' to Australia over the claims and sought an explanation .
`` We will also revisit our of bilateral co-operation agenda , '' he told his four million Twitter followers and he threatened `` painful consequences '' for Australia .
`` I also regret the statement of Australian Prime Minister that belittled this tapping matter on Indonesia , without any remorse . ''
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has refused to apologise for the 2009 intercepts of Indonesia , revealed this week by whistleblower Edward Snowden , saying all governments `` gathered information and knew that others did the same '' .
`` Australia should not be expected to apologise for the steps we take to protect our country now or the past , any more than other governments should be expected to apologise for the similar steps that they have taken , '' Mr Abbott told parliament .
Mr Abbott expressed his regret about any embarrassment to the president caused by the public airing of the spying issue .
`` Australia has deep respect for Indonesia , for its government and for its people , '' he said .
Indonesia 's Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa yesterday responded to Mr Abbott 's comments saying that Australia not Indonesia should be embarrassed following the disclosure .
`` I do n't get it . Why would the President of Indonesia be embarrassed ? '' Marty said in an exclusive interview with Channel News Asia .
`` I believe the embarrassment should belong to the government of Australia . They are the ones … the intelligence community in Australia … who have committed this unacceptable practice , '' Marty added .
News_Rich_Media : Abbott maintains silence on spy claims
Opposition leader Bill Shorten said US President Barack Obama 's apology to German Chancellor Angela Merkel over spying allegations was a better model .
But senior Labor MPs today backed away from their leader 's suggestion .
Labor frontbencher Richard Marles denied Mr Shorten was asking the government to take a more conciliatory stance .
`` We are going to support and back the government in doing what they need to do to repair this relationship , '' he told Sky News today .
Colleague Tony Burke was reluctant to add to Mr Shorten 's comments .
`` I 'm not going to add to the words Bill Shorten put forward , '' he told reporters , adding it was in Australia 's interest for the row to be resolved as quickly as possible .
The most important thing was that Mr Abbott not allow the issue to become `` a running sore '' .
The Australian Greens are not nearly as supportive of the way Mr Abbott is handling the issue , accusing the PM of appeasing red-neck voters at home by refusing to make an apology .
`` It 's time to take a step back and stop the chest-beating , '' deputy leader Adam Bandt told reporters .
Government minister Jamie Briggs dismissed Mr Bandt 's comments as being as `` irrelevant as the person who made them '' .
`` The Prime Minister is walking deftly through it , '' he told Sky News of the diplomatic row , adding the issue was a `` speed hump '' in the Australian-Indonesian relationship .
Experts warned that President Yudhoyono had been cornered by the revelations that played directly into the hands of his many enemies and that he would be bound to retaliate .
As Indonesia 's ambassador to Australia , Nadjib Kesoema , departed briskly for Jakarta on Tuesday , the pages of the country 's newspapers were dominated by calls for an even tougher response to the latest claims .
Former agent with the overseas spy agency the Australian Secret Intelligence Service ( ASIS ) and Indonesia expert Warren Reed said any government would be duty bound to `` flap its wings '' such as Indonesia was doing .
Australian National University academic Peter McCawley said President Yudhoyono was stung and cornered and that he would retaliate .
`` Australia is misreading the situation and there is a long period of uncertainty ahead before and after the 2014 Indonesian elections , '' Dr McCawley said .
ASIO chief David Irvine hinted to a Senate Estimates hearing that Australian agencies were confident there would be no more surprises from National Security Agency leaks by US whistleblower Edward Snowden .
`` I ca n't talk for the counterpart agencies in the United States , but I am satisfied that the standards that we adhere to and other agencies within the Australian Government seek to adhere to , certainly do aspire to be very high , '' he said .
When contacted yesterday an Indonesian embassy spokesman in Canberra said there would be no comment .
A spokesman for the Indonesian president late today insisting that Australia 's response to the allegations to date had been inadequate .
`` Of course this is regrettable , the president regretted the Australian prime minister 's response , '' presidential spokesman Julian Pasha told reporters .
Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa later warned Australia should not underestimate the effect the controversy had caused .
`` Australia still needs to develop their attitude and response , because this is something that ca n't trivialise or underestimated ( in terms of ) its impact , '' Dr Natalegawa said at the presidential palace .
`` We will evaluate day by day its development . It 's not us who brought this problem , it 's Australia . And so Australia is the one who must find the best solution for this . ''
Indonesia spy scandal to hit trade : Katter
Federal MP Bob Katter says the Indonesian spying scandal will be a huge blow to bilateral trade .
The crossbencher says relations were already fragile because of asylum seekers and after Australia `` cut off their food supply '' when it halted live cattle exports in 2011 .
He said reports that Australia 's electronic spy agency tapped the phones of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife will be a huge blow to bilateral trade .
`` They 've said all bilateral agreements are off , '' he told ABC radio today .
`` I ca n't interpret that as anything else except we 're in a lot of trouble here . ''
Mr Katter called for Prime Minister Tony Abbott to immediately apologise to President Yudhoyono .
`` Tony , geez , if your country , your government , the government of Australia has done something wrong , the onus is upon you to apologise , '' he said .
`` Think if the Indonesians were tapping the telephones of our prime minister and his wife ... this is not acceptable behaviour .
`` I mean spying on each other , yeah every country does that all the time , but not on the head of state and his wife . ''
# # #
CLOSE Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States on Inauguration Day . Here are some of the nuances of this historical day . USA TODAY
A bagpipe player wears traditional dress next to Donald Trump as he arrives at his Trump Turnberry Resort on June 24 , 2016 in Ayr , Scotland . ( Photo11 : Jeff J Mitchell , Getty Images )
There will be no fiery cross sent round his mother 's native island , and there are no plans for a party at his two Scottish golf resorts .
Donald Trump 's inauguration as the 45th President of the United States of America on Friday is set for a low-key reception in Scotland , despite his family ties and business interests sparking such interest in recent years .
These have centered on his highly controversial multi-million-pound golf development on the Menie Estate in Aberdeenshire ; and his purchase of the $ 42 million Turnberry golf resort in South Ayrshire in 2014 .
The billionaire has frequently crossed the Atlantic to promote these assets . But a spokeswoman for Trump International Golf Links at Menie , and her counterpart at Turnberry , confirmed they had no plans to host events to mark Trump 's installation as president .
Neither are there plans on the island of Lewis , where Trump 's mother Mary Anne MacLeod grew up , for any public celebration apart from Tong Gaelic Choir holding a gathering in Stornoway Golf Club Friday night .
Trump has relatives still living on the island , and in the house in the village of Tong that MacLeod left for America in 1930 . But they have let it be known they do not want to speak about their famous relative .
Trump did make one flying visit in 2008 to see the island home his mother had frequently returned to throughout her life .
Across in northeastern Scotland , David and Moira Milne are not fans of the president-elect . They have been known to fly a Mexican flag on the roof of their home , a former coastguard station overlooking Trump 's clubhouse at Menie . Milne , an independent health and safety/environmental consultant , said : “ I will not be watching the ceremony . I have better things to do with my time .
“ But I actually have mixed feelings about a Trump presidency . In some ways it might work in our favor in that he should be preoccupied , rather than worrying about what is happening in Scotland .
“ But the greater risk he poses to the planet as a whole , rather than a handful of households , is deeply troubling .
“ This is one of the few times where I sincerely hope I am proven wrong about the man . I hope that he turns out to be an excellent American president and does a wonderful job for the U.S. and the rest of the planet . But past experience , makes me question whether that is possible , let alone likely . ''
Milne , who opposed the golf development , had refused to sell the couple 's house to Trump , who wanted to acquire their land .
“ We have been at loggerheads for the best part of 10 years , '' he said . `` It started with him arguing about the boundaries of our property , which the government had drawn up more than 50 years ago .
“ Then there was the building of earth banks and planting trees round our property , knocking down the power line in the process .
“ We have had to live with the continuing threat of compulsory purchase and people appearing on our doorstep telling us they normally get their way .
“ Nothing has changed my mind on that front , not even his election as president . ”
Another who will not be watching the inauguration is Martin Ford , the Aberdeenshire councilor who chaired the committee that first refused the Trump Organization 's initial planning application for Menie , thereby attracting stinging personal criticism from the developers .
He said : “ It remains incredible to me that America with its deeply ingrained , long-standing democratic tradition , and its highly informed and well-educated electorate , made this choice . Mr. Trump is a narcissist . ”
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2jGysBf
In addition to all the other things that are against the law , there is eating at a bus stop .
A man who bought pizza for his companion on her birthday was cited for eating pizza at a bus stop at Market and Seventh streets in San Francisco .
“ This is a real waste of police services , ” said Kelley Cutler , an organizer with the Coalition on Homelessness .
Cutler said the pizza eater , a homeless San Francisco senior citizen , brought his citation to homeless-outreach workers Friday .
According to Cutler , a police officer cited the man March 5 after he was observed eating pizza in the bus shelter . Eating on most public transit is prohibited but the rule is rarely enforced and Cutler said she could not recall it ever being enforced at a bus shelter .
The offense described on the citation is “ eating in the shelter . ”
Cutler said the man was more amused than outraged by the ticket .
“ Some people get agitated or upset , but he was being a good sport , ” Cutler said . “ He laughed about it . He kept saying he bought the pizza for his friend on her birthday . ”
The citation said the man is due in court Wednesday , but Cutler said the citation would likely be dismissed if the man can show court officials he is seeking homeless services . Her client was cited for violating an ordinance against “ eating or drinking in or on a system facility or vehicle in areas where those activities are prohibited by that system , ” which can carry a fine of $ 250 .
Homeless outreach workers said Monday that they could not recall a similar instance of pizza prosecution , although another coalition worker did recall that a client of his had been cited some months ago for skateboarding on a Fulton Street sidewalk at 3 a.m. , instead of in the street .
Muni spokesman Paul Rose said he did n't know whether it was OK or not OK to eat at a bus shelter . He said that passengers can be cited for eating on vehicles and inside Muni Metro stations but that the “ food prohibition does n't necessarily extend to bus shelters . ”
The pizza citation , Cutler said , was what some authorities refer to as a “ quality of life ” enforcement .
“ The problem is , whose quality of life are you talking about ? ” Cutler asked . “ The officer can say , ‘ Move along , move along . ' The problem is , there 's nowhere to move along to . ”
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : srubenstein @ sfchronicle.com
While his accounts are being scrutinized by Obama 's search committee , a Kuwaiti report indicates Bill Clinton reaped $ 500,000 for a single speech there Sunday .
The National Bank of Kuwait ( NBK ) has paid $ 500,000 to Bill Clinton for a single lecture he delivered in Kuwait City on Sunday on his assessment of Barack Obama 's foreign and economic policies . It was delivered the day after the Kuwaiti stock market resumed trading after it was suspended by order of a Kuwaiti court on Thursday to avoid a total collapse .
Without mentioning reports that Clinton 's finances were coming under close scrutiny as his wife , Hillary Clinton , is being vetted for the job of secretary of state , the Arab-language Kuwaiti newspaper Awan published a front-page story under the headline “ Clinton 's lecture at NBK cost $ 500,000 . ”
$ 500,000 would be a high fee , even for Bill Clinton . In 2006 he averaged almost a speech a day , at an average of about $ 140,000 a speech .
Delivered before “ a packed audience ” and attended by local dignitaries , ambassadors , and senior officials , Clinton offered advice to the president-elect on the world financial crisis , urging him to continue to pump liquidity into the American system until confidence came back , according to a press release by the National Bank of Kuwait , which organized the event at the Sheraton Hotel .
$ 500,000 would be a high fee , even for Bill Clinton . In 2006 he averaged almost a speech a day , at an average of about $ 140,000 a speech .
He has earned far more per speech , particularly from Middle Eastern or foreign organizations wishing to hear his views on a range of topics . The Dabbagh investment firm in Saudi Arabia paid $ 600,000 for two speeches , and China 's JingJi Real Estate Development Group paid $ 200,000 for a single speech . The Mito City Political Research Group in Japan paid him $ 400,000 in 2002 for a single speech .
Gold Services International , an event organizer based in Bogota , Colombia , flew Clinton to Latin America in 2005 for a series of speeches for which he was paid $ 800,000 . The Power Within , a motivational-speech company in Toronto , paid Clinton $ 650,000 for speeches in Canada in 2005 , and he returned to give more speeches for an undisclosed sum the following year . Goldman Sachs paid him $ 650,000 for a series of four speeches , and Citigroup paid $ 250,000 for a speech in France in 2004 .
“ It 's the very presence of Bill Clinton in places like this National Bank of Kuwait symposium that is complicating matters for his wife , ” wrote ABC News ' senior White House correspondent , Jake Tapper . “ His web of extensive international business dealings for his philanthropic endeavors—such as the William Jefferson Clinton Foundation—for the Clinton Library , and for his own personal business dealings that stand as such a complex briar patch of potential conflicts of interest for his wife being the nation 's top diplomat . ”
`` While international finance institutions count their losses in the billions , ” the Kuwaiti newspaper reported , “ the National Bank of Kuwait stole the limelight yesterday to host a guest who tried to put a brave face on an economic crisis that has driven the American economy to the brink of recession . ''
In the speech , Clinton offered the view that the price of a barrel of oil should “ ideally ” be between $ 80 and $ 100 , but “ negative psychology ” around the world had pushed the price to below $ 60 , according to the bank 's press release .
Asked whether his wife should become secretary of state , Clinton replied , “ `` If [ Obama ] decided to ask her and they did it together , I think she 'll be really great as a secretary of state . She worked very hard for his election after the primary fight with him , and so did I , and we were very glad that he won and we have a lot of confidence that he can do a good job . But she did n't do what she did with the hope or expectation of getting any kind of job offer , much less having this discussed . ''
Awan reported that the bank , which hosted a similar lecture last year by former Secretary of State Colin Powell , said attendees of the Clinton lecture , delivered at the Sheraton Hotel , also “ heard…the changes expected under the new president in regards to regional hot spots such as Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Palestine and Lebanon . ”
Previous speakers at NBK events include former President George H. W. Bush and former British Prime Minister John Major .
Since leaving the White House in 2001 , Bill Clinton has raised more than $ 353 million for the William J. Clinton Foundation , which finances his presidential library in Little Rock , as well as his global anti-AIDS charity . He has also received donations from the Saudi royal family , the king of Morocco , a foundation linked to the United Arab Emirates , and the governments of Kuwait and Qatar , The New York Times reported last year . In 2002 he was paid $ 750,000 for speaking at the Jeddah Economic Forum .
Clinton 's presidential library in Little Rock has received about 10 percent of its $ 165 million fundraising effort from foreign sources , with the most generous overseas donation coming from Saudi Arabia . The Saudi royal family gave the library about $ 10 million , about the same amount it gave to the presidential library of George H.W . Bush .
Salameh Nematt is the International Editor of The Daily Beast . He is the former Washington Bureau Chief for Al Hayat International Arab daily , where he reported on U.S. foreign policy , the war in Iraq , and the U.S. drive for democratization in the broader Middle East . He has also written extensively on regional and global energy issues and their political implications .
No , this is n't some highly integrated scam ad telling you to click because something 's wrong with your computer . This is an actual post . ( No , TPM really has n't been hacked . ) Even though you do n't come to TPM for information about Mac operating systems , I wanted to share this unfortunate experience with the Mac users in our audience .
The short version is there seems to be some fairly major issue with the new Desktop/Document iCloud backup system if you try to use the backup service with more than one Mac ( which is to say , more than one desktop computer as opposed to iOS device . )
Here 's the longer version .
If you use Macs you may have heard that the new version of OS X has a system that automatically uploads all documents in your Desktop and Documents folders to iCloud . This not only gets you a backup , which is nice . It also allows you to access the files on your desktop from your iPad or iPhone or another desktop if you 're not at that computer . That 's awesome . I was excited to try it . I have a Mac at work , a Mac at home and then also a Mac Air for when I 'm not at either place . I also have an iPad and an iPhone . All good .
So today at work I had Sierra start syncing my work Desktop and Documents folders . Later I checked in iCloud and there it all was . Awesome .
What I did n't see were my Desktop files from my home computer . That was odd because I 'd upgraded to Sierra at home the night before . So why had n't it worked from home ?
When I got home I checked to see if I 'd enabled this syncing operation on my home machine . I had n't . So I checked the box to enable it . But when I did it said I had too many files or too many nested folders to use this service . I poked around on Google to find out about this because I had n't seen any reference to any storage limits . I could n't find any information about this . So I moved some files off my desktop to see if I could get under whatever this limit I was bumping up against .
After moving a bunch of files , I tried again . Success ! It let me do it . Then in a flash all the files on my desktop disappeared and were replaced by the files from my work desktop .
Arghghgghhgghgh !
This is n't what was supposed to happen . It was obvious to me that in some way the operating system had decided to sync the iCloud version of my work computer desktop to my home machine – not realizing they were two different computers . Seeing that something very wrong had happened I tried to uncheck the checkbox that started the process . There was a message that told me that it would n't erase the documents I 'd already synced to iCloud . ( Cool , I 'd hope you would n't do that , Apple . ) So I said okay .
When I did that everything disappeared . So all the files on my Desktop were gone . All the files in my Documents folder were gone .
I know a decent amount about Macs . I looked in the obvious places . My files were n't anywhere . Like I said , I know enough about computers to know that it 's very hard to really erase at least a couple hundred gigabytes of data that fast . It might be erased from the file directory . But the data itself ca n't be wiped that fast . ( Yes , I have back-ups . But still . )
I 'll spare you some of the interceding drama . I called AppleCare and explained what happened . It was pretty clear to me at this point that the system had n't been able to make sense of my syncing desktops from two different computers . Somehow it thought it was the same computer .
So I asked the AppleCare guy : Is n't this what this is for ? You 're supposed to be able to access your desktop from other devices and computers , right ? So why is it getting confused about two desktops ? This seems so basic .
At this point I got an awkward and cautious but very transparent and helpful reply that Sierra was a new operating system , they 've been getting calls with things like this happening and everybody 's still figuring out exactly how Sierra manages this kind of situation works .
Now , let me stop there and say the phone support I got was extremely professional , dedicated … all the good stuff you can imagine . Believe me , I 'd say if it were n't . But it was . ( I talked to three different support people total . ) But those conversations made it clear to me that this was n't something I 'd misunderstood or a situation where there was some button I needed to push and everything would be fine . This was clearly an emerging issue , one they 'd heard about from other users and one they did n't have a clear solution to yet .
This obviously was not what I wanted to hear . The guy on the line explained to me that the system was really more intended for users who had a single desktop and iOS devices rather than trying to use this syncing function on more than one desktop . Now , I 'm hardly the only person who has two desktop machines . So it was hard for me to believe this was something that had n't been thought of . I would have assumed this was just some one in a million issue affecting my setup . But again , the support folks had heard of similar issues . Given that there are tens of millions of people who have Macs and lots of them have more than one desktop computer , this must not happen to everyone who tries this . It must not happen to everyone who tries this . But it was n't something that happened only to me .
I 'll spare you all the other details . But the gist is that based on my own experience and discussing this with multiple Apple Care support folks , OS X Sierra had some major problem with syncing multiple desktops and is liable to think a second computer you try to sync is the same as the first one and try to sync over the second computer . Needless to say , that 's not good . To explain everything that happened , what we figured out about where it put the data , etc. , would take a post five times longer than this one . Suffice it to say , working with the Apple Care folks , I had to erase the entire computer and begin restoring my data from my Time Machine back up .
In other words , if you 've upgraded to Sierra I 'd recommend not enabling iCloud back-up of your Desktop and Document folders on more than one Mac .
Let me emphasize again , I got very knowledgable , helpful and professional assistance from Apple Care support with this , in over two hours on the phone . They could n't have been better . But , still , beware .
Addendum :
Since a number of you have asked , I wanted to assemble the following timeline or order of events , based on what happened and and some subsequent research I 've done .
1 . I enable Sierra desktop sync on my work computer . It backed up as expected and I was able to access it from my mobile devices .
2 . At home latter in the evening I attempted to enable back up on my home computer – a similar vintage iMac as my work computer . I 'd estimate they 're both between one and two years old .
3 . On first attempt , after twirling for a while , OSX said I either had too many files , too many files in a single folder or too many nested files on either my Desktop or Documents folder . I do have a very large number of files on my Desktop – quite possible it 's well over 100 gigs . Maybe substantially more and I do have lots of nested folders . I was n't aware of any storage limits . And I upped my iCloud subscription to 1T . When that did n't work I removed several very large folders from my desktop to get under whatever limit I was hitting .
4 . Finally it allowed me to enable Desktop sync . But as soon as it allowed this my computer flashed and everything that had been on my home desktop disappeared and was replaced by the random mix of files and folders on my work Desktop .
5 . Realizing something wrong or unexpected had happened , I then attempted to reverse the process by de-enabling Desktop sync . I got a message asking if I was sure I wanted to do this and that no synced data would be erased from my iCloud account . I clicked okay . When I did this all files disappeared from my Desktop and Documents folder . So blank Desktop except for a hard drive icon .
6 . This is the point where a clearer explanation from Apple of how this service works would have been very helpful . The extremely long review of Sierra at Ars Technica explains what happens …
Enable iCloud Desktop and Documents on a second Mac you 've upgraded to Sierra , one that already has files in its Desktop and Documents folders , and you will momentarily panic , as all of your existing files are removed and replaced with the “ canonical ” iCloud versions . But do n't worry ; everything that was already on your desktop has been moved to a subfolder in the iCloud Desktop folder named “ Desktop – [ Name of Mac ] . ” From there , move files around however you want to reconcile the desktops on your Macs .
Needless to say this is a pretty big thing for Apple to spring on anyone without warning or explanation .
7 . Despite not knowing this , I was able to find the folder in question . It was clear that this was someway of dealing with two different computer Desktops . Indeed , all my files were now in iCloud . The problem was that I knew there was no way all these files could have been uploaded to iCloud so quickly ( we 're talking about at least 100 gigs . Probably a lot more . ) So these files were clearly still on my computer . But OSX was not allowing them to ‘ see ' them on my Desktop . I was only allowed to view and access them through the iCloud folder because OSX had already assigned them to iCloud even though it had not been able to actually upload them .
8 . At this point I was already on with Apple Care Support . The support was very helpful , conscientious and professional . But as I noted above , none of the three support people I spoke to were aware of this being part of how the sync service works . So in addition to not explaining to users how this works , Apple does not appear to have explained this within Apple or at least to people at Apple Care .
9 . At this point , in what we might call iCloud limbo I still had access to my files . But there was a big problem . Having to upload such a large number of files , the iCloud sync process had stalled . At one point it said it was trying to upload as much as 700 gigs of data . ( Given the size of the hard drive that backs up my home Desktop , I think that number had to be wrong , given the amount space still open on that hard drive , etc . But it was a ton of data . Half that amount is totally plausible . ) At this point , OSX would only allow me to “ see ” or access my data in this pre-uploaded iCloud directory . But the actual upload process that would take it out of this limbo – get it from my computer to the actual Apple Cloud had stalled . The real kicker was that – working with Apple Care support – there was no way to stop the upload process .
10 . Despite the fact that the support people I worked with had n't been briefed on this switcheroo feature , as I said , very good support . Realizing we had a big problem , working with the support guy , we went in and confirmed that I had a viable and recent Time Machine back up . We did – from only an hour or so before I started the process . ( I had already turned off all my different back up systems once I realized there was a problem and before I got on the phone with support . ) We browsed around to make sure everything was there .
11 . Having confirmed a viable back up , we made some other attempts to stop the upload process . When those did n't work we tried to restart the machine – first with a soft and then with a hard restart , eventually fully unplugging the machine . When the machine tried to come back on I got a perpetual black screen with the twirl icon which tried to do something for about 20 seconds , went to black and repeated the process . In other , words the computer was hanging and would n't restart . We successfully went into safe mode and tried a few disk repair procedures to resolve the problem . None of them worked .
12 . At this point we decided that the situation was far-gone enough that , having confirmed a viable back up , we should wipe the machine and restore from the backup .
So that 's the whole story . In retrospect , the initial inability to use the service because I had so many files on my desktop might have been a warning . It 's also reasonable to say , did it really make sense to try to back up a couple hundred gigs of data to iCloud ? That 's a decent point . But , again , Apple is the second largest company in the world : I assumed they 'd figured this out . Bad assumption . More to the point , there was never any warning or explanation that I was n't just syncing or backing up my my data . I was having it removed from my computer entirely . In other words , despite what I assumed , this was not a sync or a backup . I had started a process that was deleting all my data from my primary computer and relocating it to an Apple cloud server . That lack of disclosure or explanation seems quite hard to justify . If it had worked , it would n't have been as bad . But having giving no warning or explanation of what it was trying to do , OSX proceeded to botch the process and trigger a cascading series of events that lead to the loss of all my data .
Munster Rugby and the IRFU can confirm that Simon Zebo will depart the province at the end of the current season .
The 27-year-old winger and fullback has attracted the interest of several European clubs who have offered terms that Munster and the IRFU are unable to match despite both the province and the Union making every effort to retain the player with substantial improvements made to his existing deal .
Munster Rugby CEO Garrett Fitzgerald said : “ Working closely with the IRFU we put ourselves in the best position possible with an excellent offer , and while we are largely successful in retaining our best players within the Irish system we know it is out of our hands on this occasion .
“ We are hugely disappointed to see Simon leave but we wish to thank him for his immense contribution to the province and wish him and his family all the best for the future . ”
Commenting on the news Simon Zebo said : “ This club has moulded me into the player and person I am today and I will forever be grateful for that . It has always been my dream to play for my home club , wearing the red jersey while representing my family , friends and local community .
“ However , I have always noted the draw to play abroad one day , and in not taking this decision lightly I have decided on what 's best for my family . With my partner Elvira and two young children , Jacob and Sofia , we are planning for our future and this is the right time for us to make the move .
“ As much as I will miss everything about this place – the players , staff , supporters and friends for life – I know there are many more special nights in Thomond Park and Irish Independent Park to be had . I will continue to enjoy wearing my jersey with pride and will give my all in making sure Munster are successful this season . ”
Born in Cork , Simon is a product of the Munster pathway , playing with PBC and Cork Con while advancing through the underage representative sides and moving from the academy on to senior ranks . He has played on 124 occasions to date , making his debut against Connacht at the Sportsground in April 2010 , and is Munster 's record try scorer leading the way with 55 tries ( his most recent coming against Castres in round one of the Champions Cup ) .
On the international front Zebo has played for Ireland on 35 occasions , scoring 9 tries , and toured with the Lions in Australia in 2013 .
Using superconducting nanowires and lasers , a new camera system can produce high-resolution 3-D images of objects from up to a kilometer away .
The technology works by sending out a low-power infrared laser beam , which sweeps over an object or scene . Some light gets reflected back , though most is scattered in different directions . A detector measures how long it takes one particle of light , a photon , to return to the camera and is then able to calculate the distance from the system to the object . The technique can resolve millimeter-size bumps and changes in depth from hundreds of meters away .
The new camera takes advantage of superconducting nanowires , materials with almost no electrical resistance that have to be cooled to extremely low temperatures . These superconductors are very sensitive and can tell when just a single photon has hit them .
“ That 's the beauty of this system , ” said physicist Gerald Buller of Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh , Scotland , co-author of a paper on the system that appeared Apr . 4 in Optics Express . “ Each laser pulse contains many photons , but we only need one photon to return for every 10 optical pulses . ”
The technology is similar to LIDAR , a remote sensing technique that also uses laser light to measure the distance to different objects . By using infrared light , Buller 's camera is able to detect a wide variety of different items that do n't reflect laser beams well , like clothing . And the long-wavelength infrared light is safer than other lasers because it wo n't harm people 's eyes when it scans them .
So what could this new camera be used for ? Is Google 's Streetview cars now going to make drive-by 3-D models of every city ? Will TSA agents figure out some new to watch you at the airport ?
Buller said the technology could have a lot of different scientific applications . The system could be placed on airplanes and used to scan the vegetation in a forest , helping to determine the size and health of the plants . The team is also interested in making the camera work well underwater , which would allow people to scan the depth of oceans or lakes and determine their shape .
And the camera has obvious use in defense , for instance helping military drones better see targets in combat operations . The one drawback is that human skin does n't reflect infrared light well , so faces appear as black spots in the 3-D images . This offers a way to become invisible to the camera : Simply get naked .
“ The superconducting detector has the potential to really be phenomenal , ” said engineer Mark Itzler , CEO and CTO of Princeton Lightwave Inc , who was not involved in the work . It would probably find a wide variety of uses , he said .
But , he added , because superconductors have to be cooled to just a few degrees above absolute zero , it could be challenging to implement the technology . Buller agreed , and said his team was working to get the system to use more conventional semiconductors , like silicon , that would allow them to shrink the technology and better deploy it in the field .
A good Samaritan has taken the season of giving to heart : An anonymous man walked into the Walmart in Mechanicsburg , Penn . and paid off the remaining balance for every customer who had items on layaway .
He paid a total of $ 79,000 .
STORY : Stranger Raises $ 16K for Homeless Mother and Daughter
Steven Myers , the store manager , met the man , who has been dubbed Santa B. , in person . “ When I got to meet Santa yesterday , he had those rosy cheeks and he had the white beard , so I 'm going to say Santa is real , ” Myers told Fox11 News on Dec. 15 , a day after his good deed .
The kind act helped an estimated 200 to 300 families in the area bring home gifts for the holidays . Penny Geedy was one of the Walmart customers who benefited from the stranger 's generosity . “ It 's great to see this , ” she told Fox11 News . “ I was worried if I was going to get all my checks in time to pick up the presents . ”
Continue reading
Now that the Trump administration has put `` alternative facts '' into our political lexicon , it 's worth taking a look at a quartet of prime examples of the so-called `` facts '' promoted by the new politicians that are , really , just plain old lies .
Climate change is scientific fact .
Advertisement :
One of Trump 's first actions as president was to take down the White House 's website on climate change , and in the subsequent weeks he has doubled down on his attempts to scrub the truth about man-made global warming from all vestiges of policymaking . This was to be expected , since Trump has in the past claimed that global warming is a hoax created by the Chinese and that `` nobody really knows '' if it 's happening .
`` I 'm still open-minded . Nobody really knows , '' Trump said in December . `` Look , I 'm somebody that gets it , and nobody really knows . It 's not something that 's so hard and fast . I do know this : Other countries are eating our lunch . ''
Trump 's position here is objectively wrong , as 97 percent or more of actively publishing climate scientists agree that the earth is warming and human activities are incredibly likely to be the main culprit .
Trump 's ban is a Muslim ban ( he 's even said as much ) .
After Trump 's executive order banning immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries was denounced as bigoted , the Trump administration tried to insist that it was not a Muslim ban . Their own words proved it was : Even if Rudy Giuliani did n't admit to `` Fox & Friends '' that Trump called him up asking how he could make a Muslim ban legal , Trump promoted this very policy during his 2016 presidential campaign as a ban on Muslim immigration . Per a campaign speech in December 2015 : `` Donald J. Trump is calling for a complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country 's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on . ''
Even his own press secretary Sean Spicer referred to the Muslim ban as such — before , of course , he saw that it was inexpedient to do so .
Advertisement :
The Holocaust was about killing Jews .
Despite what Trump has implied , no one is arguing that Jews were the only people killed by the Nazis . That said , it 's equally undeniable that the Holocaust was about exterminating the Jews , so when the White House issued a statement that never mentioned the fact that this was a uniquely Jewish ordeal , they engaged in what historian Deborah Lipstadt referred to as `` softcore Holocaust denial . '' As she writes in The Atlantic :
There were indeed millions of innocent people whom the Nazis killed in many horrific ways , some in the course of the war and some because the Germans perceived them — however deluded their perception — to pose a threat to their rule . They suffered terribly . But that was not the Holocaust . The Holocaust was something entirely different . It was an organized program with the goal of wiping out a specific people .
Those specific people happened to be Jewish . This is why it 's so troubling that , when confronted about it , White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said , `` “ I mean , everyone 's suffering in the Holocaust including , obviously , all of the Jewish people affected and miserable genocide that occurs — it 's something that we consider to be extraordinarily sad . If we could wipe it off of the history books , we would . But we ca n't . ''
Trump lost the popular vote .
Advertisement :
It is downright ominous that Trump has declared an investigation into what he claims was voter fraud by millions of illegal immigrants . He has said this a number of times , most notably on Twitter only a few weeks after the election .
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 27 , 2016
There is not a scintilla of evidence that this happened , and even as the Trump administration likes to claim that progressives who protest their actions are being sore losers , it 's hard to imagine a more flagrant sign of bad sportsmanship than denying mathematical reality because it bruises your ego .
Advertisement :
Trump may be our president , but he won that office even though more people voted for his chief opponent than himself . He needs to stop crying and deal with it .
The well-rounded Mazda 3 compact is being freshened for 2017 . The relatively mild updates to the U.S. model , which were previously announced for the global version of the car , include tweaked exterior styling , some new interior bits , updated active-safety features , and the addition of Mazda 's G-Vectoring Control system for improved steering response .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That does n't sound like much , but the 3 did n't need much improvement—in its current form , it has earned a spot on our 10Best Cars list for the past three years . Nonetheless , the changes for 2017 are welcome , especially the revised exterior that nicely sharpens the 3 's look . The reshaped grille and headlights present a slightly more aggressive face to the world , and LED headlights are newly available on higher-trim models . A new rear bumper appears a bit cleaner and crisper than before , at least on the pictured hatchback model ( Mazda has yet to release photos of the U.S.-spec 2017 sedan ) .
The 18-inch wheels available on the 3 's s trim also are slightly different , although the 16-inch wheels and hubcaps on lower-spec i versions remain the same . Two new colors are available : Machine Gray Metallic joins the palette , while Eternal Blue Mica replaces the previous Blue Reflex Mica .
Interior revisions are a bit more noteworthy , with the 3 adopting a steering wheel similar to that in the new CX-9 crossover , an electric parking brake that frees up center-console storage space , and some nicer trim for the door panels . The optional head-up display is now full color rather than monochromatic , and the door pockets are said to be much larger than before . A heated steering wheel is a new option , while upholstery upgrades include nicer fabric for the standard cloth interior , new espresso-colored accents for the optional black leather interior , and parchment-colored leather replacing the previous almond shade . Mind you , this is in a car we 've already adjudged to have the best interior available for under $ 30,000 .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As for the 3 's mechanicals , the most significant addition is Mazda 's G-Vectoring Control , a new steering system that reduces torque when entering a corner to increase the responsiveness of the steering rack . We sampled this system on a Mazda 6 test mule and found the results to be subtle but effective . To combat relatively high levels of road noise—one of our few complaints about the 3—Mazda said it has revised the dampers and sound insulation for a quieter overall ride .
There are no engine changes . The 2017 Mazda 3 's two engine choices remain a 155-hp 2.0-liter four-cylinder on 3 i models and a 184-hp 2.5-liter inline-four on 3 s models . As before , either a six-speed manual or a six-speed automatic transmission is available regardless of engine choice , something that ca n't be said about many of the 3 's competitors , which limit manual-transmission availability to the basement models .
A suite of active-safety features remains on the options list : forward-collision warning , adaptive cruise control , lane-keeping assist , and blind-spot monitoring . A new camera is now part of the package , which Mazda says expands the speed range at which pedestrians can be detected for the automated emergency-braking system . Cars equipped with the i-Activsense package can now also recognize road signs .
More nitty-gritty information on the 2017 Mazda 3 , including pricing and official EPA mileage numbers , should be released soon . The 2017 model is scheduled to go on sale in September . We do n't expect much of an increase from the current 3 's starting prices of $ 18,680 for the sedan and $ 19,380 for the hatchback .
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Nadine Dorries lashed out at Iain Duncan Smith tonight for claiming to have resigned on a point of principle , just days after begging her to vote for cuts to disability benefits .
The outspoken backbencher took to Twitter just minutes after the former welfare-slasher sensationally quit from his role as Work and Pensions Secretary .
She wrote : `` Stunned at IDS resignation letter . I was about to vote against ESA cuts when he sought me out - he personally and angrily begged me not to .
`` Promised me he was introducing a white paper which guaranteed enhanced and more easily accessible benefits for the seriously disabled .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` Told me he was angry I was rebelling because it was his bill and reflected on him and now he resigns bcse disability cuts a step too far .
`` Said the paper would include automatic enhanced benefit qualification for a long list of disabilities including AIDS , MS , RA , MND etc .
`` I am angry that he made me vote for something I did not want to vote for , bribing me with a promise and now HE resigns . ''
( Image : Hannah McKay/PA Wire )
Ms Dorries voted in favour of cuts to Employment Support Allowance , which will see half a million sick and disabled people lose £30 a week .
The former Tory leader dramatically resigned as Work and Pensions Secretary - and launched a stinging attack on the Chancellor 's ‘ sugar and spite ' Budget .
Read more : Iain Duncan Smith sensationally resigns over George Osborne 's cruel disability cuts
IDS , who has overseen some of the most brutal cuts to welfare in a generation since 2010 , said the £4.4billion cut to Personal Independence Payments ( PIPs ) was a step too far .
He contrasted the decision to strip 370,000 disabled people of £3,500-a-year with the huge tax cuts handed out to the rich .
Read more : Mirror readers ' anger at Iain Duncan Smith over cuts
“ The latest changes to benefits to the disabled - and the context in which they 've been made - are a compromise too far , ” Mr Duncan Smith wrote in his resignation letter to the Prime Minister .
“ They are not defensible within a Budget that benefits higher-earning taxpayers . ”
Google bought one . So did Lockheed Martin , one of the world 's largest defense contractors . But we still ca n't agree on what it is they bought .
D-Wave , the company that built the thing , calls it the world 's first quantum computer , a seminal creation that foretells the future of mathematical calculation . But many of the world 's experts see it quite differently , arguing the D-Wave machine is something other than the computing holy grail the scientific community has sought since the mid-1980s .
No doubt , the argument will continue . But today , researchers at the University of Southern California published a paper that comes that much closer to showing the D-Wave is indeed a quantum computer . USC houses and operates the D-Wave system owned by Lockheed , and the researchers – led by Daniel Lidar , a professor of electrical engineering , chemistry , and physics – say they have at least shown the machine is not using a computing model known as `` simulated annealing , '' which obeys the laws of classical physics ( the physics of everyday life ) rather than the more elusive properties of quantum physics .
`` [ Our research ] rules out one type of classical model that has been argued as a proper description of the D-Wave machine , '' Lidar says . `` A lot of people thought that when D-Wave came on the market their machine was just doing that , [ but ] we ruled that out . ''
> 'Our research rules out one type of classical model that has been argued as a proper description of the D-Wave machine . A lot of people thought that when D-Wave came on the market their machine was just doing that , but we ruled that out . ' Daniel Lidar
The paper , Experimental Signature of Programmable Quantum Annealing , appears in the well-respected academic journal Nature Communications . Quantum annealing is a computing model that , yes , operates in the quantum realm , and according to Lidar , the team 's research shows `` strong agreement '' between quantum annealing and the way the D-Wave system operates .
First proposed in 1985 by British physicist David Deutsch , a quantum computer is a machine that operates according to the mind-bending principles of quantum mechanics , the physics of very small things like electrons and photons . With a classical computer , a transistor stores a single `` bit '' of information . If the transistor is `` on , '' it holds a `` 1 . '' If it 's `` off , '' it holds a `` 0 . '' With quantum computer , information is held in a system that can exist in two states at the same time , thanks to what 's called the superposition principle of quantum mechanics .
This `` qubit '' can store a `` 0 '' and `` 1 '' simultaneously . If you build two qubits , they can hold four values at once – 00 , 01 , 10 , and 11 . As you tack on additional qubits , you can fashion a machine exponentially more powerful than a classical computer .
The rub is building even a single qubit is difficult . When you look at — i.e . read information from — a quantum system , it decoheres . In other words , it turns into an ordinary bit capable of holding only a single value . It ceases to be a quantum computer .
There are many ways around this problem , and the minds at D-Wave , including founder and CTO Geordie Rose , believe they 've found one . In 2007 , the company released what it called a 16-qubit quantum computer , and the company 's current model is billed as a 512-qubit machine . This is what Google is using .
According to D-Wave , the machine contains 512 superconducting circuits , each a tiny loop of flowing current . These are cooled to almost absolute zero , the company says , so they enter a quantum state where the current flows both clockwise and counterclockwise at the same time . When you feed the machine a task , it uses a set of algorithms to map a calculation across these qubits – and then execute that calculation . Basically , this involves determining the probability that a given set of circuits will emerge in a particular pattern when the temperature inside the system is raised .
But scientists such as Greg Kuperberg , a math professor at the University of California , Davis , are skeptical . `` D-Wave 's technology has been an enigma , in a negative sense , '' he told us last year . The USC paper gets us a little closer to the truth , though Lidar and his team still leave room for doubt over the way the machine operates .
What they can say for sure is that the system does n't use simulated annealing , which is essentially a means of searching for a mathematical solution . According to Lidar , simulated annealing is akin to looking for the lowest possible point in a vast landscape .
`` We call it an energy landscape , '' he says . `` There is a solution hiding somewhere in that landscape , and you can imagine that solution is hiding at the lowest point on the surface . You 're trying to find that lowest point . '' This is done by randomly traveling across the landscape , moving down `` hills '' and back up them , until you locate the deepest valley .
This strategy relies purely on classical physics , not quantum physics . But Lidar says the D-wave is `` consistent '' with quantum annealing . This is similar to simulated annealing — except you can , in essence , go through the hills rather than over them . `` You can take advantage of a quantum phenomenon called tunneling , '' Lidar says . `` It 's like a quantum shortcut . '' He 's careful to say that he and his team have not proven that the D-Wave uses quantum annealing , but the system certainly appears to use it .
Dr. Daniel Lidar , a professor of electrical engineering and chemistry at the University of Southern California , whose research focuses on quantum computing and the machine built by D-Wave . Photo : Mae Ryan/Wired
Even if they did prove the machine operates in this way , this would n't exactly prove it 's a quantum computer . When those in the scientific community hear the term , they tend to think of a `` universal quantum computer , '' a quantum computer that can handle any task . The D-Wave does n't work that way — it 's geared to particular calculations — but according to Lidar , the concepts behind it could be used , in theory , to build a universal quantum computer .
Whatever you call it , the D-Wave is useful , helping to solve what are known as combinatorial optimization problems , which turn up in everything from genome sequence analysis and protein folding to risk analysis . In announcing its use of the D-Wave machine last month , Google said it would use the system to help advance machine learning — i.e . efforts to create computing systems that can learn in much the same way people do .
`` We believe quantum computing may help solve some of the most challenging computer science problems , particularly in machine learning , '' Hartmut Neven , a Google director of engineering , wrote in a blog post . `` Machine learning is all about building better models of the world to make more accurate predictions . ''
For what it 's worth , Google is matter-of-fact in calling the D-Wave a quantum computer . And it should come as no surprise that it just hired Sergio Boixo , one of the researchers behind the USC paper . The machine is housed at NASA 's Ames Research Center , not far from Google 's headquarters , in a place the company calls the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab . At Google , the semantics are n't nearly as important as the task at hand .
Additional reporting by Robert McMillan
We do n't need a functioning government to tell us that the job market is lousy . But we do need one to help make the job market better .
It 's the first Friday of the month , usually the day we get a bunch of random numbers from the government telling us what we already knew : Good jobs are scarce . This month , the government is too busy being held hostage by House Republicans to give us those random numbers . But there 's plenty of evidence already that September was grimly similar to many of the months that came before it in this grinding recovery .
With sagging consumer confidence and hiring surveys , September may even have been worse than August , which was itself not a great month for jobs .
And October could be worse still , given the political chaos in Washington , which Republicans are threatening to turn into a full-blown financial crisis . That is starting to worry financial markets and could already be affecting hiring .
Whenever Bureau of Labor Statistics workers stop being furloughed by a government shutdown , economists , on average , expect it to report 185,000 new jobs on nonfarm payrolls in September and an unemployment rate holding at 7.3 percent , according to a tally by MarketWatch .
But earlier this week a report on private job growth by the payroll-processing firm ADP and a service-sector hiring survey by the Institute for Supply Management was worse than economists expected , suggesting September 's official jobs numbers would disappoint .
September 's job report will probably look a lot like August 's , with less than 170,000 new jobs and an unemployment rate probably still well north of 7 percent , mainly because people keep checking out of the labor market . When you give up looking for work , you 're no longer `` unemployed '' in the eyes of the BLS , et voila , lower unemployment rate .
These numbers are certainly an improvement over the depths of the Great Recession , when unemployment hit 10 percent . We have recovered about 7 million of the jobs lost during the recession , but are still about 2 million jobs below the peak before the recession began . ( Story continues after chart of frustration . )
This grind has made for the slowest job-market recovery since the Great Depression , as you can see from this chart updated monthly by Bill McBride of the Calculated Risk blog :
The jobs that have been created are mostly low-paying jobs :
Which is one reason wages have lagged far behind the stock market and corporate profits :
Despite what amounts to an employment crisis , Congress and the White House have spent most of the past couple of years locked in nonstop pointless battles over the federal budget . The austerity that has resulted has kept the recovery slow and painful :
The political centre across southern Europe is disintegrating . Establishment parties of centre-left and centre-right - La Casta , as they say in Spain - have successively immolated themselves enforcing EMU debt-deflation .
Spain 's neo-Bolivarian Podemos party refuses to fade . It has endured crippling internal rifts . It has shrugged off hostile press coverage over financial ties to Venezuela . Nothing sticks .
The insurrectionists who came from nowhere last year - with Trotskyist roots and more radical views than those of Syriza in Greece - are pulling further ahead in the polls . The latest Metroscopia survey gave Podemos 28pc . The ruling conservatives have dropped to 21pc .
The once-great PSOE - Spanish Workers Socialist Party - has fallen to 18pc and risks fading away like the Dutch Labour Party , or the French Socialists , or Greece 's Pasok . You can defend EMU policies , or you can defend your political base , but you can not do both .
As matters stand , Podemos is on track to win the Spanish elections in November on a platform calling for the cancellation of `` unjust debt '' , a reversal of labour reforms , public control over energy , the banks , and the commanding heights of the economy , and withdrawal from Nato .
• Greece 's last minute offer to Brussels changes absolutely nothing
Europe 's policy elites can rail angrily at the folly of these plans if they wish , but they must answer why ex-Trotskyists with a plan to dismantle market capitalism are taking a major EMU state by storm . It is what happens 5.46m people lack jobs , when 2m households still have no earned income , when youth unemployment is still running at 51.4pc , and home prices are down 42pc , six years into a depression .
It is pointless protesting that Spain 's economy is turning the corner , a contested claim in any case . There comes a point when a society breaks and stops believing anything its leaders say .
The EU elites themselves have run their currency experiment into the ground by imposing synchronized monetary , fiscal , and banking contraction on the southern half of EMU , in defiance of known economic science and the lessons of the 1930s . It is they who pushed the eurozone into deflation , and thereby pushed the debtor states further into compound-interest traps .
It is they who deployed the EMU policy machinery to uphold the interests of creditors , refusing to acknowledge that the root cause of Europe 's crisis was a flood excess capital flows into vulnerable economies . It is they who prevented a US-style recovery from the financial crisis , and they should not be surprised that such historic errors are coming back to haunt .
The revolt in Italy has different contours but is just as dangerous for Brussels . Italians may not wish to leave the euro but political consent for the project but broken down . All three opposition parties are now anti-euro in one way or another . Beppe Grillo 's Five Star movement - with 108 seats in parliament - is openly calling for a return to the lira .
Mr Grillo proclaims that Syriza is carrying the torch for all the long-suffering peoples of southern Europe , as it is in a sense .
`` What 's happening to Greece today , will be happening to Italy tomorrow . Sooner or later , default is coming , '' he said .
Premier Matteo Renzi 's political fortunes rest on an economic recovery that has n't come
Premier Matteo Renzi staked everthing on a recovery that has yet to happen . He is running out of political time . Deflationary dymanics are overwhelming the fiscal gains from austerity . Italy 's public debt has jumped from 116pc to 133pc of GDP in three years . The youth jobless rate is 44pc and still rising . Italian GDP has fallen almost 10pc in six years , and by 15pc in the Mezzogiorno . Italy 's industrial production has dropped back to the levels of 1980 .
Worse than the Great Depression
The leaders of Spain and Italy know that their own populists at home will seize on any concessions to Syriza over austerity or debt relief as proof that Brussels yields only to defiance . They have a very strong incentive to make Greece suffer , even if it means a cataclysmic rupture and a Greek ejection from the euro .
Yet to act on this political impulse risks destroying the European Project . Europe 's Left would nurture a black legend for a hundred years if the first radical socialist government of modern times was crushed and forced into bankruptcy by Frankfurt bankers - acting at the legal boundaries of their authority , or beyond - choosing to switch off liquidity support for the Greek financial system .
• Greece 's rock-star finance minister Yanis Varoufakis defies ECB 's drachma threats
It would throw the Balkans into turmoil and probably shatter the security structure of the Eastern Mediterranean . It is easy to imagine a chain of events where an embittered Greece pulled out of Nato and turned to Russia , paralysing EU foreign policy in a self-feeding cycle of animosity that would ultimately force Greece out of the union altogether .
The charisma of the EU - using the Greek meaning - would drain away if such traumatic events were allowed to unfold , and all because a country of 11m people wanted to cut its primary budget surplus to 1.5pc from 4.5pc of GDP , and shake a discredited Troika off its back , for that is what it comes down to .
One is tempted to cite Jacques Delors ' famous comment that `` Europe is like a riding bicycle : you stop pedalling and you fall off '' but that hardly captures the drama of what amounts to civil war in a union built on a self-conscious ideology of solidarity .
`` The euro is fragile . It is like a house of cards . If you pull away the Greek card , they all come down , ” warned Greece 's finance minister Yanis Varoufakis .
“ Do we really want Europe to break apart ? Anybody who is tempted to think it possible to amputate Greece strategically from Europe should be careful . It is very dangerous . Who would be hit after us ? Portugal ? '' he said .
Greece 's finance minister Yanis Varoufakis says the euro `` is like a house of cards ''
George Osborne clearly agrees . The worries have been serious enough to prompt a one-hour Cobra security meeting . `` The risks of a miscalculation or a misstep leading to a very bad outcome are growing , ” said the Chancellor .
Currency guru Barry Eichengreen - the world 's leading expert on the collapse of the Gold Standard in 1931 - thinks Grexit might be impossible to control . `` It would be Lehman Brothers squared , ” he said .
This is not the view in Germany , at least not yet . The IW and ZEW institutes both argue that Europe can safely withstand contagion now that it has a rescue machinery and banking union in place . It must not give in to `` blackmail '' .
Such is the 'moral hazard ' view of the world , the reflex that led to the Lehman collapse in 2008 . `` If we knew then what we know now , we would n't have done it , '' the then-US treasury secretary Tim Geithner told EMU leaders in early 2011 , the first time they were tempted to eject Greece .
The fond hope is that the European Central Bank can and will smooth over any turbulence in Portugal , Italy and Spain by mopping up their bonds , now that quantitative easing is on the way . Yet the losses suffered from a Greek default would surely ignite a political firestorm in Germany .
Bild Zeitung has devoted two pages to warnings that Grexit would cost Germany €65bn , or much more once the Bundesbank 's Target2 payments though the ECB system are included . The unpleasant discovery that Germany 's Target2 exposure can in fact go up in smoke - despite long assurances that this could never happen - might make it untenable to continue such support .
It is unfair to pick on Portugal but its public and private debts are 380pc of GDP - the highest in Europe and higher than those of Greece - making is acutely vulnerable to toxic effects of deflation on debt dynamics .
• Devaluation by China is the next great risk for a deflationary world
Portugal 's net international investment position ( NIIP ) - the best underlying indicator of solvency - has reached minus 112pc of GDP . Public debt has jumped from 111pc to 125pc of GDP in three years . The fiscal deficit is still 5pc . The country 's ranking in global competitiveness is close to that of Greece .
`` The situation in Portugal is very different , '' says Paulo Portas , the deputy premier . Sadly it is not . Once you violate the sanctity of monetary union and reduce EMU to a fixed-exchange system , the illusion that Portugal is out of the woods may not last long . Markets will test it .
Can Angela Merkel save the day ?
Only two people can now stop the coming train-wreck . Chancellor Angela Merkel and her finance minister Wolfgang Schauble , a man who masks his passion for the EU cause behind an irascible front .
Syriza have made a strategic blunder by turning their struggle into a fight with Germany , demanding Nazi war reparations , and toying with the Russian card at the very moment when Mrs Merkel is locked in make-or-break talks on Ukraine with Vladimir Putin .
Mr Varoufakis is trying to limit the damage , praising Mrs Merkel as the `` most astute politician '' in Europe , and Mr Schauble as the `` only European politician with intellectual substance '' - a wounding formulation for the others . He has called on Germany to cast off self-doubt and assume its role as Europe 's benevolent hegemon , almost as if he were evoking the glory days of the Holy Roman Empire when pious German emperors stood as guarantors for Christendom .
This is the only pitch that will work . Angela Merkel has risen above her narrow East German outlook and her fiscal platitudes to emerge as the soul-searching Godmother of Europe and the last credible defender of its unity . But even Mrs Merkel can be pushed too far .
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Thursday offered retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn a position as his national security adviser , senior Trump officials said , with an official announcement set to come Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Flynn was reportedly a top candidate for the position and was said to be Trump 's choice after the pair met on Wednesday .
In July , the retired lieutenant general
Throughout Trump 's campaign , Flynn also served as a military adviser , giving Trump advice on questions of foreign policy and military strategy .
Jason Miller , an aide to Trump ,
`` He 'd be a fantastic addition . I 'll let the president-elect make that decision . I 'm a huge fan of Gen. Flynn , '' he said in an interview with Fox News 's Megyn Kelly . Flynn has held a number of military roles throughout his career , serving as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and chair of the Military Intelligence Board.In July , the retired lieutenant general emerged as one of the top potential candidates to become Trump 's vice presidential pick.Throughout Trump 's campaign , Flynn also served as a military adviser , giving Trump advice on questions of foreign policy and military strategy.Jason Miller , an aide to Trump , foreshadowed the announcement on Wednesday , stating that Flynn would be a `` fantastic '' candidate for the position . `` He 'd be a fantastic addition . I 'll let the president-elect make that decision . I 'm a huge fan of Gen. Flynn , '' he said in an interview with Fox News 's Megyn Kelly .
Flynn is the first major Trump appointment since he chose Steve Bannon as his top strategist and Reince Priebus as chief of staff . It 's not clear if Flynn has accepted the position . The job does not require confirmation by the Senate .
1 : It is simple , which increases the maximum audience that will try it .
2 : It is deep , which increases the size of audience that can be engaged with it for a long period of time .
3 : It is historic , which causes a lot of nostalgia and brings people back occasionally .
# 1 and # 3 are pretty obvious , so I 'll talk more about # 2 .
Tetris has a pretty optimal psychological play pattern from a lot of perspectives :
1 ) You get memorable highs in some small fraction of games , and average or below average performance in other games . The scoring system and piece drops ensure this . I believe that infrequent spikey highs are one of a few key approaches you can take .
2 ) You always feel like you are learning as you play it , because you are , and because there are multiple layers on which one can improve at the game . This is intrinsically motivating to humans .
3 ) It has good in-game pacing -- starts slow , spikes faster , then as you clear major problems on your board , you get a bit of relief .
Update : With EA 's conference now over , the official gameplay trailer of Battlefront 2 has been released . You can watch it below .
Here 's everything we know about Star Wars Battlefront 2 .
Original story : I sense a disturbance in the Force . It 's as if a hundred PR people cried out and were suddenly silenced . Ahead of tonight 's big blowout at EA 's Play event , gameplay of Battlefront 2 has leaked via YouTube .
Coming from Battlefront YouTuber Axrora and reuploaded by a user called Mjolnir , this footage shows off the Assault on Theed map . It shows off Darth Maul , Rey and Boba Fett , which confirms that heroes will accessible across all Star Wars era , regardless of whether the map is set during a certain time period .
Darth Maul is how you would expect him to be , as he is able to carve through opponents with his dual lightsaber and Force choke anyone who dare cross him . Unfortunately , he is n't played by the original voice of Darth Maul , Peter Serafinowicz . Rey is great for hunting down opponents , as her Force Vision allows her to see enemies through walls . She can then scan the area with her Force powers , spotting any nearby units for friendlies to take out .
Boba Fett is very similar to his incarnation in the first Battlefront , with his jet boosters and rocket backpack being perfect for taking out large groups of enemies or vehicles . Interestingly enough , he does n't have his flamethrower , but instead has a rocket barrage and a scan pulse to spot nearby enemies .
Rather than picking up heroes at points on the map , players gain Credits as they fight and can use these to buy access to special units . They are n't just heroes though , players can call in support vehicles and super-powered units like Super Battle Droids to help turn the tide of battle .
As for the Theed map itself , its layout is quite similar to Ballroom Blitz from Battlefield 1 or Battlefield 3 's Donya Fortress , with players moving between courtyards and large ballrooms as they fight for control . Do n't expect many vehicles on this tightly packed map , besides the odd troop transport boosting your squad .
This video will no doubt be nuked by EA in due course , so watch it while you can ! Expect a proper gameplay reveal of Star Wars Battlefront 2 later tonight .
Follow this live blog for updates on the emergency evacuation ordered for Oroville-area residents by the state Department of Water Resources , which warned late Sunday afternoon that the auxiliary spillway at the Oroville Dam could fail .
var _ndnq = _ndnq || [ ] ; _ndnq.push ( [ 'embed ' ] ) ;
Scroll down below the live blog to see the live stream from the California Emergency Operations Center .
The department issued the evacuation advisory around 4:40 p.m. Sunday , just four hours after holding a press conference where they said they did n't anticipate such problems .
The National Weather Service in Sacramento issued a flash flood and dam failure warning for Butte County . Other counties also warned residents in the path of potential flooding to evacuate .
This live blog is courtesy of www.chicoer.com Click here if you are having trouble viewing this on your mobile device .
Donate to @ NVCF support residents evacuated due to collapse of dam spillway nvcf.org/fund/oroville-… # OrovilleDam # OrovilleSpillway http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g9vKiVMAEEkgV.jpgHopefully the evacuation efforts below the # OrovilleDam are successful , the failure of the dam will be HUGE . # OrovilleSpillway http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-IHGWYAAehiF.jpgPraying for all folks at risk near # OrovilleDam , as # OrovilleSpillway expected to give way ; thx to # FirstResponders
kcra.com/article/evacua… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g9yAuXUAAJb7c.jpgAsí lucía en 2014 lago y vertedero de la presa # Oroville ; hoy está al 101 % de su capacidad por las lluvias torrenciales de los últimos días . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5fUoAA98zb.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5lVUAA5s_5.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5cVMAACc2s.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p6mUYAAy7NX.jpgAsí lucía en 2014 lago y vertedero de la presa # Oroville ; hoy está al 101 % de su capacidad por las lluvias torrenciales de los últimos días . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5fUoAA98zb.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5lVUAA5s_5.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5cVMAACc2s.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p6mUYAAy7NX.jpgAsí lucía en 2014 lago y vertedero de la presa # Oroville ; hoy está al 101 % de su capacidad por las lluvias torrenciales de los últimos días . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5fUoAA98zb.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5lVUAA5s_5.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5cVMAACc2s.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p6mUYAAy7NX.jpgAsí lucía en 2014 lago y vertedero de la presa # Oroville ; hoy está al 101 % de su capacidad por las lluvias torrenciales de los últimos días . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5fUoAA98zb.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5lVUAA5s_5.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p5cVMAACc2s.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-p6mUYAAy7NX.jpg # OrovilleSpillway Oroville went for Trump .. Probably the work of Jerry Brown http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-wMQUcAAzVUq.jpg # OrovilleDam keep in mind there is another dam/diversion area only a mile downstream . And area is saturated . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-3SEVYAAvfw-.jpgFor those trying to understand the # OrovilleDam situation in # California , this # diagram should help . # evacuation # OrovilleSpillway # Oroville http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-5D2VMAE7nlV.jpgShelter rules for those evacuating from # Oroville to # chicoca @ theorion_news http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-tIZVUAAAMTY.jpgConcrete top of emergency spillway at # OrovilleDam holds back about 30 vertical feet of lake http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g5xfjUEAAxSc8.jpgFlooding projection if auxiliary spillway fails at # OrovilleDam per @ sacbee_news & @ CAL_FIRE . Bee says 162,000 ppl likely evacuated . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-UgFVYAAZ0ZO.jpg # OrovilleDam Why is the dam failing now ? Wettest year on record .
Source : bit.ly/1CK8D7z http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-8ShVUAES0DK.jpgPhoto via @ chrismartenson
See comments section .
# Oroville
< a href= '' https : //t.co/bwzsV3m0nT '' title= '' https : //www.peakprosperity.com/dailydigest/107073/daily-digest-211-reclaiming-native-ground-should-cash-abolished # comment -203954 '' > peakprosperity.com/dailydigest/10… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g9vAjVcAEOgfP.jpgOld aerial on @ ucdavis site shows spillway ( far left ) would spill a lot of water but not everything . # OrovilleDam goo.gl/9edaOj http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g-7OiUcAAR5u2.jpg # OrovilleDam coverage from 2 days ago . Holds drinking water for millions in California msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g_2D8WMAEiRov.jpg # CaliforniaTown Given One Hour to Evacuate Before Dam Spillway Collapses # Oroville ... gaming.trendolizer.com/2017/02/califo… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hANkAWAAAaqSW.jpgIs this CA 's busted # OrovilleDam flooding Oroville ?
That coz CA malfeasance , not # ClimateChange .
@ TheDailyClimate @ TedGroschScifi http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAWIHVcAMzN52.jpgI repeat this is not a drill ! !
Dam will hold but the lake 's about to overflow & the safety 's broken
Evacuate ! !
# OrovilleDam
# TheResistance http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAh92XUAAOIdh.jpgHow damage to # OrovilleDam 's main spillway turned into a crisis # America disaster.trendolizer.com/2017/02/how-da… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAdXbWAAQ4Ob2.jpg7pm lake level still slightly over capacity but inflow is dropping .. they 'll be ok * if * emerg/aux dirt spillway holds .. big if # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAk_hUEAET_u2.jpgSome strong language coming from @ NWSSacramento regarding # OrovilleDam . Evacuations issued ahead of spillway failure from excess water . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAjcFXAAAgsoZ.jpgTo be concise per @ CA_DWR # OrovilleDam structure is sound , new auxiliary spillway is damaged , repairs underway . Image via @ NWSSacramento http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hAc2BUcAAxvV8.jpgMandatory evacuation for populations from # Oroville south to the # sutter line . The # orovilledam … www.instagram.comFrom one of our based members at Reddit on r/the_donald on how the dam got to this sad state of affairs . # orovilledam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBMyJUYAAT_o3.jpgLay of the land in Oroville ... # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBCCHUkAABZMc.jpg # orovilledam another graphic & with more notations & showing area of concern ( parking lot left of emergency spillway )
@ GregCook2011 http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBKvIUcAEM7g8.jpgAccording to @ CA_DWR , to be clear # OrovilleDam structure is sound , new # Oroville spillway is damaged , repairs underway . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBYqdUcAAvdOh.jpg # USA : # Oroville Dam Fails : # YubaCity , # Oroville Immediate Evacuation All Residents ! http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBVUIWIAA9rSH.jpgIn # Oroville area , water flows down spillway as nearby residents rush to evacuate ... thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/in-oro… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBmBsWMAAw3Nh.jpgMass evacuations below # OrovilleDam ; roads jammed thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/mass-e… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBnhrXUAAY5LC.jpgHow damage to # OrovilleDam 's main spillway turned into a crisis # America thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/how-da… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBsZWWcAAb50v.jpgVideo : Official update on the threatened # OrovilleDam spillway thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/video-… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBt1wWAAAjwJG.jpg # Desarrollo Aliviaderos de la presa de # Oroville han sido abiertos para evitar colapso del vertedero . Continua evacuación de la zona . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBktcWMAAbDKU.jpgSandbags , rocks used to try to stave off failure of # OrovilleDam spillway thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/sandba… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hBvZTWcAIMJN8.jpg # BREAKING : Evacuation order for all residents downstream of # OrovilleDam . Spillway Failure expected within hour . * '' NOT A DRIlL '' http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hB3VlUMAACz-D.jpgThe gov is not being forth coming . Go figure ... what else is new . # Evacuate # Oroville Dam area ! ! ! # California http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hB6FOWYAAO00q.jpgEveryone . I am in yuba city . 30 miles south of oroville . We ca n't even move . Evacuating happening . # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hChdFUEAAfieC.jpg # Sacramento # mayor says ‘ no imminent threat ' to capital city if # Oroville spillway ... disaster.trendolizer.com/2017/02/sacram… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hCxLHW8AAG-Qn.jpgHere 's a diagram of the # OrovilleDam . The actual dam itself is safe but the emergency spillway could fail http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4g8r4NVUAAKjAg.jpgThis is happening - spillway failure is expected , dam still okay . Mass evacuations are underway # OrovilleDam # fail http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDA7aVUAEev3p.jpgAutoridades de # California emiten orden de evacuación para residentes cerca a # presa # Oroville x falla en estructura del vertedero auxiliar http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDHlSUYAAgkgh.jpgA 30-ft drop in # Oroville lake level times 15,000-ac lake area suggests 450,000 AF flood bit.ly/2lzmGdS http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDCNIW8AksAGZ.jpg # Oroville acaba de convertirse en TT ocupando la 10ª posición en Chile . Más en trendinalia.com/twitter-trendi… # trndnl http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDEN3VMAAVujh.jpgTwit 21:27 , Adelle desentona , a Metallica no le funciona micrófono y falla represa # Oroville , @ sergiomelnick1 necesitamos explicación http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDcGpW8AAx9c6.jpgSomeone got a little ahead of themselves on Wikipedia on the Oroville Dam page ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDbdTUMAAEOh_.jpg⚠️ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ⛈ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? # DisastersListO CA authorities issued an evacuation order impacting areas downriver of # OrovilleDam @ snow-brains.com/emergency-evac… ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ⚠️ ? ? ? ? http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDcSzVUAAyie-.jpgAnother Evac Center ( red X ) set up at Neighborhood Church for # OrovilleSpillway 2801 Notre Dame Blvd , Chico , CA . Northwest of Oroville . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDbjiUcAQMdNw.jpgIronically ... even the # emergency manages have to watch commercials ...
# Oroville
# Dam
# EmergencySpillway
# Evacuation
# California http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDh5pUMAAH9UP.jpgEveryone in # YubaCity # Oroville # Marysville take evacuations serious pls # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDjyRUkAA0XZJ.jpgWhere is # LakeOroville and the # OrovilleDam ? thetimestimes.trendolizer.com/2017/02/where-… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hEHZ8WIAAWM2D.jpg . @ usbr # OrovilleDam spillway patch & vegetation growth . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hEncfUEAErwPh.jpgThousands told to leave their homes near huge California dam # OrovilleDam
ksl.com/ ? sid=43166169 & … http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hE1VuUEAAaBV8.jpgEveryone in # YubaCity # Oroville # Marysville take evacuations serious pls # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hExJFWMAIosNA.jpg⚠️ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ⛈ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? # DisastersListO CA authorities issued an evacuation order impacting areas downriver of # OrovilleDam @ snowbrains.com/emergency-evac… ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ⚠️ ? ? ? ? http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFB9YUYAA8Vt0.jpgThousand # Evacute as # LakeOroville # Spillway [ NOT DAM ] is expected to fail . Please keep them in your thoughts ! # LESM ow.ly/QbrA308Wm4r http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hE6vXVcAIJZ06.jpgUpdate from DWR on # OrovilleDam
Dam itself is stable . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hE6dyUkAE6tOl.jpg # Oroville acaba de convertirse en TT ocupando la 10ª posición en Chile . Más en trendinalia.com/twitter-trendi… # trndnl http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hDEN3VMAAVujh.jpgULTIMA HORA : Evacuación obligatoria en # Oroville - # EEUU tras amenaza de que ceda el vertedero auxiliar de las aguas del lago . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFNepWYAUM4jc.jpgPlease pray 4 Oroville & Butte Co in CA . An emergency spillway for Oroville dam has eroded & is compromised . Evacuations underway . # Oroville http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFdUYUYAA07Hv.jpgMASSIVE FLOOD THREAT : California spillway failure `` imminent '' - breaking911.com/urgent-orovill… # OrovilleDam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFauHWQAIIycv.jpg # oroville es ahora una tendencia en Chile
trendsmap.com/r/CL_fpzgbz http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFbqeXUAAjArC.jpg2/2 As the lake reached 100+ % water began to flow over the emergency spillway on its own . Mother Nature activated the spillway # orovilledam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFQWUUYAIZEqE.jpgThe News keeps saying DWR activated the emergency spillway . That spillway is self activating . 1/2 # orovilledam http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFQWtUYAAdteZ.jpgLine to get into Chico fairgrounds where # OrovilleDam spillway evacuees are told to go . http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFmHlUkAExpoM.jpgThis was Lake # oroville in May 2015 # OrovilleDam @ paulstorms http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFj6vWAAAu1R_.jpg # OrovilleDam Spillway Failure
LIVE STREAM ONLINE
heavy.com/news/2017/02/w… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFjORUcAANuBx.jpgEvacuation CHAOS as California dam on verge of FAILING , putting thousands of lives at risk # OrovilleDam bit.ly/2ki85D7 http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hFqdYXAAA6VEN.jpg # OrovilleDam Auxillary Spillway erosion from # AtmosphericRiver deluge prompts massive evacuation amid Flood Warnings
sacbee.com/news/state/cal… http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hEwn2VUAAcFmp.jpgÚltimo minuto : Ordenan la evacuación urgente del pueblo de # Oroville en # California ya que # Represa # Oroville está a punto de colapsar http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQMWYAA0e8_.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQNWcAEe7fR.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQQWYAI00Gq.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQTWIAIGx3v.jpgÚltimo minuto : Ordenan la evacuación urgente del pueblo de # Oroville en # California ya que # Represa # Oroville está a punto de colapsar http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQMWYAA0e8_.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQNWcAEe7fR.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQQWYAI00Gq.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQTWIAIGx3v.jpgÚltimo minuto : Ordenan la evacuación urgente del pueblo de # Oroville en # California ya que # Represa # Oroville está a punto de colapsar http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQMWYAA0e8_.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQNWcAEe7fR.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQQWYAI00Gq.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQTWIAIGx3v.jpgDowntown Oroville tonight http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hC8OFVUAAJSEQ.jpgÚltimo minuto : Ordenan la evacuación urgente del pueblo de # Oroville en # California ya que # Represa # Oroville está a punto de colapsar http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQMWYAA0e8_.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQNWcAEe7fR.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQQWYAI00Gq.jpg '' > http : //pbs.twimg.com/media/C4hGPQTWIAIGx3v.jpg
Scotch ... in a can ! Scottish Spirits Import Inc. What was once revered as a fine gentleman 's beverage , perfect for sipping from a highball glass while discussing foreign policy , could now be a staple at college football tailgates .
The Huffington Post reported that a Florida whiskey maker , Scottish Spirits , will sell Scotch whiskey in a green and gold can .
The box did it for wine , and now the can is doing for Scotch — -putting a once-pedigreed adult beverage into a portable , affordable container . Huffington Post wrote :
Each can of Scottish Spirits will contain 12 ounces — about eight shots — of 80-proof `` single grain scotch whiskey , '' distilled and matured for three years in oak casks in Scotland , according to Rubenfeld . The company hopes to have its cans on shelves in major American markets by Feb. 1 , retailing for $ 5 apiece .
Ken Rubenfeld , vice president of operations for Scottish Spirits , said that the new can format will be more convenient for Scotch drinkers than toting around a big , glass bottle .
`` A lot of people like to have beverages by their pool , on their boat , in a campground , at sporting events or tailgate parties , '' he told HuffPo . `` It 's easier to bring a six pack of a beverage verses bringing a bottle of scotch . ''
Critics say that the purpose of Scotch is to sip slowly and savor , and that the cans will encourage chugging because the cans can not be resealed .
Rubenfeld said that the cans should be shared among friends .
Each can will have approximately eight shots of Scotch in them , at 80 proof each .
`` A 160-pound man who decided to drink an entire can in one hour would find himself extremely intoxicated with an approximate .18 to .22 blood alcohol level , enough to cause motor impairment , loss of memory and blackout , '' the New York Daily News calculated .
This post originally appeared at The Daily Caller
Years ago , I 'd heard about a mythical unreleased videogame developed by Penn & Teller for the Sega CD and 3DO . The game was supposed to be an oddball adventure game , with some cruel magic tricks and minigames thrown in for good measure . This Absolute Entertainment press release from March 1995 sums it up nicely .
The most infamous part was “ Desert Bus , ” a “ VeriSimulator ” in which you drive a bus across the straight Nevada desert for eight hours in real-time . Then you drive it home . Also , I 'd read the bus veers to the right , so you ca n't just leave the joypad propped up . The rumor was that if you won the game , you got one point . ( March 25 : Someone finished the bus trip twice , and sent me photos ! See below for update . )
I 'd assumed for years that the entire thing was a hoax , but last September , Frank Cifaldi ( founder of Lost Levels ) received a backup CD-ROM made by a fellow videogame writer of a review copy he 'd received a decade earlier . He posted extensive screenshots and a review to the Something Awful Forums . He eventually added a torrent , but it 's long since dead .
So here 's an active torrent , seeded locally from my server for as long as I can . Did I mention it has cameos by Deborah Harry and Lou Reed ?
Download : Penn_and_Teller's_Smoke_and_Mirrors.torrent ( 810 MB )
Instructions : If you have an actual Sega CD , just burn the disc images and you 're set . Otherwise , you 'll need a copy of the Gens emulator and the Sega CD BIOS to play . After unpacking both archives , start the emulator and go to the “ Options : BIOS ” menu . Set the “ Sega CD BIOS : USA ” directory to the folder you saved the BIOS file in . Then use “ File : Open ROM ” to open “ PTSM1.bin . ”
If you beat Desert Bus , send me a screenshot ! ( One SA commenter claimed he played for four solid days , taking turns with a friend , to get a high score of 12 . )
March 1 , 2006 : Penn Jillette talked about the game today on his podcast ! He talks extensively about , among other things , the background history behind “ Desert Bus ” and the secrets behind some of the minigames . Tons of great trivia , including the tidbit that they were planning a massive Vegas trip prize to the person ( or group ) with the highest score .
The entire episode can be downloaded from the iTunes Music Store , or I 've posted the relevant part right here : Penn_Jillette_Podcast_on_Smoke_and_Mirrors.mp3 ( 2.5 MB ) . Frank transcribed some of the best parts on this Game Set Watch entry .
March 16 : Jeff H. , a former EA employee , provided unreleased copies of the Smoke and Mirrors manual , promotional video , Desert Bus contest form , and more . Finally , all the secrets of the original game exposed ! Download it all at PennFans.net .
March 25 : T. Frost finished the “ Desert Bus ” trip to Vegas , then spent another eight hours driving back to Tucson . He says , “ Here is the exciting conclusion when you get to Las Vegas . No bright lights or casinos , or even a cheesy full motion video for that matter making fun of you for doing it… Only Thing different on the trip home is night falls around 7:00 PM . No other reward . ”
He sent three screenshots of the Tucson to Vegas trip — the bug splat , the winning screen , and starting the trip back . Also , three from Vegas to Tucson — dusk , nightfall ( with bug splat ) , and the final timeclock .
October 18 , 2010 : Penn & Teller talk about Desert Bus at Comic-Con 2010 .
Paolo Manzo / NurPhoto Laura Boldrini
La sinistra di Pietro Grasso si allarga e accoglie un altro presidente , o meglio la presidente . Laura Boldrini alle 16 brinderà con i leader di Liberi e uguali Roberto Speranza e Pippo Civati nel quartiere universitario di San Lorenzo , sancendo il suo approdo alla formazione guidata dal presidente del Senato .
Dopo aver atteso l'ok alla manovra e aver presieduto l'aula nell'ultimo passaggio della legislatura , a una manciata di giorni dallo scioglimento delle Camere , la presidente scioglie le riserve e si schiera con la sinistra alternativa al Pd .
Una scelta , la sua , che ha poco di politicista e molto di adesione basata prevalentemente sul programma . Eletta nelle fila di Sel nel 2013 dopo un lungo impegno per l'Unhcr , viene catapultata sullo scranno più alto di Montecitorio durante i concitati giorni che seguirono la `` non vittoria '' di Pierluigi Bersani alle elezioni politiche . Insieme a lei , per la presidenza del Senato , il Pd indicò Grasso .
Un ticket che piacque alla base di sinistra , poiché rappresentava i valori della legalità e dell'accoglienza ; e si trattò di una scelta talmente poco 'politica ' e così tanto rappresentativa che qualcuno avanzò la critica di aver scelto due `` figurine '' più che due Presidenti esperti della guida delle Camere .
Ma proprio la scelta di contenuti e non di partito ha caratterizzato il quinquennio di Laura Boldrini alla guida di Montecitorio . La parità di genere , la net neutality , la lotta alla violenza sul web ( di cui è spesso vittima lei stessa e che ha deciso di denunciare ) e l'accoglienza dei migranti sono stati alcuni dei suoi cavalli di battaglia , che le hanno permesso di non entrare in rotta di collisione con il Pd come invece è successo ad alcuni suoi futuri compagni di viaggio .
Nessuno scontro aspro con i cugini dem alla base della sua scelta , dunque , ma la valutazione che i temi a lei più cari avrebbero trovato più spazio in Leu che nel Pd . Vicina a Giuliano Pisapia , aveva anche sperato in una convergenza di tutto il centrosinistra , ma aveva gettato la spugna ben prima dell'ex sindaco di Milano , ai primi di novembre . La linea del Pd di lasciare al suo destino la legge sullo ius soli è stata quindi solo la goccia che ha fatto traboccare il vaso e le ha fatto decidere senza più remore di scendere in pista con Liberi e uguali .
Darà vita al 'ticket dei presidenti ' in Leu , rompendo anche l'egemonia maschile nei vertici della nuova forza , finora guidata da soli uomini . In dote , spiega chi le ha parlato nelle ultime ore , porterà le battaglie condotte in questi anni : diritti delle donne , lavoro , periferie , immigrazione , senza dimenticare la comunicazione digitale e web .
A marzo la prova del fuoco delle elezioni in una competizione che per il centrosinistra appare ancora tutta in salita . Ma a Liberi e uguali la speranza è che dopo i punti conquistati nei sondaggi con l'arrivo di Grasso alla leadership , l'approdo di Laura Boldrini , molto combattiva anche nell'agone televisivo della campagna elettorale , faccia toccare la soglia psicologica del 10 % .
Se avete correzioni , suggerimenti o commenti scrivete a dir @ agi.it .
Se invece volete rivelare informazioni su questa o altre storie , potete scriverci su Italialeaks , piattaforma progettata per contattare la nostra redazione in modo completamente anonimo .
NIST Starts Developing Quantum-Resistant Cryptography Standards
The way we think about encryption is starting to change , and NIST is working on making cryptography resistant to quantum computing . New cryptographic algorithms are needed , and Bitcoin developers need to start preparing for the future as well .
Also read : A Discussion With Antiwar.com 's Angela Keaton
Quantum Computing Threatens Cryptography Algorithms
Technology is advancing at an accelerated pace , and the future of quantum computing is looking brighter every month . But at the same time , this presents a new threat to existing cryptographic standards , as quantum computing is starting to separate the current algorithms . As is always the case in these scenarios , it is important to stay ahead of the curve , rather than solving problems after they arise .
For every advancement made in the world of technology , new issues arise that need to be addressed . Quantum computing is a significant milestone in the history of computational power , but it is also a powerful force that should not be wielded without considering the consequences . One of these consequences results in addressing the current cryptography standards and coming up with new solutions .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology , known as NIST , is embarking on a trip into the new era of cryptography . Securing digital information relies on unbreakable cryptographic algorithms , and the time has come to step up the algorithms used to protect sensitive information . If the necessary measures are not taken in time , banking information , personal details , and consumer data will not be safe from prying eyes for much longer .
NIST has launched their community initiative — disguised as a friendly competition — to come up with new cryptographic algorithms that are resistant to quantum computing . Keeping in mind how the best standard cryptographic algorithms are open-source , this community effort can go a long way in developing new solutions . That being said , new proposals will have to be tested thoroughly by prominent mathematicians and developers .
Very few people are aware of how trillion-dollar businesses rely upon security provided by cryptography , among which are Internet banking and e-commerce service providers . But they are not the only ones , as anonymity and privacy providers such as Tor and VPN companies use cryptographic algorithms in their business models and technologies as well .
Cryptography is the last line of defense between consumer data and prying eyes . Do n't be mistaken in thinking only hackers would take advantage of encryption that can be breached with quantum computing , though , as various governments are in favor of weakening encryption standards as well .
The cryptographic algorithms used in this day and age make it computationally infeasible for digital computers to factorise the integer elements . However , since quantum computers are much more powerful than digital computers , they can find prime factors of large numbers . The increased potential power of a quantum computer can even be used to defeat standard cryptographic algorithms .
So What About Bitcoin Cryptography ?
The potential effect of quantum computing on Bitcoin cryptography has been touched upon multiple times throughout the years . Back in 2013 , it became apparent that Bitcoin addresses that have both received and spent funds are not immune from quantum computing threats . In fact , the public key — which is visible on the blockchain — can be used to derive the private key for that address .
Bitcoin 's cryptography is based on the elliptic curve algorithm , one of the many algorithms which could – theoretically – be broken by quantum computers with relative ease . Bitcoin enthusiasts can only hope the developers are well aware of the threats quantum computing poses , and take appropriate actions as soon as possible .
What are your thoughts on the effect of quantum computing on cryptographic algorithms ? Let us know in the comments below !
Source : NIST
Images courtesy of NIST , Shutterstock
( Image courtesy of GE . )
Despite recent advancements , additive manufacturing ( AM ) has yet to displace subtractive processes like CNC machining . Speed is one major reason for this . Although 3D printing may save time by consolidating multiple components in a single part , it 's slow going compared to something like 5-axis milling
Of course , there are ways around this limitation .
HP 's Multi Jet Fusion technology offers an order of magnitude increase in production speed over conventional selective laser sintering ( SLS ) for nylon parts . On the metals side , Desktop Metal 's recently unveiled Bound Metal Deposition ( BMD ) technology is reportedly 100 times faster than powder bed fusion ( PBF ) .
Unfortunately , game-changing technologies offering productivity gains like these tend to be few and far between . However , upgrading your 3D printing tech is n't the only way to get a speed boost .
Manufacturers can also go big .
Really big .
That 's the approach GE Additive is taking with the ATLAS : a “ meter-class ” laser/powder machine . Designed for the aerospace industry , the machine ( which GE Additive says will be the world 's largest ) will have a build envelope of 1,000mm x 1,000mm x 1,000mm .
`` The machine will 3D print aviation parts that are one meter in diameter , suitable for making jet engine structural components and parts for single-aisle aircraft , '' said Mohammad Ehteshami , VP and general manager of GE Additive at this year 's Paris Air Show . `` The machine will also be applicable for manufacturers in the automotive , power and oil & gas industries . ''
The mention of the automotive industry is particularly intriguing in this context .
( image courtesy of GE . )
The aerospace , power and oil & gas industries all deal in high-mix , low-volume manufacturing , a perfect fit for AM . In jet engines , for example , even a one percent reduction in weight can make an enormous difference to fuel efficiency—if AM can provide that , then its well worth the upfront costs .
In contrast , although the automotive industry has become increasingly concerned with lightweighting , it 's still a high-volume business . 3D printing could certainly reduce the weight of many automotive components , but these gains are outweighed ( pardon the pun ) by the longer production time that 's typical of additive manufacturing .
Again , speed is the limiting factor for 3D printing , with size as the way around it . We 've already seen this approach taken by Local Motors , which purchased two Big Area Additive Manufacturing ( BAAM ) systems from Cincinnati Incorporated last year . The key difference is that the BAAM systems do n't work with metal .
GE Additive has stated that the ATLAS will have resolution and build-rate speeds that are “ equal or better [ than ] today 's additive machines. ” The company has also stated that it will work with multiple materials , including non-reactive and reactive metals , like aluminum and titanium .
( Image courtesy of GE . )
ATLAS builds upon GE technology , combined with Concept Laser 's expertise in laser additive machines . Concept Laser currently has the largest laser-powder bed additive machine on the market , with a build envelope of 800mm x 400mm x 500mm .
`` We have customers collaborating with us and they will receive beta versions of the machine by year 's end , '' Ehteshami said . `` The production version ( yet to be named ) will be available for purchase next year . ''
GE is targeting first deliveries of the machine in late 2018 .
For more metal AM news , check out our video on The Increasing Diversity of Metal Powders for Additive Manufacturing .
Amy Poehler And Katherine Heigl Land Pilots at NBC By Alicia Lutes Random Article Blend
First up is Heigl 's potential return-to-television series , a CIA-focused drama called State of Affairs . The series is — according to The Hollywood Reporter — described as a Scandal/The West Wing mash-up , revolving around a maverick-y CIA attaché that is plucked from the field to become the person who briefs the president every day about the dangerous missions and events occurring around the world . Heigl will play the aforementioned agent tasked with targeting America 's most critical threats , all while attempting to navigate the unique lifestyle that comes with having such a high-stakes job . Already set to write and direct ( as well as executive produce alongside Heigl ) is Joe Carnahan , the film writer/director who 's also been working on another NBC series as of late : The Blacklist .
Though hardly new news , the Fey-backed comedy starring The Office star Ellie Kemper has already been given a straight-to-series , 13 episode order . Kemper will play a woman who escapes to New York City to start her life over after leaving a doomsday cult . The series will also be co-produced by Fey 's 30 Rock compatriot Robert Carlock .
Poehler 's pilot deal comes on the heels of her recently announced three year overall deal with the network . Starring Orange is The New Black star Natasha Lyonne , the series — tentatively titled Old Soul — the series follows Lyonne 's character as she searches to find herself all while working as the aide to a group of elderly people . Poehler is set to executive produce alongside Dave Becky , who frequently works with Louis C.K . and is also executive producing Poehler 's other on-air series , Comedy Central 's Broad City . In addition , Jon Fener , and Josh Bycel are on board as well .
Now if those last two names do n't sound familiar , they should . Fener and Bycel both worked as writers and co-executive producers on Happy Endings , the gone-too-soon series from ABC . It 's a check mark on the positive side for this series , as the duo are set to pen the script for this new outing .
The pilot order brings to an end an already banner week for Poehler , who Parks and Recreation while simultaneously hosting the event with friend and fellow NBC comedy hero , Tina Fey . And as it also turns out , Parks has already been given an unofficial seventh season following Bob Greenblatt 's conversation at the Television Critics Association 's winter tour in Pasadena this weekend . Which is a very exciting prospect indeed .
One thing remains fairly clear about NBC 's current pilot season strategy : ladies , ladies , ladies . And leading the pack is all-around queen of wonderful hilarity , Amy Poehler . Who , alongside fellow funny woman Tina Fey , may be tasked with attempting to save the network 's once-promising comedy lineup . The network has recently wrangled several new series for potential pick-ups next season from the likes of Amy Poehler and Tina Fey , and even a CIA drama that would mark the television return of Katherine Heigl . That 's a lot of women running stuff over at the peacock , y'all.First up is Heigl 's potential return-to-television series , a CIA-focused drama called . The series is — according to— described as amash-up , revolving around a maverick-y CIA attaché that is plucked from the field to become the person who briefs the president every day about the dangerous missions and events occurring around the world . Heigl will play the aforementioned agent tasked with targeting America 's most critical threats , all while attempting to navigate the unique lifestyle that comes with having such a high-stakes job . Already set to write and direct ( as well as executive produce alongside Heigl ) is Joe Carnahan , the film writer/director who 's also been working on another NBC series as of late : Though hardly new news , the Fey-backed comedy starringstar Ellie Kemper has already been given a straight-to-series , 13 episode order . Kemper will play a woman who escapes to New York City to start her life over after leaving a doomsday cult . The series will also be co-produced by Fey'scompatriot Robert Carlock.Poehler 's pilot deal comes on the heels of her recently announced three year overall deal with the network . Starringstar Natasha Lyonne , the series — tentatively titled— the series follows Lyonne 's character as she searches to find herself all while working as the aide to a group of elderly people . Poehler is set to executive produce alongside Dave Becky , who frequently works with Louis C.K . and is also executive producing Poehler 's other on-air series , Comedy Central 's . In addition , Jon Fener , and Josh Bycel are on board as well.Now if those last two names do n't sound familiar , they should . Fener and Bycel both worked as writers and co-executive producers on , the gone-too-soon series from ABC . It 's a check mark on the positive side for this series , as the duo are set to pen the script for this new outing.The pilot order brings to an end an already banner week for Poehler , who took home her first Golden Globe for her hilarious work as Leslie Knope on the network 's ownwhile simultaneously hosting the event with friend and fellow NBC comedy hero , Tina Fey . And as it also turns out , has already been given an unofficial seventh season following Bob Greenblatt 's conversation at the Television Critics Association 's winter tour in Pasadena this weekend . Which is a very exciting prospect indeed . Why Sophia Bush Left Chicago P.D . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Blackphone , the much-ballyhooed collaboration between anti-NSA encryption powerhouse Silent Circle , and Geeksphone , a company owned by a former tech prodigy , has begun shipping around the world . The initial inventory has already sold out .
While security-conscious phones have been sold in the past , the idea took off after the revelations of global NSA surveillance leaked by former security agent Edward Snowden .
According to its makers , Blackphone , which sports a minimalist design and uses a custom Android-based OS , offers “ an unparalleled product ideal for information workers , executives , public figures , and anyone else unwilling to give up their privacy . ”
“ Reclaim the power of choice . Now only you decide what to share , what to communicate , and what to keep entirely to yourself , ” urges their website .
By keeping its development program under wraps , the Swiss-based manufacturers of the device have built up a mystique that has led many to believe that the phone is NSA-proof – something its inventors have not themselves claimed .
But now first reviewers have been able to get their hands on the device , and the verdicts are in .
“ If you 're running a small or medium-sized business and are looking for a consumer device that can help protect your data , the Blackphone is a good option , ” says respected technology portal Ars Technica .
“ Is this the phone you give your parents or kids to help protect their privacy ? Maybe , if you 're not afraid of doing a bit of preconfiguration and coaching . But you 're probably better off just configuring the phones they already have . ”
Several reviewers have found that the sealed operating system largely prevents data leaks , despite sporting a sparse and somewhat outdated interface .
There has also been praise for the encoding methods of Silent Circle , which encodes all phone calls , texts and contacts transmitted to and stored on the phone . The Californian company used similar technologies to create a hard-to-breach email service , which it shut down once the NSA began demanding access last year .
Additionally , the phone gives the user tight control over which phone masts and wireless services it connects to , and prevents Blackphone users ' wireless connection history from leaking out and exposing users ' locations and travelling patterns .
On the downside , for its somewhat steep $ 630 price tag , its specs are unimpressive , even though it is n't the phone 's selling point .
This does not appear to have affected demand , and the producers , led by Javier Agüera , who founded niche smartphone maker Geeksphone at the age of 16 , can not keep up with the demand . While it has n't published how many devices they have sold so far , the company says it will not take new orders until the middle of this month .
Whether this means the SGP Technologies ' Blackphone has gone mainstream , or if it is just a stylish gadget for curious technophiles is not clear . But its impact on the market is becoming apparent .
“ What 's really important in the end about the Blackphone is that it has made the idea of a privacy-focused phone a reality—and it opens a conversation about what security technology can do for average people , ” sums up Ars Technica .
The launch of the Blackphone could force bigger mobile players to pay more attention to privacy for a wider audience , but in the meantime CEO of SGP Technologies , Toby Weir-Jones , believes the Blackphone 's arrival “ puts mobile privacy directly in the hands of professionals and consumers everywhere . ”
“ In a world where devices and apps increasingly offer features only in return for users ' personal or sensitive information , the pent-up demand for Blackphone shows there is strong , international demand for our brand 's devices and services that stand apart by placing privacy before all else , ” Toby Weir-Jones commented on the launch of their product .
BluCigs Yesterday , we showcased the 10 technologies Citi says are going to `` disrupt '' the world .
In other words , these are things that will dramatically alter how their respective industries operate .
There was one technology you could put in your mouth : e-cigarettes .
What are e-cigarettes ? They 're basically thin pipes of vaporized , flavored nicotine . When you take a drag , a pressure-activated switch turns on a miniature heater that emits fake smoke . They 're said to be less addictive than regular smokes , and more importantly , cheaper .
We 've previously discussed some of the hurdles e-cigs face : regulation , flavor , general coolness .
Citi does not discount those , but says they wo n't stand in the way of the product becoming a $ 3 billion market segment .
Here 's their forecast in chart form :
Citi
Citi tobacco analysts Adam Spielman and Vivien Azer note that the big players are scrambling to get a piece of the action :
E-cigarettes have become an increasing focus for investors , especially in the U.S. , given 1 ) the relative absence of innovation seen in the tobacco industry , and 2 ) the product 's increased visibility since Lorillard 's acquisition of blue eCigs in April 2012 . Indeed , while still a small contributor to Lorillard 's sales and profits , ( 1.3 % of sales and 0.1 % of profits in FY12 ) with the company opting to offer specific financial disclosure of this business it will continue to garner increased investor
Further , we expect this will become an increasing focus for global investors , as Reynolds American has introduced their own e-cigarette brand , Vuse , into test markets in the U.S. and we expect they will be rolling out this product into the broader market in the near future .
Looks like a lot of people are gon na be coughing it up for this product .
( CNN ) The fate of dozens of chimpanzees used in American biomedical experiments is up in the air after resources for their care and feeding were withdrawn this year .
The New York Blood Center , in partnership with the Liberian government , funded hepatitis research and other medical studies at the Liberian Institute for Biomedical Research beginning in 1974 .
When the blood center decided 10 years ago to discontinue chimp research at the Vilab II facilities near Monrovia , it continued to pay for upkeep of the primates , which were set free to roam on several nearby islands .
In January , the blood center gave the institute notice that it would no longer pay to care for the animals , and in March , the organization pulled funding , which sent the institute scrambling for resources to keep feeding them .
`` NYBC 's support of the chimpanzees was entirely voluntary , offered on a philanthropic basis to permit discussions regarding Liberia 's need to fulfill their responsibilities until the Government of Liberia could take over , '' the center said in a statement on its website . `` The Government of Liberia and animal rights organizations knew all along that our support was voluntary and could not continue . ''
Not so , say animal rights groups and the head of the Liberian Institute for Biomedical Research , who contend that the blood center has reneged on its obligation to care for the animals throughout their lives . The animals are being `` left to die from starvation in retirement , '' Fatorma Bolay , who runs the research institute , told Front Page Africa Online
`` It is appalling that the New York Blood Center is trying to wipe its hands of any responsibility for this colony of chimpanzees that they created and used for their own profit , '' Kathleen Conlee , vice president of animal research issues at the Humane Society of the United States , said in a statement
The animals would never have been used by the Liberian facility in testing if not for the funding and partnership of the blood center , Conlee told CNN .
The center , which declined to comment on the situation beyond pointing to statements on its website , is in arbitration with the Liberian government over care of the chimpanzees .
While the center claims it tried to no avail to work with the Liberian government and animal rights groups to generate a new funding source for the chimps , the Humane Society says the blood center will not respond to its recent efforts to partner up .
The Humane Society is now collaborating with the Liberian Institute for Biomedical Research to care for the animals .
The 64 chimps , who can not swim , are confined to several mangrove islands in the Farmington River that lack appropriate natural food resources . Vice magazine filmed a 2014 documentary on the chimpanzees and the Vilab II project in the area , which locals call `` Monkey Island . ''
Some of the animals were caught in the wild to be used for medical testing , while others were purchased after being kept as pets . Having spent most of their lives in captivity , the chimps are not suitable to live in the wild and will need care and feeding for years to come .
Private donors and animal protection groups have stepped in to fill the gap after New York Blood Center funding dried up .
The Humane Society started a Go Fund Me campaign with a $ 150,000 goal , which has been surpassed , as a stopgap to feed the animals temporarily in hopes that the blood center would eventually resume support . But that has n't happened , and the Humane Society is making plans to further care for the animals .
The organization is sending a team to the area in three weeks , Conlee said , to outline a plan to make the islands into a real sanctuary for the chimpanzees , complete with reliable food and water sources and shelter . Workers would also like access to the animals for medical care , which is n't possible with the current setup . Two of the chimps have died recently , she said .
More funds are are crucial to the effort .
The blood center has been the target of ire from animal advocates and those who believe that after it profited from the chimps , the organization should see to their care until they die . Legendary primatologist Jane Goodall has added her voice to the chorus of calls for the center to continue its support of the animals .
Change.org petition demanding that the New York Blood Center resume caring for the animals is approaching 200,000 signatures . The Humane Society started a `` Save the Abandoned Chimps '' Facebook page , which has nearly 10,000 followers .
The center says it never promised to care for the chimps in perpetuity , despite unauthorized statements to the contrary by a former center official ( PDF ) . The group puts the onus on the Liberian government .
`` NYBC does not own the animals in question , and never did , '' the blood center says on its website . `` The animals are owned by the Liberian government , and their officials have repeatedly acknowledged that they have responsibility for the care of the chimpanzees . ''
Current efforts to care for the animals require a team of 25 who make daily trips to the island with nearly 500 pounds of food , at a cost of $ 20,000 per month , according to the Humane Society .
The chimps ' diet consists of bananas , potato leaves , sweet potatoes , plantains , coconuts , palm nuts and other fruits and vegetables , in addition to rice balls fortified with powdered milk .
The lack of potable water on the island is a real problem , Conlee said , and caretakers must ferry water as well as food . Water systems connected to five of six tanks that workers fill with clean water were n't functioning and needed to be repaired when the Humane Society arrived .
The animals , who have names like Samantha , Mabel , Bullet , Joyce , Stewart , Duno , Hellen , Ellie , Annie and Teta , according to a BBC report , have become close to their caretakers .
Conlee praised workers like Joseph Thomas , who has looked after the animals for 36 years and continued to do so on a volunteer basis after the blood center pulled its support . The Humane Society is trying to make sure workers are compensated .
`` They are committed to and excited about this phase of providing the animals with better care , '' Conlee said .
The jury in New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez 's trial said for a second time Thursday that they are deadlocked on the counts of the indictment , prompting U.S. District Judge William Walls to declare a mistrial .
“ We can not reach a unanimous decision , ” a note from the jurors read . “ Nor are we willing to move away from our strong convictions. ” One juror told reporters the jury was deadlocked 10-2 , with 10 favoring acquittal .
The mistrial is a temporary victory for the embattled Democrat . Federal prosecutors will now decide whether to bring another case against him .
The panel first indicated Monday afternoon that they were struggling to reach a verdict , but U.S. District Judge William Walls instructed the jury to keep deliberating .
Judges often give deadlocked juries an instruction called an “ Allen charge , ” sometimes referred to as a “ hammer charge. ” The instruction reminds jurors of the time , effort , and resources expended over the course of the prosecution , and asks jurors in the minority to reconsider the reasonableness of their positions . The jury then retires to resume deliberations . Walls declined to pursue that course on the advice of the jury , which has been deliberating for over a week .
“ Based upon what has been so clearly and definitively written , that would be a futile exercise , ” Walls replied when prosecutors asked him to order further deliberations .
The mistrial is a major defeat for the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , which has struggled to bring successful corruption prosecutions in recent years . Matthew Miller , a former DOJ spokesman , noted prosecutors have not secured a major political corruption conviction since 2008 , when GOP Sen. Ted Stevens of Alaska was convicted of making false statements .
Recent Supreme Court decisions have narrowed the scope of corruption laws . The justices established in a 2016 case , McDonnell v. U.S. , that public officials only violate anti-corruption laws when they accept gifts , payments , or benefits in exchange for a specific and official act . That sort of specific , quid-pro-quo corruption is often difficult to prove . Prosecutors in the Menendez case put forward a “ stream of benefits ” theory of the law , arguing that a donor essentially had the senator on retainer , by making gifts and privileges available to Menendez on the understanding he would provide assistance as needed at some point in the future .
After days of deliberations , the jury appeared to reject that theory , leaving federal prosecutors searching for a proposition on which to advance future corruption prosecutions .
A defiant Menendez spoke to reporters after Walls declared the mistrial , and vowed to take revenge on New Jersey politicos who jockeyed to succeed him in the Senate .
“ To those of you who were digging my political grave so you could jump into my seat , I know who you are and I wo n't forget you , ” he said .
Menendez faced 18 charges including bribery , honest services fraud , conspiracy , interstate travel to carry out bribery and making false statements on federally-mandated financial disclosures forms .
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Send tips to kevin @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Hello Everyone !
Yes ! It is true , we will be having a League of Legends Nocturne cosplay along with Shyvana , Riven , Annie , Katarina , and Akali ! I convinced my friend to cosplay Nocturne instead of Fiddlesticks . In my opinion Nocturne is more feasible than Fiddlesticks , even though both are physically impossible to have a perfect cosplay . I thought Nocturne would be more unique , so hopefully it turns out . I only agreed to help him in building it if I could post it on GGG , so here it is !
Click here for Nocturne Final Cosplay result !
Here is the splash page :
Here is the main structure of the knives and shoulders . Obviously things are not perfect because the human body is n't exactly like Nocturnes . At first I thought the upper body would be fine , but then I realized Nocturne 's head is a lot lower than a human . He 's kind of a hunchback , so we had to make adjustments :
Here are the cuffs . The “ T ” shape you see is a support system so that it does n't turn on the wrists . We will most likely cover it with the fabric made claw . The hand will be inside the fake hand which will hold the knives up . The three knife layers are separated by two small stacks of foam board .
Here is the structure being spray foamed . We will cut the shape , paper mache and then Fast Mache it .
That is all we have ! Believe it or not , we will try to finish this for Anime North ( 2 weeks ) ! We will probably make the body out of fabric , maybe chiffon of the bottom to make it flow . It will be hard to pull off , but we can only try . It might not be as the same quality as the others but we 'll see !
May 22nd Upate ( Added photo ) :
Nocturne Final Cosplay result !
Shyvana Cosplay Update :
Sorry I was n't able to update my Shyvana Cosplay , I had to apply another layer of Fast Mache to all my pieces . I was also helping with the Nocturne cosplay . I bought the paints and did a test run , It looks okay . I 'm trying to improve the look of the armor , hopefully it will be better than okay .
Please click here for Shyvana Final Update
Stay Tuned = ) .
Advertisements
Milo Yiannopoulos sings `` America the Beautiful '' to cheers and Nazi salutes . Buzzfeed News A trove of documents and excerpts from conversations within Breitbart News , the far-right website led by President Donald Trump 's former top strategist , Steve Bannon , shows seemingly deep ties to modern Nazi figures in the US .
Uncovered by BuzzFeed News ' Joseph Bernstein , a series of communications and leaks as well as a video establish how the website 's former tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos often trafficked with ideological extremists on the right to fight a culture war under Bannon 's instructions , in one email , to `` go help save western civilization . ''
Though Yiannopoulos often defends his work as being satirical provocations designed to counter what he considers liberal-dominated college campuses across the US , BuzzFeed 's report uncovered damning ties between Yiannopoulos and Nazism .
For example , BuzzFeed found that some of Yiannopoulos ' passwords to private accounts included references to Kristallnacht and the Night of the Long Knives , two violent episodes against Jews and perceived opponents of Nazi Germany that precipitated the Holocaust .
Yiannopoulos himself identifies as gay and Jewish and denied being a racist to BuzzFeed .
Also in the report , BuzzFeed published a video of Yiannopoulos singing an overblown version of `` America the Beautiful '' as the white supremacist Richard Spencer and other so-called alt-right figures gave Nazi salutes .
Watch the video below , and read the full report at BuzzFeed here .
Parents are upset over the lack of communication leading up to the Archdiocese ' announcement to merge six Catholic schools on the Northwest Side . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Mauricio Pena
CHICAGO — The Archdiocese of Chicago has extended the deadline for the schools offered the opportunity to participate in the regional school merger on the Northwest Side .
The Archdiocese has given the six schools until Feb. 20 to make a decision on whether to participate on the school merger , said Michelle Adamowski , an archdiocesan spokeswoman .
In January , the Archdiocese invited six Northwest side elementary and junior high schools to participate in the consolidation . Each school was given until Feb. 13 to make a decision on whether they would participate in the merger , which is set to take place for the 2016-2017 school year .
The schools invited to be part of the merger is : St. Constance , 5841 W. Strong St. ; St. Cornelius , 5252 N. Long Ave. ; Our Lady of Victory , 4434 N. Laramie Ave. ; St. Pascal , 6143 W. Irving Park Road ; St. Tarcissus , 6040 W. Ardmore Ave. ; and St. Thecla , 6323 N. Newcastle Ave .
Adamowski did not say why the deadline was extended .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
In Louisiana folklore , the Honey Island Swamp monster is a fictitious creature said to have been seen in Honey Island Swamp since 1963 .
Description [ edit ]
The creature is described as bipedal , 7 feet ( 2 m ) tall , with gray hair and yellow or red eyes , and accompanied by a disgusting smell . [ citation needed ] Footprints supposedly left by the creature have three webbed toes , according to local myth .
Sightings [ edit ]
The first claimed sighting was in 1963 by Harlan Ford , a retired air traffic controller who had taken up wildlife photography . After his death in 1980 , a reel of Super 8 film showing the creature was allegedly found among his belongings . [ citation needed ]
In 1974 , the monster gained national fame after Ford and his friend Billy Mills claimed to have found unusual footprints in the area , as well as the body of a wild boar whose throat had been gashed . [ citation needed ] Ford continued to hunt for the creature for the next six years . [ citation needed ]
Criticism [ edit ]
The idea of a large , ape-like creature in the area is not without its critics , notably the local ecologist Paul Wagner who , with his wife Sue , run nature tours in the area . Neither they nor their Cajun guide , Robbie Charbonnet , have seen any evidence for it . [ 1 ]
Folklore [ edit ]
A legend tells of a train wreck in the area in the early 20th century . According to the legend , a traveling circus was on the train , and from it a group of chimpanzees escaped and interbred with the local alligator population . [ citation needed ]
Popular culture [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
You met a hottie in the park or some cutie during your lunch break . You got their number , but now what ? Many people , men and women alike , are always searching for first date ideas . Beyond your standard drinks or dinner and a movie suggestion , the date creativity runs out pretty quickly . But have no fear , I am going to give you five reasons ( some are scientific ! ) why doing a fitness activity as your first date is a great idea .
1 . Common Interest- If you both are into fitness , then this date idea is a no brainer . If you guys both talk about how you love fitness or want to try the new yoga studio down the street , go ahead and make a move ! You already have something to bond over so suggest a post class coffee at a nearby coffee shop to keep the date and endorphins going .
2 . Adrenaline Increases Attraction- Speaking of bonding , did you know that if you encounter adrenaline and anxiety together , you will see the person you are with as more sexually attractive ? In a 2011 study from McKendree University , researchers found that after just 15 minutes of physical activity , there was an increase of attraction levels between members of the opposite sex . Let science work for you and become more attractive to your date instantly !
Protestatarii țin un banner pe care scrie , simplu , „ DEMISIA ” ( Fotografie de Plamen Stantchev )
Cele mai ambițioase știri revoluționare de săptămâna aceasta vin din Bulgaria , unde o grămadă de studenți au ocupat universitățile și cer „ demisia în masă a guvernului actual ” . Pare o pretenție destul de mare – nu prea demisionează guvernele din cauză că le cer asta niște studenți supărați – dar protestele împotriva guvernului au rezistat continuu din vara care tocmai a trecut . Rata de susținere a guvernului e în continuă scădere și a ajuns la recordul de 12 procente , deci e evident că nu prea îi mai iubește nimeni pe cei de la putere .
Protestele au început pe 14 iunie , după ce magnatul media Delyan Peevski a fost numit directorul agenției naționale de securitate din Bulgaria . Prim ministrul Plamen Oresharski a spus că , în ciuda totalei lipse de experiență , Peevski – care deține 80 % din media bulgară – e candidatul perfect pentru stoparea crimei organizate și a contrabandei din țară . Președintele Rosen Plevneliev nu a fost de acord și a afirmat că numirea în funcție a lui Peevski i-a afectat credibilitatea prim ministrului .
Scandalul nu s-a oprit aici și , după ce mii de oameni au ieșit în stradă să-l acuze de nepotism , Peevski a renunțat la funcție după doar o zi , pe 15 iunie . Dar asta n-a reușit să stingă protestele – bulgarii nu erau mulțumiți de cum e condusă țara de multă vreme , iar decizia lui Oresharski a fost catalizatorul de care aveau nevoie pentru a-și exprima nemulțumirea .
O studentă vorbește la telefon în clădirea ocupată a universității ( Foto de Konstantin Pavlov )
După câteva luni de demonstrații , numărul participanților la marșuri a început să scadă și până la urmă studenții au rămas singurii în luptă . Ocuparea universităților de către studenți a stârnit un nou val de nemulțumiri direcționate împotriva guvernului . Noi statistici emise săptămâna aceasta arată că 60 de procente din publicul bulgar susțin ocupările , iar vinerea trecută două mii de oameni au marșat în sofia pentru a acuza guvernul de legături cu „ companii de afaceri suspecte ” .
De la căderea comunismului în 1989 , peisajul politic din Bulgaria a fost organizat foarte prost – sistemul de partide a fost mereu instabil . Maarten Vonk , profesor și rezident din Sofia spune că din cauza acestei instabilități , guvernul și-a permis să devină corupt : „ Nu au niciun mandat real și sunt susținuți de partidul fascist Ataka ” , mi-a spus el . Ataka ( sau „ Atac ” , un nume foarte potrivit pentru un partid politic ) e un partid ultra-naționalist popular ( a ieșit pe locul patru la ultimele alegeri ) despre care se spune că e anti-semit , rasist , anti-romi și islamofob . În principiu , nu le place nicio persoană care nu are pielea albă și nu e de naționalitate bulgară . Deci e ușor de înțeles că , dacă guvernul are legături cu ei , e în interesul publicului să-i doboare de la conducere .
Poliția le blochează protestatarilor accesul în Parlament ( Fotografie de Plamen Stantchev )
Prim ministrul i-a numit pe protestatari golani , dar Maarten mi-a spus : „ Bineînțeles , e exact opusul – oamenii ăștia sunt cea mai educată parte a populației , sunt singura speranță a țării. ” Apoi mi-a explicat cum potențialul eșec al mișcării ar afecta foarte negativ Bulgaria : „ Dacă oamenii ăștia nu răzbat , vom pierde multe valori intelectuale începând din ianuarie. ” Se referă , evident , la faptul că populația tânără și educată din Bulgaria va pleca în Marea Britanie și alte state UE atunci când acestea își vor deschide porțile pentru cetățenii bulgari și români în prima zi a anului 2014 .
În acord cu el , un protestatar – Konstantin Pavlov – a spus : „ Guvernul nu va reacționa în niciun fel la aceste acte de nesupunere civică . Tinerii educați , de cele mai multe ori profesioniști care nu văd nicio schimbare și nu-și pot găsi joburi decente , vor pleca din țară dacă guvernul nu își dă demisia în curând . ”
Cu un salariu mediu de 300 până la 400 de euro pe lună , mulți tineri deja se gândesc cu speranță la plecare . Maarten predă olandeza și nu poate vorbi în numele tuturor studenților lui , dar spune că majoritatea „ vor pleca în Olanda și în Belgia , indiferente de rezultatul protestului . Vor să facă ceva cu viața lor – cu viitorul lor . Dacă țara asta nu le dă nicio șansă , vor pleca din ea cu inimile frânte . ”
Protestatarii țin un banner pe care scrie : „ Vreau să am o viață normală ” ( Fotografie de Plamen Stantchev )
Deci se pare că oamenii care au înființat petiția Daily Express pentru a „ spune NU noilor imigranți din UE ” n-ar trebui sătremure deocamdată de teama unui flux brusc de est-europeni care să invadeze Marea Baritanie . Ar trebui să ne facem griji , mai degrabă , pentru Bulgaria – care , ca și Irlanda , va pierde o mare parte din generația tânără și educată .
În orice caz , prim ministrul Oresharski nu pare să fie deranjat de posibilitatea de a pierde viitoarele minți strălucite ale țării și a declarat că protestele sunt o farsă . „ Mă așteptam la un alt tip de protest din partea studenților – unul profesionist , un protest pentru educație ” , a spus el . „ Educația nu e deloc în formă , iar ei au cerințe politice tipice. ” E ciudat să admiți așa ceva când deja peste 60 de procente din populația țării îți cere demisia .
Nikolay Dyulgerov , student în Sofia , a spus că guvernul , după cum era de așteptat , „ nu are nicio intenție de a-și da demisia. ” Mi-a maispus că singura acțiune directă pe care a văzut-o a fost atunci când „ un membru al partidului aflat la conducere a venit la universitatea noastră cu un grup de 20 sau 30 de huligani care au atacat clădirea universității . ”
Când l-am întrebat pe Maarten dacă e de părere că protestul va avea succes , mi-a răspuns : „ După primele zece zile , am crezut că vor învinge ; după 100 de zile mi s-a părut că va fi imposibil . Acum că am intrat în a 150-a zi de proteste , cred că nu există nicio altă opțiune . ”
Oricare ar fi rezultatul , demonstrațiile sigur vor face valuri în toată Uniunea Europeană la anul . Chiar dacă pe 1 ianuarie nu pleacă din Bulgaria toată populația tânără și deșteaptă , protestele prelungite care nu par să se apropie vreodată de un sfârșit nu sunt niciodată sănătoase pentru bunăstarea unei țări .
Urmăriți-l pe Tristan pe Twitter : @ tristanjamesme
Traducere : Oana Maria Zaharia
Citește și :
Sfaturi de urmat dacă te duci în Bulgaria
Procurorii profesori ar fi mai varză decât elevii care n-au luat bacul
Învăţământul universitar a ajuns sub coada vacii
Many of us once dreamed of becoming astronauts . But faced with the prospect of attaining an advanced aeronautics degree , enduring g-force training , and , um , drinking recycled urine , most of us opted for more mundane careers .
There is one activity , however , that Earthbound Americans can do just like the space jockeys : vote . NASA astronauts E. Michael Fincke and Gregory Chamitoff broadcast a video message today from the International Space Station ( ISS ) encouraging all U.S. citizens to vote in the November 4 election and vowing to do the same from the ISS , more than 200 miles ( 320 kilometers ) above the nearest polling place .
“ We 're exercising our Constitutional right and privilege in casting our ballot this Election Day , ” Fincke said . “ Voting is the most important statement Americans can make. ” Fincke and Chamitoff will benefit from a Texas measure signed into law in 1997 by then Gov . George W. Bush that permits voters registered in the state to cast ballots from space .
Votes are beamed from the ISS on a secure electronic ballot and are forwarded to Texas elections officials for processing . ( In at least one county , the votes are then transferred to a paper ballot on election night and commingled with ordinary voters ' ballots by elections officials , according to a National Public Radio report . )
The extraordinary efforts required to process two space-borne ballots highlight the importance of exercising a privilege that many Americans take for granted . If astronauts can make time to vote as they careen through space at roughly five miles per second , surely Earthlings can slog to their local polling places on Election Day . In other words , as Fincke and Chamitoff so succinctly put it in signing off , “ If we can do it , so can you ! ”
Photograph of E. Michael Fincke courtesy of NASA
Carriers frequently offer trade-in deals to upgrade your smartphone , but Verizon is looking to extend that offer to some popular accessories by offering a pretty sweet trade-in deal on select products .
Running until the end of April , you can get a $ 30 Visa prepaid card when you spend over $ 149.99 on a new smart thermostat , fitness tracker , or speakers and recycle your old gear . With summer just around the corner , it 's the perfect time to upgrade your old thermostat to the latest Nest Thermostat or trade up your Fitbit to the latest Charge 2 model .
If you 're interested in snagging some new speakers for the summer , bring down that old Bluetooth speaker and upgrade to the UE BOOM 2 . The UE Boom 2 is one of the best portable Bluetooth speakers you can buy and , conveniently enough , Verizon has them on sale for $ 149.99 — 25 % off the regular price .
Once you 've completed your trade-in , you 'll need to head to Verizon 's Promotion Center and use the promo code RECYCLE along with receipt info and UPC barcodes to read the full terms and conditions and submit your form to complete the deal . You can trade in multiple devices at one time , but trades must be like for like ; your old fitness tracker for a new fitness tracker , your old school thermostat for a new smart thermostat , etc .
Will you be using this deal to upgrade your accessories ? Let us know in the comments !
GosuGamers Awards 2010 : Korean Player of the Year
Vote for the player who , in your opinion , was the Korean of the year 2010 . The voting will end on January the 14th , and the winner will be presented shortly thereafter .
MC
FruitDealer
Tester
NesTea
MarineKing
Genius
SlayerS_BoxeR
Mvp
Maka
RainBOw
The nominees have been carefully chosen by the GosuCrew . We look forward to hearing your favorites for this award ! Thanks for keeping it respectful in the comment section below .
MC must be considered one of the favorites to win this award . His impressive and consistent play won him a GSL title in December and has seen him qualify for every GSL 2010 tournament , an uncommon feat . His charisma has won him fans : his HuK sweatshirt , his ostentatious celebrations and his rare but exciting use of English has endeared him to thousands of Western fans . He enters 2011 as one of the best players in the world and a threat to anyone he faces.FruitDealer has a legion of fans . Talk about hero credentials : his name comes from his time running his family 's fruit stand when his father was ill . He won the first GSL season as Zerg at a time when Zerg was viewed as the overwhelming underdog and went into each round with the least representation among all races . In the second GSL he fell to MarineKing , a strong opponent , and in the third GSL he advanced all the way to the quarterfinals . He is one of the most consistent players in Korea and one of the most well-loved.From the beginning , Tester was a force to be reckoned with . His beta play was strong and he won a rash of tournaments in Korea and outside of it . When the game was released in July , Tester was considered a favorite to win GSL 's and take the game to new heights . In season one , he advanced to the round of eight before falling to Rainbow . However , from there , he never seemed to live up to the hype . He did not qualify for the next two GSL 's . Although he did perform quite well in an all-star invite tournament where he defeated Genius and Nada , as of now he is massive potential yet unfulfilled.NesTea began his StarCraft 2 career with a whimper , exiting the first GSL in the first round . However , the second GSL saw him crowned a champion , sweeping through the tournament and not losing a single game until the back and forth final match with the Terran MarineKing . He cemented his position in the top tier with a stellar showing in the third GSL , advancing to the quarterfinals where he lost to the villain Terran Rain . He enters 2011 as a frightening player , likely to take out any who stand in his way.MarineKing , the Terran who presumed to initially name himself BoxeR after The Emperor himself , is our next nominee . One needs to look no further than his name to see this player 's impact : he used Marine 's well , better than almost anyone in the professional circuit and his skill came within a single game of winning the second GSL before NesTea was crowned champion . In the next GSL , MarineKing advanced to the quarterfinals before being eliminated by an ascendant and unbeatable MC . His aggressive and successful style has earned him one of the most solid reputations in the game.Genius is another player who excites fans with his solid play , whose potential is widely talked about but has yet to be realized . He did win Blizzcon 2010 but the tournament only had one other Korean , Maka . His GSL high point came in season two when he reached the quarterfinals before being eliminated by Rainbow , making him the single most successful Protoss player of the season . However , the next season saw him eliminated in the second round by an ascendant Rain , leaving many to wonder when if ever the smart Protoss would make a worthy mark on the GSL . 2011 is his chance.The Emperor himself , the single biggest star in e-sports history , is our next nominee . His switch alone meant StarCraft 2 gained a few fans , people waiting to see if BoxeR would succeed at another game . He immediately rewarded his fans by advancing all the way to the semifinals of the second GSL , his first major StarCraft 2 tournament . His creativity and ingenuity was on display at once . He fell in the second round of the third GSL , thus leaving his mob of fans waiting a bit more before seeing his next master stroke.MVP is a strong Terran whose GSL finishes ( ro32 in GSL2 , ro16 in GSL3 ) and excellent ladder play ( the world 's first 3,000 rating ) have led him to this group . He is an accomplished Brood War player as well , having qualified for numerous Starleagues , making him the most recently top tier player to make the switch to StarCraft 2.Maka , formerly a Warcraft 3 player , is another player saddled with great expectations . This time , the player did not falter entirely on a large stage : He has gone far in the GSL twice , reaching the quarterfinals ( GSL1 ) and the round of 16 ( GSL3 ) . He has influenced popular play by popularizing forward Barracks ( Maka rax ) to aid aggression but not commit entirely to an all-in push . He enters 2011 with large questions and larger hopes.One of the most consistent and feared played in StarCraft 2 , Rainbow comes from a very impressive Brood War background . He opened his StarCraft career with two fantastic finishes : a final in season one and a semifinal following that . Although he was eliminated in the first round during GSL3 , he enters 2011 as the highest ranked Terran in the GSL and one of the most respected players in the world .
The script is deferential ; indeed , it could be viewed as Mr. Gorbachev 's ultimate fantasy . He arrives by limousine at a Pizza Hut and some patrons notice him . An older man grumbles , `` Because of him , we have economic confusion . '' A younger man disagrees , saying , `` Because of him we have opportunity . '' Patrons continue to argue , until an older woman pipes up , `` Because of him we have things like Pizza Hut . '' The patrons , pizza slices aloft , rise and give a standing ovation to their former leader .
Mr. Gorbachev responds with a dignified smile . He does not actually eat a slice of pizza , but sips coffee as he watches his granddaughter dig in happily .
Though the ad was shot in Moscow last Thursday , there are no plans to broadcast it in Russia . Esteemed in the West as the statesman who ended the cold war , Mr. Gorbachev is extremely unpopular in Russia , where he is blamed for allowing the Soviet Union to fall apart and for not having pushed reform of the command economy far enough . When he ran for the presidency last year -- his first campaign for public office -- he won less than 1 percent of the vote . To put it another way , Mr. Gorbachev 's endorsement of Pizza Hut could well cause sales in Moscow to drop dramatically .
'' Here in Russia , it will be understood one way , '' Mr. Gorbachev said of the advertisement , which has already been ridiculed in the Russian press . '' In other places , it is nothing unusual . I see my colleagues , former presidents , and your Presidents , too , taking part in campaigns . ''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Actually , Mr. Gorbachev may be breaking new ground for statesmen . Margaret Thatcher and Helmut Kohl have never made commercials . Even in America , where celebrity endorsements are part of the cultural fabric , no former President has taken quite so bold a step . In 1996 , George Bush made an unpaid commercial for the Houston Astros , the baseball team , as a favor to its owner , Drayton McLane . His Vice President , Dan Quayle , did a commercial in 1994 for Frito-Lay potato chips and was paid $ 50,000 .
Gerald R. Ford serves on many corporate boards for substantial compensation , but has not made product endorsements . Mostly , those kinds of ads have been picked up by Presidential or Vice-Presidential also-rans , from Bob Dole , who endorsed Dunkin ' Donuts and Visa , to Geraldine Ferraro , who made an advertisement in 1984 for Diet Pepsi .
Since leaving the Kremlin , Mr. Gorbachev has marketed himself as a newspaper columnist , memoirist and highly paid speaker and made a cameo appearance in a Wim Wenders art film , improvising a soliloquy on Dostoyevsky .
Mr. Gorbachev has already made an ad for Apple computers in Germany , but said that by starring in the Pizza Hut commercial he was taking a step he had previously considered `` unsuitable '' for someone of his standing . He complained that the Russian President , Boris N. Yeltsin , had stripped him of much of the office space he was allotted after he resigned from office on Dec. 25 , 1991 , and had deliberately thwarted his fund-raising efforts .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
'' I do n't get support from the state , '' he said . '' If you look at the foundations in Germany or France , the state finances them , they find sponsors . Here , we do n't have any of that . Sponsors can be found . There were some , but on the next day after meeting with me they were summoned to the presidential headquarters to fix their brains . ''
Executives at Pizza Hut seemed dismayed that Mr. Gorbachev had spoken about his coming cameo so soon , and would not disclose when the ad is expected to run or provide a still from the video . But one company executive explained Pizza Hut 's interest in attaching Mr. Gorbachev 's name to its pizza this way : `` We are constantly striving to take our advertising to a new edge . And we have a new commercial that the whole world will want to watch . ''
The commercial was created by the BBDO New York advertising agency , which is known for using celebrities in big-budget spots . Among the commercials from BBDO are a 1996 spot for Visa with Mr. Dole and a 1995 Doritos commercial with Mario M. Cuomo and Ann Richards .
Tata Motor 's acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover is one of the most discussed cases of a successful outbound acquisition by an Indian company .
Since the past few years , Jaguar Land Rover Plc ( JLR ) , the UK based subsidiary of Tata Motors has consistently been the major driving force behind the revenue and profits for the company and has helped the company to plug losses in the domestic business . The trend continues , with Tata Motors ' profit having tripled in this quarter of 2014 , on strong Jaguar , Land Rover sales .
Such splendid performance of the acquired company was almost unimaginable for many in 2008 .
Flashback to June 2008 . Tata Motors had acquired two iconic British brands – Jaguar and Land Rover ( JLR ) from the US-based Ford Motors for US $ 2.3 billion . This was the biggest buy-out in the automobile space by an Indian company . Ford Motors Company ( Ford ) had acquired Jaguar from British Leyland Limited in 1989 for US $ 5 billion . After operating it for losses for few years , in June 2007 , Ford had decided to divest the brands as a part of its restructuring strategy . Tata Motors was interested in acquiring JLR as it would reduce the company 's dependence on the Indian market and facilitate Tata Motor 's entry into the luxury segment . In addition to the US $ 2.3 billion it had spent on the acquisition , Tata Motors had to incur a huge capital expenditure as it planned to invest another US $ 1 billion in JLR .
JLR being a British powerhouse brand , people questioned how Britain could allow Jaguar to be sold first to Ford , and then to Tata . The deal was not very well perceived due to the Indian ownership and the fears of outsourcing of jobs , technology and the brand to India . Analysts feared that Tata had made a mistake . Morgan Stanley reported that JLR 's acquisition appeared negative for Tata Motors as it had increased the earnings volatility during the difficult economic conditions in the key markets of JLR including the US and Europe .
In 2012 . JLR , a business that was battling for survival three years ago , reported record annual sales and a 35 % increase in pre-tax profits to £1.5bn due to surging demand in China .
How did Tata Motors manage to achieve such a remarkable turnaround for JLR ?
To begin with , cash management and cost management were identified as the key priorities . A three-tier model was developed with the help of Roland Berger Strategy Consultants . First , a short-term goal to manage liquidity with the assistance of KPMG was put in place . A cash management system was built to manage cash on an hour to hour basis . Then came a mid-term target to contain costs at various levels and the formation of 10-11 cross-functional teams . A number of management changes , including new heads at JLR , were made and the workforce was reduced . Finally , a long-term goal that runs until 2014 was drawn up , focusing on new models and refreshing the existing ones .
Tata had also acquired the IP and skills from JLR that enabled them to locate a substantial part of production and supply chain in South Asia . This helped in bringing down the cost of production . Tata Motors divested stakes in group companies to raise cash . The proceeds were channelled for innovation and product development . A separate IT ecosystem was set up for JLR . JLR was always considered to be top end high-end luxury brand but Tata added new products like Evoque which made the brand image a bit soft and targeted towards urban people , while still keeping the luxury branding intact . This brand image change by Tata worked in favour of JLR , helping it not only to survive but also to become an international powerhouse once again .
Tata 's footprints in South East Asia helped JLR to diversify its geographic dependence from US and Western Europe . After the downturn of 2008-09 , JLR made its first operating profit in the quarter ending September , 2009 . The profits continued in 2010 , with an increase in Ebitda of 50 % q-o-q . In 2011 , JLR posted record annual profits of more than £1bn .
Given Tata Motor 's annual investment plans of £1.5 billion for JLR to impart the brand with a sustainable competitive advantage , analysts and investors are enthused to see how far Tata Motors will make the Jaguar leap .
Parasite in Cat Poop Could Help Cure Cancer
The most common cat borne disease in the world that can cause brain damage , eye damage and madness is being looked into as a promising anti-cancer vaccine .
Scientists believe a parasite called `` Toxoplasma gondii '' or `` T. gondii '' commonly found in cat shit could hold the key to a cancer vaccine .
Like Us on Facebook
Advertisement
Scientists estimate that up to a third of the world 's population has been exposed to and might be chronically infected with T. gondii . This parasite can cause a disease called `` toxoplasmosis '' that is marked by flu-like symptoms and muscle aches and pains .
Cats , specifically cat shit , are the primary source of T. gondii infection in humas . Having cat shit on their hands is a significant risk factor for humans .
Researchers of this study knew T. gondii has anti-cancer properties , a fact uncovered in other studies .
Dr. David Bzik , PhD and Dr. Barbara Fox of the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire , USA that led this latest study said that when T. gondii enters the human body , cells that fight cancer such as cytotoxic T cells are produced in response .
T cells or T lymphocytes are a type of lymphocyte or a type of white blood cell that play a central role in cell-mediated immunity .
The team said that although cancer can shut down the body 's immune system , T. gondii can help restart it . They created a mutant T. gondii parasite named `` cps '' that is unable to replicate . This makes `` cps '' a safe cancer vaccination .
The team created `` cps '' since they found it unsafe to inject live strains of the parasite into cancer patients , who already have weakened immune systems . T. gondii has to reproduce inside a human body in order to spread .
To explain how `` cps '' works , Dr. Bzik compared aggressive cancers to fast moving train wrecks . Dr. Bzik said `` cps '' is `` the microscopic , but super strong , hero that catches the wayward trains , halts their progression and shrinks them until they disappear . ''
On testing the `` cps vaccine '' on mice with aggressive melanoma and ovarian cancers , the mice showed significantly high survival rates .
Dr. Bzik says the cps vaccine stimulates `` amazingly effective immunotherapy against cancers , superior to anything seen before . ''
Researchers say the vaccine might even be tailored to each patient . They explained that before `` cps '' can be tested in humans , they need to better understand the mechanisms behind it .
So far , researchers point out that `` cps '' appears to hold `` incredible promise '' for new cancer treatments .
Advertisement
Advertisement
©2019 Chinatopix All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission
This was my first SS and it was not a great start . My original SS was a deadbeat , so that left a bad taste in my mouth . Luckily , I was rematched and SS # 2 NAILED it ! I received 2 awesome gifts from my second secret santa savior !
Elmo Icecube tray / jello mold . My little dude was THRILLED . He has no idea what it is but he loves him some Elmo . It was a big hit . Lots of jello in that mold 's future . Toilet light for him and her . Mainly just excited about the target for me . I 'm loving this thing ! Who knew peeing in the dark could be this much fun !
Thanks again to my rematched SS . They are a rockstar and restored my faith in this process enough that I 'm going to do it again next year .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans who control Congress face their first major budget test next week , with the threat of a U.S. government shutdown potentially hinging on his proposed Mexican border wall as well as Obamacare funding .
FILE PHOTO : U.S. President Donald Trump 's overview of the budget priorities for Fiscal Year 2018 are displayed at the U.S. Government Publishing Office ( GPO ) on its release by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) in Washington , U.S. on March 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
With Republicans controlling the White House and both chambers of Congress , keeping the federal government operating is a basic test of their ability to govern , but their task could become even more complicated if they insist on using the spending legislation to bring about contentious policy changes .
Not only must Republicans overcome intraparty ideological divisions that stopped major healthcare legislation last month , but they will have to win over some opposition Democrats with provisions that could be distasteful to conservatives .
With the Senate reconvening on Monday and the House of Representatives on Tuesday after a two-week recess , lawmakers will have only four days to pass a spending package to keep the government open beyond April 28 , when funding expires for numerous federal programs .
“ I think we want to keep the government open , ” Trump said on Thursday , adding he thinks Congress can pass the funding legislation and perhaps also a revamped healthcare bill .
Democratic support depends on what provisions Republicans demand in the bill . Democrats have signaled they would not cooperate if it contains money for one of Trump 's top priorities , a southwestern border wall intended to combat illegal immigration , or if it ends federal subsidies to help low-income people buy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , which Republicans want to repeal .
Democrats also want federal funds maintained for Planned Parenthood , which many Republicans oppose because the women 's healthcare provider performs abortions . Another obstacle would be if Trump demands large defense spending increases coupled with deep cuts to domestic programs Democrats want to protect .
BALANCING ACT
Late on Thursday , leading House Democrats were voicing skepticism a deal could be reached by the deadline . In a telephone call for House Democrats , Representative Nita Lowey , the senior Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee , said : “ I do n't see how we can meet that deadline ” and avoid having to pass a short-term extension , according to an aide on the call .
The second-ranking House Democrat , Representative Steny Hoyer , told his fellow Democrats that they should only support such a short-term measure if a deal on long-term bill is reached and only finishing touches remained , the aide said .
Republican leaders face a familiar balancing act : satisfying the party 's most conservative members while not alienating its moderates .
Rules in the 100-seat Senate mean Trump 's party also would need the support of at least eight Democrats even if the Republicans remain unified , giving the opposition party leverage . House Republican leaders would need some Democratic votes if the most conservative lawmakers object to the bill , as they did to the healthcare plan championed by Speaker Paul Ryan .
With congressional elections looming next year , Republicans acknowledge the stakes are high .
“ Even our most recalcitrant members understand that if you shut down the government while you 're running it and you control the House and the Senate , you ca n't blame anybody but yourself , ” said Representative Tom Cole , a senior House Appropriations Committee Republican .
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said the Trump administration was willing to talk to Democrats about funding for Obamacare subsidies in exchange for their agreement to include some Trump priorities such as the wall , the defense hike and more money for immigration enforcement .
“ It is ripe for some type of negotiated agreement that gives the president some of his priorities and Democrats some of their priorities . So we think we 've opened the door for that , ” Mulvaney said .
Democrats reacted negatively .
“ Everything had been moving smoothly until the administration moved in with a heavy hand . Not only are Democrats opposed to the wall , there is significant Republican opposition as well , ” said Matt House , a spokesman for Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer .
FURLOUGH ‘ LADY LIBERTY ? '
The government was last forced to close in October 2013 , when Republican Senator Ted Cruz and some of the most conservative House Republicans engineered a 17-day shutdown in an unsuccessful quest to kill Democratic former President Barack Obama 's healthcare law .
“ This kind of bills ca n't pass without a reasonable number of the party of the minority in the Senate , and we are optimistic we will be able to work all that out , ” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said at the start of the spring recess .
A deal is needed because Congress was unable to approve funding for the entire 2017 fiscal year that ends in September and has relied on stop-gap spending legislation .
Congress has passed no major legislation since Trump took office in January , and he has ambitious hopes for major tax-cut legislation , infrastructure spending and other bills .
With the difficulty passing a bill with so many divisive elements , lawmakers next week might need to buy time by passing a short-term bill lasting possibly one to three weeks , maintaining current spending levels .
FILE PHOTO : U.S. Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Director Mick Mulvaney ( R ) listens as U.S. President Donald Trump meets with members of the Republican Study Committee at the White House in Washington , U.S. on March 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
“ That would be a setback : not catastrophic , but not a good thing , and a sign that you ca n't govern , ” Cole said .
A federal closure would shutter National Park Service destinations like the Statue of Liberty , Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon . Government medical research would be suspended . Thousands of federal workers would be furloughed with thousands more working without pay until the shutdown ends , including homeland security personnel . Some veterans benefits could be suspended .
Time would stand still in the U.S. Capitol with nobody on duty to wind the 200-year-old “ Ohio Clock ” just outside the Senate chamber .
[ bitcoin-dev ] BIP proposal : Inhibiting a covert attack on the Bitcoin POW function
The public and media rarely agree , but is n't that what 's beautiful about college football ?
We have combed the SEC to look for five players the two ca n't agree upon for 2015 :
1 . Jeremy Johnson , QB , Auburn ( JR ) : Johnson enters the season as the biggest boom or bust prospect . He could boom in Gus Malzahn 's offense and become the second coming of Cam Newton , or he could fall short of the hype . The media thinks he 'll boom this year ; I think he 'll boom this year . The preseason expectations continue to soar for Johnson based off of , really , one SEC start , while the naysayers continue to point to his inexperience . Still , the offense is very conducive for quarterbacks to put up big numbers , and the Heisman odds reflect that . Johnson enters as the most polarizing player in the conference .
2 . Demarcus Robinson , WR , Florida ( JR ) : Crazily , Demarcus Robinson was left entirely off the media 's preseason teams , all three of them . How does that happen ? The media must be betting on the Gators ' passing game being weak and not getting Robinson the football . Robinson looks to be as talented as any receiver in the conference , but inconsistency has plagued him . Still , in Florida 's weak passing game , Robinson caught 53 passes for 810 yards and seven touchdowns last season . It 's easy to see that Robinson will be a major factor , but the media just ca n't see him being a top six receivers . I see him being a top three or four receivers . Robinson has one of the highest upsides of any pass catcher in the conference .
3 . Alex Collins , RB , Arkansas ( JR ) : Jonathan Williams gets the ink he 's deserved . Preseason magazines have tabbed Williams as a top five running back in the conference . Yet , his counterpart , Alex Collins , after back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons , rarely gets the hype that Williams does . In fact , Collins is the only SEC running back to put two 1,000-yard seasons together , and Arkansas is the only team in the country to return two 1,000-yard rushers . That 's an amazing accomplishment , and yet , we do n't hear too much about it . The masses remain divided on Collins and what kind of season he 'll deliver in 2015 .
4 . Maty Mauk , QB , Missouri ( JR ) : Is this the season Maty Mauk takes that step ? The numbers reflect a signal caller who is n't progressing as fast as hoped . However , the win total is encouraging , as Mauk is 14-4 as a starter , and he 's one of the few experienced starters returning who 's a proven winner . He completed just a little over 53 percent of his passes in 2014 while leading his team to a division championship . The talent is certainly there , but Mauk will have to cut down on the INTs ( threw 13 in '14 ) and become more consistent .
5 . Cam Sutton , CB , Tennessee ( JR ) : Cam Sutton is one of the best cover corners in college football , and he gets little respect outside of Knoxville and the SEC media . Most would point towards Sutton being the second best cornerback in the SEC behind Florida 's Vernon Hargreaves , but he was n't even included on the Jim Thorpe Award Watch List , which honors college football 's best defensive back . Three SEC players appeared on the watch list — Hargreaves , Ole Miss ' Tony Conner and Auburn 's Jonathan Jones , and the one obvious missing player was Sutton .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Greece heads to an early general election next month after parliament rejected Prime Minister Antonis Samaras 's nominee for president on Monday , throwing the country into a new period of political turmoil just as it emerges from economic crisis .
Greek 10-year bond yields surged to a 15-month high and stocks tumbled after former European Commissioner Stavros Dimas fell short of the 180 votes needed to become president in the decisive third round of voting , triggering the dissolution of parliament .
Samaras set Jan. 25 as the date for a parliamentary election .
Opinion polls point to a victory by the radical leftist Syriza party , which wants to wipe out a big part of the national debt , and cancel the austerity terms of a 240-billion euro ( $ 290 billion ) bailout from the European Union and International Monetary Fund that Greece still needs to pay its bills .
While most Greeks do not appear to want elections , the terms of the bailout agreed by the Samaras government have imposed harsh sacrifices on many people and the signs of improvement in their battered economy have yet to show through clearly .
If Syriza is elected , it would be the first time an anti-bailout party determined to overturn the austerity approach prescribed since the start of the euro zone crisis comes to power in Europe .
“ With the will of our people , in a few days bailouts tied to austerity will be a thing of the past , ” Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras said after the vote . “ The future has already begun . ”
A defeated samara , who gambled and lost by bringing forward the presidential vote by two months , urged Greeks to vote for stability and vowed not to let anyone put Greece 's place in Europe in question .
The result opens a new chapter of political uncertainty in the euro zone 's problem child just as it appeared to be putting the worst of a six-year economic crisis behind it . After nearly crashing out of the euro in 2012 , Greece this year returned to economic growth and ended a four-year exile from bond markets .
Syriza has held a steady lead in opinion polls for months , although its advantage over Samaras ' conservative New Democracy party has narrowed in recent weeks . Weakness among potential coalition partners on both sides could mean that whichever party wins in January will struggle to form a government .
Failure to put together a government could leave Greece once again precariously close to a financial crisis since Athens will be without an administration to wrap up a final bailout inspection due to unlock over 7 billion euros in aid .
Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras reacts in parliament during the last round of a presidential vote in Athens December 29 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
EU/IMF inspectors due to return to Athens in January will now resume discussions on concluding that review after a new government is in place , the IMF said , adding that Greece had no immediate funding needs .
Finance Minister Gikas Hardouvelis , who had been negotiating an early exit to the bailout program , said a new government would have to seek an extension to the bailout beyond its end in February . Although Athens had enough cash , it may have to issue more Treasury bills to cover funding needs in March , he said .
“ There will be difficulty in negotiations because we need to have a government , ” Hardouvelis said .
VOLATILE MARKETS
Underlining the potential volatility facing markets , the main Athens stock market index fell as much as 11 percent before paring losses while Greek bond yields jumped above 9 percent . The main banking stocks index fell over 11 percent before recovering .
“ The outcome of the final vote extends the political uncertainty for at least one month , ” said Theodore Krintas , head of wealth management at Attica Bank in Athens . “ One can not know if the result of early elections will be a viable government . ”
But unlike in 2012 , markets elsewhere in Europe were rattled only a little by the latest upheaval in Greece , in a sign of increasing confidence within the euro zone that any contagion will be limited and can be contained .
In a bid to reassure markets , Tsipras has sounded more moderate lately , promising to keep Greece in the euro and negotiate an end to the bailout agreement rather than scrap it unilaterally . But he has refused to budge on reversing austerity .
Hours after the vote , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble warned it would be “ difficult ” to help Greece if it veered off the path of reform and that any new government must stick to obligations signed up by the previous government .
On the streets of Athens , voters were worried that elections would put the sacrifices of the past two and half years at risk and threaten the country 's future .
Stella Alipranti , 39 , who runs a small tourism business , said she was disappointed and saw no advantage in an election .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
“ Things wo n't change just by changing the government because we have foreigners deciding for us , ” she said . “ Having elections every two years certainly does n't help the country . ”
( $ 1 = 0.8204 euros )
NEW ORLEANS - Three-time Pro Bowl linebacker Jonathan Vilma officially announced his retirement Sunday , and he was honored on the field by the New Orleans Saints before their game against the Carolina Panthers .
Vilma , who captained New Orleans ' defense to the Saints ' first Super Bowl victory in the 2009 season , has not played since 2013 .
Jonathan Vilma , who has n't played since 2013 , announced his official retirement Sunday . Stacy Revere/Getty Images
Vilma did not speak pregame , but he waved to the crowd , and highlights were shown on the video boards . Vilma led the traditional `` Who Dat '' chant before kickoff , which is usually led by an active player .
Vilma spent his first four seasons with the New York Jets as a first-round draft pick out of Miami ( Fla. ) .
`` I 'm excited to be retiring from my playing career as a member of the New Orleans Saints , '' Vilma said in a statement . `` I loved everything about being a Saint and was fortunate to be surrounded by so many outstanding coaches and teammates for six years and to be a part of the team that won Super Bowl XLIV . I would also like to thank our fans for making my playing career in New Orleans so memorable . I will never forget the amazing fans here and the experiences we shared together . ''
Vilma , 33 , was the Associated Press ' Defensive Rookie of the Year in 2004 . He made the Pro Bowl in 2005 with the Jets and in 2009 and 2010 with the Saints . He arrived in New Orleans in 2008 via trade and immediately became Drew Brees ' counterpart as the `` quarterback '' of the Saints ' defense .
Vilma was a central figure in the Saints ' bounty scandal in 2012 . He was originally suspended a full year , but he fought it through appeals and a defamation lawsuit against commissioner Roger Goodell . The suspension was ultimately vacated by former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue on appeal .
Vilma finished his career with 871 tackles , 10.5 sacks , 12 interceptions and 11 forced fumbles . His 10-year career was cut short by nagging knee injuries .
`` Jonathan Vilma is one of the most talented , dedicated and determined players that I have had the pleasure to coach , '' Saints coach Sean Payton said in a statement .
`` Jonathan is the epitome of what our team stands for , '' Saints general manager Mickey Loomis said in a statement . `` Jonathan has secured his place as one of the top players in our franchise 's history , and we congratulate him as he moves on from his playing career . ''
The Saints scored a defensive TD Sunday against the Panthers for the first time since 2012 . Rookie linebacker Stephone Anthony returned a fumble 31 yards for a score in the first quarter . The most recent Saints defensive touchdown was by Vilma in 2012 -- also at home against the Panthers .
“ Transparent ” is a much-celebrated comedy presented by Amazon Prime which centers around the always-brilliant Jeffrey Tambor as a man who identifies as a woman . The writing has been praised by LGBT groups as being sensitive , progressive and compassionate toward the “ trans experience ” in America .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=CluxHR9pkdQ
The trans-friendly attitude instituted by the creative team and producers for “ Transparent ” has recently manifest itself in a unisex toilet policy and according to TMZ , the crew is not very happy about it :
The beef is that men , women and transgenders can all enter as they please , making it uncomfortable for some of the crew . Women are particularly worried about walking in and seeing a dude peeing at the urinal . Now this is interesting … we 're told several crew members are too scared to complain , for fear they 'll be labeled “ transphobic , ” which would be the kiss of death on that set .
It 's interesting to ponder the clashing of progressive agendas that could ensue if the crew members take this issue up with their union . If “ Transparent ” is operating under a basic IATSE union contract it 's incumbent on the producers to provide suitable restroom facilities for all members of the crew . They also have to maintain a non-threatening and non-hostile work environment for female members of the crew .
Most “ non-hostile ” work environment rules and standards were set forth after the Clarence Thomas hearings in the early 1990 's brought the topic of spoken and unspoken sexual harassment to the desks of every CEO wanting to avoid a costly and embarrassing sexual harassment lawsuit .
So , the way I see it , I already count four different constituencies of the progressive left all competing in this cramped unisex port-a-potty and the producers of “ Transparent ” are going to have to decide who wins .
You 've got the LGBT community which demands everyone share bathroom facilities regardless of their plumbing
You 've got big labor looking to enforce their CBA against the greedy and oppressive Amazon 's desire to create a hostile work environment
You 've got feminists who will feel micro- ( and in some cases macro- ) aggressions by having to share a bathroom with a man and his evil phallus
You 've got trial lawyers who are just itching to bring a hostile work environment lawsuit against deep-pocketed Amazon
Who wins ?
According to Variety , the athlete formerly known as Bruce Jenner is set to appear on the next season of “ Transparent ” so let 's hope they have this awkward bathroom situation taken care of before then .
MORGAN COUNTY , Ind . -- Police are waiting for accident reconstruction results and autopsies before determining what caused a crash that killed four teenagers Wednesday night near Waverly .
The crash happened around 7 p.m. near the intersection of State Road 37 and Big Bend Road .
Indiana State Police said a Ford Taurus traveling northbound on State Road 37 crossed over the median for an unknown reason and struck a southbound Honda Odyssey .
Four teenagers inside the Taurus were killed . They were all from Brownsburg :
Mathew Chambers , 17
Lucas Kenworthy , 18
Noah Tex , 17
Riley Hurst , 17
The fifth person in the Taurus , who was taken to Methodist Hospital , was identified as Ryan Rickenbacker , 22 , of Brownsburg .
Two adults and two children -- aged 10 and 7 -- inside the Odyssey were also taken to the hospital .
The adults are identified as :
David Rose , 46 , of Bloomington
Kristy Hallback-Rose , 44 , of Bloomington
Police say the four killed were not wearing seatbelts . All occupants in the Odyssey , as well as Rickenbacker , were wearing a seatbelt .
Brownsburg Community School Corporation released a statement saying , `` We send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the families of these students . ''
Despite school being out for the holidays , counselors were on hand at the high school on Thursday to help students through this difficult time .
People in Brownsburg tell us they are organizing a vigil for the teens who were killed at 7:00 p.m. Sunday in the high school band lot .
-- -
Download the new and improved RTV6 app to get the latest news on the go and receive alerts to your phone
Sign up to have the latest news headlines delivered straight to your email inbox
This morning , NPR 's ( National Public Radio 's ) Weekend edition aired two intriguing stories sharing one strong common thread . First , “ CIA Tracks Public Information For The Private Eye “ –a look inside the CIA 's Open Source Center :
Secrets : the currency of spies around the world . The rise of social media , hash-tags , forums , blogs and online news sites has revealed a new kind of secret , those hiding in plain sight . The CIA calls all this information “ open source ” material , and it 's changing the way America 's top spy agency does business .
While you must listen to or read the full story to fully appreciate it , its gist is that this featured department of the CIA essentially uses readily-available public information in order to unlock and predict all sorts of activities they 've traditionally tracked through covert operations . It 's a paradigm shift in how they 've traditionally done business . Though not surprising , if you know the nature of the internet , it is fascinating nonetheless .
The second story , “ Technological Innovations Help Dictators See All ” dealt with the flip side :
As technology gets better–and cheaper–it 's becoming easier for authoritarian governments to watch and record their populations ' every move . John Villasenor of the Brookings Institution joins host Rachel Martin to discuss the phenomenon .
This discussion covers a real and growing problem : the online Big Brother phenomenon . Many people feel secure and anonymous online , but are not . Moreover , as tracking technologies get better , I fear it will give these governments even more control over ( and methods to intimidate ) their people .
[ Incidentally , NPR 's Fresh Air did a story in December 2011 which focused on tracking technologies regimes use–it 's a must-listen , as well . ]
I hope international broadcasters are listening to stories like these . It 's more clear than ever that VOA , BBC World Service , Radio Australia , Radio France International , Radio Netherlands Worldwide , and the like still hold the key to getting uncensored information into oppressed countries without bringing harm to listeners , namely , via broadcasts over shortwave radio .
For , as we 've often said , shortwave radio is impossible to track , works at the speed of light , is everywhere , and requires very simple and affordable technology on behalf of the listener . Let 's keep it alive and well : burgeoning democracies rely upon it .
Yet more supporting stories for our ongoing series , “ Why shortwave radio ? “
Related
ORLANDO , Fla. -- Central Florida used a trio of fourth quarter touchdowns and three field goals from kicker Nick Cattoi to run past Boston College 30-3 on Saturday night .
The Knights defense was stingy against the Eagles , holding them to just 141 total yards . Boston College was only 1 of 12 on third down as quarterback Chase Rettig was sacked three times and intercepted twice .
UCF 's Jeff Godfrey was active with both his hands and feet , completing 20 of 25 passes for 187 yards and rushing 13 times for 69 yards and two touchdowns . Latavius Murray carried 10 times for 72 yards and a score .
Rettig finished 10 of 23 passing for 70 yards . Andre Williams , who racked up 122 yards and two touchdowns last week against Northwestern , had only 59 yards 12 carries Saturday .
The win gives the Knights their first 2-0 start since 1998 and improves to 2-12 against Atlantic Coast Conference opponents .
UCF clung to a 9-3 lead throughout the third quarter until Godfrey completed back-to-back passes of 17 and 28 yards in the final minute of the period to get the Knights inside the 5 .
Godfrey snuck in from 1-yard out two plays later to put the Knights up 16-3 with 14:51 left in the game .
Rettig was then picked off by A.J . Bouye on the Eagles ' ensuing possession , giving the ball right back to the Knights on the Boston College 49 .
UCF 's offense picked up where it left off , needing only six plays to get back into the end zone -- this time via a 1-yard plunge by Murray -- to extend its lead to 23-3 with 9:30 left .
Murray had four carries for 38 yards during the drive , including a 19-yard scamper .
Godfrey added one more 4-yard touchdown rush to provide the final margin .
UCF dominated the time of possession in the first half and took at 9-3 lead into the locker room .
The Knights had the ball for 19:52 , compared to 10:08 for the Eagles . Boston College had just four possessions in the half , punting on their final three .
UCF did n't get in the end zone , but did put its extra time to use . The Knights were aggressive from the start , mixing 13 passes into their 37 total plays for the half . The Knights also racked up 100 rushing yards , led by Godfrey 's 46 yards on nine carries .
Meanwhile , Cattoi made all three of his field goals from 36 , 35 and 32 yards away .
UCF 's defense also kept Williams at bay in the opening 30 minutes . His first touch of the night went for 16 yards , but his final seven carries of the half netted just 27 yards .
Boston College did get few big plays , but managed only four first downs and 41 rushing yards . Rettig was also a paltry 3 for 8 for 27 yards through the air . He was also sacked twice deep in Eagles ' territory to set up a Knights ' score .
The Eagles ' biggest bright spot of the half came on the defensive side , with linebacker Luke Kuechly posting 10 tackles .
Both teams traded field goals in quickly played first quarter .
Boston College got on the scoreboard first via a 47-yard field goal by Nate Freese . The drive nearly stalled on the UCF 33-yardline , but was kept alive by a fourth down pass play by Rettig to Bobby Swigert .
UCF then answered with a 36-yard boot by Cattoi , capping a 15-play , 49-yard drive that took more than seven minutes .
UCF goes on the road next week against Florida International . Boston College returns home to open ACC play against Duke .
For other uses , see Bread ( disambiguation ) Bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water , usually by baking . Throughout recorded history it has been a prominent food in large parts of the world and is one of the oldest man-made foods , having been of significant importance since the dawn of agriculture . Various leavened breads Main ingredients Flour , water Cookbook : Bread
Cookbook : Bread Media : Bread Bread may be leavened by processes such as reliance on naturally occurring sourdough microbes , chemicals , industrially produced yeast , or high-pressure aeration . Commercial bread commonly contains additives to improve flavor , texture , color , shelf life , nutrition , and ease of manufacturing . Bread plays essential roles in religious rituals and secular culture . Contents
Etymology
History
Main article : History of bread Tacuinum Sanitatis from Northern Italy , beginning of the 15th century Bread shop , from Northern Italy , beginning of the 15th century Bread is one of the oldest prepared foods . Evidence from 30,000 years ago in Europe revealed starch residue on rocks used for pounding plants . [ 4 ] It is possible that during this time , starch extract from the roots of plants , such as cattails and ferns , was spread on a flat rock , placed over a fire and cooked into a primitive form of flatbread . The world 's oldest evidence of bread-making has been found in a 14,500 year old Natufian site in Jordan 's northeastern desert . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Around 10,000 BC , with the dawn of the Neolithic age and the spread of agriculture , grains became the mainstay of making bread . Yeast spores are ubiquitous , including on the surface of cereal grains , so any dough left to rest leavens naturally . [ 7 ] There were multiple sources of leavening available for early bread . Airborne yeasts could be harnessed by leaving uncooked dough exposed to air for some time before cooking . Pliny the Elder reported that the Gauls and Iberians used the foam skimmed from beer called barm to produce `` a lighter kind of bread than other peoples '' such as barm cake . Parts of the ancient world that drank wine instead of beer used a paste composed of grape juice and flour that was allowed to begin fermenting , or wheat bran steeped in wine , as a source for yeast . The most common source of leavening was to retain a piece of dough from the previous day to use as a form of sourdough starter , as Pliny also reported . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] The Chorleywood bread process was developed in 1961 ; it uses the intense mechanical working of dough to dramatically reduce the fermentation period and the time taken to produce a loaf . The process , whose high-energy mixing allows for the use of lower protein grain , is now widely used around the world in large factories . As a result , bread can be produced very quickly and at low costs to the manufacturer and the consumer . However , there has been some criticism of the effect on nutritional value . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Types
Properties
Preparation
Leavening
Cultural significance
See also
References
Further reading
At the moment fingerprint scanners appear to be the “ in ” thing and are used to help prevent unauthorized access to one 's smartphone . It can also be used to facilitate mobile payments like Apple has done with Apple Pay . However could iris scanning be the way of the future ? Well as it turns out over in Japan , Fujitsu has implemented the feature into their phone .
The Fujitsu Arrows NX F-04G will come with iris scanning , thanks to a collaboration with Japanese carrier NTT DOCOMO . According to both companies , the Arrows NX F-04G will be the first smartphone to feature iris scanning technology which will be used to unlock the phone and to facilitate mobile payments .
This is n't the first time that we have heard about the possibility of iris scanning making its way into mobile devices . A report from a couple of months ago revealed that an upcoming Samsung tablet could implement the technology . Apparently iris scanning is said to be more accurate than regular fingerprint scanners , but given that we 've yet to take one for a spin , we ca n't really attest to those claims .
Microsoft had also previously announced that Windows 10 will support iris recognition as one of the ways users can log into their computers , alongside facial and fingerprint recognition , but what do you guys think ? Do we really need iris scanning or is fingerprint technology good enough ?
Filed in . Read more about Fujitsu and Ntt Docomo .
A Boulder grand jury indictment in 1999 accused John and Patsy Ramsey of two counts each of child abuse resulting in death in connection to the first-degree murder of their 6-year-old daughter JonBenét , according to documents released Friday morning .
The charges did n't directly accuse the Ramseys of killing their daughter . Instead they alleged that the parents permitted JonBenét to be placed in a dangerous situation that led to her death and it accused them of helping whoever killed the girl .
The Ramseys were never officially indicted , however , because former District Attorney Alex Hunter refused to sign the documents and prosecute the Ramseys .
The documents were compiled long before new DNA evidence that led the Boulder district attorney to publicly exonerate the parents and apologize to them in 2008 .
“ The DNA was not available to the grand jury in 1999 , ” said Lin Wood , the Ramseys ' attorney . “ What we have here is a release of a sliver of the evidence that the grand jury looked at and reviewed . It 's just based on incomplete evidence . “
Boulder police , who have been accused of bungling the murder investigation — particularly in the early hours when they failed to secure the crime scene — found vindication in the indictments .
Police officials issued a news release Friday that said the unsealed indictments confirmed publicly that “ the investigation pursued by the Boulder Police Department was , in fact , based on the information and evidence available . ”
“ Until this release , it was difficult to remain silent in reference to our knowledge of the true bills for so many years , ” Police Chief Mark Beckner said .
Investigators were also disappointed in Hunter 's decision not to issue indictments , the release says . The JonBenét Ramsey homicide remains a cold case that is not actively being investigated .
“ There are no new leads , ” the release says . “ While we believe at this point it is unlikely there will ever be a prosecution , the Boulder Police Department still holds out some hope that one day the district attorney and the Boulder Police Department will be able to put together a case worthy of presenting to a jury . ”
JonBenét 's body was found in the basement of her parents ' Boulder home on the day after Christmas in 1996 . She had been strangled , and her skull had been fractured .
Her parents were placed under what one investigator called “ an umbrella of suspicion , ” but they denied any involvement in their daughter 's death . Patsy Ramsey died in June 2006 after battling ovarian cancer for more than a decade .
Friday 's release involved four pages of the grand jury 's indictment and centered on just two counts , which were identical for both of the Ramseys .
Count four of the indictment said the Ramseys “ did unlawfully , knowingly , recklessly and feloniously permit a child to be unreasonably placed in a situation which posed a threat of injury to the child 's life or health , which resulted in the death of JonBenét Ramsey , a child under the age of sixteen . ”
Count seven of the indictment said the Ramseys did “ unlawfully , knowingly and feloniously render assistance to a person , with intent to hinder , delay and prevent the discovery , detention , apprehension , prosecution , conviction and punishment of such person for the commission of a crime , knowing the person being assisted has committed and was suspected of the crime of murder in the first degree and child abuse resulting in death . ”
Neither Hunter nor John Ramsey returned calls seeking comment on Friday .
Judge Robert Lowenbach ruled Wednesday morning that the court would release the indictment Friday in response to a lawsuit brought by Boulder Daily Camera reporter Charlie Brennan and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press .
The Camera reported earlier this year that the Boulder County grand jury investigating the Ramsey case voted in October 1999 to indict the Ramseys on charges of child abuse resulting in death , but Hunter refused to sign the document and prosecute the Ramseys .
The three-year statute of limitations on the charges in the reported indictment would have expired in 2002 .
“ While grand jury witnesses and their testimony remain shielded for good reason , the ultimate decisions of juries and prosecutors must be public if the people are to retain any faith or trust in the rule of law , ” Brennan said in a first-person story Friday explaining why he fought for the documents ' release .
Denver defense attorney and legal analyst Dan Recht said the documents show the conflict within the grand jury .
“ In a sense , they seem to be classic compromise grand jury decision , ” Recht said . “ They ca n't decide whether to indict on murder . They ca n't decide to not indict at all . So they compromise in between . ”
Curiously , the charges in each parent 's unsigned indictment are listed as Count IV ( a ) and Count VII . Recht said that shows the district attorney presented multiple possible charges to the grand jury — likely including murder — and that these two were the only ones the grand jury could agree upon . And that , Recht said , shows why Hunter was reluctant to go forward with any of the charges .
“ In part , this vindicates Alex Hunter , ” Recht said . “ He probably saw this as a classic compromise , and he believed , if he could n't prove murder , he could n't prove either of these beyond a reasonable doubt . ”
Standards are lower for obtaining a grand jury indictment — probable cause — than they are at trial — beyond a reasonable doubt . Furthermore , only nine of 12 grand jurors are needed to reach an agreement for an indictment , but a trial jury must be unanimous .
The Boulder police news release suggested officers believed there was enough evidence to go to trial .
“ Cases are rarely perfect and often contain conflicting evidence , ” the release says . “ As a result , the opportunity to present the entire case to a jury may be lost forever . We also understand the criteria for taking a case to trial is higher than probable cause . ”
The police release hinted that the relationship between Hunter and the police department not only got in the way of solving the JonBenét Ramsey case but other homicide cases .
“ Under District Attorney Stan Garnett , we 've been able to develop a team approach — with both agencies aiming for similar goals — to achieve unprecedented success in prosecuting cold cases , most of which had been rejected for prosecution under previous district attorneys , ” the police department news release says . “ Justice , and the public interest , is better served with this type of collaboration and shared focus . ”
John Ramsey had urged the court to release all of the grand jury 's report , rather than just the portion posted by the court on Friday . He argued that the partial release offered a skewed view of the proceedings .
“ The court is sympathetic to the position of Mr. Ramsey , ” Lowenbach said , but a release of the entire record “ would set a precedent that would impede other Grand Juries in performing their functions under statute and rule . ”
Hal Haddon , one of John Ramsey 's attorneys , said in a letter to the Boulder district attorney that Friday 's document release “ only serves to further defame him and his late wife Patricia Ramsey . Mr. Ramsey will have no access to whatever evidence the prosecutors presented to the grand jury and will have no ability to disprove these allegations in a court of law . Nor will the public … have any ability to evaluate the propriety of the indictment unless the entire grand jury record is unsealed and opened to public view . ”
In 2008 , Boulder District Attorney Mary Lacy took the extraordinary step of publicly exonerating the child 's parents and immediate family in her death and apologizing to them . She cited new DNA evidence that pointed to an unknown male as JonBenet 's killer .
In a letter hand-delivered to John Ramsey , Lacy said she was confident the DNA belongs to the killer .
“ Significant new evidence . . . convinces us that it is appropriate , given the circumstances of this case , to state that we do not consider your immediate family , including you , your wife , Patsy , and your son , Burke , to be under any suspicion in the commission of this crime , ” Lacy wrote .
Wood said he is concerned that the indictment 's release will appear to some to be confirmation that the Ramseys killed their daughter , when they have been cleared .
“ It 's subject to the impression that criminal charges were warranted against the Ramseys . A full examination of the evidence unquestionably exonerates the Ramseys , ” Wood said . “ This is inflicting a terrible miscarriage of justice . ”
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 , denverpost.com/coldcases or twitter.com/kmitchelldp
This is a revised version of this online story . An earlier version listed an incorrect age for Fleet White . In addition , it lacked some specifics of Chief Koby 's statement .
Severe drought gripping northeastern Brazil — the worst in a half-century — is taking its toll on more than 1,100 towns , even triggering fighting in rural areas , local media reported Sunday .
An average of one person a day is being killed in “ water wars ” in rural areas , while scores of animals are wasting away before perishing , the O Globo newspaper reported over the weekend .
Short water supplies have devastated farm output , the report said , endangering the lives of local people and their livestock .
Many people in the area have lost half their livestock , and the Brazilian government has reduced forecasts for corn , soy and bean crops .
In Pernambuco , 66 municipalities are on water emergencies , rivers have run completely dry and animals looking for water in the riverbed can only find the odd muddy puddle .
Local dams in the region are running dry , and abuses are rife . In one cited example , water truck drivers make deliveries — but only if customers promise to vote for certain local candidates .
COLOMBO ( Reuters ) - Saudi authorities have reduced a Sri Lankan maid 's sentence for adultery from death by stoning to a three-year jail term after an appeal , Colombo 's foreign ministry said on Wednesday .
The maid , 45 , who is married and had worked as a domestic helper in Riyadh since 2013 , was convicted in August of adultery with a fellow Sri Lankan migrant worker . The man was given a lesser punishment of 100 lashes because he was not married .
Sri Lankan acting Foreign Minister Harsha De Silva said the appeal against the death sentence was taken up by the Saudi court on Tuesday and he welcomed the outcome .
“ The government of Sri Lanka is very happy to announce that the appeal for clemency on the sentence was successful and the Sri Lankan national will have to serve a reduced term in prison , ” De Silva told reporters in Colombo .
Foreign Employment Minister Thalatha Atukorale said the maid 's sentence had been reduced to three years .
There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side .
The maid 's name has not been disclosed by Saudi or Sri Lankan authorities .
The death penalty imposed on her sparked an uproar in Sri Lanka , from which hundreds of thousands of men and women migrate to wealthy Gulf Arab states every year to take up jobs as maids or drivers . Their remittances are an important contributor to the South Asian nation 's GDP .
Oil-exporting Saudi Arabia follows sharia , Islamic law , and has drawn criticism from Western human rights groups for the wide range of crimes that carry the death penalty there , including adultery , drug smuggling and witchcraft .
In 2013 , the Saudis beheaded a young Sri Lankan housemaid for killing an infant left in her care , rejecting repeated appeals by the Indian Ocean island against her death sentence .
Colombo recalled its ambassador from Riyadh in protest .
Saudi Arabia , currently chair of the U.N. Human Rights Council , has executed more than 150 people this year , mostly by public beheading , the largest number of executions in 20 years , rights group Amnesty International said last month .
The word fan is short for fanatic . Still , even some fans take things too far .
In a story from Matt Hayes of Sporting News , Florida Gators Head Coach Will Muschamp told a story of how an old friend from Georgia called to say his Gator buddy had a theory that Muschamp was throwing the Georgia game on purpose because , of course , he 's a University of Georgia graduate .
These are n't the majority of fans , but sometimes the outer fringes of a fan base can be the loudest and most vocal , especially after a 4-8 season and three straight losses to the Bulldogs .
“ It 's so irrational it 's scary , ” Muschamp told Hayes . “ And that 's not the first of this kind of stories I 've heard . But that 's football in the South . ”
The “ theory ” — and I hesitate to even acknowledge it as a theory because of the true craziness behind it — can be silenced . It only takes one win out of 12 games to end it once and for all .
A loss this year to Georgia would make Muschamp the first head Coach to lose four straight to Georgia since Charley Pell lost every game he coached against Florida 's biggest rival in the East . Muschamp is already tied to Pell after last season , which was the worst since 1979 — Pell 's first season with Florida .
Even Ron Zook , the coach that brings up the single strongest opinions among Gator fans , had a winning record against Georgia .
So this year , you 'll hear the same kind of talk from coaches and players ; “ every game is important ” ( it is ) , “ We 're playing nameless , faceless opponents ” ( my personal favorite ) and each team we 'll hear how the opponent this week provides the toughest test the Gators have faced .
Whether the team or Muschamp ever publicly states it , one game is more important than the rest and that 's a date with the Bulldogs on November 1 .
A week ago I posed a question on our message board and on Twitter . How many games does Muschamp need to win to make you happy ? The answers I got were surprising , but they probably should n't have been . Overwhelmingly , people would settle for fewer wins as long as one of those wins came against Georgia .
That 's how important this game is to the fans — not to mention the SEC East implications the game carries each year .
Will Muschamp called the theory that he 's purposely losing to Georgia because he 's an alumnus of the school so irrational it 's scary and it is . Dante Fowler looked befuddled when the theory was brought up to him at SEC Media Days , saying it did n't make any sense .
It does n't . But a fourth-consecutive loss to Georgia will only make the outer fringes of the fan base louder and more incensed .
Every game is important . You have to beat Idaho to start the season . You ca n't lose Eastern Michigan or Kentucky at home either . So while every week in college football is a “ must win ” situation , the game against Georgia is the biggest of them all .
For more Florida Gators news stories from Nick De La Torre join Gator Country today !
Xiaomi has a reputation of developing products either alone or in partnership with other companies , which meets various kinds of needs . The latest Smart lighting product which would be unveiled tomorrow is one of such product . The light is a night lamp with would come with a motion sensor , meaning it only comes on when motion is detected .
The light is meant to take care of movement at nights to use the bathroom which is a usual practice by the elderly . In order not to disturb the sleep of others who are already sleeping , this product is being introduced . The light night is known as Mi Induction Night Lamp and as the name implies , it uses induction current . It uses photosensitive with human infrared dual induction technology to come on when motion is detected . The light comes with a simple design and is white . The is a hoot with which it can be hung on the wall or ceiling . In addition , it has a 120 ° wide-angle sensing range and a sensing distance of up to 5-7 meters . The brightness is adjustable and the light stays on for 15 seconds after which it goes off if no motion is detected .
Read Also : Xiaomi Launches Two New Mijia Products : Smart PTZ Camera & Smart Ceiling Lamp
The Mi Induction Night Lamp will be available on MIJIA ‘ s Mi Home from tomorrow ( July 18 ) at 10 AM and costs just 49 Yuan ( ~ $ 7 ) .
1 . The kind of man you marry says “ I love you ” and “ I 'm sorry ” because he genuinely feels that way , and he never hesitates to be the one to say it first . The kind of boy you date says those things when an apology will get you off his case and an “ I love you ” will keep you around a little longer .
2 . The man you marry asks you out . The boy you date asks you to hang out . The man you marry will be clear about his intentions . The boy you date will keep you questioning .
3 . The kind of man you marry knows the art of treating someone to a night out , and he realizes that he should do so not because he 's a man and it 's his masculine responsibility , but because everyone deserves to be treated well and swept off their feet now and again . The kind of boy you date wo n't think that these gestures are important .
4 . You 'll have things like reading , a love of nature , music , politics and religion in common with the man you marry . You 'll have things like drinking and talking about people from high school and where they ended up with the boy you date .
5 . The kind of man you marry does n't seek you out for his own means . He does n't want you because he wants sex , or someone to show his family , or someone to wrap his arm around at the end of the day . The kind of boy you date was lonely or needed someone to sleep with regularly or needed to get his family off his case .
6 . The man you marry sticks around no matter how messy things get . This one is important , because if you think that the rest of forever is n't going to be a little messy at times , you 're kidding yourself . And you need someone who can handle it , who is committed . The boy you date is the one who uses you at his disposal . Who seems to come and go when it 's convenient for him . Who is n't committed enough to want to stay when things are anything but happy .
7 . The kind of man you marry wants to go down on you . The kind of boy you date wants you to go down on him .
8 . The kind of man you marry is hella good in bed , not because of their physique or skill , just because they care enough about you , and not just themselves , to make sure that you 're happy and taken care of before they are . The kind of boy you date is there for his own release , and his own needs .
9 . The man you marry will understand that bodies fluctuate in size , that hair is natural and to shave it is a personal choice not a requirement , that ailments happen and so do sometimes unseemly excretions . The boy you date will be grossed out by anything that makes you anything less than the Kate Upton poster on their wall .
10 . Whether or not they receive your family 's complete approval , the man you marry is respectful even if they 're hesitant , the boy you date is disrespectful right back .
11 . The man you 'll marry is the one who will change his mind about marriage and kids having met you . The boy you date is the one who says neither are for him– ever .
12 . The kind of man you marry does n't fight dirty . He does n't call you “ fat ” or “ stupid ” in your arguments . The boy you date does .
13 . The man you marry will know how to do his own laundry , cook himself a meal , have a savings account , wear a tailored shirt , be comfortable in his sexuality/gender performance wherever it falls on the spectrum , be cognisant of whether or not he wants kids or a house on a farm or a condo in a city , because these are things that every person should know before they get married . Needless to say , the boy you date will be unsure of what he wants , and the problem with it is that when he does decide , you have to make sure it aligns with what you want .
14 . You will never have to question whether or not the man you marry loves you . Even if everything else is up in the air , even if everything else has totally fallen to shit , you know that there is something deeper between you , and it 's all you really need . The boy you date will never give you that feeling of assuredness . Not because he did n't say it , not because he did n't act like it , but because somewhere within you , you know it is n't true .
Love Kate Bailey ? Check out her new Thought Catalog Book here .
Daniel Boffo is an easygoing 33-year-old with a degree in economics . He is the son of Italian immigrants from a small town in Italy , whose father settled in Burnaby and started a landscape and construction business in 1963 . His dad Tarcisio is close friends with another Vancouver developer , Nat Bosa , who was the best man at his wedding .
Tarcisio has put his son Daniel and daughter Flavia in charge of the day-to-day Boffo business , which has mostly built projects in the suburbs .
Last summer , the Boffos purchased an empty lot at 555 Cordova , a street where prostitutes hang out , down the street from a soup kitchen . It 's on the fringes of Strathcona , and between the growing Hastings Corridor and downtown . It will be central and affordable enough to attract the young urban crowd .
Story continues below advertisement
`` We are targeting the cheapest price per square foot in Vancouver , around $ 385 , '' says Mr. Boffo . `` We 're excited , because it will be a different model , a small , repeatable project that is putting non market and market on the same site . ''
It 's also within the heart of the downtown eastside , known as the Downtown Eastside Oppenheimer district ( DEOD ) , where there 's a dense low-income population , between Hastings to the south , Alexander to the north , and along Cordova to the east . In that particular patch , there is special zoning that has long required new residential housing to include 20 per cent non-market housing . The 20 per cent rule , as well as the fact it 's skid row , has long turned off developers .
As far back as a decade ago , it was a worry by city planners that as surrounding property values increased , that 20 per cent requirement may no longer deter development of market housing . That day arrived when the Pantages Theatre on Hastings , in the heart of Oppenheimer , was demolished last year to make way for 79 units of market condos , as well as the required 18 non-market units , rental units , and artist studio space .
The outcry from the community was intense . The DTES Not for Developers coalition formed in response and held loud , angry protests . They also briefly occupied the Salient Group 's nearby Paris Annex construction site . That protest was mostly against Salient 's 21 Doors project located on the fringes of Oppenheimer . Close enough , they said .
The Pantages project , Sequel 138 , was approved , and it was seen as opening the door into Oppenheimer .
Mr. Boffo 's comparatively small , 29-unit residence is next . It 's currently in the development permit approvals stage , and in order to build it , Mr. Boffo has partnered with non-profit housing provider , Community Builders Group , who will purchase and manage the five non-market units . Based on square footage , Mr. Boffo was only required to include three units , but trying to be sensitive to the issue , he increased it to five .
Community Builders is an international non-profit group that has the formidable task of scraping together financing to purchase low-cost housing . They already own 250 low-income units in the area , and with the help of new market development , they have plans to double that number this year . That puts them squarely in the middle , between private development and community activism .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Boffo is selling the units to the group at cost , says Community Builders spokesman Gordon Wiebe . They will rent all five of them out at the welfare rate of $ 375 a month , which is also below the requirement . As is , some of the units could be rented for $ 870 and still be considered below market rate . Most would agree , however , that $ 870 is hardly affordable if you 're on welfare .
Enter Dave Diewert . Mr. Diewert is the spokesperson for the DTES Not For Developers Coalition , whose name says it all . He helped organize the Pantages protest , as well as a protest against Salient Group , whose 21 Doors project is on the fringe of the Oppenheimer area .
The coalition demands that new downtown eastside developments be entirely dedicated to non-market housing .
Mr. Boffo and Mr. Wiebe both insisted that I speak with Mr. Diewert to present his case , and I 'm happy they did . Mr. Diewert knows the details of every new development in the downtown eastside . We met for coffee and he explained to me why he 's opposed to any new market development . He has also made his views about the Boffo project clear to his acquaintance , the housing provider , Mr. Wiebe , who lives in an SRO .
`` I said , 'this is not good for the very people you are trying to serve . You are going to offer five units for a few people . But what 's the effect of the 24 condos on the surrounding neighbourhood ? How is that going to affect the low income housing around there ? While you decide to work with this fellow for these five units , the ripple effect of gentrification may displace dozens . '
`` Housing providers are complicit in that they agree to work on these projects , '' he added . `` Our fundamental stance is that the project as a whole is a problem , because when you bring condos into a low income area , you raise property values and that has a ripple effect to everything around it . ''
Story continues below advertisement
He also condemns the much-lauded example of mixed market and social housing that is the Woodward 's Building . He says the building contributed 125 units of social housing , but he estimates another 440 nearby units that changed use or raised rents due to gentrification were lost .
`` The social mix in Woodward 's is kind of a joke . I know people who live there , and they say , 'my self-contained suite is beautiful . But as soon as I step outside , I am told to move along . ' And people in the condos , they take the elevator from their car up to their suite . They 're not living with us . They have a separate entrance . We call the social housing part , 'Woodward 's East . ' ''
In a phone interview later , Mr. Wiebe sounded sympathetic , but a touch exasperated .
`` If there is 100 per cent social housing , who is going to pay for it ?
`` We need social housing . Canada has a good history of it . But we also need private options . ''
Mr. Wiebe put it well in an open letter : `` Wealth is coming to the DTES , like it or not . It 's time to adapt , not to entrench . A social housing desert is a bad option and will never be supported in Vancouver , nor should it . ''
Story continues below advertisement
New development has already revitalized areas of the downtown eastside that were former ghetto ghost streets . Those streets now have home décor stores and coffee shops . They 're happy streets again . But at what cost to guys like Mr. Diewert and his friends ? They 've formed a tight knit community , and they 'd like to stay in their neighbourhood . As property prices go up , the cost of social housing in that area will too .
At the other end of it , Mr. Wiebe is trying to find decent new homes for people living in lousy 10 by 10 rooms . Mr. Boffo is a guy from Burnaby running a family business . He wants to build a small project on an empty lot on a street that could seriously use revitalizing . And he 's trying to be sensitive to existing residents . In comparison to living in an SRO , his 600 sq . ft. non-market units would be a major step-up .
`` No one developer , no one city staff member , councilor , architect or community resident will know all the solutions , but if you can all come together you could add to the fabric , not rip it apart , '' he says . Keep integrating , adding to it . Diversity is what attracts everybody .
`` We are a young city . How do we set roots , to grow something good ? I think we 're getting there . We are just going through growing pains . ''
Editor 's note : Due to an editing error , one of the subjects was incorrectly identified in the third to last paragraph of the original print and online versions of this story . It is Mr. Boffo who is , `` a guy from Burnaby running a family business , `` not Mr. Wiebe . This version has been corrected .
Houston made the final and game clinching play of the game when Cecil Shorts III caught a short pass and he came up from behind to force a fumble . Joselio Hanson recovered the fumble and it set the Raiders up in field goal range .
`` It 's guys closing to the ball , '' said Lamarr Houston . `` The wide receiver was n't paying attention to me and I was just running ( to the ball ) like I was coached , and I ended up making a great play . ''
It was just the third play of overtime and two plays later , Sebastian Janikowski finished it off with a game-winning 40-yard field goal
But the game-deciding play was only the final great moment for the now reigning AFC DPOW in this game . He was in the Jaguars backfield all day long , pressuring the quarterback and stuffing the run . He led the Raiders with 8 tackles ( 5 solo ) and most of them were at or near the line of scrimmage with two of them being tackles for loss .
He came shooting into the backfield on the Jaguars ' second series to stuff the run for no gain . The series ended on the next play with a three and out . In the second quarter he had two QB pressures resulting in incompletions .
In the third quarter , the Jaguars were backed up at their own 7-yard line and Houston was in the backfield as usual to tackle Jaguars running back Rashad Jennings for a four yard loss . All the Jags could do after that was to avoid a possible safety and try to get some breathing room for a punt .
Later , the Jaguars would get the ball at the Raiders ' 24-yard line after a strip sack on Carson Palmer . The defense needed to come through with a stop yet again to at least hold them to a field goal . Houston did one better when he sacked Chad Henne on third down to make that field goal a little longer .
Said Houston on the sack ; `` That 's a great feeling , but when your teammates do their job and they give you time to get there , it makes you look good . My teammates were doing their job and the D line was doing their job . ''
We 've seen flashes of the kind of play we saw from Houston in this game . This is the second time this season he was part of a fumble . The last time came against the Broncos when he did n't give up on the play and sprinted 50 yards downfield to recover a Demaryius Thomas fumble . But this was the first game Houston has showed an overall dominant performance and he very much earned the AFC Defensive Player of the Week award .
It 's winter now and I do n't know about you , but I 'm cold . It 's rainy and gross in DC these days and all I really want to do is curl up on the couch with a big bowl of chili and call it a day . Of course , life gets in the way and instead of making delicious warming meals every day , I end up just reading about other people 's delicious warming meals .
The last 60 post I did was pretty well received so I thought I 'd do another one with 60 great warming dishes to make it through the last few months of winter .
You can hover over the photos to see original blog and recipe name and click through to the original recipe .
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Phew ! Ok . So I maybe could have named these 60 things in a bowl , but whatever . You get the idea . Click on some pretty photos , get to know some new awesome food blogs and most of all…
STAY WARM PEOPLE .
With yesterday 's announcement of a brand-new Nexus 7 , but no mention – not even the slightest hint – of a new 10-inch Nexus 10 , some larger-tablet fans are getting concerned . But do n't go worrying too much . According to Amir Efranti , a reporter for the Wall Street Journal , tweeted that Google 's Sundar Pichai has confirmed a new Nexus 10 is in the works . As head of Android and a few other things at Google , we would say it 's a safe bet that he knows what 's going on .
From what Sundar said , the new Nexus 10 is currently being developed by Samsung , just like the last one . As for when we will see it , all he said was in , “ the near future. ” With words like that , could it be reasonable to assume we will see it launch in October , right alongside a new version of Android at another Google event ? We will just have to wait and see .
Are you more excited about the next rendition of the Nexus 10 than the Nexus 7 ? If so , why exactly ?
Via : @ Amir_Efrati
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including faster methods of propulsion .
Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space .
And one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships ( NextStep ) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days .
Scroll down for video
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr ( illustrated ) , which could apparently get to Mars in a matter of weeks , not months
The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas .
Their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to Mars from months to weeks - although it may require a nuclear power source .
And following the successful test of a prototype in 2013 , it seems Nasa is now considering it for use on a future mission to Mars .
WHAT IS THE VASIMR ENGINE ? Short for Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , Vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . The magnetic field also insulates nearby structures so exhaust temperatures well beyond the melting point of materials can be achieved . In rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . Plasma rockets feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low .
‘ We are thrilled by this announcement and proud to be joining forces with Nasa in the final steps of the technology maturation , ' said Dr Franklin Chang Diaz , Ad Astra 's Chairman and CEO , in a statement .
‘ We look forward to a very successful partnership as we jointly advance the technology to flight readiness . '
Over three years , Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ( $ 10 million ) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space .
This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype , the VX-200-SS , which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100 hours .
A previous test in 2013 saw Ad Astra complete 10,000 successful high power firings of a Vasimr prototype .
However , this involved short duration bursts for less than a minute . Proving the engine works for more than 100 hours will be key to it one day being used on a spacecraft .
The Vasimr engine is seen here being tested . Short for Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , Vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields
In rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . Plasma rockets like Vasimr ( illustrated ) feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low
The Vasimr engine could be part of the entire spacecraft that will ultimately take astronauts to Mars . The rocket that will send them on their way will be the Space Launch System , illustrated , which will complete an unmanned flight in 2019 - and it will have room for some secondary payloads to go to deep space
HOW LONG WOULD A MANNED MARS MISSION TAKE ? Owing to the orbits of Earth and Mars , there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . Our planets come as close to each other as 33.9 million miles ( 54.6 million km ) , but can be as distant as 250 million miles ( 400 million km ) . For this reason spacecraft to Mars , such as the Curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . The next window is open from January 2016 to April 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . For a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in another . Just getting there will take up to nine months . The astronauts will then be there waiting for a year until they can come back , again taking up to nine months - a total of around three years . Whether an engine such as Vasimr could shorten the time it would take to cover the distance , though , remains to be seen .
With this and other technologies , Nasa said in a statement they want to develop exploration capabilities around the moon , and at Mars .
‘ Commercial partners were selected for their technical ability to mature key technologies and their commitment to the potential applications both for government and private sector uses , ' said William Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for Human Exploration and Operations at Nasa Headquarters .
‘ This work ultimately will inform the strategy to move human presence further into the solar system . '
Three advanced electric propulsion projects , including Vasimr , will develop engines that operate in the 50 to 300 kilowatt range .
By comparison , current electric propulsion used by Nasa - such as the ion engine on the Dawn spacecraft - operates at less than five kilowatts .
Meanwhile , seven companies have been picked to work on the habitats that will house astronauts as they make their way to Mars in the 2030s .
While the Orion capsule will take astronauts to and from Earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days .
To make the journey to Mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure .
Nasa will be hoping one of the projects it is funding will find a way to house the astronauts for the grueling journey to and from the red planet .
While the Orion capsule ( shown after test flight in December 2014 ) will take astronauts to and from Earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days . To make the journey to Mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure
Previously , Boeing outlined the six steps needed to land and return on Mars ( illustrated ) . Two are already in production - the Orion spacecraft and SLS rocket . The other four things needed are a large 'tug ' spacecraft , a habitat , lander and an ascent vehicle - all of which Nasa is hoping to develop in the next decade or so
Nasa is also asking companies to development capabilities to sustain a crew of four for 60 days in cis-lunar space - between Earth and the moon - with the ability to scale up to Mars missions .
The companies selected include Bigelow Aerospace , who are creating an inflatable habitation module - a prototype of which will be attached to the ISS in 2018 .
And finally , two companies have been selected to develop small satellites - CubeSats - to launch as secondary paylods on the first flight of Nasa 's huge Space Launch System rocket in 2019 .
As the rocket is so powerful , it will give these CubeSats a rare opportunity to explore deep space , as opposed to remaining in Earth orbit .
James Fogle ( September 29 , 1936 – August 23 , 2012 ) was the American author of the autobiographical novel Drugstore Cowboy , which became the basis for the film of the same title . [ 1 ] He was born in Elcho , Wisconsin .
Fogle was in prison at the time of the film 's release in 1989 . [ 2 ] A career criminal with a sixth-grade education , [ 3 ] Fogle had been in trouble with the law many times starting in his teens and throughout the rest of his life . On May 27 , 2010 , Fogle was arrested with another man for robbing a drugstore in Redmond , Washington . He was held on $ 500,000 bail as he awaited trial .
Fogle was arrested again for robbing a Seattle pharmacy in 2011 . On Friday , March 4 , 2011 , he was sentenced to 15 years and nine months in prison . [ 4 ] On August 23 , 2012 , Fogle died of mesothelioma at the age of 75 in the state Monroe Correctional Complex in Monroe , Washington . [ 5 ] Though Fogle wrote many short stories and novels , the only one that has been published is Drugstore Cowboy with the rest in the possession of Daniel Yost , a screenwriter and Fogle 's friend . [ 6 ]
Adventure in Madness ( short story )
( short story ) Drugstore Cowboy ( novel )
( novel ) Doing It All ( novel )
( novel ) Needle in the Sky ( novel )
( novel ) Satan 's Sandbox ( novel )
( novel ) House of Worms ( novel )
( novel ) Drugstore Cowboy Rides Again ( Backside of a Mirror ) ( novel )
( novel ) Reckless Endearment
Harse Apples
Gold Gold Gold
The Just and the Unjust
Bird 's Nest on the Ground ( short story )
The Iraqi army has withdrawn from its last base in the city of Heet , in Anbar province , following weeks of fighting with the Islamic State in Syria and the Levant ( ISIL ) , leaving the armed group in full control , security sources say .
Hundreds of troops were pulled out of the base and relocated to help protect the Asad airbase , the AFP news agency quoted a police colonel in the provincial capital of Ramadi as saying on Monday .
`` Our military leaders argued that instead of leaving those forces exposed to attacks by ISIL , they would be best used to shore up the defence of Asad airbase , '' he said .
`` Hit [ Heet ] is now 100 percent under ISIL control . ''
Asad , northwest of Heet , is one of the last still under government control in the western province . It is surrounded by desert and a tougher target for ISIL fighters .
Other security officials said military aircraft picked up senior officers from the Heet base , and the rest of the force drove in a convoy to Asad .
An Iraqi officer and Sunni militia fighters told the Reuters news agency that ISIL looted three armoured vehicles and at least five tanks , and then set the camp ablaze .
Series of setbacks
Government forces have suffered a series of setbacks in Anbar in recent weeks , and officials have warned that their grip on the capital Ramadi was increasingly tenuous .
Al Jazeera 's Imran Khan , reporting from Baghdad , said that ISIL 's takeover puts nearby towns including Amiri under threat .
`` Amiri is a very key town , that is where the main supply line from Anbar province into Baghdad and the rest of the south of the country goes from , '' he said .
Up to 180,000 people have been displaced by fighting in and around Hit , the UN office for humanitarian affairs said on Monday .
The city had been home to 100,000 people who had fled other areas of Iraq which had fallen to ISIL , it said .
ISIL is also suspected of carrying out three bombings on Monday in mainly Shia neighbourhoods in Baghdad , killing dozens of people .
There have been a number of similar attacks in Baghdad in the past week , with suicide blasts on Sunday alone killing at least 45 people .
During a visit to Baghdad on Monday , Phillip Hammond , UK foreign minister , said ISIL would only be defeated by `` heavy work on the ground '' by Iraqi forces .
'' We 've always understood that the air campaign alone was not going to be decisive in turning the tide against ISIL but it has halted the ISIL advance ... and it is degrading their military capabilities and their economic strength , '' he said .
`` The heavy work on the ground is going to have been done by Iraqi forces and it is going to have been done by the Sunni communities in the areas that ISIL occupies . ''
Would you advise someone to flap towels in a burning house ? To bring a flyswatter to a gunfight ? Yet the counsel we hear on climate change could scarcely be more out of sync with the nature of the crisis .
The email in my inbox last week offered thirty suggestions to green my office space : use reusable pens , redecorate with light colours , stop using the elevator .
Back at home , done huffing stairs , I could get on with other options : change my lightbulbs , buy local veggies , purchase eco-appliances , put a solar panel on my roof .
And a study released on Thursday claimed it had figured out the single best way to fight climate change : I could swear off ever having a child .
These pervasive exhortations to individual action — in corporate ads , school textbooks , and the campaigns of mainstream environmental groups , especially in the west — seem as natural as the air we breathe . But we could hardly be worse-served .
While we busy ourselves greening our personal lives , fossil fuel corporations are rendering these efforts irrelevant . The breakdown of carbon emissions since 1988 ? A hundred companies alone are responsible for an astonishing 71 % . You tinker with those pens or that panel ; they go on torching the planet .
The freedom of these corporations to pollute – and the fixation on a feeble lifestyle response – is no accident . It is the result of an ideological war , waged over the last 40 years , against the possibility of collective action . Devastatingly successful , it is not too late to reverse it .
The political project of neoliberalism , brought to ascendence by Thatcher and Reagan , has pursued two principal objectives . The first has been to dismantle any barriers to the exercise of unaccountable private power . The second had been to erect them to the exercise of any democratic public will .
Its trademark policies of privatization , deregulation , tax cuts and free trade deals : these have liberated corporations to accumulate enormous profits and treat the atmosphere like a sewage dump , and hamstrung our ability , through the instrument of the state , to plan for our collective welfare .
Anything resembling a collective check on corporate power has become a target of the elite : lobbying and corporate donations , hollowing out democracies , have obstructed green policies and kept fossil fuel subsidies flowing ; and the rights of associations like unions , the most effective means for workers to wield power together , have been undercut whenever possible .
At the very moment when climate change demands an unprecedented collective public response , neoliberal ideology stands in the way . Which is why , if we want to bring down emissions fast , we will need to overcome all of its free-market mantras : take railways and utilities and energy grids back into public control ; regulate corporations to phase out fossil fuels ; and raise taxes to pay for massive investment in climate-ready infrastructure and renewable energy — so that solar panels can go on everyone 's rooftop , not just on those who can afford it .
Neoliberalism has not merely ensured this agenda is politically unrealistic : it has also tried to make it culturally unthinkable . Its celebration of competitive self-interest and hyper-individualism , its stigmatization of compassion and solidarity , has frayed our collective bonds . It has spread , like an insidious anti-social toxin , what Margaret Thatcher preached : “ there is no such thing as society . ”
Studies show that people who have grown up under this era have indeed become more individualistic and consumerist . Steeped in a culture telling us to think of ourselves as consumers instead of citizens , as self-reliant instead of interdependent , is it any wonder we deal with a systemic issue by turning in droves to ineffectual , individual efforts ? We are all Thatcher 's children .
Even before the advent of neoliberalism , the capitalist economy had thrived on people believing that being afflicted by the structural problems of an exploitative system – poverty , joblessness , poor health , lack of fulfillment – was in fact a personal deficiency .
Neoliberalism has taken this internalized self-blame and turbocharged it . It tells you that you should not merely feel guilt and shame if you ca n't secure a good job , are deep in debt , and are too stressed or overworked for time with friends . You are now also responsible for bearing the burden of potential ecological collapse .
Of course we need people to consume less and innovate low-carbon alternatives – build sustainable farms , invent battery storages , spread zero-waste methods . But individual choices will most count when the economic system can provide viable , environmental options for everyone—not just an affluent or intrepid few .
If affordable mass transit is n't available , people will commute with cars . If local organic food is too expensive , they wo n't opt out of fossil fuel-intensive super-market chains . If cheap mass produced goods flow endlessly , they will buy and buy and buy . This is the con-job of neoliberalism : to persuade us to address climate change through our pocket-books , rather than through power and politics .
Eco-consumerism may expiate your guilt . But it 's only mass movements that have the power to alter the trajectory of the climate crisis . This requires of us first a resolute mental break from the spell cast by neoliberalism : to stop thinking like individuals .
The good news is that the impulse of humans to come together is inextinguishable – and the collective imagination is already making a political come-back . The climate justice movement is blocking pipelines , forcing the divestment of trillions of dollars , and winning support for 100 % clean energy economies in cities and states across the world . New ties are being drawn to Black Lives Matter , immigrant and Indigenous rights , and fights for better wages . On the heels of such movements , political parties seem finally ready to defy neoliberal dogma .
None more so than Jeremy Corbyn , whose Labour Manifesto spelled out a redistributive project to address climate change : by publicly retooling the economy , and insisting that corporate oligarchs no longer run amok . The notion that the rich should pay their fair share to fund this transformation was considered laughable by the political and media class . Millions disagreed . Society , long said to be departed , is now back with a vengeance .
So grow some carrots and jump on a bike : it will make you happier and healthier . But it is time to stop obsessing with how personally green we live – and start collectively taking on corporate power .
Twitter : @ Martin_Lukacs
More slaves went to Cuba than US . A lot more went to the Middle East where they were castrated . Is that in , ‘ Roots ? '
Wow . White folks really are wicked .
At any rate , this is the only judgment for a viewer to make upon watching the History Channel 's recent remake of Alex Haley 's Roots .
A mini-series coming in at over eight hours and airing over four nights , the newest Roots features numerous white characters : men , women , and children ; Union and Confederate soldiers ; British Red Coats and colonial American troops .
With a single exception—a white female Union spy—they are all portrayed as evil .
Granted , some white characters are more sadistic than others , but virtually all—including the children—are indistinguishable from one another with respect to their unrelenting obsession with subjecting blacks to every conceivable kind of torture .
Indeed , it is no stretch to say that the villains of Roots are about as nuanced—and evil—as such iconic comic-connish villains as Darth Vader and the Joker : http : //alt-right.ca/hk2pr
If you 're worried that Fido will pine away while you 're away , DOGTV , a new cable channel , may help both of you .
The channel , launched recently in San Diego , is designed to provide companionship for dogs and reduce stress caused by an owner 's absence , said Ron Levi , co-founder and chief content creator .
Although DOGTV 's content is n't breed specific , Nicholas Dodman , a veterinarian specializing in animal behavior , says visually oriented “ sighthounds , ” including whippets and greyhounds , may be more inclined to watch than “ scenthounds ” such as basset hounds , which tend to to keep their nose to the ground as they focus on smells .
DOGTV uses colors that dogs see best ( they see colors at the end of the spectrum better , including yellow , green , indigo and violet ) and sounds that are soothing , such as classical music , said Levi .
The Hyper.sh public beta opened it arms to the world on April 4th 2016 .
The thing about public betas is that you really want to know what your users are doing on the platform . We see all sorts of actions occurring , but the patterns take a while to emerge . Now , a month into the public beta we 've decided to share some of the most common patterns as part of Hyper Use Case Week .
The use cases are not groundbreaking , but what we love to see is the ease and speed with which people are getting up and running .
Use Case 1 - Web app with a database
The bread and butter of web development . Deploy your web app , attach it to a database , and then make it accessible to the outside world via a floating IP .
How do I do it ?
It 's not rocket science but registered Hyper.sh users are achieving this deployment in under 10 seconds ! Here 's how :
hyper run -d -- name db hyperhq/postgres hyper run -d -- name web -- link db hyperhq/webapp python app.py FIP= $ ( hyper fip allocate 1 ) hyper fip attach $ FIP web curl $ FIP:80 > Hello : linked database is `` tcp : // < ip_of_db > ''
Obviously this is a Python web app , but if your application runs in a container , it will run on Hyper.sh .
Deploying 2 containers in under 10 seconds , so what ?
Deploying 2 containers in under 10 seconds in production may be no biggy for you . You already provisioned your virtual machines , set up the firewall rules and attached public IPs . Maybe you went ahead and installed scheduling and orchestration tooling .
After all that , sure , you can go ahead and deploy 2 containers in way less than 10 seconds , but you first had to do all that and now you have to maintain it all .
With Hyper.sh the longest part of the use case is signing up for the public beta .
Why not get started now ? https : //console.hyper.sh/register
Now check out part 2 now where we look at Load balancing across two web servers . Questions ? Drop us a mail at contact @ hyper.sh .
I was once taught to believe that Jesus was the Messiah . I was once taught to believe that God is the one true god . I was once taught to believe that all things are possible only through him . I was once taught that non-Christians were n't good people . I was once taught that only Christianity could answer the questions that I had . I once believed in aliens , ghosts , and cryptids without hesitation . I once believed I was better than others .
At one time I believed these things to be true . But eventually , I woke up .
As a child , I rarely applied any skepticism to the things I observed . I , like most children , relied on the respected adults around me to help validate the things I read , heard , and saw . I had no reason to believe they were wrong ; why would anyone willing , and even unknowingly , lie to children without hesitation ? I looked up to them for guidance and guidance is what I received .
It was n't until I was much older had I begin questioning my beliefs . I began to understand the world much better , in ways that were much more fascinating than anything suggested to me from the pulpit , television , or literature . The beauty of living organisms , the complexity of our universe , and the incredible abilities of the human brain ; all of which often taken credit for by those who believe they 've been given a religious mandate to do so . Soon , it became incredibly hard for me to rely on faith .
History intrigued me the most . As I began to investigate the many cultures world-wide , from past to present , I began to realize something . From the stories of Genesis and Exodus to the resurrection of Jesus , they began to resemble the ancient writings of other early civilizations . Nothing extraordinary separated these stories from the rest . At this point , the belief in God had faded from me . I no longer felt compelled to worship a deity that I was n't sure existed . I then asked myself a very important question :
“ What else could I be wrong about ? ”
I looked back at my life in an investigative way .
I was a “ jock ” in high school . As a result , I ran with a crowd that often found enjoyment in making fun of others . I transferred schools as a child , so once high school began , assimilation was my only hope . I will admit , popularity clouded my judgment . I felt untouchable in way that I never thought was possible . Unfortunately , others suffered from my foolish actions . Was it right of me to do so ? Of course not . People are people , regardless if they differ from you in any way . Besides inducing laughter among my friends , there was no good reason to do what I once did . Everyone has the right to live their life without fear , meaningless judgment , and intimidation . To force others to endure these things is immoral , a belief that I hold dear today .
I love a good mystery . I can not explain why , but since I was young the stories of ghosts , aliens , and cryptids entertained me . These often conflicted with my religious beliefs ; but if God could truly exist , why could n't these . That kind of foolish thinking allowed my imagination to run wild . Nowadays , my skepticism keeps me from taking these sorts of claims seriously . I often ask myself these questions like , “ How much does the claim require the suspension of natural laws ? ” or “ What sort of evidence is being used to evaluate these claims ? ” Often you 'll find there to be little to no support reinforcing those beliefs ; and if there is , it 's often examined through the lenses of confirmation bias . Thinking critically is very much important to me today , a trait that I hope will help keep me from trouble in the future .
If we want to live a knowledgeable and clear life , we must humble ourselves in way that may not sound easy to you now . I 've done so by applying these simple principles :
I can not be afraid to doubt unsubstantiated claims .
I can not be afraid to ask questions about everything .
I need to be apprehensive before believing what other people say to be fact-based .
I need to treat others kindly in a respectable and adult way .
I need to live our lives day by day as if it is our last , because it 's highly probable this is the only life I get .
I need to recognize when I 've been wrong and make an honest effort to correct those mistakes .
I ask you to do the same .
Finding atheism was n't frightening ; it was enlightening . Finding skepticism did n't make me feel as though I knew all the answers ; it forced my beliefs to conform to reality . Finding humanism did n't make me feel less important ; it helped me understand why we 're all important . Finding reason was my exodus , and I want you to find yours .
We 're in this together , folks . So let 's make a better future for ourselves .
J. D. Brucker is an atheist author , a secular humanist , and an outspoken anti-theist . His first book Improbable : Is There Any Reason To Believe In God ? was published by Dangerous Little Books in December of 2013 . He blogs at Atheist Republic and his personal website . You can find him on Twitter . He resides in Chicago , Illinois .
Written By : J.D . Brucker
Charles Barkley was one of the most dominant mid-post players of all-time . He was strong enough to back guys down , and fast enough to blow post them .
In his prime , Barkley commanded double teams on a nightly basis , and he was an expert at moving the ball to find the open man . San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard is starting to face the same treatment from opposing teams , and to get better , head coach Gregg Popovich gave him tapes of Barkley .
Article continues below ...
Barkley 's reaction when he heard the news is great , per USA Today :
Leonard is already a monster , and it 'll be unfair once he masters how to deal with difficult defensive schemes .
When told Popovich put together a CD of his decision-making , Barkley was honored . “ For Gregg Popovich to give a tape of me to Kawhi Leonard , that 's just awesome . It really is , ” Barkley said . “ I really appreciate that compliment . ”
NCAA Pulls 7 Championship Events From North Carolina , Citing Transgender Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Grant Halverson/Getty Images Grant Halverson/Getty Images
The NCAA announced Monday evening that it would relocate seven championship sporting events out of North Carolina during this school year , citing the state 's HB2 law limiting civil rights protections for LGBT individuals , WUNC 's Dave DeWitt reports .
The events moving out of state include first and second rounds of the Division I Men 's Basketball Championship — part of the Road to the Final Four — originally slated to be in Greensboro , DeWitt reports .
In a press release , the board emphasized that `` NCAA championships and events must promote an inclusive atmosphere for all college athletes , coaches , administrators and fans . Current North Carolina state laws make it challenging to guarantee that host communities can help deliver on that commitment if NCAA events remained in the state . ''
The state Republican Party countered late Monday with a scathing press release written by spokeswoman Kami Mueller .
`` This is so absurd it 's almost comical . I genuinely look forward to the NCAA merging all men 's and women 's teams together as singular unisex teams . Under the NCAA 's logic , colleges should make cheerleaders and football players share bathrooms , showers and hotel rooms . This decision is an assault to female athletes across the nation . ''
HB2 earlier cost the state the 2017 NBA All-Star game , DeWitt notes . The law limits anti-discrimination protections for LGBT individuals and requires transgender people to use public bathrooms that match the sex listed on their birth certificates , rather than the gender with which they identify .
Equality NC executive director Chris Sgro writes in a press release that `` it has become clear that the shadow HB2 has cast on North Carolina is hurting our economy , our reputation and our people every day . ''
0 SHARES Share Tweet
A brand-new leak by the Guardian reveals that the top British GCHQ is tapping directly into global telecommunication networks for secret access to the majority of the world 's Internet communication , way more potent than what the NSA 's PRISM program is capable of as well . The revelation came at the same time the U.S. government filed charges of espionage against Edward Snowden .
On Friday , June 21st , the U.S. filed formal charges of espionage and divulging state secrets on former NSA contract employee , Ed Snowden . The charge of espionage against Snowden came at the same time the Guardian published new information revealing that the GCHQ has been secretly monitoring and storing vast amounts of data on Internet traffic . This data is supposedly being shared with their American counterpart , the NSA .
According to the Guardian the GCHQ gained access to the network of Internet fiber optic cables that carry the majority of the world 's Internet traffic . These obscene amounts of data are being recorded in volume and on a far larger scale than PRISM .
There are two official programs working together called “ Mastering the Internet ” and “ Global Telecoms Exploitation ” , with both being generally referred to as “ Tempora ” .
Tempora has been running for approximately 18 months and has been indiscriminately recording vast amounts of communications by Internet users , criminal or otherwise .
The revelations of such an extensive network of government eavesdropping came by way of the whistle blower , Edward Snowden , who first released the purported facts on the PRISM program .
Snowden calls the British program the largest gathering of “ suspicionless surveillance in human history….It 's not just a U.S. problem , ” Snowden told the Guardian , “ The U.K. has a huge dog in this fight . They are worse than the U.S . ”
If this newly leaked information is fact , that would make the GCHQ the most powerful intelligence gathering entity on the planet working in unison with the U.S. , Canada , Australia and New Zealand .
By the end of 2012 the GCHQ was supposedly handling over 600 million “ telephone events ” each day . The leaks also suggest that they had a direct line into over 200 fiber optic telecommunication cables and had the ability to gather data from 45 main fiber optic lines at any given time .
To put that amount data into perspective , each of those fiber optic cables carry about 10 gigabits of data every second . That means they would be processing at least 21 petabytes of data every day . According to Snowden , the goal is for the GCHQ to process thousands of gigabits of data at any given moment .
The GCHQ accomplished this undertaking by making secret agreements with numerous private companies , which were referred to as “ intercept partners ” . Much like the NSA the GCHQ bound those companies legally from revealing any part of the program . The leak also reveals that about 850,000 NSA employees have access to this information obtained by the GCHQ .
Charges against Snowden were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia and includes unauthorized communications on national defense information , theft of government property , and “ willful communications of classified information to an unauthorized person ” .
The Washington Post reports that the U.S. has also officially asked Hong Kong to detain Snowden on a provisional warrant for extradition . Snowden has vowed to fight extradition and may possibly relocate to Iceland where he has been invited to reside without fear of extradition .
You 're camping in the woods , about to tuck into some salmon you 've caught when a bear appears . It 's waiting for you to eat your fish , so it can swoop in to eat you .
This is a steal for the bear . For the price of a human , it 's bagged a human-salmon combo meal .
This scenario is hypothetical , but the feeding strategy it illustrates is not , according to a study published Wednesday in Biology Letters . In the report , a team of scientists from Britain and Italy termed the tactic “ kleptopredation ” and described it not in bears , but in a brilliantly colored sea slug , Cratena peregrina , that 's about the length of a soda can tab and commonly found in the Mediterranean .
These psychedelic slugs , also called nudibranchs , are known to feed on tentacled marine organisms known as hydroids , which are related to corals and sea anemones . They pop the polyps off the hydroids as one might pick a flower off a stalk . But based on lab experiments , the authors of the new paper suggest the slugs prefer to eat hydroids that have just ensnared plankton , a food item nudibranchs are n't capable of capturing for themselves .
Think of it like wielding a living fishing rod . Or eating a turducken . Whichever your preferred analogy , kleptopredation — using one prey item to obtain another prey item — falls outside ecologists ' traditional classifications of feeding behavior . There 's predation , and there 's so-called kleptoparasitism ( when one animal takes food from another animal , like a pack of hyenas stealing a fresh kill from a lion ) . But kleptopredation is something new .
Belching is the release of gas from the digestive tract through the mouth . It is the result of swallowing air , usually while eat or drinking . While it is normal to swallow small amounts of air , big , noisy belches occur when too much air is swallowed , often unintentionally . The clinical term for belching is eructation ; the common term is burping .
Causes
Belching is most often caused by eating or drinking too quickly , talking while you eat , drinking beer , sodas or other carbonated beverages that are infused with air , chewing gum and smoking . Inhaling cigarette smoke and chewing gum can both cause you to swallow excess air and result in belching .
Acid reflux , or heartburn , can cause belching as a result of swallowing excess air to try to clear out your throat and esophagus . Anxiety can also cause excessive swallowing .
Purpose
Belching releases air and gas that would otherwise settle in the gastrointestinal tract and cause bloating , discomfort in the chest and abdomen , and sometimes difficulty breathing . Some people intentionally belch to release trapped air or gas . For some people , belching becomes a habit .
Implications
Some people belch loudly and often , a condition known as aerophagia wherein air is swallowed into the esophagus and immediately expelled . In this case , belching may be diagnosed as a behavioral disorder .
Loud burping is often embarrassing and even when unintentional , is considered rude in many cultures .
Prevention
Eat slowly and eat smaller amounts of food and slowly and calmly sip beverages so you swallow less air . Drink carbonated beverages directly from a glass , not through a straw or from a can or bottle . If belching is a chronic problem , you may have to avoid carbonated beverage altogether .
During flare-ups , it may help to avoid high-fiber foods and any other foods that are hard to digest . If smoking is causing belching , then you have one more reason to quit .
When heartburn causes you to belch , you must resolve the underlying condition with antacids or other treatments .
Treatment
Since the initial swallowing of air is often an unconscious behavior , there is not much a physician can do other than review preventive measures , explain the mechanisms of belching and in some cases , teach breathing techniques that can help minimize air swallowing . In cases of excessive belching , behavioral or speech therapy may be recommended .
There are no medications to treat belching but if heartburn is the cause , antacids may help . If the problem is severe and bothersome , anxiety medication may also help some people .
In a small note published in the British Medical Journal , Dr. S. Ming reported his solution to repeated belching that results from nervous anxiety . He instructed his patients to bite on a pencil or handkerchief to stop the flow of air . According to Dr. Ming , this method resulted in a quick resolution of the problem .
Listen to 140 Seconds on 4chan
A message posted on a website called 4chan caused police to close a high school in the Issaquah School District while they tried to find the source who threatened to kill students at Skyline High School .
Skyline is open today , even though authorities do n't know who posted the threat . The message was traced to a proxy computer server in Sweden . A proxy server , which is fairly easy to access , is often used to conceal a user 's IP address while browsing the Web or using other Internet services
In a letter sent to Skyline parents , the school said they felt confident in reopening the school . “ Although we can never guarantee with 100 percent certainty that our school will be safe . ”
Police think the person responsible for the threat was either a past or current student at Skyline .
Nearby Eastside Catholic High School was closed Friday . A school leader says they cancelled classes to perform a security assessment on their campus . Friday night 's football game was moved to Saturday .
While most people are now familiar with social media sites like Facebook and Twitter , the site where the threat was initially posted is not as well known .
4chan was once described as “ a message-board whose lunatic , juvenile community is at once brilliant , ridiculous and alarming . ”
It 's an anonymous Internet forum known for its pranks , its hacking , and maybe their most well-known stunt , “ Rickrolling . ”
Rickrolling came from an earlier prank from 4chan known as duckrolling . In that case , a link to a picture or news item would instead lead to a site containing an edited picture of a duck with wheels . The user who clicked was “ duckrolled . ”
In 2007 , 4chan pulled off a huge prank . A link to the Rick Astley video was claimed to be a mirror of the first trailer for Grand Theft Auto IV . Rickrolling was born and a year later it had spread beyond 4chan to the rest of the Internet .
In 2003 , Christopher Poole started 4chan , with the intention of making it an online forum to discuss Japanese comics and anime .
He was just 15-years-old then . 4chan has heavily-trafficked image boards , where members congregate to chat and swap photos and images .
The website is split into dozens of message boards from fashion , nature and guns to pornography and paranormal .
The anarchist group Anonymous got its start on 4chan .
One particularly well-known section of 4chan is called “ b ” which does a rowdy back channel filled with obscene images and profanity-riddled messages .
Content on 4chan can range from odd and not safe for work to violent and threatening .
People on the site are generally young , in their 20s , and they 've been known to verbally attack anyone who criticizes the 4chan community .
Unlike most social sites , 4chan does not have a registration system , which means anyone can post anything anonymously .
Any name can be used when posting , even one that has been previously adopted by someone else .
The death threat message against Skyline High School was re-posted to Reddit .
Reddit is a social news aggregator where the users do have to register before they can submit content , in the form of either a link or a text “ self ” post .
Other users then vote the post up or down . Popular stories and posts stay on the site 's front page .
Reddit has been getting more well-known since President Obama recently participated in an AMA “ Ask Me Anything ” on the website . AMA is a feature that allows a real-time dialogue between a person of note and the people on Reddit .
By LINDA THOMAS
Photo courtesy The Japan Times . Characters from “ Gurren Lagann ” are among those featured in a Gainax exhibition at the International Manga Museum .
Related podcast : 140 Seconds on Social Media
This weekend 's most intriguing Premier League fixture is Saturday 's late game , Tottenham travelling north to face Liverpool . In a sense , Tottenham is the new Liverpool . Peculiarly , they 're also what Liverpool must become .
The new Liverpool ? Well , two years ago , Liverpool came remarkably close to winning the Premier League title . They did n't , of course , and the dramatic collapse means their 2013-14 season is now regarded as an extraordinary failure , whereas realistically they overachieved compared to preseason expectations , and were the most exciting team England has seen for years .
They based their play around intense midfield pressing , quick attacking and lots of bright young English players . At World Cup 2014 , half of Roy Hodgson 's outfield players -- Glen Johnson , Steven Gerrard , Jordan Henderson , Raheem Sterling and Daniel Sturridge -- played for Liverpool . Their high-energy , attack-minded style seduced a manager previously famed for his negative , structured football .
Two years on , and Hodgson will now pack his team with five Spurs players . Eric Dier has emerged as the obvious candidate to play the holding midfield role , and his tendency to drop into the defensive line has worked excellently in conjunction with Danny Rose and Kyle Walker 's constant overlapping this season , so fielding all three makes sense . Meanwhile , Dele Alli has been a revelation , and Harry Kane 's second consecutive 20-goal Premier League season means he 's an automatic starter up front .
It 's doubtful whether supporters of either side care about the success of the national side , but then that misses the point . The two most successful European sides in recent years , Spain and Germany , have based their teams heavily around the influence of a club : Barcelona and Bayern Munich , respectively . It 's significant that Hodgson has looked at a Premier League side , seen the organisation and the on-pitch relationships , and decided that drawing upon that team is the best approach for the national side . It 's a huge compliment . Hodgson turning from Liverpool to Tottenham , however , summarises how Liverpool have fallen behind .
When Jurgen Klopp took charge of Liverpool for the first time , it was away at Tottenham in October . Like this weekend , the game arrived after an international break , and Klopp had enjoyed just two days on the training ground with his full squad .
Therefore , he had barely any time to change Liverpool 's approach ; although he started with an unusual 4-3-2-1 system , and Liverpool 's pressing was evident from the outset , particularly with the energetic roles played by James Milner and Emre Can toward the flanks .
Mauricio Pochettino , right , has perfected the Premier League pressing game that Jurgen Klopp looks to match with Liverpool .
Significantly , the side ran more in Klopp 's debut than in any game under Brendan Rodgers this season , and they also became the first side to out-run Mauricio Pochettino 's Tottenham . That was widely remarked upon ; even at that early stage , with Spurs eighth in the Premier League , it was highly unusual to see the opposition cover more ground , because the North London side 's fitness levels were so impressive .
A notable feature of that game -- a boring goalless draw -- was that both sides were so determined to disrupt their opponents ' play , that they essentially forgot to formulate any good attacking moves . Klopp complained afterward that his players were `` too hectic '' and `` did n't see the right pass , '' an interesting summary from a manager famed for his `` heavy metal '' football .
Spurs , meanwhile , have since improved and showcased the perfect mix of `` frantic '' football without possession , and composed play when they regain the ball . This is what Liverpool must become .
But how have Tottenham perfected this approach ? At times in the opening weeks they appeared pure spoilers , excellent at pressing and regaining possession but less effective with the ball . Harry Kane 's early-season goal drought was partly because he was n't receiving the ball in dangerous positions , and started dropping increasingly deep to receive possession . Now , Spurs are moving the ball through midfield swiftly and efficiently , and Kane has scored many goals from classic poaching positions .
Mostly , though , they 're creating chances because they 've been regaining possession swiftly and pouncing immediately . Last year 's Spurs were all about pressing , but this season they 've improved at counter-pressing : winning the ball immediately after it 's lost , the gegenpressing style Klopp famously considered `` the best playmaker there is . ''
This applies nicely at Tottenham . Their truest playmaker , Christian Eriksen , has experienced a mixed campaign , often struggling to influence matches in the manner you expect from such a dangerous playmaker . Yet Tottenham has created plenty of chances -- more than any other side in the league -- because of their determination to win possession quickly . Eriksen is n't a particularly good presser , but he uses the ball extremely quickly when someone else regains possession , and feeds him immediately .
Other midfielders have pressed excellently . Erik Lamela 's work rate is notable and he 's played immediate through-balls after turnovers of possession , while the regular midfield trio of Dier , Alli and Mousa Dembele are all genuinely excellent pressers , and increasingly capable of contributing in an attacking sense too .
Harry Kane , fore , and Emre Can have each been revitalised under Mauricio Pochettino and Jurgen Klopp , respectively .
Alli 's initial impact was impressive , but his spatial awareness has improved further and his relationship with Kane has developed nicely , while Dembele has become more decisive with his final pass -- previously his major weakness . Dier covers for his teammates excellently , and often acts as the second part of Tottenham 's press , although his distribution is less impressive than his midfield colleagues ' .
The most important factor in all this , however , is Tottenham 's fitness . Their incredible stamina does n't simply mean they can continue working to regain possession , it means they can retain the composure required to play intelligent passes , too . Exhaustion often leads to rushed distribution , or taking too many touches , something rarely witnessed from Spurs this season .
Pochettino 's fitness regime is crucial , and , while opponents can work out what Spurs are doing on the pitch , it 's more difficult to investigate what happens in training . One thing 's for sure , though : Spurs are incredibly fit .
`` We have a lot of players who are young and in their first or second season in the Premier League , '' said Pochettino earlier this season . `` It 's very tough and we spend a lot of time analysing to find information to give the best training sessions or recovery or to find the best way to help them . ''
Inevitably , he does n't want to explain much more than that , although his players have praised the intensity of his training sessions . `` If you 're tired , he wants you to train harder so you do n't get tired , '' Kane said . `` Recovery is important as well but when we train , we train at 110 percent and do n't leave anything unturned . That 's the way it is . ''
Centre-back Kevin Wimmer , meanwhile , has stressed the importance of diet . `` My body shape is much better than when I came here , '' he told The Sun . `` My body fat has gone down a lot because of the hard training and that I now take care of myself all the time ... at the club you can only eat healthy food , which is a very good thing . They also let us take some home , which is good for me because I live by myself and it means I do n't have to cook . ''
It 's basic stuff , of course , and we do n't know the full details . But Spurs have managed to combine intense training sessions with minimal injuries , and that might prove to be Klopp 's most difficult task in recreating Spurs ' blueprint . In his final season at Dortmund , his side was plagued with injury problems , and he reacted angrily to any suggestion this was because of his intense pressing style . Pochettino , at least , has shown it 's possible to play with great intensity but avoid injury .
For now , though , Liverpool is some way behind that level . For all the talk of Liverpool being moulded into the style of Klopp 's Dortmund , it 's Tottenham who have improved more radically since their previous meeting . Fitness , as much as strategy , is the key component .
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC . Follow him on Twitter @ Zonal_Marking .
More Amer­ic­ans trust Pres­id­ent Obama than con­gres­sion­al Re­pub­lic­ans to make the right de­cisions to bring down the price of gas­ol­ine , ac­cord­ing to a new poll , al­though neither side com­mands a ma­jor­ity .
What 's more , as prices con­tin­ue to rise and the specter of $ 5-per-gal­lon gas for the sum­mer driv­ing sea­son looms over the polit­ic­al land­scape , the latest United Tech­no­lo­gies/Na­tion­al Journ­al Con­gres­sion­al Con­nec­tion Poll shows the pub­lic slightly more sup­port­ive of the en­ergy pri­or­it­ies of the Demo­crats and the pres­id­ent than those of the GOP .
Forty-four per­cent of re­spond­ents trust Obama more “ to make the right de­cisions to help bring down the price of gas­ol­ine , ”  versus 32 per­cent for Re­pub­lic­ans in Con­gress , ac­cord­ing to the poll . Only 1 per­cent said both ; 16 per­cent said neither and 7 per­cent did n't know nor re­fused to an­swer .
Amer­ic­ans put some­what more stock in the Demo­crats ' policy of con­ser­va­tion and de­vel­op­ment of al­tern­at­ive en­ergy sources , such as wind and sol­ar power , than they do in the Re­pub­lic­ans ' em­phas­is on great­er do­mest­ic pro­duc­tion of oil and gas . Fifty per­cent of re­spond­ents said that the Demo­crat­ic ap­proach “ would do more to lower fuel prices , ”  while 42 per­cent went with the GOP ap­proach .
It 's worth not­ing that earli­er this winter the Con­gres­sion­al Con­nec­tion Poll found a sub­stan­tial ma­jor­ity of Amer­ic­ans fa­vor­ing con­struc­tion of the Key­stone XL pipeline , which has be­come a ral­ly­ing cry for con­gres­sion­al Re­pub­lic­ans .
This new­est sur­vey plumbed Amer­ic­ans ' views on what is caus­ing the spike in gas­ol­ine prices . When asked what the main reas­on be­hind the price in­crease was , some 38 per­cent laid the blame on “ the ma­nip­u­la­tion of prices by large en­ergy com­pan­ies. ”  Twenty-eight per­cent cited “ ten­sion in the Middle East , par­tic­u­larly over Ir­an and nuc­le­ar weapons. ”  Well down the list were “ the policies of Pres­id­ent Obama ”  ( 14 per­cent ) and “ the policies of con­gres­sion­al Re­pub­lic­ans ”  ( 5 per­cent ) .
On an­oth­er con­ten­tious is­sue in Con­gress — ju­di­cial va­can­cies — the poll showed a plur­al­ity of Amer­ic­ans be­lieves that the back­log is due to Sen­ate Re­pub­lic­ans “ un­reas­on­ably delay­ing the con­firm­a­tion pro­cess. ”  Some 44 per­cent of re­spond­ents said that was the cause for the hol­dup , while 36 per­cent said that Sen­ate Re­pub­lic­ans were “ just do­ing their con­sti­tu­tion­al duty. ”  A full 17 per­cent of adults re­spond­ing to the sur­vey did n't know or re­fused to an­swer and 4 per­cent said they have n't heard or read about the delays . On Monday , Sen­ate Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Harry Re­id , D-Nev. , said he would take full ad­vant­age of his powers to try to break the lo­g­jam of ju­di­cial nom­in­a­tions .
As the U.S . Postal Ser­vice con­tin­ues to hem­or­rhage money , a sig­ni­fic­ant ma­jor­ity of sur­vey re­spond­ents said that they were will­ing to forgo Sat­urday mail de­liv­ery in or­der to save money . But the pub­lic ap­pears to be much more wary of pay­ing more for a post­age stamp .
Con­gress is wrest­ling with the fal­lout from the Postal Ser­vice 's budget short­falls . The USPS , which is sup­posed to op­er­ate without tax­pay­er dol­lars , has been bor­row­ing heav­ily from the Treas­ury and will bump up against its $ 15 bil­lion cap this year . Mem­bers of Con­gress were out­raged earli­er this year when the post­mas­ter gen­er­al an­nounced a cost-sav­ing plan that in­volved everything from clos­ing 223 mail-sort­ing fa­cil­it­ies to end­ing Sat­urday de­liv­ery .
The poll showed a sol­id 63 per­cent of re­spond­ents in fa­vor of end­ing Sat­urday mail de­liv­ery “ as a way for the Postal Ser­vice to save money. ”  Thirty-two per­cent op­posed chan­ging the his­tor­ic de­liv­ery sched­ule .
A ma­jor­ity who re­spon­ded to the poll were un­will­ing to shell out more for a stamp or oth­er post­age fees in or­der to guar­an­tee the con­tinu­ation of Sat­urday de­liv­ery . Some 42 per­cent were will­ing to pay more , but 56 per­cent were not .
Con­gress ca n't dir­ectly stop the post­mas­ter gen­er­al from im­ple­ment­ing his re­com­mend­a­tions , but the mere threat of passing meas­ures that could delay or thwart the pro­posed cuts has made this a hot top­ic on the Hill , where mem­bers of both parties have de­cried the pro­posed cuts . The protests have been es­pe­cially loud from rep­res­ent­at­ives of rur­al areas , whose con­stitu­ents would have to travel longer dis­tances for postal ser­vices if the cut­backs are im­ple­men­ted .
The poll showed some in­ter­est­ing di­vides among the re­spond­ents on the Postal Ser­vice is­sue . Fifty per­cent of black non-His­pan­ics sup­por­ted the end of Sat­urday de­liv­ery to save money , while 47 per­cent op­posed the idea . Black non-His­pan­ics were also will­ing to sup­port a hike in postal rates to pre­serve Sat­urday de­liv­ery . Sup­port for end­ing Sat­urday de­liv­ery to save money was slightly weak­er in the Mid­w­est and among those earn­ing less than $ 50,000 an­nu­ally . White col­lege gradu­ates were most sup­port­ive of end­ing Sat­urday de­liv­ery , with nearly 80 per­cent back­ing such a move .
Darwin WWII tunnels a 'perfect concert hall ' to host music festival
Updated
Shakuhachi player Anne Norman was considering the `` bureaucracy of lighthouses '' when she learned of a potential performance space gouged into cliffs near Darwin Harbour .
She had performed in the Sydney Opera House and churches across Europe , yet she had never played in a 172-metre tunnel .
`` I 'm a musician and a musician is always looking for a good acoustic , '' Ms Norman said .
That was how she found herself hitchhiking westwards to Darwin last year for two performances in one of the city 's World War II oil storage tunnels .
Built to store the Navy 's oil after the bombing of Darwin , the tunnels were only briefly used during wartime before being abandoned and years later turned into a tourist attraction commemorating military history .
As far as venues go , they are damp , sultry and sweaty — but they also create unusual and mysterious sound .
`` It 's a perfect concert hall , '' Ms Norman said .
`` I 've played with a lot of reverb machines . This just beats absolutely everything . You are the recording engineer .
`` If you turn laterally in the tunnel , it sounds like a bathroom . Meaningless . If you look down the length of the tunnel , you 're setting up a standing wave pattern .
`` They are absolutely exquisite . That 's why I 'm here and continue to keep coming back . ''
Underground music festival
This week Ms Norman came back to one of the network 's longest spaces , `` tunnel five '' , with a cast of singers and musicians for a week-long Festival of Underground Music .
Included in the line-up was West Papuan-born Henk Rumbewas , a Darwin resident , singer and goanna-skin drum player that uses his birthplace 's music to bring awareness to its ongoing struggle for independence from Indonesia .
`` The first night I came into [ the tunnel ] I found it amazing , '' Mr Rumbewas said .
`` This is like a loudspeaker . It 's a very sensitive tool . ''
On Thursday night Mr Rumbewas and his young family sung throated calls to a long stretch of listeners seated in camping chairs with makeshift magazine face fans .
Drumming and joy merged when the audience was later called upon to join them in a conga line .
Also performing on Thursday night was Jason Gurruwiwi , a senior Yolngu songman from Galiwinku , and his nephew Guyundula Burarrwanga .
Joined at times by a lone yidaki ( didgeridoo ) , the duo sang to each other from about 30 metres apart along the tunnel ; their lyrics about turtles , cockatoos and baby dolphins entwining together as they walked closer to one another .
`` This takes my spirit along this tunnel to my people back there , '' Mr Gurruwiwi said .
The vast majority of the night 's performers used wind instruments , including the yidaki and even plastic whirlies .
Ms Norman said these more subtle sounds were needed in a space that , in some ways , was itself a large wind instrument .
`` When the yidaki player first came down , I saw the excitement in him . He played so subtly and so beautifully , '' she said .
`` He played some of the traditional bungal and then he waited . He was just mesmerised and listening . He waited 15 seconds . Then he played again . A true musician .
`` As a flutist , the control of an air tunnel is what you do . Here I 'm controlling an air column that 's 172-metres long .
`` You have no idea how exciting that is . ''
Ms Norman said she wanted to keep performing in tunnel five , however one day hoped to top it with a different sort of above-ground venue .
`` I 've been trying for years to play in lighthouses . But the bureaucracy of lighthouses , you have no idea , with marine authorities , national parks , coastguards , often tourist operators , '' she said .
`` I 've wanted to do a gig in lighthouses where the audience sits on spiral stairs to the top and the performer is at the base .
`` If you can get me that gig , I 'll be all over you . ''
Topics : indigenous-music , world-war-2 , opera-and-musical-theatre , music , chamber-instrumental , human-interest , darwin-0800
First posted
Alternation or divergence seen in the living organisms in the provided environment or the ecosystem is named as biodiversity ‘ the term ” Biodiversity ” is usually used for the specific variation witnessed in genes of organism as whole but the term ” Genetic Biodiversity ” deals in with the alternation or divergence pointed out in the genes of an individual organisms .there are different opinions views regarding the locus of biodiversity . So ecologists considers the rain forest as the greatest port to give the evolution to biodiversity , while other claims that even great and devastating variations can be brought in by the seas , oceans and green land bio mes .
Importance of biodiversity :
The diverse changes in the flora and fauna are important to be kept retain as they keep the ecosystem sound and unscathed . Diverging ecosystem provide the essential benefits to the human race in the form of huge food banks , pollination , biomass energy , recycling , clean water reservoirs , waste decomposition , climate stability and many more .
Eras of bio diversity loss :
However , extinction of biodiversity has become much critical to process in this era of industrialization , as human being is continuously destroying the other species for their sake of accommodation and other pursuits . Number of population of species tends to be in many ten billions but it is a fact that many of the species have become extinct from the ecosystem before they were discovered by the ecologists .
First era of biodiversity extinction- Era Of Mass Extinction :
The earth is claimed to be 4.5billions years old . Since the beginning of the life on earth till yet , there have been five large mass destruction events on the earth and many minor events in mass destruction that led to the drop in the biodiversity in living organisms . About 540 million years back , in the Phanerozoic era prompt increase in the biodiversity was marked when multi cellular phyla first appeared , the period also known as the Cambrian explosion .After that came an era of mass extinction that remained for next 400 years that comprised repeatedly loss in biodiversity on mass scale .
Second era of extinction of biodiversity :
The second event of the mass destruction was due to collapse in the rain forest in carboniferous that caused great loss of flora and fauna lives .
Third era of extinction Permian Triassic Event :
However , the third event of the mass extinction was worst and the terrific one . The event is named as ” Permian Triassic Event ” . This event took place 251 million years before and the and the vertebrate took 30 million years in recovering after that .
Fourth era of extinction – Paleocene Extinction Event :
The forth and the recent mass extinction event took place 65 million years before , named as ” Cretaceous Paleocene Extinction Event “ that resulted in the extinction of the great dinosaurs . This last event of extinction got the most attention of the ecologist because of the extinction of the whole dinosaur 's race .
Holocene extinction , the present era of species extinction
After the emergence of the human race , the biodiversity reduction and the genetic diversity reduction is on its way also the era of the biodiversity extinction is named as ” Holocene extinction “ this extinction is caused by human beings destroying the organisms habitat On the contrary the biodiversity have the great impact in human life and the health the impact is negative as well as positive .
Advertisements
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
President Donald Trump lashed back at Sen. Lindsey Graham in a tweet , calling out the South Carolinian for falsely portraying his remarks about racism and bigotry so that it seems he supports the KKK .
Is n't it bad enough that Trump has to correct the media for misstatements all the time ? But he also has to clarify what those in own party are putting out that paint him with a black brush ?
Here 's what Graham said , when asked about Trump 's response to Charlottesville : “ [ This president ] took a step backward by again suggesting there is moral equivalency between the white supremacist neo-Nazis and KKK members who attended the Charlottesville rally and people like [ killed Heather ] Heyer . I , along with many others , do not endorse this moral equivalency . ”
Nice . Except — Trump did n't .
Trump , in his initial response to Charlottesville , said he condemned rally-tied hatred and violence “ on many sides. ” He did n't specifically name white supremacists . On Monday , Trump named white supremacists specifically as targets of his repulsion . On Tuesday , he again blamed “ both sides ” for the violence .
And it 's that aspect of Trump 's remarks that has the media , the left , and even the Republican Party , outraged . The only acceptable line , post-Charlottesville , seems to be one that condemns white supremacists — not one that ropes in the violent counterprotesters of the far left who flocked to the Virginia city .
Not one that suggests a recognition of the years of violent protests this country has seen from the likes of Black Lives Matter and Hands Up , Do n't Shoot campaigns .
Not one that suggests awareness of concerted “ Resistance Summer ” operations , or anti-Trumper rallies that have resulted in such non-peaceful demonstrations as business window smashings , car burnings , clashes with police .
Forget all that .
The fact Trump has strayed from the message the left wants put forth right now — the one that says white supremacists are evil , and therefore have no business exercising their First Amendment rights , and therefore the statues they want to keep in place are inherently racist and must go — sets him squarely in the corral of racism .
Since Trump does n't denounce simply white supremacy , but rather all racism and ugliness and violence — even when it comes from the left 's corner — that means he 's a white supremacist sympathizer .
Or , as Graham puts it — that means Trump draws a moral equivalency between the innocent and the wicked .
It 's not a fair characterization to make . And it 's one Trump called out , true to form , on Twitter .
“ Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK , neo-Nazis & white supremacists … ” Trump tweeted .
And he followed with this one : “ …and people like Ms. Heyer . Such a disgusting lie . He just ca n't forget his election trouncing . The people of South Carolina will remember ! ”
Trump added one more tweet : “ The public is learning ( even more so_ how dishonest the Fake News is . They totally misrepresent what I say about hate , bigotry , etc . Shame ! ”
It is a shame — most particularly because in the middle of all this political pandering , media bashing and skewing , and fiery rhetoric , what 's being forgotten is this key point : America 's history is rapidly being crumbled , one monument at a time . And that 's a destruction from which our nation may never recover .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Former RI state rep. arrested in political sign theft Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Police Photo : Brian Coogan accused of stealing campaign signs from a neighbor 's yard . [ + - ] Video
EAST PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( WPRI ) -- A former state representative from East Providence is facing charges after he was accused of trying to steal the political signs of another candidate .
According to police , Brian Coogan and an unidentified woman tried to take down signs for City Council candidate Bruce Rogers . The two allegedly attempted to steal lawn and fence signs from a house on Summit St .
East Providence police say a witness positively identified Coogan from a photo lineup . Coogan was arrested on Monday but refused to give a statement . Police said he agreed to turn himself in to Providence District Court on Tuesday , where he was arraigned on several misdemeanor charges including attempted larceny , receiving stolen goods and conspiracy .
Coogan denied any wrongdoing in an interview with the Providence Journal .
`` I 'm not going to go and steal political signs , '' Coogan said . `` I 'm 46 . I have five children . That 's stuff that kids do . ''
In the September Democratic primary , Coogan was defeated by Helder Cunha for the House seat in District 64 .
In an e-mail sent to BSD project leader Theo de Raadt , former NETSEC CTO Gregory Perry has claimed that NETSEC developers helped the FBI plant `` a number of backdoors '' in the OpenBSD cryptographic framework approximately a decade ago .
Perry says that his nondisclosure agreement with the FBI has expired , allowing him to finally bring the issue to the attention of OpenBSD developers . Perry also suggests that knowledge of the FBI 's backdoors played a role in DARPA 's decision to withdraw millions of dollars of grant funding from OpenBSD in 2003 .
`` I wanted to make you aware of the fact that the FBI implemented a number of backdoors and side channel key leaking mechanisms into the OCF , for the express purpose of monitoring the site to site VPN encryption system implemented by EOUSA , the parent organization to the FBI , '' wrote Perry . `` This is also probably the reason why you lost your DARPA funding , they more than likely caught wind of the fact that those backdoors were present and did n't want to create any derivative products based upon the same . ''
The e-mail became public when de Raadt forwarded it to the OpenBSD mailing list on Tuesday , with the intention of encouraging concerned parties to conduct code audits . To avoid entanglement in the alleged conspiracy , de Raadt says that he wo n't be pursuing the matter himself . Several developers have begun the process of auditing the OpenBSD IPSEC stack in order to determine if Perry 's claims are true .
`` It is alleged that some ex-developers ( and the company they worked for ) accepted US government money to put backdoors into our network stack , '' de Raadt wrote . `` Since we had the first IPSEC stack available for free , large parts of the code are now found in many other projects/products . Over 10 years , the IPSEC code has gone through many changes and fixes , so it is unclear what the true impact of these allegations are . ''
OpenBSD developers often characterize security as one of the project 's highest priorities , citing their thorough code review practices and proactive auditing process as key factors that contribute to the platform 's reputedly superior security . If Perry 's allegations prove true , the presence of FBI backdoors that have gone undetected for a decade would be a major embarrassment for OpenBSD .
The prospect of a federal government agency paying open source developers to inject surveillance-friendly holes in operating systems is also deeply troubling . It 's possible that similar backdoors could potentially exist on other software platforms . It 's still too early to know if the claims are true , but the OpenBSD community is determined to find out if they are .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe gestures as he speaks during an event marking his 89th birthday at Chipadze stadium in Bindura , about 90 km ( 56 miles ) north of the capital Harare March 2 , 2013 . REUTERS/Philimon Bulwayo
HARARE ( Reuters ) - Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe will not invite Western observers for a constitutional referendum and general election due this year , state media said on Tuesday , a decision likely to trigger a dispute in his shaky coalition government .
Mugabe was forced into a power-sharing deal four years ago with his arch-rival Morgan Tsvangirai , now Prime Minister , after bloody and disputed elections in 2008 .
The southern African country is due to hold a referendum on March 16 on a new constitution which , if adopted , will pave the way for elections after June when the current presidential and parliamentary terms expire .
Foreign Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi , from Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party , told the state-controlled Herald newspaper that Harare would bar U.S. and European Union observers because of sanctions on Mugabe and his inner circle for alleged human rights abuses .
“ To be an observer , you have to be objective and once you impose sanctions on one party , your objectivity goes up in smoke , ” Mumbengegwi , who is responsible for inviting and accrediting foreign observers , was quoted as saying .
“ I do not see why they need to be invited when they have never invited us to monitor theirs . ”
The pronouncement is likely to cause another quarrel within the fractious power-sharing government . Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change has said it will oppose ZANU-PF 's plans to hand-pick poll observers .
Mumbengegwi said Zimbabwe had already invited referendum observers from the African Union and regional trade blocs the Southern African Development Community and the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa .
Mugabe , 89 , faces a battle to extend his 33 years in power against Tsvangirai , who has promised to fix an economy analysts say has been ruined by policies such as the seizure of white-owned commercial farms to resettle landless black people .
The last few weeks I have been spending my free time on implementing a Tor OR ( Onion Relay ) in the Go language ( golang.org ) . After a while I realized the language was not suited for the project , and stopped working on it . Today I am sharing what I learned , and will release the partially working code on github.com/tvdw/gotor .
In this post I will refer to the network protocol as ‘ Tor ' , the original implementation as ‘ CTor ' , and my implementation as ‘ GoTor ' , in an attempt to reduce confusion between the different versions . For consistency all network speeds are noted as a combined upload plus download , so divide by two where you think it is relevant .
Tor
Tor is a peer-to-peer network protocol that provides privacy to its users . It does so by encrypting the data several times , and sending it through a path ( ‘ circuit ' ) of multiple servers before it reaches the final destination . Each layer of encryption can only be decrypted by the server it is intended for , so that any node in the circuit can only ever know its immediate neighbors . torproject.org has a better explanation of the network in case you 're interested .
The network has a specification document , but carefully following it will result in an implementation that does not work ( this has now been corrected ) . This posed some challenges , but luckily the CTor source code is relatively easy to read .
The goal
For a while I have been running Tor nodes using CTor . In November 2014 those nodes relayed a total of about 400 terabytes , which is an average of roughly 1200 Mbit per second . Each machine has cheap hardware to push the costs down , but the lack of AES-NI instructions on the CPUs cause a significant slowdown . CTor 's implementation is essentially single-threaded , with only a very small amount of work being done in background threads , so the slowdown of having cheap hardware is immediately noticeable in throughput .
To maximize the amount of relayed data , it is normal to simply run multiple instances of the program , up to two per IP address . Running multiple instances of CTor on the same computer causes inefficiencies , such as needing more connections to other servers and trouble in balancing network throughput , so I set out to write a Tor relay in a way that uses all CPU cores . My final goal was to beat the Tor speed record , which was at roughly 200 megabytes per second .
The path
I started by just reading the specification documents , and quickly understood the basics of the network . I then decided on a language : for a while a colleague had been pushing me to write Go , so I picked Go . It took me about a day to pick up the basics and I got started .
First up : the TLS code . Instead of using OpenSSL , Go has its own TLS implementation called “ crypto/tls “ , apparently because agl__ , one of the people working on the language , decided so . Lots of features are missing , from DH key exchange to extracting the ClientHello message . Next to that , a quick performance benchmark showed that this implementation was very slow compared to popular OpenSSL bindings for Go . So I went with OpenSSL . While I had to fork the code to add some extra bindings , it was mostly painless .
Then came the Tor handshake . There are four versions of the link protocol , and the specification requires implementing at least the first one , which is a real pain . Instead of that , I implemented the fourth handshake , and sent a mail to the Tor developers requesting to drop support for the first and second versions . They agreed , and hopefully this week I will be finishing the patch for that .
So up to this point everything was great . I had spent only a few days and even though both the Tor protocol and the Go language were new to me , I had made significant progress . My local TorBrowser was able to connect to the relay and I saw the commands it was sending while trying to establish a circuit to the next server .
As soon as I started implementing the circuit logic , the first implementation issues started appearing . Each connection had its own buffered channel ( a queue ) and a circuit would be a bridge between the channels , but when both ends of the circuit would be writing to the other end simultaneously , and both channels were full , the code would deadlock . I mitigated this by just increasing the buffer , and planned to refactor the entire system later on .
Fast-forward a bit to the moment I had written enough to have a nearly full implementation of the relay . Some minor features were still missing , but it was stable enough to put a node in the network , which I did . It very slowly started building consensus ( it took more than a week to get any weight assigned at all ) but data was flowing nicely and it sometimes hit a few megabits per second . A few fixes had to be done but I was happy .
To get the testing up to speed , I moved the configuration and keys from a node that had been running CTor for months , and had my node run it . Traffic quickly ramped up to 500 Mbit/s , which was already more than a single CTor node could handle , but it did n't really grow much more than that .
On top of that , memory usage grew very quickly every time I started the program . I had to restart the node twice a day or it would start swapping . The growth was about 6 megabytes per minute on average , which is a lot less than the node relayed , but definitely suggested that there was a memory leak somewhere .
I mentioned the fast relay on the Tor IRC , and a fellow relay operator TheCthulhu offered to help with some testing hardware . He set up a server with my relay and within a few days we had broken the Tor speed record with a nice 250 megabytes per second , effectively maxing out the network link . CPU usage was at a nice 60 % across 12 cores . But his relay also suffered from the memory issues and had to be restarted every few days .
Meanwhile my own relay was still at only 500 Mbit/s , which was a quarter of the server 's capacity . After profiling the code and looking at some graphs , I realized that this was because of Go internals . I 'll talk more about this in a bit .
Then there was the overhead of using OpenSSL . During initial benchmarking it looked minimal , but it turns out Go assumes the worst of all C code and the language will refuse to run C code inside Go code . Instead , it will allocate an entirely new stack just for C calls , and tell the scheduler to create a new thread in case the C code hangs . If 80 % of the CPU time spent in your program is on C calls , your Go program wo n't hesitate to run 500 OS threads .
In the end I decided to drop the project . It was a fun learning process , but the Go language made the final product too slow . By sharing this blog post I hope that others will learn about these and maybe some day adjust the language .
Lessons learned
[ cpu ] Go can not call C functions directly . Instead , with cgo it creates an entirely new stack and runs the C code from there , while assuming the code will block for locks or I/O . This causes a massive buildup of OS threads ;
[ cpu ] To prevent the buildup of OS threads caused by cgo , you can lock concurrent calls using a lock or buffered channel . However , this causes a lot of futex system calls , slowing down the process ;
[ mem ] For every OS thread , Go has its own memory allocation cache . This is good , as it avoids locks , but when combining this with all the threads spawned by cgo you will see quite a bit of memory overhead ( this claim has been disputed in the comments , it 's possible I misread something in the Go source ) ;
[ mem ] In Go 's I/O model , every connection must have its own goroutine with its own read buffer . Assuming normal TLS records of 16K and a goroutine stack size of 4K , this means that with only 10.000 active connections you will already be using 200 megabytes just because of these buffers ;
[ mem ] Go 's default channel implementation uses an array and a mutex to control access . This means that a buffered queue with a capacity of 2000 slices will always be using 48KB , even if it 's empty . However , to be fair , this could be mitigated by using an alternate channel implementation that uses a linked list ;
In the end , I concluded that while Go is an amazing language , it 's not that good if there is C code in performance critical loops , if you have to deal with lots of connections , or if you have a lot of data flowing between goroutines . For most projects these restrictions are not an issue at all , but in my case I hit all three .
Lots of thanks to everyone who helped me during this short project . It was a lot of fun , and I am looking forward to working on CTor .
A few months ago I wrote a magazine article about scientists who are building robots capable of a rudimentary form of sociability . As part of my research , I spent a few days at the humanoid robotics laboratory at M.I.T . And I admit : I developed a little crush on one of the robots . The object of my affection was Domo , a man-size machine with a buff torso and big blue eyes , a cross between He-Man and the Chrysler Building ; when it gripped my hand in its strong rubbery pincers I felt a kind of thrill . So I was primed for the basic premise of David Levy 's provocative new book , “ Love and Sex With Robots ” : that there will soon come a day when people fall in love with robots and want them for companions , friends , love objects and possibly even partners for sex and marriage .
That day is imminent , Levy writes , especially the sex part . By the middle of this century , he predicts , “ love with robots will be as normal as love with other humans , while the number of sexual acts and lovemaking positions commonly practiced between humans will be extended , as robots teach more than is in all of the world 's published sex manuals combined . ”
If this seems a bit much , hang on . Levy , an expert on artificial intelligence and the author of “ Robots Unlimited , ” builds his case gradually . He begins with what scientists know about why humans fall in love with other humans . There are 10 factors , he writes , including mystery , reciprocal liking , and readiness to enter a relationship . Why ca n't these factors apply to robots , too ? Even something as apparently human as “ reciprocal liking ” can be programmed into a robot 's behavior , and if it acts as if it likes you that 's often all that matters .
Next , Levy points out that we 're perfectly capable of falling in love with non-humans , including our pets , our teddy bears , our computers and our computerized pets ( remember the Furby and Tamagotchi crazes a few years ago ? ) . Once you realize how easy it is to think of your own laptop as a sympathetic friend , how much more difficult is it to imagine having fond feelings for a robot programmed to interact with you in exactly the way your heart desires ?
Photo
Humans , Levy writes , are hard-wired to impute emotions onto anything with which we 're in intimate contact , to feel love for objects both animate and inanimate . And robots , he argues , might turn out to be even more lovable than some humans . By 2025 “ at the latest , ” he predicts , “ artificial-emotion technologies ” will allow robots to be more emotionally available than the typical American human male . “ The idea that a robot could like you might at first seem a little creepy , but if that robot 's behavior is completely consistent with it liking you , then why should you doubt it ? ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When it comes to the even creepier prospect of a robot wanting to have sex with you , Levy takes a similar step-by-step approach . First , he explores why people have sex with other people ( for “ pure pleasure , ” “ to express emotional closeness , ” “ because your partner wants to ” ) . He then moves on to why we have sex with a range of artificial objects , from plain old white-bread vibrators to elaborate mechanical contraptions with names like the Thrillhammer and the Stallion XL . He begins with sex toys you hold in your own hand and progresses to ones you engage in with another person : telephone sex for starters , followed by dildonics ( computer-controlled sex devices ) and then remote-controlled “ teledildonics . ”
The recent increase in spending by the government in the face of a 1 in 80 year economic event is clearly the right thing to have done . I can not imagine what the state of the economy would be without the necessary intervention . When the economy goes into free fall , the short term remedy is government spending , since the private sector is in no position to remedy the situation .
The issue with debt and deficits has everything to do with the growth in the economy ( slow at the moment ) and what the US decides to spend the tax receipts on . If the US continues to fulfill the role of world police , maintaining over 150 bases all over the world and spending money on arms that are outdated ( borrowing money to do this ) , then where on earth is the fiscal restraint . Is n't it obvious that the remedies for overcoming structural problems are to rework the system to stimulate a resurgence of manufacturing in the US and increase the wealth of the middle and lower class ? The path is a long one but necessary one . The US has to first start with a national consciousness and decides on what things are in the national interest . Education is paramount and the type of education is even more important . Job mobility , retraining , and appropriate government incentives are the engines for progress . Make no mistake , tax rates can be a negative or positive engine for growth , the argument always is what levels are appropriate . I have always favored the idea of a flat tax rate ; it removes all of the mystery and contention from the picture . Clearly tax reform is absolutely necessary ; it is really hard to fathom how millionaires can be paying 14 % in taxes . This is not an issue of tax warfare , it is simply an issue of overcome the debt and deficit , every citizen has to contribute their share to moving the country off of life support . It is a fact that the US started this unending period of deficits and debt during the Reagan administration , so it is worth a further examination to determine how to get the country back on track , even if it requires more taxes by the rich . There is ample room on the linear portion of the Laffer curve , from zero to close to the peak without disincentivising the rich !
Turner 's TBS has closed a new four-year deal with Conan O'Brien that keeps his late-night show on the basic cable network through 2022 , continuing O'Brien 's reign as late-night television 's longest-serving host .
But , the new deal also extends his Team Coco brand into digital content , podcasting , gaming , pay TV , and live events .
TBS will expand its relationship with Conaco LLC , which produces late-night 's Conan , along with TBS comedy People of Earth and the upcoming animated series Final Space ; Team Coco , the fan-centric entity that serves as the show 's digital and social media hub ; and the Team Coco Digital Studio , which produces branded content for Turner 's advertising partners .
“ Conan continues to prove his vibrancy night after night , and his incredible command of the digital and social space has only built on his young , connected audience , ” Kevin Reilly , president of TNT & TBS and chief creative officer of Turner Entertainment , said in this morning 's news .
O'Brien noted the TV landscape has changed dramatically since he inherited the traditional talk show format in 1993 and that in the past few years he has “ stumbled across ” new ways of connecting with his audience . “ I 'm eager to evolve my show into something leaner , more agile , and more unpredictable , ” Conan said in today 's announcement , adding , “ I also want a pony . ”
Conan airs Monday-Thursday at 11 PM ( ET/PT ) on TBS , produced by Conaco LLC , with Jeff Ross serving as executive producer . Since premiering in November 2010 , the show has consistently delivering the youngest audience of any late-night series . In the digital and social media arena , TBS boasted this morning , the show has chalked up a total of 3.4 billion video views . That figure includes 218 million views for the series ' “ Clueless Gamer ” segments and another 70 million for Team Coco 's branded content , while clips from Conan 's nightly episodes , international excursions , and Comic-Con shows have drawn 1.3 billion views.On the social media front , O'Brien has drawn well over 23 million followers on Twitter , which makes him one of the most-followed hosts in late night .
In its announcement , TBS also pointed to the headlines Conan has generated over the past two years with his Conan Without Borders road-trip specials and episodes . Most recently , Conan pointedly traveled to Mexico for a primetime special in which he delivered his monologue in Spanish . In Berlin , he experienced a dominatrix , but also a refugee camp . O'Brien became the first American late-night host to shoot in Cuba in more than 50 years ; his Armenia trip was another first-time destination for an American late-night personality . In South Korea , O'Brien telecast from the North Korea/South Korea DMZ ; in Qatar , he was joined by former First Lady Michelle Obama for a visit to an American Air Force base . Last year also included week-long trips to San Diego during Comic-Con International , and New York for a run of performances at the Apollo Theater .
Two thirds of European stars in England would n't meet the criteria used for other overseas players to automatically get a work visa
Dozens of top European stars playing in the Premier League would not qualify for work permits if Britain quit the EU and treated all overseas footballers the same , according to a Guardian analysis .
The study into rules governing working visas for elite players , conducted ahead of an expected referendum on EU membership in the next two years , suggests that a so-called “ Brexit ” could threaten a 20-year European influx which has arguably made the Premier League the world 's most attractive footballing competition .
It indicates that the European contingent in Premier League squads could be decimated if the UK voted to leave the EU and if the visa rules in place for non-EU players were applied across the board . Visa rules are unlikely to apply retroactively , but could threaten future transfers .
There are 161 players from the EU and European Economic Area ( EEA ) * in the Premier League . A Guardian study has found that around two thirds would not have met the criteria currently used for non-Europeans to get a work visa automatically .
All 20 Premier League clubs have at least one player who would be affected if these rules were used on the current squads . Sunderland would be left with no goalkeepers , while Swansea would be reduced to just one attacking player . Newcastle would lose six midfielders .
Aston Villa , Newcastle United and Swansea City top the list with nine affected players each , while Crystal Palace are the most insulated against potential changes , with just one affected player .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Manchester City 's Samir Nasri would not meet the criteria for a work visa . Photograph : Alex Livesey/Getty Images
Rules introduced this year by the Football Associaton , with the support of the Home Office , have made it more difficult for non-Europeans to get a work visa . The aim of the new points-based system is to accept only those who have played a certain percentage of games for their country .
Dr Rory Miller , director of the MBA ( football industries ) programme at the University of Liverpool , said if Britain were to leave the EU and the Home Office were to take a standardised view on players without UK passports , it would “ absolutely , inevitably lower the standard ” .
He believed any move to restrict European players would be fought by the Premier League , but supported by the FA , which would be happy to see more openings for British players .
“ Reducing the number of high quality players in the Premier League will reduce its brand value , particularly to overseas audiences , ” said Miller . “ I ca n't imagine the Premier League would be very happy about that . ”
“ Where football fans would stand I think is a very difficult situation to envisage . If you support a big club , you do n't want to see them denuded of top European players . Will it have an effect on the England team ? I very much doubt it , ” he said .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Chelsea 's Cesar Azpilicueta . Photograph : Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images
Among those European players who would not meet the criteria to get a work visa automatically are Chelsea 's Kurt Zouma and César Azpilicueta ; Arsenal 's Héctor Bellerín and Francis Coquelin ; Manchester United 's David de Gea , Juan Mata , Morgan Schneiderlin and Anthony Martial ; Manchester City 's Eliaquim Mangala , Jesús Navas and Samir Nasri ; Liverpool 's Simon Mignolet ; Newcastle 's Tim Krul ; Aston Villa 's Charles N'Zogbia ; and West Ham 's Dimitri Payet .
Stefan Szymanski , professor of sport management at the University of Michigan and author of Money and Football , said if the restrictions were to go through , it would lead to increased inequality in the league .
“ If employment restrictions really did bite , there would be a short supply of top talent and the big teams would be able to dominate even more , ” he said .
The FA declined to comment for the story and a spokesperson for the Premier League said : “ The Premier League does not have a public position on the UK 's membership of the European Union . ”
David Cameron has promised Britons a referendum on continued EU membership by 2017 , but the outcome of a Brexit is hard to predict because much would depend on negotiations on the terms of a new relationship between Brussels and the UK .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Spain 's goalkeeper De Gea . Photograph : Eloy Alonso/Reuters
Applying the same rules and principles used for non-EU/EEA workers would be one possible option . In this scenario it could become difficult to justify one rule for football clubs and a different rule for other industries . It would also raise questions as to whether it would be discriminatory to establish one set of rules for Europeans and another for footballers from the rest of the world .
Premier League : 10 things to look out for this weekend Read more
Szymanski said that if Britain were to leave the EU , he imagined the government would seek to negotiate a good deal for foreign footballers . “ We 've always had immigration rules that have exceptions for highly talented individuals . I ca n't imagine any government , no matter how crazy , would want to pour cold water on the Premier League , which is a hugely important export , ” said Szymanski .
The impact of any changes on Championship clubs would probably be even greater than on the Premier League , as European footballers in the lower divisions have less international experience .
What are the work visa requirements for footballers ?
A new system for assessing eligibility of foreign players for UK work visas was introduced this year by the FA with the support of the Home Office .
The new rules require :
footballers for national associations ranked between 1 and 10 of the FIFA Aggregated World Rankings to have played at least 30 % of competitive international matches ( FIFA World Cup finals , FIFA World Cup qualifying groups , FIFA Confederations Cup , and continental cup qualifiers and finals ( e.g . UEFA European Championships and qualifiers ) in the 24 months ( or 12 months for players under 21 ) before the transfer ;
footballers for national associations ranked 11-20 of the FIFA Aggregated World Rankings to have played at least 45 % of games ;
footballers for ational Associations ranked 21-30 to have played at least 60 % ;
and footballers for national associations ranked 31-50 to have played at least 75 % .
Players that meet these criteria are automatically granted a work permit . As of 11 September only 50 out of the 161 European footballers in the Premier League met the criteria .
A player that does n't meet these standards , for example one playing for a country ranked outside the top50 , such as Poland , can put an application through an exceptions panel at the cost of £5,000 plus VAT .
The panel 's points-based assessment is then made on factors such as transfer fee , a player 's salary and the number of matches played in one of the top six European leagues and in continental competitions such as the Champions League .
Although recommending that an exception be granted – even if a player has enough points – is at the discretion of the panel , most top players , such as Mangala , Mata , Nasri and de Gea , would probably still have received a work permit under the present system . A case could be made for the panel to recommend a work visa to 75 players based on the criteria it uses .
However , there are 36 Premier League footballers , 22 % of all European Premier League players , who would have struggled to meet the minimum standards set by the exceptions panel if they were to transfer to England today from their last foreign club .
The new rules are expected to significantly reduce the number of exceptions granted . According to the FA chairman Greg Dyke if this new system were applied retrospectively some 33 % of the non-EU/EEA footballers playing in the Premier and Football leagues would not have been granted a work visa based on the last five years of transfers .
Any system would probably not be applied retrospectively . However , this analysis reveals the potential impact on an industry that has become so dependant on European talent .
* Analysis does not include Irish players
Good evening ! Here 's a look at AP 's general news coverage today in Pennsylvania . For questions about the state report , contact the Philadelphia bureau at 215-561-1133 . Ron Todt is on the desk . Editor Larry Rosenthal can be reached at 215-446-6631 or lrosenthal @ ap.org .
A reminder this information is not for publication or broadcast , and these coverage plans are subject to change . Expected stories may not develop , or late-breaking and more newsworthy events may take precedence . Advisories , digests and digest advisories will keep you up to date .
Some TV and radio stations will receive shorter APNewsNow versions of the stories below , along with updates .
UPCOMING TOMORROW :
POLICE BARACKS AMBUSH
MILFORD , Pa. — A jury is expected to begin deliberations in the death penalty phase of the trial of a man convicted of fatally shooting a Pennsylvania state trooper in a sniper attack . By Michael Rubinkam . UPCOMING : NewsNow by 1 a.m. EDT , updating for final testimony , closing arguments , 500 words by 5 p.m. EST , photo .
TUESDAY 'S TOP STORIES :
POLICE BARRACKS AMBUSH
MILFORD — His fate hanging in the balance , a gunman who ambushed two state police troopers at their barracks in 2014 decided Tuesday he would not take the witness stand to try to persuade jurors to spare his life . By Michael Rubinkam . SENT : About 770 words .
UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION
HARRISBURG State auditors said Tuesday that sloppy record keeping made it impossible to determine if the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry properly spent millions of dollars in recent years on an unemployment compensation system that melted down during a funding fight . By Mark Scolforo . SENT : About 530 words .
PA CORRUPTION SCANDAL
HARRISBURG — A former Pennsylvania state legislator and revenue secretary has been granted a new trial , nearly five years after being convicted of a scheme to use legislative staff to perform campaign work . By Mark Scolforo . SENT : About 470 words .
SANCTUARY CITIES
SAN FRANCISCO — A federal judge on Tuesday blocked any attempt by the Trump administration to withhold funding from “ sanctuary cities ” that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration authorities , saying the president has no authority to attach new conditions to federal spending .
MED–PREEMIES-ARTIFICIAL WOMB
WASHINGTON —Researchers are creating an artificial womb to improve care for extremely premature babies — and animal testing suggests the first-of-its-kind watery incubation so closely mimics mom that it just might work . By Lauran Neergaard . SENT : About 800 words .
MAGGOT-FILLED FOOT DEATH
BETHLEHEM — An eastern Pennsylvania woman has been sentenced to four to 10 years in state prison on convictions of improper treatment of a man with a congenital defect who died after his foot wounds became severely infected and filled with maggots . SENT : NewsNow . UPCOMING : About 260 words .
LAKE ERIE ALGAE
TOLEDO , Ohio —Several environmental groups in Ohio and Michigan are suing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , saying the agency is n't doing enough to protect Lake Erie from toxic algae . By John Seewer . SENT : About 390 words .
EXCHANGE :
EXCHANGE-DUCK PIN BOWLING
DONORA — Tom Nobili earned a dime per game as a boy in the 1960s while manually setting pins at a duckpin bowling alley in a Donora social club . If he was lucky , he went home with $ 3 in his pocket and without bruises from wayward bowling balls while managing a couple of lanes at the American Croatian Citizens Club that was built in 1951 and survives as a time capsule to an American midcentury modern pastime . Brian Charlton , curator of the Donora Historical Society 's archives , said the duckpin bowling alley that survives in Donora is an indication the club 's members wanted to have something American-inspired in their building . “ They were doing what the elite people were doing , ” he said . Scott Beveridge , ( Washington ) Observer-Reporter . SENT : About 870 words .
IN BRIEF :
DEATH IN HOTEL LOT — A Georgia trucker accused of striking and killing his wife with his truck in the parking lot of an eastern Pennsylvania hotel has been ordered to stand trial on homicide and aggravated assault charges .
SHOTS FIRED AT OFFICER-VIDEO — A man convicted of shooting at a central Pennsylvania police officer during a traffic stop captured on video has been sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison .
AUNT SLAIN — A man has been ordered to stand trial in the shooting death of his aunt in her northeast Philadelphia row home .
BOYFRIEND SLAIN-CHARGES — A central Pennsylvania woman jailed on charges she fatally shot her live-in boyfriend last month claims she did so in self-defense .
PAROLE VIOLATION-POLICE SHOOTING — Authorities in western Pennsylvania say a man shot by police after allegedly ramming a cruiser in a Pittsburgh suburb will face charges including aggravated assault .
SLAYING OUTSIDE SPEAKEASY — A central Pennsylvania man says he was acting in self-defense when he shot and killed another man outside an illegal speakeasy in Pennsylvania 's capital .
XGR–LIQUOR PRIVATIZATION — Pennsylvania consumers could soon have far more locations to buy bottles of booze under legislation that 's passed the state House .
XGR–GUN LAWS-NRA — The Pennsylvania Senate is reviving legislation that 's designed to make it easier for gun owners and organizations like the National Rifle Association to challenge cities ' firearms ordinances in court .
XGR–GRADUATION EXAMS — More bills are emerging in the Pennsylvania Legislature to end or loosen a requirement that students pass the Keystone Exams to graduate high school .
TEENAGER SLAIN — Authorities in western Pennsylvania say a 14-year-old boy was shot and killed in a Pittsburgh suburb .
DAY CARE DEATH — The owner of a now-closed Pennsylvania day care has been charged over the death of a 3-month-old baby who was found unresponsive last year on her first day at the facility .
ODD–TOY MOOSE-POLICE — Police in Ohio have received a stuffed toy given by a child to a Pennsylvania police officer to help keep him safe .
LEHIGH VALLLEY HEALTH-MOVE — Lehigh Valley Health Network is moving 500 employees from the suburbs to downtown Allentown , the eastern Pennsylvania city where one of its eight hospitals is located .
CIVIL WAR CANNONBALLS — Workers will start removing more than 30 Civil War-era cannonballs from a construction site in Pittsburgh .
CONGRESSIONAL AIDE-SEXUAL ASSAULT — A former congressional aide convicted of sexual assault in eastern Pennsylvania has been spared jail time but must register as a sexual offender for 15 years .
CHILD-BRAIN INJURY — A central Pennsylvania woman has been sentenced to 20 to 40 years on a third-degree murder conviction in the death of her stepson almost three years ago .
KOREAN VET-HOME ROBBERY — Philadelphia police are searching for a man who followed a Korean War veteran home and robbed him shortly after the victim left a store where he bought lottery tickets .
SOCCER COACH-PREGNANT GIRL — A soccer coach at a Philadelphia-owned playground who is jailed on charges he got a now-15-year-old girl pregnant is in the country illegally and faces deportation .
PITTSBURGH HIGHWAY-TANKER CRASH — A tanker truck crash has closed the inbound lanes of a major highway into Pittsburgh , creating rush-hour detours for thousands of morning commuters .
FIRE-THREE DEAD — A state police fire marshal has asked criminal investigators to help determine what caused a Pennsylvania house fire that killed three people and several pets .
POLICE SHOOT ELDERLY MAN — Four Pennsylvania state troopers are on administrative duty while internal investigators review the fatal shooting of an armed 79-year-old man who had a history of mental health issues .
UNION LEADER-EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGES — A former union leader in Pittsburgh accused of stealing $ 1.5 million says he will plead guilty to federal embezzlement charges .
MARIJUANA TRANSPORT OPERATION — Two men have been sentenced for their roles in a plot to deliver marijuana to Rutgers University .
PHILADELPHIA MAYOR-MARIJUANA — The mayor of Philadelphia says Pennsylvania should legalize marijuana so police do n't have to expend resources on busts like the one in his city over the weekend .
TEEN SHOT — Police say a Philadelphia teenager was accidentally shot in the face by a friend who was trying to wake him for school .
SCHOOL BOARD-DRUG CHARGES — The mayor of a Pennsylvania municipality says her son resigned from the school board for health reasons , not because of pending drug possession charges .
ODD-TOY MOOSE-POLICE — Police in Ohio have received a stuffed toy given by a child to a Pennsylvania police officer to help keep him safe . SENT : 144 words .
SPORTS :
HKN–PLAYOFFS-OVECHKIN 'S MOUNTAIN
ARLINGTON , Va. — To get to their first Eastern Conference final in the past decade , Alex Ovechkin and the Washington Capitals will have to go through the Sidney Crosby and Pittsburgh Penguins , who have quite simply had their number in the playoffs . It 's a lopsided rivalry so far with Crosby owning two Stanley Cups and a 2-0 series record , but Ovechkin and the Capitals feel they 're better off for their first-round series against Toronto . By Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno . SENT : About 780 words .
HKN–PLAYOFFS-WORKING OVERTIME
After a record 18 overtime games in the first round and at least one in every series , all that extra hockey will take its toll as the playoffs continue . For the Capitals and Senators who played almost another full game , it 's a much more pressing issue than teams like the Penguins , Predators and Ducks who coasted through and will be rested . By Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno . SENT : About 790 words .
HKN–PENGUINS-GO GO GUENTZEL
PITTSBURGH — The leading goal scorer in the first round of the playoffs for the Pittsburgh Penguins was n't Sidney Crosby , Evgeni Malkin or Phil Kessel . It was a wiry 22-year-old rookie from Nebraska who uses smarts to make for what he lacks in size . Meet Jake Guenztel , who hardly seems intimidated by playoff stage . By Will Graves . SENT : About 930 words .
FBN–STEELERS-BRYANT REINSTATED
PITTSBURGH — Martavis Bryant 's yearlong suspension is over . The NFL conditionally reinstated the Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver on Tuesday , clearing the way for the talented but enigmatic Bryant to return to the team to prepare for the 2017 season . The league suspended Bryant in March 2016 for a second violation of its substance abuse policy . By Will Graves . SENT : About 510 words .
FBN–MOCK DRAFT
PHILADELPHIA — DE-FENSE , DE-FENSE . That 's going to be the area of concentration in this draft , in the first round and through much of the proceedings in Philadelphia . Indeed , the first half-dozen or so selections could come from that side of the ball . That 's often the fallout when there are no slam-dunk quarterbacks available . By Barry Wilner . SENT : About 1290 words .
BBN–CUBS-PIRATES
PITTSBURGH — The Chicago Cubs , winners of five of their last six , take on the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday . Kyle Hendricks ( 1-1 , 6.19 ) starts for Chicago against Gerrit Cole ( 1-2 , 4.70 ) . By Will Graves . UPCOMING : 700 words , photos . Game begins at 7:05 p.m. EDT .
BBN–MARLINS-PHILLIES
PHILADELPHIA — Vince Velasquez ( 0-2 ) seeks his first win since last July as the Phillies try to extend their four-game winning streak in the opener of a three-game series against the Marlins , who send Wei-Yin Chen ( 2-0 ) to the mound . UPCOMING : 650 words , photos . Starts 7:05 p.m. EDT .
___
If you have stories of regional or statewide interest , please email them to phillyap @ ap.org . If you have photos of regional or statewide interest , please send them to the AP state photo center in New York , 888-273-6867 . For access to AP Exchange and other technical issues , contact AP Customer Support at apcustomersupport @ ap.org or 877-836-9477 .
MARKETPLACE : Calling your attention to the Marketplace in AP Exchange , where you can find member-contributed content from Pennsylvania and other states . The Marketplace is accessible on the left navigational pane of the AP Exchange home page , near the bottom . For both national and state , you can click “ All ” or search for content by topics such as education , politics and business .
Today marks the beginning on Downtown Dining Week . As the name suggests , the annual event ( which actually spans eight days ) aims to highlight the various eating establishments that are strewn about Milwaukee 's downtown . However , the food-focused affair also exists as a subtle reminder of the abundance of one-of-a-kind restaurants located throughout the city…and even some of the region 's less-than-original establishments .
Anyone who has driven enough in greater Milwaukee has likely happened upon a Chinese restaurant that boldly claims to be number one ( or “ No . 1 ” ) . At one point , Milwaukee and its neighboring suburbs had eight restaurants with “ No . 1 ” in their name . Currently , the pool features seven such places , including a New No . 1 Chinese Restaurant , a Super No . 1 Chinese Restaurant , and five businesses called No . 1 Chinese Restaurant . Some are part of a franchise and some are unaffiliated . All claim to be No . 1 , but only one actually is .
Instead of chalking it up as brash marketing and letting it slide , we went to all seven No . 1 Chinese places and ordered the ever-popular General Tso 's Chicken lunch special at each , opting to dine in . After taking price , atmosphere , and food quality into account , we can confidently say we 've found Milwaukee 's number one No.1 Chinese Restaurant . Here are our findings .
No . 7 Chinese — No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 3260 S. 27th Street )
Located amid the hustle and bustle of 27th Street , this mini mall restaurant seems to heavily hinge on its delivery service , despite the five tables scattered in one of the largest dining areas of the bunch . There was no music playing during our visit ( get accustomed to reading this ) , so ambiance was left to the six staffers talking and the sizzle of deep-frying meat .
Our order ( $ 6.25 lunch special ) featured a generous portion of chicken and two broccoli sprigs served a bed of chicken fried rice . It also came with a chicken egg roll . A wealth of poultry is n't always a good thing , however . The chicken was swimming in sauce , but the meat was on the dry side once we made it past the wall of rigid breading . The chunks in our rice and egg roll had a concerning gray hue . Oh yeah , there was also a bone shard in one of our Tso pieces .
In the end , the fast , friendly service and the convenient location were n't enough to overcome the food issues we faced . Here 's your No . 7 Chinese , Milwaukee .
No . 6 Chinese — No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 7512 W. Appleton Avenue )
Out on Milwaukee 's north side , nestled between Capitol Drive and 76th Street on high-traffic Appleton Avenue is one of the No . 1 joints that—based on its logo , pricing , and strikingly similar menu art—is among the affiliated restaurants scattered around metro Milwaukee . While it shares similarities with its counterparts like the two-broccoli-piece policy , a complementary egg roll , and the utter lack of music , there are a few notable ( and mostly detrimental ) differences .
Though , again , the staff was nothing short of delightful , the space was n't exactly inviting . Amid the audible hum of coolers and fans , we placed our order : the General Tso 's Chicken lunch special ( $ 6.50 ) . The chicken-to-sauce ratio was perfect , and the sauce toted a subtle zing . The meat itself was somewhat discolored and had soft , mushy breading . The egg roll was fine , but unremarkable . Meanwhile , the fried rice was dark with grease , soy sauce , and char .
We also got a fortune cookie with the meal , which was the only good fortune our visit to the Appleton Avenue establishment awarded us . If you live in the delivery area and have a hankering for some Tso 's , go for it . If you 're thinking of eating in , know there are better places…including five restaurants with a similar name .
No . 5 Chinese — No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 2678 S. Kinnickinnic Avenue )
We first visited “ Dirty Dining ” series regular way back in 2014 , when we sought to dispel the perception Bay View 's No . 1 Chinese Restaurant was bad just because it had 30 health violations between 2009 and 2012 . Ultimately , we had a perfectly fine meal in a weird setting , then swore we 'd probably never go out of our way to return to . We were so naïve !
This time around , we found the Tso 's chicken lunch special ( $ 6.25 ) to be tangy , semi-sweet , and abundant . This was one of the few places in which we received more than two broccoli pieces , and both the poultry and vegetation came served atop a generous bed of fried rice . It , too , came with an egg roll . Like our maiden voyage at this misunderstood and maligned business , our meal was n't amazing , but not bad in the slightest . Still , it was hard to be able to see Crafty Cow , and know Vanguard and Hue were mere steps from a middle of the road place we 'll officially never go out of our way to return to .
No . 4 Chinese — No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 4501 N. Oakland Avenue )
Before Shorewood had the abundance of bars , restaurants , and…uh pretty much anything it has today , the well-to-do village had Benji 's Deli and a No . 1 Chinese Restaurant . The latter has lost its monopoly on the suburb 's collective taste buds amid growing neighborhood competition and the advent of delivery services like Postmates . Is the long-running restaurant still deserving of its cherry location in a now-vibrant Shorewood , or will the holdover from less delicious times soon to be a thing of the past ?
As it turns out , Shorewood 's No . 1 lands somewhere in between . We took a seat at one of the diminutive dining room 's three booths and took note of the framed Milwaukee Magazine “ Best Of ” issue…from 1985 . Other interior accoutrements were : boxes of fortune cookies , a buzzing cooler , stacks of to-go containers . The chicken itself ( $ 6.25 lunch special ) was slathered in a dark coat of sauce that was quite salty , even by Tso standards . The meat seemed to be of a higher quality than some of the previous entrants , but there was more broccoli than any other No . 1 , which impacted the chicken coverage . Altogether , it was okay , but in regard to the seven options , it lands squarely in the middle of the pack .
No . 3 Chinese — No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 6119 W. North Avenue )
No . 1 Chinese spread its Milwaukee empire into Wauwatosa 's welcoming and unoriginal arms before it became an unofficial local law for any moderately successful restaurant to do so . About half a block from Juniper 61 on a segment of North Avenue that 's presently rife with road work sits the smallest No . 1 . It 's more like . No . Half Chinese or something . Hey-o ! After seeking out the Tso surname on a wall-mounted menu with stock photos that were unappetizing well before they were sun-bleached , we placed our order with a woman who was equal parts direct and rude . Maybe it 's because we very well could have been the first dine-in order in the restaurant 's history .
Stern as the server was , our order ( $ 6.10 ) arrived at our table—one of just two in the place—exceptionally fast . Better yet , it was good . The chicken was crispy on the outside and had tender white meat within . Almost every chicken piece was plump . The sauce was nothing particularly outside the box , but also did n't get in the way of other aspects . The abundance of fried rice with crunchy diced onions was a nice accent , as were the fresh egg roll , the fortune cookie , and the array of sauces we were given .
Sitting alone in silence at a table overlooking suburban road construction was n't ideal , but as you 've read , we 've certainly had worse .
No . 2 Chinese — New No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 7536 W. Oklahoma Avenue )
Out in West Allis , in a small shopping plaza set on the edge of Milwaukee proper , is New No . 1 Chinese . Aside from the strikingly similar menu art ( man , these restaurateurs love the Great Wall ! ) , this location was nothing like the previous No . 1 Chinese joints we 've covered . The name is different , but that 's just the beginning . The dining area was spacious and had nine tables . Moreover , there were decorative touches like plants , lanterns , and a smiling Buddha statue was placed near the front door .
The attention to detail transferred to the food ( $ 6.25 ) as well . The chicken egg roll was among the best we 'd had at any No . 1 location . Atop a heaping bed of fresh pork fried rice that was replete with bean sprouts , peas , onions , and the now-standard two broccoli springs were chunks of juicy white meat chicken .
The poultry 's breading was on the soft and thin side , but the sauce was semi-spicy as a result of the dried pepper pieces mixed in . When the excess sauce was mixed with the rice and stuck to the chicken , it was about the most blissful someone can possibly feel while dining in silence in a West Allis mini mall .
No . 1 Chinese — Super No . 1 Chinese Restaurant ( 2016 W. Layton Avenue )
When entering this dingy establishment tucked beside a mini mart on Layton Ave , you 'd never guess you 're in metro Milwaukee 's best No . 1 Chinese place , but that 's exactly what Super No . 1 is . We waited beside a photo of the Great Wall ( see ! ) in a disorganized lineup of folks waiting for to-go orders—a good sign , right ? —and studied yet another UV-faded menu . After the other customers cleared , we placed our order and sat at one of the two tables . We immediately noticed a strange sound . It was music ! Oh , how we 've missed thee !
At $ 6.75 , Super No . 1 was the most expensive of the bunch , but it also had the best portions . The chicken was of a quality no other No . 1 could touch , and the perfectly fried white meat was touched with an underlying hint of lemon and pepper . The rice was also a standout , with huge pieces of chicken , gigantic grains , crisp onion , and dried peppers .
Best yet , it was a rare reprieve from the unrelenting gauntlet of sodium we 'd been running for nearly the entirety of this ill-fated mission . All that and the above average chicken egg roll helped excuse the two limp broccoli pieces and the substandard dine-in space . Absolutely consider takeout or delivery if you live nearby .
Congratulations to Super No . 1 Chinese for being the true No . 1 in our heart and our stomach—both of which would n't mind a break from General Tso 's Chicken for a while .
Bitcoin : happy new year or heavy hangover ? 12 January 2017
You 're already well informed about bitcoin 's rocketing price over the new year period ; it 's a roller-coaster we shared . Elated , with an undercurrent of giddy nausea , am I right ? But can we draw any wisdom from the recent price activity ? Taken in a short or long term perspective , there are many predictions to be made , but I 'm sure like me , you want to cut through the BS and see what 's really been happening . So sit down , take another Alka-Seltzer , and let 's dive into the nitty gritty that explains why you were suddenly rich for a few days last week .
Bull run in a China shop
Once again the voices of hypocrisy are raised when bitcoin forces its way into the financial discourse . In the week that saw the USD value of bitcoin reach within a hair 's breadth of its all-time high , the Financial Times decried bitcoin as a pyramid scheme . Actually , the western media 's reaction to bitcoin 's rapid ascent this week is quite telling . Since exchanges based in China account for more than 90 % of trading volume , the western financial interests are n't just up against the rise of technology , but powerful Eastern rivals .
Breaking the $ 1,000 barrier on January 1st , what was described by some as a bull run continued for a few days right up to the value of $ 1,140 – just $ 25 short of the 2013 record . The market cap also reached a significant milestone , again within mere percentage points of its previous record of £14.9bn ( not taking into account lost coins or the alleged book-cooking of MtGOX , which could mean this figure is somewhat inflated ) .
The People 's Bank of China also saw fit to issue a statement in the midst of the upsurge , calling bitcoin 's price ‘ highly volatile ' and advising its citizens to ‘ invest with rationale ' and ‘ bear possible risks on their own . ' Perhaps most interesting of all though is that the valuation reached exactly CNY8,888 before the price dropped off again . The Chinese consider 8 to be a lucky number , so what better value to cash out your profit ?
It 's also likely that China 's foreign currency exchange laws played a part in our hedonistic new year 's party . The law allows citizens to move $ 50,000 worth of Yen each year . It 's quite possible that many investors waited for the very end of the year to take advantage of bitcoin 's value , then when the new year begun , a new uptake of investment capital was waiting in the wings .
Going for gold
Gold is so ubiquitous as a measure of quality or value that it 's easy to forget its importance in financial terms . Pretty much every currency in the history of money has been either backed by gold , or made out of it . It 's the most precious and desirable of all the elements , and the one against all others ' value is measured . Why am I telling you this ? Because bitcoin 's recent run brought it to near parity with gold . In fact , in some exchanges , it exceeded parity . WHAT ? ! Hold that thought…
Bubblier than the holiday champagne ?
So wait a minute . Something that 's made of nothing , has no physical goods or materials as backing , is decried as a ponzi scheme by the mainstream financial media , and operates outside of any political jurisdiction is suddenly as valuable as gold ? ! There 's a reason so many people are n't buying it , and it 's because nobody 's buying with it . If bitcoin is ever to prove itself to be anything other than a mere bubble , we all need to start using it for its intended purpose , instead of sitting on it and waiting to get rich . I hope you enjoyed your 15 minutes of portfolio inflation . But now lets get back to the real task at hand : bringing bitcoin out of the darkness .
This article represents the personal opinion of the author and is not a recommendation to buy or sell Bitcoins .
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter , author of “ In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! ” said Saturday on Fox News Channel 's “ Justice ” that university administrators have become so “ insulated ” in regards to free speech that even Bill Maher and Chris Matthews have started questioning them .
University of California at Berkeley disinvited Coulter from speaking on campus , citing security threats .
“ It 's interesting how insulated , and fascistic university administrators have become that the people who are ideologically aligned with them , I mean , not just Bill Maher , Chris Matthews , Margaret Carlson , Robert Reich , who is a professor , worked in the Clinton administration , at Berkeley , ” Coulter told host Judge Jeanine Pirro .
She continued , “ They have become so insulated from reality , that even people on their side are sitting back saying , ‘ What are you doing , Berkeley ? We have a Constitution and a First Amendment . ' It makes it especially egregious that this is a state university , this is government action deciding which speech can be heard and which speech ca n't be heard , but any university is accepting massive amounts of money from the taxpayer . They ca n't do this . This is n't a private club . ”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
Uncle Sam wants to make government more transparent and accountable , and blockchain will be part of the solution .
At least that 's the message the Emerging Citizen Technology ( ECT ) program , an inter-agency working group within the U.S. government , is now seeking to deliver to blockchain entrepreneurs and businesses .
Today , representatives from government agencies and the private sector will convene to draft the Fourth U.S. National Plan of Action for Open Government – a set of goals and deliverables on how blockchain , artificial intelligence and smart automation can be leveraged to improve bureaucracies and bring antiquated IT systems up to speed .
According to those involved , it 's this willingness that makes the effort stand apart , since many claim work within the government is done in uneasily tapped bureaucratic silos .
Justin Herman , head of the ECT program at the U.S. General Services Administration ( GSA ) , told CoinDesk :
“ This is n't what we 'd call a ‘ participatory theater ' where we say we 're taking in the voices of people but we 're not really reading the comments . This truly is ‘ We want to hear from people ; we want ideas on the table . ' ”
Participants in today 's workshop include blockchain and non-blockchain companies , as well as groups and associations with an interest in the technology , such as the Chamber of Digital Commerce , New America and R Street Institute .
“ One of the challenges we face in the public sector blockchain community is that often people have a hard time differentiating between the federal government and regulators . People hear ‘ the government is getting interested in blockchain ' and they think regulators instead of thinking partners , collaborators or contributors , ” Herman said .
Knowledge gap
Herman sees this ideation process as important for countering the many commonly held misconceptions about the government and its approach to technology .
By leaning heavily on the wisdom of the collective blockchain crowd , he hopes to help shift the narrative so that private sector innovators think of the government as co-creators .
And this is particularly important , he believes , as the chasm grows between the U.S. government 's interest in blockchain and the institutional knowledge and understanding of the technology within the various agencies .
“ The investment is happening right now . The decisions are being made right now , and we do n't have enough partners in the private sector who can give time to just meet with federal agencies and walk them through the process , ” Herman said .
This could be problematic since taxpayers will ultimately be on the hook for clumsy or misguided federal IT solutions that do n't deliver .
“ There 's a steep learning curve . The worst thing that could possibly happen is agencies get a half idea of what blockchain is and move forward in the wrong way , ” he said , adding :
“ We 've even seen some companies trying to sell blockchain services that are n't even blockchain to agencies . ”
Action plan
As such , once the National Action Plan ( NAP ) draft document is complete , it will be opened up to the broader blockchain community for comments , suggestions and new ideas before a final version is codified .
The NAP is drafted every two years pursuant to the U.S. 's membership in the Open Government Partnership – a group of 75 countries that have committed to using innovative solutions to improve government responsiveness to citizens .
It seeks to put forth a series of “ bold and ambitious , yet achievable and measurable ” goals for how the public sector can use technology to be more transparent and accountable to its citizens , explained Herman .
Herman , who authored the most recent such report , stressed that blockchain is a hot topic in government circles . Point in case , the GSA , where Herman works , has separately begun moving forward in developing a blockchain-based prototype for IT procurement .
He concluded :
“ This will be the first time that we are elevating blockchain to the level of proposing national goals , specifically for transparency and accountable government . ”
Old computers image via Shutterstock
In what it says is a cost-saving move , the Kentucky Coal Museum is moving to solar power , according to the Associated Press . The museum is having 80 solar panels installed , which it expects will cut $ 8,000 off its annual electricity bill . The Courier-Journal writes that the museum currently spends $ 2,100 a month on electricity .
Further Reading Gallery : The cost of coal
The move seems prophetic at a time when tension between the highly polluting coal industry and renewable energy industry is high . Over the past several years , the coal industry struggled to compete with low natural gas prices , as well as plummeting costs of solar and wind energy . The Trump administration has promised to roll back regulations on the coal industry , but that 's not likely to be enough to completely counteract the economic pressures that are making coal relatively expensive to produce and burn .
The Kentucky Coal Museum is owned by Southeastern Kentucky Community and Technical College , which is paying for the solar panels . In an interview with local news station WYMT , the school 's communications director , Brandon Robinson , said “ it is a little ironic , but you know coal and solar and all the different energy sources work hand in hand . And you know , of course , coal is still king around here . ”
The Benham , Kentucky , museum is central to some of the most important coal mines in the US past and present . The museum contains a “ state of the art underground coal mine ” exhibit , which you can see by appointment , as well as a two-ton block of coal next to which visitors can have their picture taken . There are exhibits about early coal mining tools as well as a photography collection documenting the history of mining in the area . The third floor of the museum houses a portion of the personal music collection of country music singer Loretta Lynn , who sang “ The Coal Miner 's Daughter . ”
The owner of Bluegrass Solar , the company contracted to install the solar panels on the museum , told the Courier-Journal that he was as surprised as anyone when the school that owns the museum called him to talk about putting in solar panels . “ Really the first time that I sat down and was talking about it with everybody , I was like ... are you for real ? ” owner Tre Sexton said . “ They 're really going to go for this ? ”
But Sexton added that electricity cost is always a major factor for large buildings without a huge revenue stream . “ It 's like , 'This might be coal country , but I can not afford $ 600 a month . ' And that 's for a home , '' Sexton told the Courier-Journal . `` If it 's a business , God is with them , [ the bills are ] in the thousands . ”
The solar installation on the coal museum will generate 60 kW of power at maximum capacity once it 's fully installed .
In its submission to the Department of Telecommunications , Facebook has said that more than 17 million people have expressed support for its Internet.org services , via SMS and the Internet.org Facebook page . The company has made a 9.9 mb PDF with comments available via a dropbox link in its submission . A sample from the PDF :
MediaNama 's take : Facebook ran what are , in our opinion , misleading campaigns asking people to support Internet.org . As indicated in this Quartz story , it did n't give people an option to not support Internet.org , or give it a thumbs down . It was also misrepresented its Internet.org group of services as free Internet services .
Already explicitly told @ facebook 3 times I do n't support Internet . Org . Now they remove “ No ” button . # shameless pic.twitter.com/w5hIo90oOS — Brij Bhasin ( @ brijbhasin ) August 19 , 2015
Apart from this it 's important to note that the DoT never said that comments could have been sent via platforms other than MyGov :
@ nixxin @ lmirani @ mojorojo Govt did n't say FB was an acceptable medium for sending comments . Am I allowed to conduct a survey of my own ? — Aritra Das ( @ the_kindly_1 ) August 24 , 2015
Our fisking of Facebook 's comments ( pdf ) to the DoT on Net Neutrality :
Facebook : We oppose attempts by operators to block or throttle Internet traffic , or create special paid “ fast lanes ” . But net neutrality is not in conflict with working to get more people connected . We believe that the principles of net neutrality must coexist with initiatives to expand access to the Internet .
MediaNama 's take :
1 . Internet.org allows operators to block sites : When it was relaunched in May , Internet.org 's terms and conditions said that , “ Operators may decline services that cause undue strain to networks , or breach legal or regulatory requirements. ” Now they 've been modified to be far more vague : “ Submission and/or approval by Facebook does not guarantee that your site ( s ) will be made available through the Internet.org . ”
Therefore , Internet.org is n't an “ open ” platform that allows access to all of the Internet , and Facebook 's submission claims one thing , while its terms and conditions allow another .
Also read :
2 . Internet.org violates Net Neutrality : Note how Facebook positions Net Neutrality as merely being about blocking and throttling , avoiding any mention of price discrimination , which is a net neutrality issue , and has been banned in countries like Chile , Norway , Netherlands , Finland , Iceland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Slovenia , Malta and Japan . Regulators in Norway , Germany and Austria have publicly said that zero-rating infringes net neutrality . ( source : ToI and DFMonitor )
Facebook : To address the barriers of affordability and awareness , Facebook partners with local carriers to offer free basic services to people . People can browse a set of useful health , employment , search , social and local information services without incurring any data charges . These free basic services are accessible through the Internet.org app or through a simple web browser .
MediaNama 's Take :
1 . Facebook is falsely positioning Internet.org as targeting poor people : If you see the advertisement from Reliance Communications , Internet.org 's telecom partner , it targets students .
2 . Ignores the fact that there are neutral ways of providing free access : A false premiss is being created , that you can not have access without violating Net Neutrality . As Mitchell Baker , Chairwoman of the Mozilla Foundation pointed out , their partnership with Grameenphone in Bangladesh allows users to receive 20 MB of data usage for free each day , in exchange for viewing an advertisement . Ozone Networks , an Indian WiFi provider does ad-supported WiFi too . Orange and Mozilla are experimenting with a model in multiple African African and Middle Eastern markets , where users purchasing a $ 40 ( USD ) Klif phone receive unlimited talk , text , and 500 MB a month for 6 months .
Facebook : ( i ) Internet.org is not a “ gatekeeper ” and is open to all developers : The Internet.org platform is an open program that lets developers easily create services and gives people choice over the free basic services they can use . Our goal with Internet.org is to work with as many developers and entrepreneurs as possible to extend the benefits of connectivity to diverse , local communities . The guidelines for developers to use the platform are that services should encourage the exploration of the broader Internet wherever possible ; use data very efficiently ; and meet various technical specifications . You can read more at : https : //developers.facebook.com/docs/internet-org/participation-guidelines .
MediaNama 's Take :
1 . If it is open , then why do developers have to go through an approval process from Facebook and the telecom operators Why do they have to conform to Facebook 's terms and conditions , which include rewriting URL 's , removal of embedded content ? To quote the Internet.org participation guidelines : “ In order for your content to be proxied as described above , your URLs may be re-written and embedded content ( like javascript and content originating from another domain ) removed . In addition , secure content is not supported and may not load . ”
2 . According to Facebook 's terms and conditions , which are applicable to Internet.org partners they get a license for the content on partner sites :
1 . For content that is covered by intellectual property rights , like photos and videos ( IP content ) , you specifically give us the following permission , subject to your privacy and application settings : you grant us a non-exclusive , transferable , sub-licensable , royalty-free , worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Facebook ( IP License ) . This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others , and they have not deleted it .
2 . When you delete IP content , it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer . However , you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time ( but will not be available to others ) .
3 . Facebook collects data on users of their partners websites : This , the user does n't really belong to the partner , but to Facebook .
“ We collect information when you install , run or use any of our services , including the free websites and services provided through Internet.org . Please read our full Data Policy and Cookies Policy , which explain how we receive , use and disclose this info about you . ”
Facebook : ( iii ) Internet.org brings new people online faster : July 2015 in fact marks the one-year anniversary of the introduction of the Internet.org app in its first country , Zambia . We 've found that Internet.org brings new users onto mobile networks on average over 50 % faster after launching free basic services . This means that if 1,000 peoplewho were brand new to the Internet were signing up per month for mobile data services before launching Internet.org , 1,500 people sign up per month after launching Internet.org .
MediaNama 's Take :
1 . Not really bringing people online in droves in India : In fact , as per Facebook 's own data , of the 800,000 users on Internet.org in India , it said that only 20 % had never used the Internet before . This indicates that users are switching to Internet.org from paid access to the open Internet . If you see the advertising from Reliance Communications , it appears that the company is using Internet.org to pull in customers from other telecom operators , rather than get new people online .
2 . No data to ratify the claim that Internet.org brings people online 50 % faster in India . How do you even prove this ? Secondly , if you look at Internet growth data in India ( sample copy ) , we really do n't have a problem signing new users up , so far .
Facebook : ( iv ) Internet.org encourages access to the broader Internet and bridges the “ connectivity gap ” : The Internet.org business model of partnering with local carriers will be successful only if new users access the broader Internet by buying paid data 3 plans . Because local carriers ca n't afford to offer free Internet access , the program is designed only to serve as an onramp for users to the broader Internet . Our data shows that Internet.org accomplishes this goal of encouraging users to explore the wider Internet . In fact , more than half of the people who come online through Internet.org are paying for data and accessing the Internet within the first 30 days .
MediaNama 's Take : If Internet.org is a promotional scheme , then why is it permanent ? Why can a user continue on Internet.org forever ( or as long as telecom operators allow it ) , instead of being forced to switch within a week or a month ? How is it encouraging broader access to the web ? Why ca n't we choose more neutral ways of giving access , or why ca n't telecom operators just run promotional schemes offering 50 mb free Internet for everyone , like they did with SMS , where they offered users free SMS for a month ?
Everyone who follows Java knew that the Apache Software Foundation was going to resign from its nominal Java Community Process leadership position . Apache had given fair-warning that it was not going to rubber-stamp Oracle 's Java plans in November . Then , when Oracle rolled over Apache and Google 's objections to its Java plans in December , the scene was set for Apache to leave and , eventually , force a Java code fork .
There 's a long story behind why Apache , a four-time JCP `` Member of the Year '' is going with its own Java-related plans . The story actually does n't start with Oracle , but with how Sun handled the `` open-sourcing '' of Java in 2006 .
The problem 's core is that first Sun , and now Oracle , wo n't give Apache a chance to certify Apache 's Project Harmony as being Java Platform , Standard Edition ( Java SE ) compliant . Today , well , let 's let Apache speak for itself from its public statement :
The recent Java SE [ standard edition ] 7 vote was the last chance for the JCP EC [ Executive Committee ] to demonstrate that the EC has any intent to defend the JCP as an open specification process , and demonstrate that the letter and spirit of the law matter . To sum up the issues at stake in the vote , we believe that while continuing to fail to uphold their responsibilities under the JSPA [ Java Specification Participation Agreement ] [ PDF Link ] , Oracle provided the EC with a Java SE 7 specification request and license that are self-contradictory , severely restrict distribution of independent implementations of the spec , and most importantly , prohibit the distribution of independent open source implementations of the spec . Oracle has refused to answer any reasonable and responsible questions from the EC regarding these problems . In the phrase `` fail to uphold their responsibilities under the JSPA `` , we are referring to Oracle 's refusal to provide the ASF 's Harmony project with a TCK license for Java SE that complies with Oracle 's obligations under the JSPA as well as public promises made to the Java community by officers of Sun Microsystems ( recently acquired by Oracle . ) This breach of the JSPA was begun by Sun Microsystems in August of 2006 and is a policy that Oracle explicitly continues today .
Therefore , Apache continued , `` The Apache Software Foundation concludes that that JCP is not an open specification process -- that Java specifications are proprietary technology that must be licensed directly from the spec lead under whatever terms the spec lead chooses ; that the commercial concerns of a single entity , Oracle , will continue to seriously interfere with and bias the transparent governance of the ecosystem ; that it is impossible to distribute independent implementations of JSRs under open source licenses such that users are protected from IP [ intellectual property ] litigation by expert group members or the spec lead ; and finally , the EC is unwilling or unable to assert the basic power of their role in the JCP governance process . ''
Apache will get no argument from me . Oracle has run roughshod over Apache 's requests . Still , this was not an easy decision for Apache . Such a public break with Oracle is not `` The Apache Way . ''
I 'm sure though that Apache 's leadership felt like they had no choice . The only chance , if any , Apache had of getting Oracle to finally letting Apache certify Harmony as standard Java was if IBM , a long-time Apache and Harmony supporter , had stood by them . When IBM decided to join Oracle and work on OpenJDK , a competing open-source Java SE in October . Apache 's position was nearly hopeless .
Oracle was never , ever , going to change its position . Oracle is an open-source company ... so long as it directly benefits from a particular open-source project . If a project does n't contribute to Oracle 's bottom line and is n't under Oracle 's control , Ellison is n't interested in it .
What will happen now ? I see a Java fork coming . On one side , there will be the `` official '' open-source Java , OpenJDK , and on the other will be Apache with Harmony . Not long after this , Oracle will sue Apache . After all , Oracle has already sued Google for its use of the Dalvik Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) in Android . Oracle will see these as very similar cases . Eventually , the courts will get to decide how `` open '' an open-source project is when one company gets to call all the important shots .
195,270 girls tracked after receiving HPV vaccine injections ... 9.9 % ended up in emergency rooms in just 42 days
So how are these vaccines `` safe '' if they send so many people to the emergency department ?
The truth is that vaccines earn money for the medical establishment due to the medical complications they cause
Watch my videos below for more explanations behind the Vaccine Holocaust now destroying the health of our children
Beware of anyone who says `` the science is settled '' on vaccines ... they are LYING
The VACCINE HOLOCAUST explained by the Health Ranger
( NaturalNews ) A shocking new science study funded by theand published in thescience journal has found that nearly 10 percent of Canadian females end up in emergency rooms ( the `` Emergency Department '' in Canadian vernacular ) following HPV vaccine injections.The study is entitled Adverse events following HPV vaccination , Alberta 2006-2014 and is also found at this source Even more shockingly , vaccine researchers funded by the Alberta Ministry of Health declare this 10 % emergency room visitation rate to be `` low '' and `` consistent with those seen elsewhere [ with vaccines ] . `` This shocking admission unveils a highly disturbing truth about routine vaccinations given to children and teens : among those receiving them . This science paper , in fact , just confirmed all that while calling the entire phenomenon safe.In the study , authored by Xianfang C. Liu and others , 195,270 females received one or more HPV vaccine injections and were monitored for 42 days.As the study clearly states in its results , `` Of the women who received HPV vaccine 958 were hospitalized and . `` That 's 9.9 % of the females receiving the injections . Not only were 19,351 sent to emergency rooms , , meaning they endured overnight stays at the hospital to treat some serious condition . That comes to aboutNone of this is surprising to those who are aware of 75 % of vaccine recipients in a Mexican town winding up hospitalized or dead following vaccinations.Here 's a capture from the study itself , admitting the 19,351 who ended up in the Emergency Department ( ED ) .Now , consider the context in which these data are being published in a peer-reviewed science journal . We are all routinely told by vaccine proponents and `` science bullies '' who troll the internet that vaccines have no side effects . They 're perfectly safe , delivering 100 % safety and efficacy , with no risks whatsoever . As proof , check out this story : Australian Health Minister utters the most insanely stupid anti-science statement ever recorded ... 'no risks in vaccinating children ' And yet , every time we take a look at the published science -- in this case funded by the Canadian government , no less ! -- we find horrifyingly high numbers of dangerous adverse effects , emergency room visits and hospitalizations . When we point out these scientific observations , we are called `` anti-science '' by irrational vaccine fanatics who , in reality , have long abandoned anything resembling real science.Furthermore , when scientists observe these horrifying rates of hospitalizations , emergency department visits and venous thromboembolism , . Their conclusions reveal two things about vaccine science , both of which are absolutely shocking:1 ) Vaccines really are sending huge numbers of people to emergency rooms and hospitals , as is admitted in this study.2 ) Doctors and scientists consider this to be totally normal . They do not see any cause for alarm in 10 % of vaccine recipients ending up in the Emergency Department.It makes you wonder at what percentage of emergency room visits might pro-vaccine doctors finally experience alarm bells going off in their heads . What if the emergency room visitation rate were 20 % ? 40 % ? 50 % ? Would those rates also be considered `` normal '' in order to cover up the truth about vaccine damage ? Is there any point at which a pro-vaccine zealot will admit vaccines are not 100 % safe , or are vaccines supposed to be obediently believed in ato be beyond scientific and medical scrutiny ? What can we possibly conclude from all this ? 1 ) Vaccines are major revenue drivers for hospitals . The revenue generated from 19,351 vaccine recipients visiting the emergency room , even if each visit only cost $ 500 , would be2 ) When doctors or scientists say vaccines are `` safe , '' in their minds that definition clearly includes huge numbers of vaccine recipients ending up in the emergency room . This stands in great contrast to what the public hears in the claim that vaccines are `` safe . '' In the public 's mind , `` safe '' means nobody ends up in the hospital or emergency room . If automobiles were as `` safe '' as these vaccines , then 10 % of people who buy a new brand of car would end up in an accident in the first 42 days . No rational person would declare that automobile to be `` safe . `` 3 ) Government-funded scientists are incapable of reaching rational , scientific conclusions on the subject of vaccines . Sadly , government funding for scientific research -- whether carried out by the EPA , FDA , CDC , USDA or any other agency -- is . Because government wants to push unsafe vaccines for a long list of reasons discussed elsewhere on Natural News and Vaccines.news , it only funds scientists whose research supports the politicized conclusions of government.4 ) The mainstream media is engaged in a large-scale cover-up of the real dangers of HPV vaccines and other vaccines . Can you imagine the media outcry if some other product resulted in 10 % of its customers visiting the emergency room within 42 days ? If any food , dietary supplement or medicinal herb caused such a shockingly high number of ER visits , stories about it would be exploding all over the media . Yet when the culprit is a vaccine , the response from the media is aLiu XC , et al . Adverse events following HPV vaccination , Alberta 20062014 . Vaccine ( 2016 ) , Download the study PDF from the `` Vaccine '' journal at ScienceDirect . : It 's not about being a good doctor anymore ... it 's about being an obedient vaccine pusher who asks no questions but follows orders without hesitation . ( h/t touser on Youtube , with their original video . ) Click here for the video or watch here : If `` vaccine science '' is so solid , then why are they so afraid of people watching a documentary film called `` VAXXED ? '' Click here for the direct video link or watch here : Yeah , it really is a modern-day medical holocaust ... completely with `` deniers '' who ridiculously claim no children are ever harmed by vaccines ... Click here for the direct video link or watch below :
Like a fish out of water , change and uncertainty can feel life threatening . Branching out into the unknown is extremely unnerving for some , but I know from my own journey that all transformation requires us to accept uncertainty and embrace the unknown . On the other side of these changes are happiness and security . So learning to look at change as an opportunity for growth will help us in the long run .
Inspired choices are almost always motivated from the heart . When we make an inspired choice it feels expansive , exciting and loving . Desperate choices are usually ones we feel forced into . Many times they feel heavy , uncomfortable and overwhelming . The desperate decision comes from a place deep in our being that screams out , “ I ca n't take any more , get me out of this situation . ”
When it comes to making a decision , many of us are so focused on the worst-case scenario that we are paralyzed by our choices . We are terrified of making the wrong decision .
What if I told you that there is no right and wrong when it comes to making a decision ? What if every choice we make helps us learn more about ourselves ? We either learn more about what we want , or we learn more about what we do n't want . We discover our values , better understand our perceptions , and ultimately , our choices help us grow into the person we long to be . Learning to look at choices as an opportunity for growth can help us make more choices from an inspired , heart-centered place .
Here are 10 empowering quotes from my book , Find Your Happy , to help you embrace change :
1 . You ca n't leave where you are until you decide where you would rather be .
2 . Everything in life is a lesson ; if you keep repeating the same pattern , you have n't passed the lesson . We move forward in life by getting the lessons .
3 . Life does n't hurt , expectations do . Things do n't happen to us , they happen for us .
4 . You must make a choice to take a chance , or things will never change .
5 . You do n't always need a grand plan , just take a breath , let go and be open to what happens .
6 . Progress will sometimes look like a lot of failures . We have to learn what does n't work in order to get to what does . Do n't give up , you are closer than you think .
7 . There 's a difference between giving up and knowing when you 've had enough . Know when enough is enough .
8 . Setbacks are miracles in disguise . Always believe that things are working out in your favor .
9 . Your heart is to be trusted . It knows what your head has yet to figure out .
10 . When you stop chasing what your mind wants you will get what your soul needs .
To create your own happiness list grab this FREE Love Your Life to The Fullest Guide .
Henry Sanchez-Milian was nabbed sneaking across the U.S. border in August , just 13 days shy of his 18th birthday .
Had he been 18 , he might have been quickly deported back to Guatemala . But because he was a minor , he was given a court date , told to come back eventually , and released . He ended up in Montgomery County , Maryland , living with his father .
He now stands charged , along with 17-year-old Jose O. Montano , of raping a 14-year-old classmate at Rockville High School , in a case that is roiling the immigration debate and forcing a search for blame .
Some have pointed the finger at Montgomery County 's sanctuary policy , which generally protects illegal immigrants from being turned over to federal immigration authorities . Other analysts trace the situation back to President Obama 's lax enforcement policies , which allowed hundreds of thousands of young illegal immigrants to enter the U.S. and gain a foothold over the past four years .
“ That type of stuff is happening all over the country every day , ” Chris Crane , head of the labor union that represents U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents and officers , told Congress on Wednesday .
The details of last week 's deeply disturbing crime are laid out in graphic court documents .
The girl encountered Mr. Montano , whom she knew , in the school hallway the morning of March 16 . As the two spoke , Mr. Montano made sexual advances , which the girl rebuffed . Mr. Montano then pushed her inside a boy 's restroom and into an empty stall where he began to remove her clothing . Mr. Montano and Mr. Sanchez-Milian then took turns raping and sodomizing her .
Throughout the ordeal , the girl pleaded with her attackers to stop . The two men spoke to one another in Spanish , but continued .
How the two young immigrants , who could face life in prison if convicted of rape , arrived in Montgomery County is n't entirely clear . Both enrolled in the school system this fall , and due to their limited English proficiency and schooling were placed in special courses .
Before arriving in the Washington , D.C. region , immigration officials say Mr. Sanchez-Milian was apprehended on Aug. 12 by a Border Patrol agent in the Rio Grande Valley , Texas — ground zero for the surge of the tens of thousands of “ unaccompanied alien children , ” or UACs in government speak , who have made their way from Central America to the U.S. since 2013 .
Mr. Sanchez-Milian , from Guatemala , was issued a court date and released . Though he was younger than 18 , it 's unclear whether he was treated like other UACs . Under federal law and Obama administration policy , UACs are supposed to be processed quickly and released to parents , relatives or other sponsors .
A local ABC station reported that Mr. Sanchez-Milian was living with his father here , while Mr. Montano , whom court records indicate was born in El Salvador , was living with an uncle . Immigration officials have declined to say anything about Mr. Montano 's immigration status or background , citing his age .
In addition to lengthy prison sentences , the two now also face deportation , once the Montgomery County case concludes , suggesting Jose is also an illegal immigrant .
During their brief time in the D.C. region , Montgomery County police officials said neither had any run-ins with local law enforcement .
Brad Botwin , director of Help Save Maryland , a group that opposes illegal immigration , said he was saddened by news of the attack and disappointed by officials ' response . He said local officials shirked their responsibility and that their policies helped set the scene for the brutal attack .
“ The system failed this girl , and the electorate failed this young lady , ” he said .
The Obama administration 's polices on immigration opened the door for illegal immigrants to enter the country but Montgomery County officials have essentially rolled out the welcome mat for illegal border-crossers by adopting sanctuary policies that make the county a safe haven , Mr. Botwin said .
“ If my kid did n't have a polio shot they would n't allow my son or daughter to enter the school but they 're telling me they are n't screening them ? ” he said , adding that schools should at least have an obligation to determine whether immigrant students are really the age they purport to be .
Montgomery County Public Schools Superintendent Jack Smith said it is the school 's responsibility to provide an education for all young people in the county , and that it could n't conduct immigration status requests or background checks to vet prospective students .
“ We serve every student who walks through our door . We are a public school system and we serve all of our students when they come to us , ” Mr. Smith said during a news conference this week . “ It 's not only the right thing to do… It 's also the law of the land . ”
The two rape suspects , who both began classes in the county school system in the fall , were enrolled in the Multidisciplinary Educational Training and Support ( METS ) program for English language learners with limited or no previous schooling .
Schools ca n't turn away students due to immigration status , so they 've come under increasing pressure in recent years due to the surge of illegal immigrants coming from Central America , said Jessica Vaughan , policy studies director at the Center for Immigration Studies .
She said the Obama administration could have done more to combat the increase , but instead created policies that its own agents said invited more people to attempt the journey , hoping to tack advantage of lax enforcement .
Once the children were in the U.S. , the Obama administration put serious pressure on localities to make sure they ended up in schools .
“ I think this is a problem that was dumped on Montgomery County and lots of other school systems , ” Ms. Vaughan said . “ Even the decision to place them in the high schools — even that , it sounds crazy , but at least one other school system got in trouble for not mainstreaming them , faced legal action . So their hands are tied on these kids . ”
Though it 's unclear whether the two students were officially part of the UAC program , illegal immigrant children from Central America have put increasing stress on public schools across the country — and in the metropolitan Washington area in particular .
The children are usually delivered to relatives , and the District of Columbia 's surrounding counties have a high population of immigrants from Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras , which are the main countries that make up the surge .
Since the beginning of 2014 , Montgomery County has been the destination for 3,286 UACs . Prince George 's County has received 4,144 , and Fairfax County in Virginia has taken in 3,925 .
But groups that work with local immigrant communities said children who come here as immigrants , illegally or legally , deserve access to an education .
“ It is good not only for the individuals , but for the society , ” Fernanda Durand , a spokeswoman for Casa , a Maryland-based organization that helps provide resources for low-income Latino and immigrant communities . “ We would not want a situation where a whole class of people was uneducated . ”
The attack has prompted questions about whether it was 18-year-old Mr. Sanchez-Milian in the same grade as younger students . While Mr. Smith said the student “ was enrolled in the appropriate program to give him the services he needed ” and that there are plenty of 18-year-olds and 19-year-olds in the school district 's high schools , the county is reconsidering how it assesses placement of students in its various programs .
“ Certainly we will take a good hard look at how we place students , ” Mr. Smith said .
Immigrant rights advocates said the crime was a tragedy but warned against tarring all immigrants , or even all illegal immigrants , with blame .
“ This is about rape , and the case lies with prosecutors . Those who would turn it into an immigration debate are pursuing their own agenda , ” said Tom Jawetz , vice president for immigration policy at the Center for American Progress .
He said studies show immigrants — including those in the country illegally — have lower rates of criminality than native-born Americans .
A study released last week by the Cato Institute said illegal immigrants account for about 9 percent of the total U.S. population ages 18 to 54 but just 5.6 percent of the incarcerated population . By contrast , the native-born makeup 82.4 percent of the U.S. population and 91.5 percent of the population in prisons and jails .
Legal immigrants have the lowest rate of all , making up 8.5 percent of the U.S. population ages 18-54 but less than 3 percent of the incarcerated population , Cato said .
Immigrant rights activists also said the rape case should not sour Maryland jurisdictions on becoming sanctuaries that refuse cooperation with federal immigration agents .
The House of Delegates this week approved a bill to prevent prisons and jails from honoring detainer requests from ICE , which often asked for illegal immigrants to be held for pickup . Gov . Larry Hogan , a Republican , has threatened a veto .
Ms. Durand said it was unfair that anyone would exploit the attack to score political points .
“ We think the pain of these women should not be used by anyone to further their political views and to attack immigrants and to try to get immigrants out of this country , ” Ms. Durand said .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Bradley Klapper , The Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- U.S. sanctions against any country offering asylum to Edward Snowden advanced in Congress Thursday as the 30-year-old National Security Agency leaker remained in a Moscow airport while Russia weighed a request for him to stay permanently .
The measure introduced by Sen. Lindsey Graham , a Republican , demands the State Department co-ordinate with lawmakers on setting penalties against nations that seek to help Snowden avoid extradition to the United States , where authorities want him prosecuted for revealing details of the government 's massive surveillance system . The Senate Appropriations Committee approved the proposal unanimously by voice vote as an amendment to next year 's $ 50.6 billion diplomacy and international aid bill .
`` I do n't know if he 's getting a change of clothes . I do n't know if he 's going to stay in Russia forever . I do n't know where he 's going to go , '' Graham said . `` But I know this : That the right thing to do is to send him back home so he can face charges for the crimes he 's allegedly committed . ''
Venezuela , Bolivia and Nicaragua have offered Snowden asylum since his arrival at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo airport a month ago , shortly after identifying himself as the source of a series of news reports outlining the NSA 's program to monitor Internet and telephone communications . It was believed he would then fly to Cuba . The U.S. then cancelled his passport , stranding him , with Russia yet to authorize his request for temporary asylum or allow him to fly on to another destination .
Snowden wants permission to stay in Russia , his lawyer said Wednesday after delivering fresh clothes to his client . It 's unclear how long the Kremlin will take to decide on the asylum request .
Graham said Snowden 's revelations have had `` incredibly disturbing '' implications for national security .
The Obama administration says the surveillance has foiled a number of terrorist plots against the United States . It says the public outing of its programs are helping terrorist groups change their tactics .
The case also has sparked tension between Moscow and Washington at a sensitive time , less than two months before President Barack Obama 's planned talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow and again at a G-20 summit in St. Petersburg .
White House press secretary Jay Carney said Wednesday the U.S. was `` seeking clarity '' about Snowden 's status . The head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. Robert Menendez warned that `` providing any refuge to Edward Snowden will be harmful to U.S.-Russia relations . ''
The relationship is already strained by a Russian crackdown on opposition groups , American missile-defence plans in Europe and the former Cold War foes ' opposing views of the civil war between Syrian President Bashar Assad 's regime and rebels .
Ding Dong the Witch is Dead , a song from the Wizard of Oz , has sold 20,000 copies this week after anti-Thatcher campaigners encouraged people to buy it to celebrate the death of the former Prime Minister .
It is currently number four and on course for a place in the top five by the time The Official Chart Show airs on Sunday , three days before Lady Thatcher 's funeral .
The decision on whether to broadcast the song is the first test for new Director-General Lord Hall , who started in the £450,000-a-year post last week .
Friends of Lady Thatcher said the corporation would be guilty of a “ serious dereliction of duty ” if it aired the song .
While Lord Hall believes the campaign to make the song number one is “ rather tasteless ” , he has told staff it is ultimately an “ editorial decision ” .
Lord Hall has passed the decision to Ben Cooper , the Radio One controller who is paid £168,000-a-year , and his fellow executives at the station .
The row comes after the BBC was attacked over its coverage of the death of the former Prime Minister , with critics accusing the corporation of giving undue prominence to her political opponents .
Lord McAlpine , a former Conservative Party treasurer and long-standing friend of Lady Thatcher , said he was “ absolutely astounded ” that the corporation was even considering broadcasting the song .
The peer reached a £125,000 settlement with the corporation after a Newsnight investigation wrongly linked him to child abuse .
He said : “ The BBC has got to be balanced in its coverage , it is a matter of taste . In the past , the corporation has always been careful about matters of taste on important occasions .
“ They are letting the charts be hijacked for political purposes . I 'm absolutely astounded that they are even considering playing it . It 's another example of how out of control the BBC is . ”
Sir Gerald Howarth MP , a former minister and friend of Lady Thatcher , said : “ This is a serious test for Tony Hall . This is the State broadcaster and it has a duty to show good taste and decency , it is still a tradition in our country that we respect the dead .
“ People are entitled to consider and debate her record in office , but for the state broadcaster to play this song in these circumstances would be a dereliction of duty and potentially a violation of its charter .
“ Playing it would be a very serious dereliction of duty by Tony Hall . This is not just about her family or her friends . The people of this country will be absolutely disgusted if this is what they do . ”
The row came as the official guest-list for the funeral was unveiled :
• Lady Thatcher insisted that some of her greatest political foes , including Lord Heseltine and Lord Howe , will attend her funeral next week . Lord Kinnock , the former Labour leader , will not be present as he has another funeral to attend .
• Former US presidents including George W Bush and Bill Clinton and a representative of Nelson Mandela have been invited .
• Leading figures from the world of entertainment and television have been invited , including Joan Collins , Dame Shirley Bassey and June Whitfield .
• The Argentine government accused Britain of “ provocation ” by refusing to invite President Cristina Kirchner .
• Scotland Yard said it is monitoring social networking website amid fears that violent protests could erupt ahead of the funeral
The BBC has has previously decided not to broadcast songs on grounds of taste , including God Save the Queen by the Sex Pistols and Relax by Frankie Goes to Hollywood .
However , a BBC source said that because the song in itself is not offensive , a decision on whether to broadcast it will be delayed on Sunday .
Lord Hall told staff at the corporation : “ If there 's an editorial reason – saying it 's number one or the fastest riser this week – then we 'll have to re-think but as a normal human being I think it 's rather tasteless myself . ”
John Whittingdale , the Conservative chair of the Commons culture select committee , and a former aide to Lady Thatcher , said there was a clear “ precedent ” for not broadcasting tasteless music .
“ Particularly at this time , I think it would be insensitive and many people would find it offensive if the BBC were to broadcast the song , ” he said .
“ It is now very easy to manipulate the charts and get a record in without anything like the same levels of sales that were once required .
“ It is an editorial decision but my own view is that it would be better not to play it . If the record does appear in the charts it will have done so through a deliberate campaign by those who dislike Margaret Thatcher to engineer it into the charts to create exactly this kind of publicity . ”
The BBC is considering broadcasting a clip of the 1939 song and having a reporter explain why it is in the top spot . “ Many 16 to 24-year-olds are too young to remember when Lady Thatcher was in office , ” a source said .
Lord Hall was appointed to replace George Entwistle , who resigned after only weeks in the job after failing to get a grip of the Lord McAlpine and Jimmy Savile scandals .
A B.C . Supreme Court judge has overturned the B.C . Law Society referendum denying accreditation to graduates from Trinity Western University .
The university filed suit following the results of the referendum October 2014 in which Law Society members voted that graduates from TWU 's proposed law school would not be recognised .
That referendum had overturned a decision by the Law Society board ( known as the Benchers ) in April 2014 to approve accreditation for TWU graduates .
Chief Justice Hinkson ordered the October 2014 decision quashed , and the original Benchers ' decision allowing accreditation to stand .
In his judgement released Thursday , Hinkson said the Benchers had acted improperly when they allowed the LSBC members to hold the later referendum , essentially delegating the decision to the members .
Hinkson added that , even if his decision on the delegation is found to be wrong , it remains the case that the referendum `` was made without proper consideration and balancing of the Charter rights at issue , and therefore can not stand . ''
Charter rights in conflict
The TWU School of Law has yet to open its doors to its first class of students , but at the heart of the controversy is Trinity Western 's insistence that students must sign a Christian covenant that states sexual relations are to be confined within the bounds of a marriage between a man and a woman .
The procedural decision reached by Hinkson precluded a proper discussion of the conflicting charter rights between freedom of religion and equality rights , Kendra Milne , director of law reform at West Coast Leaf said in a statement .
`` It is unfortunate that this important issue , which engages fundamental rights , was not resolved in the decision and that the procedural issues in the case may cause additional delays in having these important issues determined .
`` B.C . lawyers voted twice and made it very clear that they want an inclusive profession that respects equality . ''
After the October 2014 vote , Victoria lawyer Michael Mulligan said the school 's policy is discriminatory against people in LGBTQ relationships .
`` The policies of this university are inconsistent with core values of the legal profession , insofar that this university continues to dispel or expel students for their private sexual activities , '' he said at the time .
In July this year , an Ontario court upheld the Ontario law society 's refusal to accredit TWU law graduates , but in March , Nova Scotia 's Supreme Court ruled that its province 's law society could not deny accreditation to TWU law grads ( the decision is being appealed ) .
Image caption Cats are common culprits for pet allergies
Scientists have discovered how allergic reactions to cats are triggered , raising hopes of preventative medicine .
A University of Cambridge team has identified how the body 's immune system detects cat allergen , leading to symptoms such as coughing and sneezing .
New treatments to block this pathway raise hopes of developing medicines to protect sufferers , they say .
Allergy UK says the research is `` a big step forward '' in understanding how cat allergen causes allergic reactions .
Researchers led by Dr Clare Bryant of the University of Cambridge studied proteins found in particles of cat skin , known as cat dander , which is the most common cause of cat allergy .
They found that cat allergen activates a specific pathway in the body , once in the presence of a common bacterial toxin .
This triggers a large immune response in allergy sufferers , causing symptoms such as coughing , wheezing , sneezing and a runny nose .
Cat allergies Cats are among the most common culprits for pet allergies
People with cat allergies are allergic to proteins in the cat 's saliva , urine , and dander ( dried flakes of skin )
Symptoms of a cat allergy can develop in a few minutes or take hours to appear
Some people with allergic asthma have severe flare-ups after coming in contact with a cat Your stories : 'Cat allergy made me feel like an outcast '
Dr Bryant told BBC News : `` We 've discovered how the cat allergy proteins activate the host immune cells .
`` By understanding the triggering mechanism , there are now drugs that have been designed that are in clinical trials for other conditions , such as sepsis , that could potentially then be used in a different way to treat cat allergy and to prevent cat allergy . ''
The charity Allergy UK said the research , published in Journal of Immunology , was a big step forward in understanding how cat allergen causes such severe allergic reactions .
`` Cat allergen is particularly difficult to avoid as it is a 'sticky ' molecule that is carried into every building on people 's shoes and clothes , '' said director of clinical services Maureen Jenkins .
`` It can also still be found in a home , on the walls and ceiling or fittings , even a few years after a cat has ceased to live there .
`` Therefore , this new information identifying the specific receptor interaction in the immune system could pave the way for treatments for those with persistent disease triggered by cat allergen and , in the future , potentially dog and house dust mite allergen . ''
Allergic reactions happen when the immune system overreacts to a perceived danger .
Instead of responding to a harmful virus or bacteria , it misidentifies allergens , such as cat dander , and mounts an immune response .
The research was funded by the Wellcome Trust and the Medical Research Council .
NEW DELHI : The proceedings in the 2G spectrum case were on Thursday interrupted in a Delhi court by lawyers observing a one-day strike against the delay in transferring power to lower courts to hear all civil cases irrespective of the money involved in them.As soon as Special CBI Judge O P Saini started hearing arguments on charges against Reliance ADAG senior Vice President Hari Nair , an accused in the case , the district court lawyers requested the judge and the counsel present in the court to adjourn the matter in support of the strike.The judge , however , told the lawyers , advancing arguments against framing of charges , to take a break . `` I do not want any scene in my court . You ( lawyers ) can start arguments after 11.30 am , '' the judge said.As the lawyers representing the accused in the 2G scam vacated the court , the accused themselves started putting forward their case before the judge.The lawyers are protesting against the rule in Delhi that lower courts can hear and decide a civil suit to the value of Rs 20 lakh only and other matters , which exceed the limit , are being heard by the High Court.Rajiv Khosla , Spokesperson of Co-ordination Committee of all Bar Association of Delhi said due to the complete strike , the work in all the six district courts here has come to halt . `` Advocates in all the six district courts are observing complete strike today . Not a single case is being attended by any lawyer in the district courts , '' Khosla said .
President Trump and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy committed to fighting various international threats to democratic values during a joint news conference Tuesday afternoon .
Both leaders acknowledged recent provocations from North Korea and Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro 's regime , as well as radical terrorist groups as threats to democracy in both Spain and the U.S .
`` Together Spain and the United States hope for peace , '' Mr. Trump said .
Rajoy echoed the president 's sentiments .
`` Combatting terrorism was something we talked about at length , '' Rajoy said of the working lunch he held with Mr. Trump earlier Tuesday , prior to the conference . The Spanish prime minister said that `` both countries agree '' on counterterrorism efforts , but added that they need to `` increase commitment '' in this realm .
Rajoy said that Spain has `` taken measures that have reduced the diplomatic presence '' of North Korea in his country , calling their actions `` intolerable '' and adding that `` Spain will support any political decision '' that may aid in the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula .
Mr. Trump called North Korea a threat `` to the entire world . ''
`` We 'll see what happens , '' Mr. Trump said of North Korea , without ruling out a military option against Kim Jong-un 's regime . Mr. Trump also blamed the existence of the North Korean threat on previous administrations going back a quarter century . He complained about his predecessors , whom he said `` left me a mess , '' in terms of the North . `` But I 'll fix the mess , '' he promised .
Addressing other threats from across the globe , both leaders called out Venezuela 's failing state .
`` The international community should be forceful with regards to Venezuela , '' Rajoy said .
Mr. Trump added that he hopes Spain will join the United States in `` sanctioning the Maduro regime . '' The Trump administration announced new sanctions against Venezuela and several other countries in an updated travel ban on Sunday .
`` What is happening in Venezuela is unacceptable , '' Rajoy said , adding that the country operates under an `` anti-democratic '' rule .
In days , Spain faces a referendum on Catalonian independence . The Catalonian region of Spain has been calling for independence since 2012 . The Spanish government views Sunday 's referendum as an illegal vote in violation of the Spanish constitution .
Mr. Trump stood in solidarity with Rajoy , who protested that Catalonia can not legally hold a `` valid democratic referendum . ''
`` I 'm for united Spain , '' Mr. Trump said . `` I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain , '' he later added .
During the conference , Mr. Trump also defended his recent comments on NFL players who refuse to stand for the national anthem , which have sparked a heated debate prompting responses from teams , celebrities , individual athletes and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell .
`` I think it 's disgraceful , '' Mr. Trump said .
The president also offered condolences to Puerto Rico , which has been ravaged by two serious hurricanes in the past month .
President Trump to visit Puerto Rico
He promised that `` top people '' from his administration as well as resources are being allocated to `` assist in the response and recovery '' to the `` tough situation '' on the island .
`` The recovery process will be a very , very difficult one , '' Mr. Trump said .
Mr. Trump will visit Puerto Rico on Tuesday and will later travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Rajoy arrived in the United States on Monday , marking his first Washington visit since January 2014 . Mr. Trump and Rajoy last spoke on the phone after the August terrorist attacks in Barcelona , when a van rammed into pedestrians , killing 13 and injuring 100 . The Islamic State of Syria and Iraq ( ISIS ) claimed responsibility for the attack .
Live updates from the Trump , Rajoy news conference below :
Trump on Catalonia : `` I 'm for united Spain ''
`` I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain , '' Mr. Trump said despite the region 's planned referendum for independence from Spain on Sunday .
Rajoy : `` What is happening in Venezuela is unacceptable ''
Rajoy said that Venezuela operates under an `` anti-democratic '' rule and went on to say that `` sanctions are important . ''
`` The international community should be forceful with regards to Venezuela , '' Rajoy said .
`` This is tough stuff '' Trump says of Puerto Rico
Mr. Trump marveled at `` the amount of water dropped on that island '' and said that `` top people '' from his administration are recognizing and responding to the `` tough situation '' in Puerto Rico .
`` We 're also very much involved in security , '' Mr. Trump said .
Trump : `` we 'll see what happens '' on North Korea
The president blamed previous administrations for the situation in North Korea , adding that he would not rule out military options for the regime .
Catalonia ca n't hold `` valid '' referendum on independence .
`` There ca n't be a valid democratic referendum , '' Rajoy said of Catalonia 's upcoming vote for independence on Sunday , an effort they have aimed for since 2012 .
Mr. Trump said that the United States will stand with Spain on the issue .
Rajoy is asked about North Korea
`` We all have to be forceful , '' Rajoy said in defense of democratic values against North Korea . He said that sanctions have been adopted by Spain against Kim Jong-un 's regime .
`` Spain will support any political decision '' that may put an end to the situation in North Korea , Rajoy said .
Trump defends NFL comments
`` I think it 's disgraceful , '' Trump said of NFL players who choose to kneel out of protest while the national anthem plays .
He defended his criticism of the league and its athletes , adding that he thinks the NFL should impose rules requiring players to stand for `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' as it plays prior to football games .
Rajoy : `` Combatting terrorism was something we talked about at length ''
Rajoy said that `` both countries agree '' on counterterrorism forces , but said that they need to `` increase commitment '' to double down on these efforts .
Rajoy called North Korea 's continued provocations `` intolerable '' and said that Spain has `` taken measures that have reduced the diplomatic presence '' of North Korea in Spain .
Rajoy said that the United States and Spain are jointly committed to the defense of democratic values .
Rajoy : trade is `` growing sustainably ''
Prime Minister Rajoy said that Spain is committed to sustaining and promoting the economic relationship between the United States and Spain , saying that the U.S. is one of the country 's most important trading partners .
Trump hopes for joint international democracy efforts between U.S. and Spain
Mr. Trump acknowledged Spain 's role in countering terrorist efforts across the globe . The president also called North Korea a threat `` to the entire world . ''
He also added that he hopes Spain will join the United States in `` sanctioning the Maduro regime '' in Venezuela .
`` Together Spain and the United States hope for peace , '' Mr. Trump said .
Spain is `` greatly admired '' by the United States
Mr. Trump praised the relationship between Spain and the United States . The president acknowledged Spain 's recent terrorist attack in Barcelona , which killed 13 people and injured 100 more , offering his condolences while calling for an increase in counter-terrorism efforts .
Trump : Send prayers to Puerto Rico
`` Massive effort is underway , '' Mr. Trump said of the hurricane-stricken island . He assured that resources are being allocated to `` assist in the response and recovery '' efforts in Puerto Rico , which has been devastated by two hurricanes in the past month .
Mr. Trump will visit Puerto Rico on Tuesday and will later travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands .
`` The recovery process will be a very , very difficult one , '' Mr. Trump said .
( CNN ) -- The author of a now-retracted study linking autism to childhood vaccines expected a related medical test to rack up sales of up to $ 43 million a year , a British medical journal reported Tuesday .
The report in the medical journal BMJ is the second in a series sharply critical of Dr. Andrew Wakefield , who reported the link in 1998 . It follows the journal 's declaration last week that the 1998 paper in which Wakefield first suggested a connection between autism and the measles , mumps and rubella , or MMR , vaccine was an `` elaborate fraud . ''
The venture `` was to be launched off the back of the vaccine scare , diagnosing a purported -- and still unsubstantiated -- 'new syndrome , ' '' BMJ reported Tuesday . A prospectus for potential investors suggested that a test for the disorder Wakefield dubbed `` autistic enterocolitis '' could produce as much as 28 million pounds ( $ 43 million U.S. ) in revenue , the journal reported , with `` litigation driven testing '' of patients in the United States and Britain its initial market .
Among his partners in the enterprise was the father of one of the 12 children in the 1998 study that launched the controversy , the journal reported .
In 2010 , after a lengthy investigation , British authorities stripped Wakefield of his medical license , and the Lancet -- which published his original study -- retracted the paper . He has denied any wrongdoing , and a vocal contingent of advocates for children with autism continues to support him .
Wakefield did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN . But in an interview on an internet radio site Tuesday , Wakefield again defended his research and called the BMJ series `` utter nonsense . ''
He said the patent he held was not for a test or an alternative to the MMR vaccine , as BMJ reported , but an `` over-the-counter nutritional supplement '' that boosts the immune system . And he blasted allegations that he used the cases of the 12 children in his study to promote his business venture .
`` The children were not exploited , '' he said . `` They were seen because they were sick . They had clinical referrals . They came to us . We responded to a crisis . ''
He also repeated his attack on the author of the BMJ report , freelance journalist Brian Deer , whom he has accused of being paid by the pharmaceutical industry . In financial disclosure forms , Deer has stated that he has received no such payments .
Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , said that if true , the latest BMJ allegations would indicate a major ethical breach .
`` Assuming the facts Deer lays out are correct , it is disappointing that Wakefield in his book casts aspersions on others for all their purported conflicts of interests and failures of disclosure , yet does not examine the same issues in himself , '' Wiznitzer said . `` Therefore , those who are trying to objectively evaluate the situation have up to this point not been given all the facts . ''
BMJ reported the business venture failed to launch after Wakefield 's superiors at University College London 's medical school raised concerns in 1999 about a `` serious conflict of interest '' between his research and the company formed to launch his new product .
`` This concern arose originally because the company 's business plan appears to depend on premature , scientifically unjustified publication of results , which do not conform to the rigorous academic and scientific standards that are generally expected , '' a letter stated . But the university offered him a year 's paid absence and help in replicating his original research with a larger group of 150 children in the name of `` good scientific practice . ''
The follow-up study never occurred , and no other research has duplicated Wakefield 's original findings , BMJ reported . He left the university in 2001 , and BMJ quotes his former boss as saying the school `` paid him to go away . ''
The BMJ pieces are a series of investigative reports , not a clinical study . The journal 's editor-in-chief , Fiona Godlee , said last week that of the 12 children Wakefield examined in his 1998 Lancet paper , five showed developmental problems before receiving the MMR vaccine and three never had autism .
According to BMJ , Wakefield received more than 435,000 pounds ( about $ 674,000 ) from lawyers trying to build a case against vaccine manufacturers -- a serious conflict of interest he failed to disclose . Most of his co-authors abandoned the study in 2004 , when those payments were revealed .
The now-discredited paper panicked many parents and led to a sharp drop in the number of children getting the vaccine that prevents measles , mumps and rubella . Vaccination rates dropped sharply in Britain after its publication , falling as low as 80 % by 2004 . Measles cases have gone up sharply in the ensuing years .
In the United States , more cases of measles were reported in 2008 than in any other year since 1997 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More than 90 % of those infected had not been vaccinated or their vaccination status was unknown , the CDC reported .
CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .
It 's been a busy summer at New Belgium Brewing Co . The craft brewer , which has its eastern U.S. facility in West Asheville , has hired a new chief executive officer , filling a job that has been temporarily occupied by company co-founder Kim Jordan .
On the product side , the brewery has started a new small-batch sour brew series called Wood Cellar Reserve and launched a new nationally distributed white ale that 's an extension of its flagship Fat Tire Amber .
Steve Fechheimer , who has been chief strategy officer with spirits giant Beam Suntory , will officially join New Belgium in late August , says Jay Richardson , general manager of New Belgium 's Asheville brewery and part of the team that recruited Fechheimer . The new CEO will be based at New Belgium 's original Fort Collins , Colo. , brewery , but , according to Richardson , he 'll pay a visit to Asheville by September . Fechheimer will oversee New Belgium 's nearly 800 employees , 135 of whom are in Asheville . He will also head New Belgium 's executive team , lead short-term strategy and handle day-to-day operations .
With Fechheimer 's arrival , Richardson says Jordan will return to her previous position , continuing as chair of the New Belgium board and focusing on “ long-range strategy and industry topics. ” Jordan has been pinch-hitting as CEO since the departure of Christine Perich in November .
The company went through at least 50 potential hires for the CEO job . Richardson says the selection team talked with “ no more than 20 ” of the candidates and that Fechheimer has “ the natural disposition ” that will make him a good fit with New Belgium . “ He has the experience in the alcohol industry … that 's very important , ” Richardson says . “ One of his specialties is strategy development . ”
The overall beer industry “ is showing a slight decline in growth year over year , ” Richardson adds . “ Within the craft industry , the [ sales ] growth rate we have seen over the past five to seven years is slowing. ” He notes that some drinkers are consuming more wine and spirits , and as more craft breweries continue to open , competition for customers is strong . In Richardson 's words , the choices that consumers face are “ staggering , ” especially as brewers look for flavors that the public will find appealing and new products continue to be released .
Doing its part to stay competitive , New Belgium kicked off its Wood Cellar Reserve limited brew series in July with Le Kriek Noir , a Belgian-style kriek lambic made in Fort Collins . The brewery has also added Fat Tire Belgian White , made in Asheville and Fort Collins . Brewed with Seville orange peel , ground coriander and Nugget and Cascade hops , it 's available in 12-ounce bottles , can variety packs and on draft .
Follow Tony Kiss on Facebook at Carolina Beer Guy and on Twiter at @ BeerGuyTK
Bethesda quietly released a patch for Fallout 3 today . The only thing that seems to be in the patch is the achievements for the Broken Steel DLC . If the past two updates are any indication , a release date for Broken Steel , the final DLC should be announced sometime next week .
I 'll be keeping a close eye on this to get you the release date as soon as possible .
Hopefully this DLC wo n't have problems similar to the ill fated XBL version of The Pitt .
According to Bethesda expect the following :
Higher level enemies
Level Cap raised to 30
New Armor
New Quest
Altered ending
Six new achievements
and much more
More information can be found at the Fallout wiki :
http : //fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Broken_Steel
For those of you who have n't played the original classic Fallout games , Good Old Games has them DRM free , and for the nice price of $ 5.99 . Be warned though , they 're very different than Fallout 3 , but just as , if not more satisfying .
Good Old Games ' Fallout page
[ tags ] Fallout 3 , Bethesda , Broken Steel , Good Old Games [ /tags ]
Share . Story penned by webcomic author Zach Weinersmith . Story penned by webcomic author Zach Weinersmith .
Stick It To The Man developer Zoink has announced their next game , Zombie Vikings .
Dubbed a `` story-brawler '' , Zombie Vikings is a cooperative game for up to four players . The story , penned by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal Comics creator Zach Weinersmith , follows four undead vikings on a mission to find the Norse god Odin 's missing eye .
Exit Theatre Mode
Zombie Vikings is set to be released sometime in 2015 for PlayStation 4 and PC . While a Vita version is not in the cards just yet , game director Klaus Lyngeled says the studio is `` hoping to one day '' to develop the game for the handheld .
IGN compared Zoink 's last game , Stick It To The Man , to a Tim Schafer game , calling it `` the complete package '' .
Lauren Puga is a freelancer for IGN . You can follow her on Twitter @ kittentarantino .
Edelrid
21st March , 2013 This has been read 23,905 times announcement by21st March , 2013 Price : £30 ( Mega Jul ) / £25 ( Micro Jul ) Brands :
Edelrid Product News at UKC presents climbing , walking and mountaineering equipment posts that will be of interest to our readers . They are not gear reviews and are provided by companies that advertise with UKClimbing Limited . Price : Brands :
Mega Jul
Micro Jul
Both devices are suitable for belaying a lead climber , bringing up two seconds or abseiling , with high levels of braking performance to assist the belayer in the event of a leader fall . The unit can be released using a karabiner , when bringing up a partner , by using the small eyelet and rope can be paid out faster by holding the device in the 'open ' position with the thumb or a karabiner .
As both the Mega Jul and Micro Jul operate differently from other belay devices on the market , Edelrid have produced a video , which demonstrates the operation of both devices in various modes . See below . There 's also a UKC Video on the Micro Jul below .
This video is blocked because you have disabled Statistics cookies
Please This video is blocked because you have disabled Statistics cookiesPlease enable them to view the content
( RNS ) In evangelical families like the one I grew up in , conservative meant good and liberal meant evil . We conservatives were on “ God 's side , ” and “ they ” were of the devil . That 's what many of us were taught and that 's what we believed . Many still believe it .
Katy Perry comes from the same conservative evangelical background I do . That may come as a surprise to anyone who saw her singing in places like the Democratic National Convention and speaking in support of Hillary Clinton . ( Attending such events is not on the bucket list of anyone from our background . )
I do n't know the details of Perry 's breakup with political conservatism , but I spent over 20 years as an evangelical pastor , and the more deeply I engaged with the life and teaching of Jesus at the heart of my faith , the less enamored I became with the political project to which evangelicalism was giving its soul . I felt increasingly out of sync with an evangelical community more concerned with conservative politics than the compassion of Christ .
How else do we explain why nearly 80 percent of white evangelicals currently embrace the candidacy of Donald Trump , whose way of life and values could not be more opposite to their own ? How else can we explain their visceral disgust with Hillary Clinton who , whatever her flaws , is a committed Methodist Christian who grew up in Sunday school , started out as a young Republican , and was drawn into social justice concerns through the influence of a youth pastor ?
Katy Perry and Donald Trump … They 've got me thinking about 10 reasons I have had to part company with the Conservative Evangelical Project :
1 . I want to associate with people who are respectful and treat others , even their opponents , with basic human decency and civility .
Too many conservative leaders have become increasingly disrespectful to the point of being rude , crude and mean-spirited . It 's become impossible to ignore — from Rep. Joe Wilson , R-S.C. , shouting “ You lie ! ” during the president 's State of the Union address to Donald Trump reaching historic lows with name-calling , crude insults , genital braggadocio , and violent rhetoric .
2 . I ca n't support regressive thinking that longs for a time when life was worse for nearly everybody except people like me .
Whether you like President Barack Obama or not , former religious right activist Frank Schaeffer told the ugly truth about contemporary conservatism : It has carried out a vicious “ slow motion lynching ” of our first African-American president . Today 's conservatives have been undermining voting rights for minorities , vilifying immigrants , scapegoating LGBTQ people , and resurrecting white privilege and white supremacy to maintain systemic injustice . One simple word in Trump 's campaign slogan — “ again ” – harkens back to a time of deep discrimination against everyone who does n't look like or pray like me .
3 . I wo n't be pandered to or manipulated based on religious self-interest or bigotry .
Today 's conservatives support a frightening array of proposals that go against our Constitution 's call for “ equal protection ” : banning people from entering the country based on religion , mass surveillance of communities based on religion and creating registries of people based on religion .
4 . I am drawn to policies that support conquering poverty , not perpetuating it .
When I began to understand the complex causes and conditions that trap people in poverty , I better understood the need for quality education , nutrition , health care , child care , occupational safety , fair pay , racial equity , and public transportation . I became increasingly drawn to leaders who work to reduce poverty by reducing teen pregnancy , addiction , family breakdown , domestic violence , gangs , mass incarceration , and untreated mental illnesses . In short , the more I became committed to poverty reduction , the more I saw how conservatism keeps people trapped in poverty .
5 . I can not support the massive transfer of wealth from the poor and middle classes to the rich .
Conservatives often complain that liberals want to transfer wealth , but the fact is , for decades conservatives have supported a massive transfer of wealth to those who need it least . They have long promised that if we just help the rich through tax cuts , deregulation , and undermining worker rights , the benefits would “ trickle down ” to the rest of us . When I was younger , I was naive enough to believe this kind of voodoo economics , but with age I 've come to see that all that actually trickles down is a toxic slurry of pollution , unemployment , crumbling infrastructure and economic inequality that is pummeling Americans , regardless of race or religion .
6 . I have grown so tired of being misinformed and manipulated about abortion .
Here are the facts : Abortion rates went up under former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W . Bush , then down under Bill Clinton , remained level during George W. Bush and have fallen about 13 percent during the Obama administration . There were 29 abortions per 1000 women aged 15-44 in the Reagan years , and the number has dropped to 16 today . As evangelical-born writer Rachel Held Evans has said , criminalizing abortion only reduces its safety , not its incidence .
The conservative culture war on abortion has failed . Its “ baby-killer/women-hater ” rhetoric has polarized and paralyzed us for decades . If we want to reduce abortion , we must focus on policies that have been proven to do so : better education , health care , and wages — which , it turns out , are policies that also improve women 's lives and strengthen families .
7 . I care about the health of the earth .
My faith leads me to support environmental policies that build a cleaner , more sustainable and ultimately more profitable future . When I hear conservative candidates talk about shutting down the Environmental Protection Agency and getting rid of government regulations that protect the environment , I wonder how many more Flint-style water crises there will be , how many more Gulf oil spill disasters there will be , how many more inches ( or feet ! ) the sea will rise , and how much national and global instability will result . I 'm no fan of big government , but conservatives argue for shrinking government to a size that it can no longer hold big business accountable as it plunders our one and only beautiful planet earth for short-term profit and long-term disaster .
8 . I wo n't feed terrorism .
Too few conservatives seem to understand the simple strategy of terrorism : use inexpensive , unpredictable , and highly visible attacks to instill fear among rich and powerful nations to entice them to bankrupt themselves financially and morally through endless and unwinnable wars . When conservatives advocate for “ bomb the hell out of them , ” “ waterboarding ” and “ carpet-bombing ” strategies to beat terrorism , they are foolishly marching us right into the trap the terrorists have set .
9 . I am sincerely concerned about Trump 's base .
A good friend of mine , a Trump supporter , said this to me the other day : “ Whatever you think of Trump , white men like me feel like we 've lost a lot . We 're everybody 's whipping boy . We 're tired of being disrespected . Trump gets that. ” I think there are millions of Americans , many of them white and working class , who feel like my friend . Their jobs were shipped overseas . They 've been hurt by an economy that aggregates wealth at the very top . They 've fallen between the cracks of a dysfunctional Congress so divided that it gets next to nothing done . Sadly , beyond stirring them up with angry speeches , once Trump gets what he wants from them — their vote — he 'll leave them even worse off and therefore angrier . We need actual policies that will help them build a better future , not vain promises about returning to the past .
10 . I believe in the power of love , not the love of power .
I understand that millions of Americans are pumped up by Trump 's talk about being tough , his “ punch him in the face ” bluster , his disgust with a free press , and his glib praise of dictators and torture . But my faith leads me to see true greatness in service and true power in love , self-control , and neighborliness — not domination , reactivity , and revenge . Trump 's love of power may have served him well in business and entertainment , but in political leadership , it will be his Achilles ' heel , and his reactivity and lack of humility will make him chaotic and dangerous .
Not only that , but supporting a crude , angry , unaccountable and self-indulgent leader sets a terrible example for our children and grandchildren . And if conservatives reward Trump with a victory , can you imagine what the next generation of conservative politicians will be like ?
Listen , I do n't always agree with everything that goes under the label of progressive , and progressives need to be way more effective at communicating and implementing their best ideas . But I can not support any party or candidate — local , state , federal or presidential — characterized by mean-spiritedness , bigotry , unfairness , carelessness toward the poor , funneling wealth to the richest , undermining abortion reduction , destroying our fragile planet , playing into the hands of terrorists , exploiting the anger of suffering people , and being driven more by the love of power than the power of love .
Any one or two of these reasons would have been sufficient to lead me away from voting conservative . All of them together make me a consistent and passionate progressive voter in this election , win or lose … not in spite of my Christian faith , but because of it .
To all who come from the conservative evangelical heritage Katy Perry and I share , I would say this : Your pastors , parents , or radio/TV preachers may not grant you permission to break up with conservatism , but you have it anyway .
Permission is granted by your conscience .
( Brian McLaren is an author , speaker , and networker among innovative faith leaders . His fifteenth book , The Great Spiritual Migration , will be released September 2016 . He is an Auburn Senior Fellow and board chair of Convergence Network . )
It 's official . Pluto just keeps getting weirder .
Last July the space probe New Horizons made humanity 's first flyby of Pluto and glimpsed a world stranger and far more complex than anyone had imagined . Rather than dull and dead , the dwarf planet is smattered with odd geographical features and , somehow , ongoing geological activity . Today , we 've learned even more about this weird world and its moons from the scientists trying to make sense of the discovery , who published the first detailed analysis of Pluto 's landscape , atmosphere , moons , chemistry , and its surprising interaction with solar wind . Outlined in five new papers published in the journal Science , scientists have their first hints at the origin of mysteriously complex landscape .
`` It turned out to be really crazy . ''
`` This was the human race 's first visit to a planetary body living out in the Kuiper Belt , [ the region beyond Neptune ] , so it 's an entirely new class of world , '' says Bill McKinnon , an astrophysicist at the University of Washington in St. Louis and deputy lead of the New Horizons Geology , Geophysics and Imaging team . `` It turned out to be really crazy . ''
Pluto and its satellites H.A . Weaver et . al .
Alien Ice
McKinnon co-authored the paper in today 's batch that 's an overview of the menagerie of geographical features found on Pluto . As McKinnon will tell you , there are a lot .
`` Pluto has possible cryovolcanoes , cratered plains , crater-free frozen planes , rugged plains , etched and pitted canyons , glacial erosion , glacially suspended terrain , upright blades of ice , mountain ridges , motion flow-lines around obstacles , wall-to-wall craters covered with some red material that may be methane ice baked by radiation , broken assemblages of water-ice crust assembled together like logs in a jam , big bands of land that are tracked with what looks like the arms of saguaro cactus , '' McKinnon says . `` Should I keep going ? ''
He says these features place Pluto , once considered just a lonely ice-ball in the dark , on par with Mars ( and second only to Earth ) in terms of geological complexity . So what 's causing Pluto 's wacky , varied landscape ?
New Horizons has shown that Pluto is continually shaped and carved by ices—not just water ice , `` but some quite exotic , '' says McKinnon . Carbon dioxide ice , methane ice , and different nitrogen ices are present . These various ices have a wide range of melting , freezing , and evaporating temperatures . The way that they move about in the extreme cold at different layers of Pluto 's surface —through melting , slipping , glaciating , and chemically transitioning straight from solid to gas—is an alien process to us , but one that cam at least partially explain why Pluto looks the way it does , and keeps changing .
`` We 're only just now learning how these different ices work at these extremely low temperatures , '' says Fran Bagenal , an astrophysicist and New Horizons ' team leader at the University of Colorado . `` This is a world radically different than anything we 've seen before , so how these extremely cold ices can flow or not flow , or , say , form big chunky surfaces that act like rock , it 's all new . ''
`` Pluto has possible cryovolcanoes , cratered plains , rugged plains , etched and pitted canyons , glacial erosion , glacially suspended terrain , upright blades of ice ... Should I keep going ? ''
Unknown Engine
Not all of Pluto 's wild landscape can be described by shifting ices , McKinnon says . Something else gives Pluto the energy to form features that could be cryovolcanoes—volcanoes that spew cold liquids and snows . That same something is keeping the entire dwarf planet active enough that it effectively erases new craters within10 million years . What that is , `` we just do n't know , '' McKinnon , `` it 's just that nature has figured out ways of doing surprising things with icy worlds that we just did n't anticipate , and ca n't yet explain . ''
Hints may lie in today 's exceptional new history of Charon , another of the new studies . As McKinnon explains , Charon has essentially two planes on its surface . One is craggy and covered with old craters , while the other is newly smooth . Scientists now believe that Charon was once holding in a liquid ocean ( but not a water ocean ) , which at some point froze and punctured Charon like a water balloon . As that liquid spewed out , its wiped part of the moon 's surface smooth with a fresh glaze of ice—which explains Charon 's duality , its jagged and smooth halves .
Mysteries Galore
Today brought another Pluto surprise : The atmosphere is far , far smaller than anticipated . `` We were expecting an atmosphere about 100 times larger than we ended up seeing , '' says Bagenal .
H.A . Weaver et . al .
Scientists now know that this size disparity is because the atmosphere is `` much colder and so much more tightly confined to Pluto , '' she says . Originally the researchers thought that because of Pluto 's weak gravity , the atmosphere would easily heat up and expand due to oncoming solar wind , and be rapidly whisked away . That was not the case . But why the atmosphere is so cold , and clings so tightly , is anyone 's guess . Yet another mystery .
Bagenal also led a research group which studied Pluto 's interaction with solar wind . Data on this was collected as New Horizon flew behind Pluto—essentially in the minor planet 's wake as Pluto eclipsed the sun . Because the wispy atmosphere was far smaller than anticipated , the research group discovered that Pluto barely interacts with solar wind ( and other energetic particles that blast from the Sun ) .
The New Horizons probe also carried a dust measuring instrument meant to collect samples during the Pluto flyby . Today Bagenal reports that in the five days surrounding the fly-by New Horizons reported one dust particle . One . So , it 's pretty clean out there .
Both Bagenal and McKinnon are emphatic that Pluto still holds many more secrets and discoveries—indeed , the New Horizons probe is still beaming back information from its fly-by . `` And this is just a taste of what we can possibly find out further in our solar system and the universe , '' says McKinnon .
According to the Big Bang model , the universe expanded from an extremely dense and hot state and continues to expand today . A common analogy explains that space itself is expanding , carrying galaxies with it , like spots on an inflating balloon . The graphic scheme above is an artist 's concept illustrating the expansion of a portion of a flat universe .
The history of the Big Bang theory began with the Big Bang 's development from observations and theoretical considerations . Much of the theoretical work in cosmology now involves extensions and refinements to the basic Big Bang model .
Ancient philosophy and medieval temporal finitism [ edit ]
In medieval philosophy , there was much debate over whether the universe had a finite or infinite past ( see Temporal finitism ) . The philosophy of Aristotle held that the universe had an infinite past , which caused problems for medieval Jewish and Islamic philosophers who were unable to reconcile the Aristotelian conception of the eternal with the Abrahamic view of creation . [ 1 ] As a result , a variety of logical arguments for the universe having a finite past were developed by John Philoponus , Al-Kindi , Saadia Gaon , Al-Ghazali and Immanuel Kant , among others . [ 2 ]
In his 1225 treatise De Luce ( On Light ) , English theologian Robert Grosseteste explored the nature of matter and the cosmos . He described the birth of the universe in an explosion and the crystallization of matter to form stars and planets in a set of nested spheres around Earth . De Luce is the first attempt to describe the heavens and Earth using a single set of physical laws . [ 3 ]
In 1610 , Johannes Kepler used the dark night sky to argue for a finite universe . Seventy-seven years later , Isaac Newton described large-scale motion throughout the universe .
The description of a universe that expanded and contracted in a cyclic manner was first put forward in a poem published in 1791 by Erasmus Darwin . Edgar Allan Poe presented a similar cyclic system in his 1848 essay titled Eureka : A Prose Poem ; it is obviously not a scientific work , but Poe , while starting from metaphysical principles , tried to explain the universe using contemporary physical and mental knowledge . Ignored by the scientific community and often misunderstood by literary critics , its scientific implications have been reevaluated in recent times .
According to Poe , the initial state of matter was a single `` Primordial Particle '' . `` Divine Volition '' , manifesting itself as a repulsive force , fragmented the Primordial Particle into atoms . Atoms spread evenly throughout space , until the repulsive force stops , and attraction appears as a reaction : then matter begins to clump together forming stars and star systems , while the material universe is drawn back together by gravity , finally collapsing and ending eventually returning to the Primordial Particle stage in order to begin the process of repulsion and attraction once again . This part of Eureka describes a Newtonian evolving universe which shares a number of properties with relativistic models , and for this reason Poe anticipates some themes of modern cosmology . [ 4 ]
Early 20th century scientific developments [ edit ]
Observationally , in the 1910s , Vesto Slipher and later , Carl Wilhelm Wirtz , determined that most spiral nebulae ( now correctly called spiral galaxies ) were receding from Earth . Slipher used spectroscopy to investigate the rotation periods of planets , the composition of planetary atmospheres , and was the first to observe the radial velocities of galaxies . Wirtz observed a systematic redshift of nebulae , which was difficult to interpret in terms of a cosmology in which the universe is filled more or less uniformly with stars and nebulae . They were n't aware of the cosmological implications , nor that the supposed nebulae were actually galaxies outside our own Milky Way . [ citation needed ]
Also in that decade , Albert Einstein 's theory of general relativity was found to admit no static cosmological solutions , given the basic assumptions of cosmology described in the Big Bang 's theoretical underpinnings . The universe ( i.e. , the space-time metric ) was described by a metric tensor that was either expanding or shrinking ( i.e. , was not constant or invariant ) . This result , coming from an evaluation of the field equations of the general theory , at first led Einstein himself to consider that his formulation of the field equations of the general theory may be in error , and he tried to correct it by adding a cosmological constant . This constant would restore to the general theory 's description of space-time an invariant metric tensor for the fabric of space/existence . The first person to seriously apply general relativity to cosmology without the stabilizing cosmological constant was Alexander Friedmann . Friedmann derived the expanding-universe solution to general relativity field equations in 1922 . Friedmann 's 1924 papers included `` Über die Möglichkeit einer Welt mit konstanter negativer Krümmung des Raumes '' ( About the possibility of a world with constant negative curvature ) which was published by the Berlin Academy of Sciences on 7 January 1924 . [ 5 ] Friedmann 's equations describe the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker universe .
In 1927 , the Belgian Catholic priest Georges Lemaître proposed an expanding model for the universe to explain the observed redshifts of spiral nebulae , and calculated the Hubble law . He based his theory on the work of Einstein and De Sitter , and independently derived Friedmann 's equations for an expanding universe . Also , the red shifts themselves were not constant , but varied in such manner as to lead to the conclusion that there was a definite relationship between amount of red-shift of nebulae , and their distance from observers . [ citation needed ]
In 1929 , Edwin Hubble provided a comprehensive observational foundation for Lemaître 's theory . Hubble 's experimental observations discovered that , relative to the Earth and all other observed bodies , galaxies are receding in every direction at velocities ( calculated from their observed red-shifts ) directly proportional to their distance from the Earth and each other . In 1929 , Hubble and Milton Humason formulated the empirical Redshift Distance Law of galaxies , nowadays known as Hubble 's law , which , once the redshift is interpreted as a measure of recession speed , is consistent with the solutions of Einstein 's General Relativity Equations for a homogeneous , isotropic expanding space . The isotropic nature of the expansion was direct proof that it was the space ( the fabric of existence ) itself that was expanding , not the bodies in space that were simply moving further outward and apart into an infinitely larger preexisting empty void . It was this interpretation that led to the concept of the expanding universe . The law states that the greater the distance between any two galaxies , the greater their relative speed of separation . This discovery later resulted in the formulation of the Big Bang model . [ citation needed ]
In 1931 , Lemaître proposed in his `` hypothèse de l'atome primitif '' ( hypothesis of the primeval atom ) that the universe began with the `` explosion '' of the `` primeval atom '' — what was later called the Big Bang . Lemaître first took cosmic rays to be the remnants of the event , although it is now known that they originate within the local galaxy . Lemaître had to wait until shortly before his death to learn of the discovery of cosmic microwave background radiation , the remnant radiation of a dense and hot phase in the early universe . [ 6 ]
Big Bang theory vs . Steady State theory [ edit ]
Hubble 's Law suggested that the universe was expanding , contradicting the cosmological principle whereby the universe , when viewed on sufficiently large distance scales , has no preferred directions or preferred places . Hubble 's idea allowed for two opposing hypotheses to be suggested . One was Lemaître 's Big Bang , advocated and developed by George Gamow . The other model was Fred Hoyle 's Steady State theory , in which new matter would be created as the galaxies moved away from each other . In this model , the universe is roughly the same at any point in time . It was actually Hoyle who coined the name of Lemaître 's theory , referring to it as `` this 'big bang ' idea '' during a radio broadcast on 28 March 1949 , on the BBC Third Programme . It is popularly reported that Hoyle , who favored an alternative `` steady state '' cosmological model , intended this to be pejorative , but Hoyle explicitly denied this and said it was just a striking image meant to highlight the difference between the two models . [ 7 ] Hoyle repeated the term in further broadcasts in early 1950 , as part of a series of five lectures entitled The Nature of The Universe . The text of each lecture was published in The Listener a week after the broadcast , the first time that the term `` big bang '' appeared in print . [ 8 ] As evidence in favour of the Big Bang model mounted , and the consensus became widespread , Hoyle himself , albeit somewhat reluctantly , admitted to it by formulating a new cosmological model that other scientists later referred to as the `` Steady Bang '' . [ 9 ]
1950 to 1990s [ edit ]
Comparison of the predictions of the standard Big Bang model with experimental measurements . The power spectrum of the cosmic microwave background radiation anisotropy is plotted in terms of the angular scale ( or multipole moment ) ( top ) .
From around 1950 to 1965 , the support for these theories was evenly divided , with a slight imbalance arising from the fact that the Big Bang theory could explain both the formation and the observed abundances of hydrogen and helium , whereas the Steady State could explain how they were formed , but not why they should have the observed abundances . However , the observational evidence began to support the idea that the universe evolved from a hot dense state . Objects such as quasars and radio galaxies were observed to be much more common at large distances ( therefore in the distant past ) than in the nearby universe , whereas the Steady State predicted that the average properties of the universe should be unchanging with time . In addition , the discovery of the cosmic microwave background radiation in 1964 was considered the death knell of the Steady State , although this prediction was only qualitative , and failed to predict the exact temperature of the CMB . ( The key big bang prediction is the black-body spectrum of the CMB , which was not measured with high accuracy until COBE in 1990 ) . After some reformulation , the Big Bang has been regarded as the best theory of the origin and evolution of the cosmos . Before the late 1960s , many cosmologists thought the infinitely dense and physically paradoxical singularity at the starting time of Friedmann 's cosmological model could be avoided by allowing for a universe which was contracting before entering the hot dense state , and starting to expand again . This was formalized as Richard Tolman 's oscillating universe . In the sixties , Stephen Hawking and others demonstrated that this idea was unworkable , [ citation needed ] and the singularity is an essential feature of the physics described by Einstein 's gravity . This led the majority of cosmologists to accept the notion that the universe as currently described by the physics of general relativity has a finite age . However , due to a lack of a theory of quantum gravity , there is no way to say whether the singularity is an actual origin point for the universe , or whether the physical processes that govern the regime cause the universe to be effectively eternal in character .
Through the 1970s and 1980s , most cosmologists accepted the Big Bang , but several puzzles remained , including the non-discovery of anisotropies in the CMB , and occasional observations hinting at deviations from a black-body spectrum ; thus the theory was not very strongly confirmed .
1990 onwards [ edit ]
Huge advances in Big Bang cosmology were made in the 1990s and the early 21st century , as a result of major advances in telescope technology in combination with large amounts of satellite data , such as COBE , the Hubble Space Telescope and WMAP .
In 1990 , measurements from the COBE satellite showed that the spectrum of the CMB matches a 2.725 K black-body to very high precision ; deviations do not exceed 2 parts in 7005100000000000000♠100000 . This showed that earlier claims of spectral deviations were incorrect , and essentially proved that the universe was hot and dense in the past , since no other known mechanism can produce a black-body to such high accuracy . Further observations from COBE in 1992 discovered the very small anisotropies of the CMB on large scales , approximately as predicted from Big Bang models with dark matter . From then on , models of non-standard cosmology without some form of Big Bang became very rare in the mainstream astronomy journals .
In 1998 , measurements of distant supernovae indicated that the expansion of the universe is accelerating , and this was supported by other observations including ground-based CMB observations and large galaxy redshift surveys . In 1999-2000 , the BOOMERanG and Maxima balloon-borne CMB observations showed that the geometry of the universe is close to flat , then in 2001 the 2dFGRS galaxy redshift survey estimated the mean matter density around 25-30 percent of critical density .
From 2003 to 2010 , NASA 's WMAP spacecraft took very detailed pictures of the universe by means of the cosmic microwave background radiation . The images can be interpreted to indicate that the universe is 13.7 billion years old ( within one percent error ) and that the Lambda-CDM model and the inflationary theory are correct . No other cosmological theory can yet explain such a wide range of observed parameters , from the ratio of the elemental abundances in the early universe to the structure of the cosmic microwave background , the observed higher abundance of active galactic nuclei in the early universe and the observed masses of clusters of galaxies . [ citation needed ]
In 2013 and 2015 , ESA 's Planck spacecraft released even more detailed images of the cosmic microwave background , showing consistency with the Lambda-CDM model to still higher precision .
Much of the current work in cosmology includes understanding how galaxies form in the context of the Big Bang , understanding what happened in the earliest times after the Big Bang , and reconciling observations with the basic theory . Cosmologists continue to calculate many of the parameters of the Big Bang to a new level of precision , and carry out more detailed observations which are hoped to provide clues to the nature of dark energy and dark matter , and to test the theory of General Relativity on cosmic scales .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Julie Bishop to become acting prime minister in Malcolm Turnbull 's absence
Updated
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Malcolm Turnbull says Julie Bishop will be acting PM in his absence ( ABC News )
Deputy Liberal leader Julie Bishop will be the acting prime minister during Malcolm Turnbull 's upcoming visit to Israel .
Key points : There will be no deputy prime minister until after the New England by-election
Julie Bishop to be acting prime minister — a role normally filled by a Nationals member
Turnbull says Scullion is not annoyed at being overlooked in favour of Bishop
The High Court yesterday dumped Nationals leader Barnaby Joyce from the Parliament because he was a dual citizen at the last election .
With the court also ejecting deputy Nationals leader Fiona Nash , Cabinet this morning discussed who should fill in from Monday .
Mr Turnbull said the `` special interim circumstances '' meant the junior Coalition partner would miss out on the role .
`` Barnaby Joyce remains the leader of the federal Nationals but , of course , he is not currently in the Parliament , '' Mr Turnbull said .
`` Therefore the normal order of precedence in terms of acting prime minister falls to Julie Bishop as the deputy leader of the Liberal Party and Foreign Minister . ''
Indigenous Affairs Minister Nigel Scullion is the most senior remaining Nationals politician .
Some Nationals wanted him to take the post , given the party traditionally takes the role when a Liberal PM is abroad .
But the Government confirmed it would leave the role of deputy prime minister vacant until after Mr Joyce 's December 2 by-election , meaning Ms Bishop was next in line .
Some Liberals were also furious the regional party had caused the Government 's citizenship mess .
Mr Turnbull said the Northern Territory senator was `` absolutely in support of this arrangement '' , and dismissed suggestions he was annoyed at the smaller party .
`` I love the Coalition , '' Mr Turnbull declared .
`` When times get tough , that 's when you put your arms around your mates , you look after them . ''
Acting Labor leader Tanya Plibersek said it was extraordinary it took nearly 24 hours to sort out the acting prime ministership .
`` This is chaos , '' she said . `` This kind of uncertainty should not exist in a country like Australia . ''
Mr Turnbull is visiting Israel to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Beersheba .
Barnaby begins campaigning
Mr Joyce , meanwhile , has officially been endorsed by local Nationals party members to stand in the by-election for the northern NSW seat of New England .
He started his campaign on Saturday by visiting some towns in his electorate , and said it was an honour to be supported by local party members .
`` I am very humbled the New England people have found it in their hearts to say I should have another crack at this , '' he said .
The Opposition has hinted it could legally challenge decisions Mr Joyce has made since last year 's election .
`` Labor will use their time — quite obviously , it 's politics — to try and cast as many assertions and to basically try and muddy the waters , '' Mr Joyce said .
He also defended remaining a minister over the past few months , saying the solicitor-general had advised he was likely to win the court case .
`` If I made a different decision , it would mean I had a better knowledge of the law than the solicitor-general , '' he said .
`` That would have been an absurdity . ''
Topics : nationals , joyce-barnaby , turnbull-malcolm , liberals , government-and-politics , federal-government , law-crime-and-justice , courts-and-trials , political-parties , bishop-julie , australia
First posted
The Pakistani Taliban warned yesterday that it will oppose a planned “ peace march ” led by Imran Khan , and accused the cricketer-turned-politician of being “ a slave of the West ” who is using the issue of US drone strike for his own political gain .
The US embassy also told Americans planning to attend the march into the north-western region of Waziristan that it had received information that the protest could be targeted by a suicide bomb attack .
The demonstration , led by Mr Khan 's political party , Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf , is due to leave from Islamabad today by road and hopes to enter South Waziristan , part of the militant-plagued tribal area - normally a no-go zone - on Sunday . Those taking part are protesting against an ongoing programme of missile strikes by US drones in the tribal area against suspected al-Qa'ida and Taliban militants .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
Along with the 32 American peace activists from a group called Code Pink , the British lawyer Clive Stafford Smith and members of his campaigning organisation , Reprieve , are also due to take part in the march .
The US embassy privately briefed the Code Pink activists yesterday , telling them that there is information from `` credible sources '' that a suicide attack is planned against the march .
However , the Code Pink activists , staging a small demonstration in Islamabad on last night , insisted they would go on .
`` They people of Waziristan are threatened every day by drones . They live in a constant state of anxiety and terror , '' said 69 year-old Paki Wieland , from Massachusetts .
Pakistan 's Interior Ministry also reportedly warned of a terrorist attack against the rally . The authorities have also said that they will not allow the protesters to enter South Waziristan , which would mean a potentially volatile standoff with thousands of demonstrators .
Imran Khan has said he expects up to 100,000 people to join him to highlight drone strikes , which he calls `` a crime against humanity '' , which claims the lives many innocent civilians .
Mr Khan said this week that `` if any untoward incident comes to pass , [ Pakistan ] President Zardari will be responsible '' .
However , South Waziristan , like the rest of the tribal area , is not in the hands of Asif Zardari 's civilian government . The army , which is the most powerful institution in Pakistan , controls some of the area , while militants rule over the rest .
In a statement , the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) spelt out its anger against Mr Khan , describing him as a `` westernized and secular personality '' and `` a slave of the West '' .
`` Imran Khan 's march is not to show solidarity with victims of drone strikes but to further his own political ends , '' said the statement , issued by TTP spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan .
The criticisms from the TTP , an umbrella group for some of the most violent Taliban factions in Pakistan , come despite Mr Khan 's vocal objections to drone attacks and the Western presence in Afghanistan . He has also advocated opening peace negotiations with Pakistan 's Taliban .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
`` Iron Man 2 '' is a topic of conversation , as he and Favreau are currently collaborating on a story for the much anticipated sequel . `` Now Justin Theraux who wrote 'Tropic Thunder ' , is writing it and Jon and I are working on the story with him . It 's pretty great and I think it 's going to be cool . I think it 's going to appropriately well thought out so that we do n't forget what got us the response that we appreciated so much , which is , we did n't say , 'Great , now that this is like this , now we 're going to twist it and do this with it . ' It 's now ; I 'm not saying we 're going to do bits . I think more of the same ; it is a very rich feel , because it was a very simple movie , if you ask me . It was an origin story . ''
Which apparently was not the case with the other big summer movie `` The Dark Knight '' . `` My whole thing is that that I saw 'The Dark Knight ' . I feel like I 'm dumb because I feel like I do n't get how many things that are so smart . It 's like a Ferrari engine of storytelling and script writing and I 'm like , 'That 's not my idea of what I want to see in a movie . ' I loved 'The Prestige ' but did n't understand 'The Dark Knight ' . Did n't get it , still ca n't tell you what happened in the movie , what happened to the character and in the end they need him to be a bad guy . I 'm like , ' I get it . This is so high brow and so f -- king smart , I clearly need a college education to understand this movie . ' You know what ? F-ck DC comics . That 's all I have to say and that 's where I 'm really coming from . ''
Well clearly Downey is n't about to do anything for DC Comics anytime soon . `` You know , you 're never too old to burn your bridges because I believe I have offended everyone , '' he says , laughingly . `` I think I 've got a couple more . ' I 'll burn that bridge when I come to it ' is my favourite phrase I 've ever coined . ''
Two Sikh AAP MLAs today demanded a ban on the screening of , a film based on the life of Guru Nanak , in the national capital.Rajouri Garden MLA Jarnail Singh and Hari Nagar MLA Jagdeep Singh met Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and raised the issue with him saying the film , releasing tomorrow , would hurt the sentiments of the Sikh community . `` The film has been banned in Punjab yesterday . Several representatives of the Sikh community have met us in this regard . Even the Akal Takht , the highest seat of authority of the Sikhs , too had reservations about the movie . `` We have also raised a similar demand with the Chief Minister . He has forwarded the matter to Lt Governor Najeeb Jung as section 13 of the Cinematographic Act empowers him to take a call in such matters , '' Jarnail Singh said .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
His comic book creations fight the sort of ignorance and prejudice writer Joe Glass was forced to grow up with .
Now the 31-year-old wants to take his team of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender superheroes global .
Read more : The 40 most influential LGBT people in Wales
Joe , from the Rhondda , was a teenager when he first dreamt up the stories that follow rainbow-caped FabMan and his crime fighting team .
As a result he now works with artists from around the world on his comic .
What started it all off ?
“ I 've been a fan of comic books since I was in my early teens , ” he said .
“ But as a gay teenager coming to terms with my own sexuality , it was quite hard to see myself in the characters I was looking at . ”
Joe 's first comic series was called The Pride , which had six issues , along with sister project The Pride Adventures , which ran for three editions .
What 's the dream now ?
He has now launched a campaign on crowd funding platform Kickstarter in a bid to raise funds to print all the stories in one collection .
“ For me , it 's about being able to see myself in my favourite media , ” he explained .
“ Everyone needs to see themselves in what they read . Everyone wants to see a character who is like them – a character they can relate to . ”
Joe was bullied when he was growing up
Growing up in Treorchy , Joe , who was bullied as a youngster , considers himself “ lucky ” .
“ There was bullying , but nothing extreme , ” he recalled .
“ It was never physical , more psychological . I 've met people who have been through far worse . I was lucky to have loving parents . ”
What else has he done ?
He has worked on other projects , including a zombie horror comedy series Stiffs , and was encouraged by his friends to publish The Pride .
The characters in the series include FabMan , Bear , Twink , Wolf , Muscle Mary , Frost and Angel – inspired by LGBT slang .
More : Three Welsh MPs in a photo of the most lesbian , gay or bisexual parliamentarians ever pictured together
“ Each character represents aspects of the LGBT spectrum , ” said Joe .
“ Some people say X-Men is like an analogy for gay rights , but it 's just an analogy and that makes you feel there is something to be hidden .
So , what are his characters like ?
“ I wanted more than that , I wanted characters who were honest , upfront and open about their sexuality . ”
He added : “ A big part of what I wanted to show is that the community is diverse .
“ This is n't just a bunch of gay white men , we 've got bisexual and transgender characters too . ”
And it 's not just about being gay
Joe has also created characters who are pansexual – meaning they are attracted to people of any sex or gender identity – and asexual – who do not have sexual feelings .
He hopes the comics will be enjoyed by heterosexual readers too and can help increase understanding of the challenges faced by the LGBT community .
“ I wanted to create a fun superhero story as well , ” he said .
“ It 's a serious topic , but with an element of humour . I 've always said if you ca n't laugh at yourself , you ca n't laugh at anything . ”
Who is the audience ?
The writer believes his comics have reached thousands of readers all over the world , with many accessing them through an online app .
“ In my head , it was worth it , even if only five people read it , but it 's actually done really well , ” he said .
More : The 12 top LGBT employers in Wales
“ It 's amazing there has been such an audience . The feedback has been very positive . ”
How you can help Joe
Joe self-funded his previous publications using crowd funding site Indiegogo and is now trying to raise £13,000 for his latest print run .
The collection will have more than 260 pages , with contributions from about 20 local and international artists , from France , Spain and the USA .
He said : “ We want to bring The Pride to as big an audience as possible . ”
For more information and to support the project , search The Pride Hardcover Collection on Kickstarter .
A warm greeting to all my fellow veterans of the Bowling Green Massacre ( Kellyanne 's War ) .
KellCon , my alt-fact queen , brilliantly mangled a real event in history , reinvented it as contemporary American bullshit , and tossed it in our laps . Thanks to her , the gates of the imagination have been torn from their hinges and tossed aside forever . You , the citizen , are now a gamer in the new virtual landscape of this country . The controls are in your hands and the future is as you see it . Hey , if the president and his cabinet are making it up as they go , seemingly untethered by the constraints of truth , logic and an operational moral compass , what 's to stop you from getting in on the action ?
It must be fun being in comrade Trump 's inner circle . They make governing look easy ! You form a list of all the things you want to do , bust some executive orders , turn the rhetoric up to 11 and stomp on the distortion pedal . If anyone gets in your way — media , so-called judges , SNL cast members — you just remind everyone once more that Secretary Clinton lost , call them “ cupcake ” and keep on smiling .
Continue Reading
Yes , I am fully aware of how dangerous these Putin-loving chunks of expectorant in democracy 's handkerchief are . But at the same time , I ca n't help but conclude that they are ushering in a new era of awareness of the many things that ail America .
Since this country seems to default to the immediate joys of the short buck , rarely does the vision stretch farther than the next fiscal quarter or election . Ironically , despite all the available connectivity and access to vast amounts of information , it seems increasingly difficult to locate a contextual vantage point from which to figure out how we got to where we are and why forward movement is all but impossible , no matter who is in office or how switched-on you and your friends are .
A tremendous high point from which to get the lay of the land waits for you on Netflix . The excellent documentary 13th , directed by Ava DuVernay , is as potent and illuminating to watch as Michelle Alexander 's book The New Jim Crow is to read .
The truths that hit the viewer while watching Ava DuVernay 's `` 13th '' make the fecklessness of the current administration all the more offensive . Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
The title of DuVernay 's stunning piece of work refers to the 13th Amendment of the Constitution — which , while abolishing slavery , also unleashed an insidious , generationally damaging and profitable new form of slavery . The devil in this particular set of details is embedded in Section 1 , between the first and second commas :
“ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States , or any place subject to their jurisdiction . ”
Once you are incarcerated in America , you are as good as owned . The prison industrial complex is no joke . It is a multibillion-dollar industry . The “ three strikes ” policy made it one of the most reliable profit streams America has ever known . That was President Clinton 's doing . ( So were DOMA and the Telecommunications Act . ) Unsurprisingly , in 13th , Mr. Clinton is checked into the boards quite hard by his own words as he basically admits that he screwed up . I 'm sure that makes all those people in their second decade of incarceration for a nonviolent crime feel all warm inside . The pair on that guy has never ceased to amaze me .
Instead of thrashing about in the fetid waters of Jim Crow and the Klan , then rolling credits , 13th hurls the viewer through the last several decades , all the way to Eric Garner 's desperate last gasps and the sickening Trump rallies of recent memory . Throughout 13th , the ever-increasing number of America 's incarcerated is flashed on the screen . You may have known that America has the highest number of people in prison of any country , but you might not know how quickly the number has spiked .
There are many moments of 13th that are hard to watch . It 's not the turbulent history of a people on the other side of the planet but the story of what we have done to one another and ourselves . The truths that hit the viewer while watching 13th make the fecklessness of the current administration all the more offensive .
One thing is for sure . There is a lot of good that needs to be done . As I said , comrade Trump and his swamp-creature gang are the poster critters for “ It 's time to get moving. ” With every word and action , the new administration shows you what the problems are .
They remind me of some rock stars I have encountered . They walk into a room and , almost immediately , you hear something break . Within a few minutes , something is burning and the carpet is ruined . They crashed the rental car . They have nowhere to go because they trashed their hotel room . I used to wonder how such fuckups made it as far as they did , until I figured out that they just do what they want and leave it for others to clean up the mess and pick up the tab . This is exactly what these home wreckers are going to try to do to America . To their credit , at least they 're not trying to be sneaky about it . Not only are they smart but they are also very mean .
This puts you , if you choose to take it on , in a position of great responsibility but also of great opportunity . It all matters now . Every word , every deed . Right now is what Dr. King prepped you for . Maybe what we do in the next four years determines the rest of this century . Who would n't want to be on the right side of that ? Count me in .
I hope you get a chance to watch 13th .
Look for your weekly fix from the one and only Henry Rollins right here every Thursday , and come back tomorrow for the playlist for his Sunday KCRW broadcast .
More from the mind of Henry Rollins :
White America Could n't Handle What Black America Deals With Every Day
Bowie 's Blackstar Is on the Level of Low and Heroes
No Matter Who Wins , America Is Only Going to Get Angrier
A university Islamic society , which has been linked to “ extremists ” and Islamists , is campaigning to have CCTV cameras removed from Islamic prayer rooms on campus .
The cameras were introduced to protect the “ safety ” of students at the University of Westminster two years ago , following “ incidents ” in the prayer rooms and after an internal report found Muslim extremists undemocratically controlled a “ hostile ” Islamic society guilty of sexism and bullying .
Now , the Islamic society claims to be “ working hard to… bring about a policy change to reverse the CCTV installation ” by working with the Student Union ( SU ) to mobilise opposition to the cameras as the university begins a consultation on their existence .
Shelly Asquith , the far-left National Union of Students ' ( NUS ) Vice-President for Welfare , commented on the CCTV . “ Absolutely shameful that [ the University of Westminster ] installed CCTV cameras in the prayer rooms . Spying on Muslim students who already feel targeted , ” she tweeted .
Please get in-touch with us if you need help filling this form in ! No to CCTV . No to tapping in system . # Studentsnotsuspect pic.twitter.com/qnOMr5jivA — Uni Westminster ISOC ( @ UWIsocOfficial ) April 11 , 2017
The university , however , says the cameras had been installed “ for the purpose of ensuring the safety ” of students using the rooms .
An internal report into the Islamic society , published in September 2015 , found members policed other student 's behaviour , acting as self-appointed “ apostles of a self-contained faith , concerned very largely with matters of religious orthodoxy and perceived heresy ” .
A separate study found the institution has consistently topped the table for universities inviting the most extremist Islamic speakers onto campus . In 2015 , the government “ named and shamed ” Westminster for failing to uphold “ British values ” .
The university was also attended by Islamic State executioner “ Jihadi John ” , and in 2011 , the SU elected a president and vice-president with links to the radical Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir , which works to establish a global caliphate .
Freya Thompson , the current president of the SU , denounced the cameras and called on students to share their views .
“ We have worked tirelessly this year to show the university that CCTV in a prayer room is an invasion of privacy and trust , ” she wrote online . “ But now we need you . Fill out the consultation . Tell them once again how you feel . Students , it 's now in your hands . ”
https : //twitter.com/UWIsocOfficial/status/850261628046069761
Michael Snyder , Contributor
Activist Post
The fastest way to go broke in America is to go to the hospital . These days it seems like almost everyone has an outrageous hospital bill story to share . It is getting to the point where most people are deathly afraid to go to the hospital . All the financial progress that you have made in recent years can literally be wiped out in just a matter of hours . For example , you are about to read about an Arizona woman that was recently charged $ 83,046 for a 3 hour hospital visit .
How in the world is anyone supposed to pay a bill like that ? I have a really hard time understanding why a visit to the doctor should ever be more than a couple hundred bucks or why a hospital stay should ever be more than a couple thousand dollars . Outrageous hospital bills are a real pet peeve of mine and I have not even been to the hospital in ages . What makes all of this even more infuriating is that Medicare , Medicaid and the big insurance companies are often charged less than 10 percent of what the rest of us are billed for the same procedures .
There is a reason why 41 percent of all working-age Americans are struggling with medical debt right now . It is because our health care system has become a giant money-making scam . Millions of desperate Americans go into hospitals each year assuming that they will be treated fairly , but in the end they get stuck with incredibly outrageous bills and in many cases cruel debt collection techniques are employed against them if they do n't pay .
So why do we have to pay so much for medical care ?
Back in 1980 , less than 10 percent of U.S. GDP went to health care . Today , about 18 percent of U.S. GDP goes toward health care .
And considering the fact that over the next 20 years the number of Americans 65 years of age or older is projected to double that number is going to go even higher .
On a per capita basis we spend about twice as much on health care as anyone else in the world .
In fact , if the U.S. health care system was a nation it would be the 6th largest economy on the entire planet .
America spent 2.47 trillion dollars on health care in 2009 , and it is now being projected that we will spend 4.5 trillion dollars on health care in 2019 .
Our system is completely and totally broken , and Obamacare is going to make things far worse . We need to throw the entire system out and start over .
A perfect example of why this is true is what happened when 52-year-old Marcie Edmonds went in to a hospital in Arizona recently to get treated for a scorpion sting… .
With the help of a friend , she called Poison Control and was advised to go to the nearest hospital that had scorpion antivenom , Chandler Regional Medical Center . At the hospital , an emergency room doctor told her about the antivenom , called Anascorp , that could quickly relieve her symptoms . Edmonds said the physician never talked with her about the cost of the drug or treatment alternatives .
Her symptoms subsided after she received two doses of the drug Anascorp through an IV , and she was discharged from the hospital in about three hours .
Weeks later , she received a bill for $ 83,046 from Chandler Regional Medical Center . The hospital , owned by Dignity Health , charged her $ 39,652 per dose of Anascorp .
What makes this even more shocking is that hospitals in Mexico only charge $ 100 per dose of Anascorp .
These days many hospitals will do whatever they can get away with on hospital bills .
One NBC News reporter was absolutely stunned at the bill that she received after she went in for neck surgery for degenerative disc disease recently… .
Once I got my itemized bill , the grand total was a little over $ 66,013.40 ! That was for a one night stay and a four level vertebrae fusion surgery . The charges included $ 22 for one sleeping pill , $ 427 for one dissecting tool , and $ 32,000 for four titanium plates and ten screws .
I brought it to Todd Hill , a fee based patient advocate who helps people decipher their medical bills . ‘ The screws in your procedure were billed at $ 605 a piece for a total of $ 6050 dollars . We 've seen those in our past research for $ 25 or $ 30 , ' he said . ‘ In this case , the markup is tremendous , ' he added .
Considering the fact that 77 percent of American families are living paycheck to paycheck at least part of the time , a single hospital bill like this can be a financial death blow .
If you have time , read this tragic story where one man was charged $ 11,000 and all he had was a case of bad indigestion . Nothing was even wrong with him and now his family is going to have to declare bankruptcy .
Often medical bills are so complex and so confusing that nobody can really understand them . Much of the time this is probably done on purpose to keep people from understanding how badly they are being overcharged . The following is from a recent article in the New York Times… .
Hospital care tends to be the most confounding , and experts say the charges you see on your bill are usually completely unrelated to the cost of providing the services ( at hospitals , these list prices are called the ‘ charge master file ' ) . ‘ The charges have no rhyme or reason at all , ' Gerard Anderson , director of the Center for Hospital Finance and Management at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . ‘ Why is 30 minutes in the operating room $ 2,000 and not $ 1,500 ? There is absolutely no basis for setting that charge . It is not based upon the cost , and it 's not based upon the market forces , other than the whim of the C.F.O . of the hospital . '
And those charges do n't really have any connection to what a hospital or medical provider will accept for payment , either . ‘ If you line up five patients in their beds and they all have gall bladders removed and they get the same exact medication and services , if they have insurance or if they do n't have insurance , the hospital will get five different reimbursements , and none of it is based on cost , ' said Holly Wallack , a medical billing advocate in Miami Beach . ‘ The insurers negotiate a different rate , and if you are uninsured , underinsured or out of network , you are asked to pay full fare . '
It has been estimated that hospitals in the United States overcharge their patients by about 10 billion dollars every single year .
Medical bills are the number one reason why Americans file for bankruptcy . As I mentioned earlier , approximately 41 percent of all working-age Americans are struggling with medical debt .
And health insurance is not as much protection as you might think . According to a report published in the American Journal of Medicine , of all bankruptcies caused by medical debt , approximately 75 percent of the time the people actually did have health insurance .
And if you ca n't pay your bills , many hospitals will come after you ruthlessly .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
In fact , collection agencies sought to collect unpaid medical bills from approximately 30 million Americans during 2010 alone .
If you do n't cough up the cash they are demanding you can even end up in prison . The following example comes from CBS News… .
How did breast cancer survivor Lisa Lindsay end up behind bars ? She did n't pay a medical bill — one the Herrin , Ill. , teaching assistant was told she did n't owe . ‘ She got a $ 280 medical bill in error and was told she did n't have to pay it , ' The Associated Press reports . ‘ But the bill was turned over to a collection agency , and eventually state troopers showed up at her home and took her to jail in handcuffs . '
Although the U.S. abolished debtors ' prisons in the 1830s , more than a third of U.S. states allow the police to haul people in who do n't pay all manner of debts , from bills for health care services to credit card and auto loans .
But why do these bills have to be so high ? It is not like many doctors are getting rich these days . In fact , many of them are going broke .
So what is the deal ?
Well , as a recent article by Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explained , there are a whole lot of people pulling profit out of the system other than just doctors these days… .
There are two main reasons that US medicine is so expensive . One is that profits are piled upon profits . In addition to wages and salaries for doctors , nurses , and medical personnel , the American health care system has to provide profits for private hospitals , diagnostic centers , insurance companies , and for the accountants , attorneys and management consultants made necessary by the enormous litigation and regulatory compliance cost . American medicine is the most regulated in the world and the most criminalized .
And another big factor is that the rest of us have to make up the difference for the patients that are not profitable .
It has gotten to the point where doctors barely make any profit on Medicare and Medicaid patients . In fact , in many cases doctors actually lose money treating them .
An article posted on medicalcostadvocate.com has some outrageous examples of the difference between what you and I are billed and what Medicare pays out for the exact same procedures… .
A patient in Illinois was charged $ 12,712 for cataract surgery . Medicare pays $ 675 for the same procedure . In California , a patient was charged $ 20,120 for a knee operation for which Medicare pays $ 584 . And a New Jersey patient was charged $ 72,000 for a spinal fusion procedure that Medicare covers for $ 1,629 .
So not only do we pay very high taxes to support Medicaid and Medicare , we also have to pay higher medical bills in order to make up the difference for the money that doctors and hospitals are not seeing from those patients .
Honey harvest on the cheap !
The process of being a beekeeper is great fun . You learn something , you meet people , you find out all about lots of different things that you did n't expect . Like plants and bees and honey .
but it 's not the cheapest hobby !
Aside from the investment in the hive and beekeeping clothing and other equipment , you also need to think about harvesting .
Sometimes , if you 're part of a beekeeping club , you can borrow equipment and that does help keep costs down .
Harvesting equipment including a Honey spinner can set you back quite a lot of money . This may be an investment beyond the reach of your wallet especially at the start of your beekeeping career .
We 've managed to start harvesting honey without going through the beekeeping catalogues and spending a fortune .
Here 's how we did it .
In the photo you can see the one key item to help us harvest is an electric drill . We also used some sieves , a plastic container that we adapted with a special tap , and a large bin .
Honey is harvested with a centrifuge system . First of all you need to open the capped comb . You can either do this with a knife , special comb or other various pieces of equipment .
A normal kitchen knife does it very well .
We created a special frame to hold the uncapped honey frames out of metal .
This fits into the place on the drill where the bit would normally be .
We place two frames of honey into this contraption then attach the drill and gently spin inside a bucket .
The delicious honey flies out onto the sides of the bin and then drips down the inside .
Then we turn the two frames around and spin again so the honey on the other side of the comb is extracted successfully .
Later on we 'll use a specially adapted plastic container with the honey tap on the side to divide the honey into each of the sterile jars .
This time we had 9 kg of honey to extract from the frames . There were only eight frames in total . So this was an ideal solution for a fairly small quantities honey .
Amazon on Wednesday announced that it has reached a licensing agreement with Paramount Pictures that will enable Prime Instant Video customers in the U.S. to stream hundreds of new hit movies over the next three years . The service , which is available for $ 79 a year and offers customers free two-day shipping , now features more than 17,000 movies and TV episodes . “ We are continuing to invest in building a vast selection for Prime Instant Video and are excited to bring Prime customers some of the most renowned and popular films in cinema history under this new agreement with Paramount , ” said Brad Beale , director of digital video content acquisition for Amazon . “ This deal will bring Prime Instant Video customers hundreds of new movies to enjoy on their Kindle Fire or any device connected to Amazon Instant Video , including titles such as Star Trek , Breakfast at Tiffany 's , Top Gun , The Italian Job and The Truman Show , and we will remain committed to adding even more great movies and TV shows to Prime Instant Video in the future. ” Amazon 's press release follows below .
Hundreds of Critically-Acclaimed and Blockbuster Films from Paramount Pictures Coming to Prime Instant Video
Fan favorites Mission : Impossible 3 , Braveheart , Forrest Gump , Mean Girls , Nacho Libre , Clueless and many more soon to be available to Amazon Prime Members with unlimited streaming
SEATTLE– ( BUSINESS WIRE ) –May . 23 , 2012– ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) – Amazon continues to invest in Prime Instant Video and add to the already-vast selection of movies and TV episodes available to customers as part of their Prime membership . Amazon.com , Inc. today announced a licensing agreement with Paramount Pictures that brings hundreds of new hit movies to Prime Instant Video in the U.S. over the next three years . Prime Instant Video now offers customers more than 17,000 movies and TV episodes to enjoy . To start watching Prime Instant Video immediately , visit http : //www.amazon.com/piv . Customers who are not Prime members can enjoy a free one month trial of Prime .
“ We are continuing to invest in building a vast selection for Prime Instant Video and are excited to bring Prime customers some of the most renowned and popular films in cinema history under this new agreement with Paramount , ” said Brad Beale , director of digital video content acquisition for Amazon . “ This deal will bring Prime Instant Video customers hundreds of new movies to enjoy on their Kindle Fire or any device connected to Amazon Instant Video , including titles such as Star Trek , Breakfast at Tiffany 's , Top Gun , The Italian Job and The Truman Show , and we will remain committed to adding even more great movies and TV shows to Prime Instant Video in the future . ”
Prime customers can enjoy Prime Instant Video on Kindle Fire or any of the hundreds of compatible Amazon Instant Video devices , including PlayStation 3 . For a list of compatible Amazon Instant Video devices visit here .
THE $ 1.7 billion handshake guaranteeing the entire cost of the Toowoomba bypass would have State and Federal funding was made a day before politicians took their Christmas leave .
Months of backroom haggling between the two political tiers were finally resolved when Queensland Treasurer Tim Nicholls put $ 342 million on the table .
> > # OMG CAN-DO 'S DEFENDS BYPASS , INSULTS PUBLIC SERVANTS
He wrote to Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss in December to tell him Queensland would commit to 20 per cent of the project 's total cost if the Commonwealth agreed to pay the $ 1.36 billion shortfalls .
Accountants went into overdrive to find the $ 636 million needed to almost double the Federal Government 's original $ 700 million outlay .
Announcing $ 1.7 billion in funding for the Toowoomba bypass are ( from left ) John McVeigh , Paul Antonio , Ian Rickuss , Scott Emerson , Jeff Seeney , Warren Truss , Trevor Watts , Ian Macfarlane and Tim Nicholls . Bev Lacey
`` We said , 'the deal is 80 % -20 % , here 's our 20 % on the table ( $ 342 million ) and we 're right to go ' , '' Mr Nicholls said .
`` The day before I went on Christmas leave , the Federal Government came up with the extra funds to commit to a $ 1.36 billion share . ''
Cottesloe Park was brimming with suits yesterday as the official Toowoomba bypass funding announcement was made .
> > WORK ON BYPASS TO START EARLY NEXT YEAR
Strong applause for Member for Groom Ian Macfarlane - even a `` three cheers for the government '' led by Toowoomba Regional Councillor John Gouldson - blended with the clatter of trucks descending the range .
It is a sound Mr Macfarlane says will be nought but a memory once the bypass has been completed in 2017 .
`` There were doubters , but there was absolutely no doubt in my mind , '' he beamed .
Bypass 3D Flyover : A 3D flyover of the new route of the proposed Toowoomba Bypass .
The private sector was invited to register interest in building the 41km road within an hour of the announcement .
The government expects about a dozen different consortia to enrol on the interest list , which will then be whittled down to four or five key players .
> > WELLCAMP AIRPORT `` VIRTUALLY AS CLOSE '' TO BRISBANE 'S WEST
Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said the project would `` move quickly '' to an expression-of-interest phase , in which the private-sector frontrunners would present their business cases .
`` A successful contractor will be named later this year , with construction expected to begin by mid-2015 , '' he said .
`` The successful proponent will be responsible for the design , construction , financing of the new bypass , as well as for the operations and maintenance , including the collection of toll money . ''
Jeff Seeney , Warren Truss and Tim Nicholls make yesterday 's announcement at Cottesloe Park . Bev Lacey
Yesterday 's announcement has committed the Federal and State Governments to sharing the cost deficit in an 80 % to 20 % ratio .
The creation of business cases is expected to cost each group between $ 5 million and $ 10 million .
Those outlays are likely to be either partially or wholly subsidised by the government , potentially costing $ 50 million before any construction plan has been chosen .
> > TOOWOOMBA TAX REVENUE COULD FUND BYPASS IN 18 MONTHS
Mr Nicholls said it was a necessary sacrifice to ensure competing companies were n't scared off by the money they stood to lose .
`` We want the best companies with the best plans , '' he said .
Tolls for passenger vehicles and heavy transport will apply to the new road , though costs have not yet been decided .
The Queensland Trucking Association said drivers would be willing to pay a toll up to $ 25 .
A toll on trucks will also be applied to the current Toowoomba Range road .
The bypass is expected to take 30 to 40 minutes off the total travel time across the range for heavy vehicles , eliminating 16 traffic lights along the way .
TV networks have figured out how to game the Nielsen ratings system . It 's as easy as playing dumb , literally . On days when programmers know their viewership will drop , like on holiday weekends or during sporting events , they “ accidentally ” misspell their show 's name on the nightly Nielsen lineup , according to The Wall Street Journal .
Over the Friday of Memorial Day weekend , for example , NBC aired NBC Nitely News instead of its usual NBC Nightly News so the holiday drop in viewership did n't affect its ratings standing . Nielsen 's automated system counted that misspelled show as an entirely different program . By doing this , NBC managed to actually gain ratings against its main competitor : ABC World News Tonight .
NBC apparently misspelled its shows 14 times since the start of the 2016 to 2017 TV season , and it 's not the only network to pull this tactic . This season , ABC did so seven times with its Wrld New Tonite , while CBS replaced The CBS Evening News with CBS Evening Nws 12 times . Clearly , this method is n't much of a secret , although The Wall Street Journal points out that advertisers are catching on and are fed up with paying more for potentially disingenuous viewership counts .
Lambert wastes no time as £4m Denmark defender Okore and Groningen midfielder Bacuna sign for Villa
Aston Villa 's busy summer shows no sign of slowing down as Paul Lambert added two new more bright young European talents to his first-team squad .
Defender Jores Okore and winger Leandro Bacuna have joined from Nordsjaelland and FC Groningen respectively for undisclosed fees .
The two players fit manager Paul Lambert 's profile for Villa 's first team which has a heavy accent on youth .
Hero and Villan : Okore has joined Aston Villa All smiles : Okore has tweeted his happiness at joining Villa
Okore , 20 , already has seven full Denmark caps to his name while Bacuna , 21 , boasts over 120 appearances for his Dutch club , as well as caps at Under 21 level for Holland .
Okore tweeted : 'Yea its official i 'm now an Aston villa player ! ! Looking forward to it ! ! Thanks for the welcoming villa fans looking forward to play for u guys thanks a lot # avfc . '
Lambert has wasted little time strengthening as Villa look to build on an impressive second half to the season .
Okore told www.avfc.co.uk : ' I know there is great potential in the team . I have watched many of our games because the Premier League is very popular back in Denmark .
' I know also that we have a good coach and this is a really good club . This is the right club for me , I feel it straight away . '
With Nordsjaelland , Ivory Coast-born Okore won the Danish cup in 2011 and league title in 2011-12 , and featured in the Champions League group stages last term .
Incoming : Aston Villa have had a £4million offer accepted for Jores Okore
He made his debut for the Danish national team in November 2011 and has won seven senior caps .
Of his new club , Okore said : 'We have good players all around . It 's going to be tough but I really hope I can go in and show myself and be a big part of the team .
' I want to bring something new to our game and really help the team into a new era .
'If I was to describe myself , I think I 'm a big , strong defender with good pace .
'Obviously , my priority is to be a really good defensive player but I think I can bring something to our game offensively , too , and maybe start some attacks .
'We have players who have experience of the Premier League and hopefully I can also bring something from my experience in the Champions League . '
Villa boss Paul Lambert said : 'He 's only 20 years of age and that 's good but he 's also an international player at a really young age and he 's played Champions League football as well , which is testament to his potential .
Midfield man : Leandro Bacuna has signed for Villa
'Jores has played in big games but he 's a very humble lad and he will be a really good addition to our team and to our squad . I 'm pleased that we 've signed a player of his stature , for he is someone who can come in and make a huge impact . '
Regarding Holland Under-21 international Bacuna , Lambert added : 'Leandro 's energy and versatility will be really good for us .
'He 's a good player , he has bags of energy and he will make an impact . '
Bacuna said : 'It feels great . It 's a new beginning for me , a new step and I 'm looking forward to being part of this young , hungry team we have at Villa .
'This is a dream come true for me and also for my parents who are delighted for me .
Hitman Helenius : The Dane , right , shields the ball from Jordi Amat of Spain
'It 's a tremendous league to be a part of , the Premier League , and we want to show that Aston Villa can take its place among the top teams .
'The manager is trying to create a new generation , to build something here and make a lot of young guys show what they can do . I 'm up for the challenge .
' I 'm a player who plays box-to-box , I like to run and I look to shoot . '
Last week , the Scot bought Aleksandar Tonev from Lech Poznan for a fee approaching £2.5m .
And the club is also in negotiations with FC Aalborg to sign Nicklas Helenius , a striker who stands at 6ft 5in tall .
Elsewhere , Newcastle have rejected the chance to sign Darren Bent but would be interested if Villa dramatically dropped their asking price .
We love food and we 'll accept any invitation to try and find the best offerings in LA . In celebration of National Taco Day , we 're happy to tell you all about our current favorite places to get a damn good taco in Los Angeles . Check out our bigger and better list of places we 're dishing on and why we love them !
If you 're looking for the restaurants and taco shops who are celebrating the National Taco Day holiday with menu specials , fret not ! We 've got that for you too .
Tacos Delta
The only thing you 'll enjoy more than the festive backyard patio at Tacos Delta is the food that comes with it . The family-owned shop is often praised by visitors as is their fast and friendly service . The fish and shrimp tacos are some of the highest reviewed tacos around !
Tire Shop Taqueria
Some of the best street tacos in Los Angeles , Tire Shop Taqueria has some of the most authentic , freshly made offerings in the city . Regulars swear by this stop and for good reason , the trick is getting there in time to beat the line !
Chuy 's Tacos Dorados
Chuy 's Tacos Dorados ( FKA Medtillas Tacos ) offers a simple , yet solid menu with hemp-infused tortillas . Their prices wo n't break the bank an will keep you coming back for seconds .
Guisados
Born in Boyle Heights in December 2010 , Guisados was created with a simple menu all aimed at recreating a feeling of comfort and nostalgia for traditional Mexican tacos and braises all wrapped in handmaid tortillas . They 've since expanded to their flagship locations in Echo Park and West Hollywood and most recently , Burbank .
La Reyna Tacos 2 #
Recently moved , La Reyna Tacos is a great go-to spot for your taco fix . If you want our recommendation , go with Al Pastor . Good for late-night cravings and $ 1 offerings you can eat like a king ( or queen ) here .
Gracias Madre
Gracias Madre is a taco-filled haven for vegans and carnivores alike . Between their ever-expanding specials , CBD cocktails and heavenly decor , this place is sure to fill your stomach 's , hearts , and social media feed . Pictured above : The Albongiga Taco , a spicy meatball taco with crispy onion , cashew crema topped with cilantro and chipotle ranchero sauce .
Street Tacos and Grill
Street Tacos and Grill 's affordable offerings start at prices that afford you the opportunity to sample the menu without breaking the bank . Try the Chicharron , or Barbacoa or expand your culinary search to their highly reviewed sopes and tortas .
Santa Rita Jalisco Taco Truck
Great tacos for a great price . Santa Rita Jalisco Taco Truck is renowned for the quality and taste of their meat as well as the efficiency and quick service . This no-frills truck has drummed up a loyal customer base that keeps spreading the good word of delicious tacos .
Chicas Tacos
One of our favorite DTLA taco spots is the semi-new Chicas . This parking lot adjacent hub brings Angelenos tortilla-wrapped gifts of deliciousness .
Insider tip : The hot ( hot ) sauce that looks like nacho cheese is not nacho cheese .
Tacos Por Favor
Get a bang for your buck on the west side at Tacos Por Favor ! If you 're feeling the afternoon munchies , they 'll deliver tortilla-wrapped goodness right to you . Now with three locations , you have tripled the opportunities to indulge here .
Petty Cash Taqueria
Chef Walter Manke 's Petty Cash Taqueria is one of his many successes and our favorite LA-based offering . The taqueria offers a wide array of options from crispy pork and beans to the more ambitious selections like Charcoal Grilled Octopus with peanuts , avocado , cheese , and chile .
Bar AmÀ
For your next dish on Tex-Mex , visit Bar Amà . Inspired by the women who raised him , Josef Centeno 's bar offers some of the city 's best puffy stuffed tacos . Their cocktail menu is the perfect complement to the elevated atmosphere sure to have you coming back for seconds .
Best Fish Taco In Ensenada
Known for their comedy nights , atmosphere and , of course , their food , Best Fish Taco in Ensenada ( really in Los Feliz ) is the closest you 'll get to Baja without leaving LA .
Leo 's Tacos Trucks
Between their six locations , Leo 's Tacos Truck has served up their famous Al Pastor Tacos all over Los Angeles . With deals starting at just $ 1 , you really ca n't go wrong .
Kogi Taqueria
Chances are you 've seen the iconic Kogi truck around Los Angeles at events and making rounds around the city , but their brick-and-mortar location is as much a staple and sure-fire place to get your short rib taco fix .
Plancha Tacos
Whether you 're in Beverly Hills or Venice Beach , Planchas has your taco fix . The shop is open late and offers street and signature tacos . Seafood lovers will particularly enjoy their pescatarian friendly menu .
Federal Bar
The Federal Bar 's vast selection of micro beers , bourbons , scotches and tequila make for a perfect pairing with their tacos . Come for a night of entertainment and bites with friends to either of Federal 's locations and you 'll find yourself wanting to come back more and more .
Bobby Yip / Reuters Ashley Tse and Kelvin Kwong celebrate their engagement on Feb. 14 , 2011 , at a McDonald 's in Hong Kong , where the chain is now offering wedding services
By Chinese betrothal custom , the groom presents his bride 's family with a whole celebratory suckling pig . The pork , a culinary symbol of the girl 's virginity , is roasted patiently to a crackling ruddy brown . But at a recent engagement party in Hong Kong , the food came quickly , turned out by restaurant workers at the pace of the city stirring outside . Guests on swivel seats raised chocolate milkshakes in a giddy toast . The couple shared a long , red-splotched French fry , meeting midway for a kiss . Before their loved ones and beneath a pair of Golden Arches , husband-to-be Kelvin Kwong explained earnestly , `` Ashley loves ketchup . ''
In January , McDonald 's added wedding packages to its Hong Kong menu . This is the only city in the world where the American restaurant chain offers the service , prompted by frequent inquiries about fast-food weddings from customers in recent years . Now , three McDonald 's locations are equipped to stage marital festivities in the style of any 6-year-old 's model birthday . That the corporation should move to fill  or perhaps create  this niche is not so unusual . Despite being surpassed by Subway as the world 's largest fast-food chain , McDonald 's still serves 400,000 Hong Kongers every day . Countless couples will have met , or at least dated , there . Business executives take clients there for lunch ; high school students gather there over homework . ( See `` Super-Size No Longer : Subway Surpasses McDonald 's as World 's Largest Restaurant Chain . '' )
The Golden Arches have in this region escaped the stigma of mass production and prevalent obesity that they carry in the U.S. and elsewhere . Denouncing Big Business is hardly a pastime in a city that , in its modern incarnation , emerged from international capitalism . `` In Hong Kong , the transnational is the local , '' says James L. Watson , a Harvard professor of Chinese society and author of Golden Arches East . When in 1975 McDonald 's first came to the former British colony , Hong Kong was diligently reinventing itself from an outpost of light industry to a regional finance center . `` The company and the town , they more or less grew up together , '' Watson says . McDonald 's catered to , and likely prodded along , a new culture of speed , convenience and consumerism .
The traditional Chinese wedding banquet is slow-cooked , not flash-fried . A string of familial rituals are outdone in number by a dozen or so courses  shark-fin soup , sea cucumber , animals in their entirety meant to bring luck and completeness  and a series of costume changes . A ceremonial dinner of 20 crimson-clothed tables begins at about $ 38,000 , and the betrothed are unlikely to know personally a majority of the invitees . In a moment of economic recovery , this kind of decadence has , for some , simply lost allure . Coco Wong , Hong Kong 's first wedding planner , still predominantly organizes conventional banquets . But , she says , the scale and gravity of these spreads is on the decline : `` Couples are beginning to prefer smaller affairs with just the people they know , weddings that are more intimate and softer on the budget . '' ( See the 10 worst fast-food meals . )
As Hong Kong leans increasingly toward a culture of informality and affordability , the fast-food chain is there once more to meet it . `` I was a bride , '' says Shirley Chang , managing director of McDonald 's Hong Kong . `` I did n't enjoy my own party . I needed to dress up beautifully , that was all . For me , there was no laughing , there was no eating . '' By contrast , the McWedding is casual , stress-free and inexpensive : the basic Warm and Sweet Wedding Package for 50 guests goes for under $ 1,300 . For another $ 165 , the bride can rent a gown of pearly white balloons .
What a McDonald 's wedding event lacks in liquor , it more than makes up for in helium . For Ashley Tse and Kwong 's engagement party , in an area in one restaurant 's rear cordoned off from the public , goody bags are stuffed with plush McDonaldland characters . A McDonald 's M.C . coordinates games while waitresses deal out cheeseburgers . A cake is a pyramid of green apple-pie cartons . Dozens of heart-shaped balloons  it is Valentine 's Day , after all  hover in the corners of the room in rosy clumps . The future bride , Tse , weeping from the excitement of it , wears a balloon ring and carries an inflated bouquet . ( See a brief history of McDonald 's abroad . )
Nothing would seem less personal than a cookie-cutter McDonald 's restaurant open to Hong Kong 's every diner . But Kwong speaks of the spot with a wistfulness normally reserved for neighborhood institutions . `` We both used to come here all the time as children , '' he said during a press conference at the engagement party . `` I just wanted people to have a good time . It 's hard to find somewhere that 's fun for kids and adults , and where everyone will love the food . '' Even his mother , in all her fussiness , was able to find something she likes : the Filet-o-Fish .
For the affianced couple  a model and a nurse , both striking and healthy  this is a family place . And it is for the benefit of their families that Kwong lowers himself onto a single bent knee and , before them , the media and a pale pink banner , asks Tse a question she has already answered . They had been dating for nine years when they first decided to marry . The engagement party is over by 10 p.m. , but the bride would likely tell you that not everything in this city moves so quickly .
See `` Can 7-Eleven Win Over Hong Kong Foodies ? ''
Germany 's Eurosceptic AfD party won handily in parliamentary elections in Brandenburg and Thuringia on Sunday ( 14 September ) , following successes in the European Parliament and Saxon elections . But other parties are appalled , with centre-right politicians calling for an urgent reassessment of how to deal with the party . EURACTIV Germany reports .
Germany 's Eurosceptic Alternative für Deutschland ( AfD ) is continuing on its path of success : with 12.2 % in Brandenburg and 10.6 % in Thuringia , the right-wing populists will move into two more German regional parliaments .
The AfD 's top candidate in Thuringia , Björn Höcke , spoke of a historic outcome .
“ We are in the middle of a transformation for the federal republican party system . We will also reach double-digits at a federal level , ” Höcke said on Monday ( 15 September ) in Berlin .
Meanwhile , AfD party leader Bernd Lucke said he is certain his is no longer a party of protest . “ We are a small people 's party ” , he explained on Monday in Berlin . “ A small people 's party that grew a bit larger after yesterday evening 's election results. “
Lucke was pleased , pointing out that results were even better than in Saxony . “ If the established parties continue to ostracise us , we will gain even more momentum , ” Lucke explained .
Left Party and centre-right biggest “ losers ”
According to a survey by infratest dimap , around 70 % of the AfD 's voters chose the party based on the content of its platform – many more than supporters of other parties .
Lucke said the party won-over voters with its positions on the euro and bailout policies , but also on smaller issues like crime near the borders and support for a “ multiple-child-policy ” .
According to various analyses , the voters Lucke described came from a broad range of Germany 's parties .
In both Brandenburg and Thuringia combined , the centre-right Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and Left Party ( Die Linke ) each lost 35,000 voters to the AfD compared to the last election . The liberal Free Democrats ( FDP ) lost 28,000 and the SPD 23,000 .
Only traditionally Green voters did not seem to identify with the AfD 's positions , according to trends . About 2,000 Green Party voters switched to the AfD in the latest election .
Most of the AfD 's supporters were former non-voters , at 37,000 .
Total voter participation was low in both regions . In Brandenburg , only 48 % went to the polls , and in Thuringia the rate was 53 % – both historical lows . This also gave the AfD an advantage , analysts noted .
The search for a Eurosceptic antidote
But it seems the election results have caused other parties to budge on their approach to their Eurosceptic counterpart , hoping to regain confidence among voters .
In an internal strategy paper , centre-right CDU politicians call for a change of attitude . The document , obtained by Bild , argues that the centre-right alliance 's strategy of ignoring the AfD has failed .
“ These election results will only be a surprise to those who have long contested the fact that the centre-right alliance has been losing traction among traditional conservatives , ” says the document composed by high-profile CDU members .
In this context , if it seems that “ only ” 23 % of the AfD 's electorate voted for the centre-right in the previous election , it should not be comforting , the CDU politicians write . “ But , rather , discomforting . Especially because the centre-right lost the most voters due to migration to the AfD , ” the document said .
The authors call on leaders in the centre-right alliance to programmatically address conservative voters within the AfD .
Experts call for open discussion
But right-wing populist expert Patrick Gensing is worried the other parties will not react effectively . He warns the CDU , in particular , against picking up issues like border criminality and immigration simply because the AfD has attracted voters with them .
“ That does not work . Even if the conservative wing of the centre-right alliance hopes it will , ” Gensing told euractiv.de .
The analyst said the AfD is held up by dissatisfaction among citizens .
“ The AfD is an expression of an aggressive culture of debate on the Internet , ” Gensing explained . The party has a loyal following of “ angry digital bourgeoisie ” online .
“ There is a latent deficit among the established parties , as regards the political culture of debate . On euro bailout policy , for example , the opposition has completely missed the chance to offer alternatives , ” Gensing opined .
All the parties must present clear counter-models to political decisions , he said . Saying the euro area bailout policy “ has no alternative ” as Angela Merkel did , does not go far enough , Gensing proffered .
Bonn-based political scientist Frank Decker called on the political establishment to finally recognise the AfD 's existence .
“ The parties must seriously address the AfD 's arguments , ” Decker said in an interview with euractiv.de .
According to the two experts , the AfD has the potential to anchor itself firmly in the political system .
“ For at least 20 years , there has been a space for right-wing populist voices . The AfD is the long-awaited force that is filling this gap , ” said Gensing . But the question remains , he stated , whether or not the AfD can levy this potential over the long-term .
Right-wing extremists could use the AfD as a springboard in the future , Decker warned . In that case , the Eurosceptic party may have difficulty dealing with such forces .
The AfD and a fight for identity
Already in the run-up to regional parliament elections , the top candidates in both states left room for right-wing extremist interpretation : “ The AfD is the last evolutionary chance for our state , ” said Höcke in Thuringia . There is a grave “ danger that Europe could end up a continent dominated by Islam , ” he argued .
Mosques with minarets are a “ symbol of land-grabbing ” , in Höcke 's description , saying the AfD must put a stop to the lack of German identity .
Decker explained that “ identity ” is one of the central concepts for Europe 's new right . The AfD uses values to argue in debates .
The same goes for euro bailout policy : “ Here , it is also about identity for the AfD . The argument is about returning to the national level and not accepting responsibility for other countries ' debts , ” Decker indicated . But under the guise of an identity concept , right-wing extremist ideologies are lurking , he said .
“ In eastern Germany , right-wing extremist acts of violence are comparatively high , internationally . If these right-wing views gained a parliamentary vote through the AfD – and the threat exists because the AfD is railing xenophobic attitudes – then right-wing extremist acts of violence could gain legitimacy and support , ” Decker indicated .
But examples in Europe indicated the opposite tendency , Decker explained . The success of France 's Front National was not accompanied by a rise in right-wing extremist violence . “ Another possibility is that the AfD channels propensities to right-wing extremist violence , thereby absorbing it , ” Decker said .
Portion of the German Avenue Road on Rügen
Portion of the German Avenue Road near Lake Constance
The German Avenue Road ( German : Deutsche Alleenstraße ) is a tree-lined holiday route that runs the length of Germany from Rügen on the Baltic Sea to Lake Constance on its border with Switzerland . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] About 2,900 kilometres ( 1,800 mi ) long , it is Germany 's longest scenic route . The project is supported by the `` German Avenue Route Association '' ( Arbeitsgemeinschaft Deutsche Alleenstraße ) , whose members are the German Automobile Club ( `` ADAC '' ) , the German Tourism Association , the German Forest Conservation Society , and other institutions . [ 3 ] The forestry scientist , Hans Joachim Fröhlich , was its major proponent .
The aim of the Association is to preserve , protect , and maintain avenues in Germany and to restore old avenues after they were destroyed in many places in recent years by road development and safety projects . [ 4 ] The Association says the Route connects `` the East with West and North to South [ and ] is a symbol of German unity and common effort of the people of the old and new federal states for the protection of nature . `` [ 5 ]
Cobblestones still serve as pavement on many avenues in the former East German areas . An spokesman for the Route says the average speed is about 70 km/h ( 43 mph ) . [ 6 ]
The first segment of the German Avenue Road between Rügen Island in the Baltic Sea and Reinsberg was inaugurated on 3 May 1993 , progressively completed over the next several years , and completed on 25 May 2000 with the segment from Ettlingen , near Karlsruhe , to the island of Reichenau in Lake Constance on the German-Swiss border . [ 7 ]
History [ edit ]
Route of the German Avenue Road from Rügen in the northeast to Lake Constance in the southwest
The vision for the creation of the German Avenue Road began shortly after German reunification in 1990 : [ 8 ]
Route [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
The German Avenue Road on the island of Rügen
Avenue on Rügen near Putbus
Ottenkreuz between Gau-Odernheim and Hillesheim
Reichenau Island
Literature [ edit ]
Arbeitsgemeinschaft Deutsche Alleenstraße ( Hrsg . ) : Deutsche Alleenstraße – von Rügen bis zum Bodensee . WKP-Verlag , Freilassing 2001 ( 2nd ed . )
. WKP-Verlag , Freilassing 2001 ( 2nd ed . ) Baedeker Allianz : Reiseführer Deutschland . Ein As im Ärmel . Verlag Mair-Dumont . November 2009. p. 131f . ISBN 978-3-8297-1186-9
. Verlag Mair-Dumont . November 2009. p. 131f . ISBN 978-3-8297-1186-9 Thomas Billhardt , Günther Bellmann : Die Deutsche Alleenstraße . Zwischen Rügen und Rheinsberg . Ullstein , Berlin 1996 . ISBN 3-550-06904-9
. Ullstein , Berlin 1996 . ISBN 3-550-06904-9 Thomas Billhardt , Günther Bellmann : Die Deutsche Alleenstraße . Zwischen Rheinsberg und Wittenberg . Ullstein , Munich 2003 ( 5th ed. ) . ISBN 3-550-06887-5
. Ullstein , Munich 2003 ( 5th ed. ) . ISBN 3-550-06887-5 Ulf Böttcher , Wolfgang Hoffmann : Die deutsche Alleenstrasse – von der Insel Rügen bis zum Fläming . Mitteldeutscher Verlag , Halle 1995 . ISBN 3-354-00857-1
By Jon Rappoport
US Dept . of Agriculture scientists under the gun ; explosive details
“ Anybody can fake scientific results . But to be believed , you want a prestigious organization behind you with a billion-dollar budget and access to compliant reporters . You want to manipulate technical language . You want to keep saying how much you care about people . And then you also want to get down and dirty when you have to , and threaten and coerce your in-house scientific dissenters who wo n't go along with the fakery . Cut their pay , demote them , fire them , ruin their careers and lives . This is all standard procedure in the major leagues of science . I 've watched it happen. ” ( The Underground , Jon Rappoport )
Wonder how a federal agency as large as the USDA can keep claiming pesticides like Roundup are safe ?
Wonder how the truth can be kept from leaking out ?
Wonder how this agency , tasked with protecting the public from unsafe food , can turn fake science into “ real science ” like clockwork ?
Wonder how , in Hawaii , Monsanto and Dow can defend their toxic , open-air , pesticide experiments as “ approved by the USDA ? ”
Government scientists who believe in exposing the truth are being targeted .
Ten scientists at the US Dept . of Agriculture are on such a target list , because their research findings would harm big-corporate agriculture . ( See Common Dreams , 5/5/15 , “ Suppressing Science for Monsanto ? ” )
PEER ( Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ) , a non-profit group , knows who these scientists are , but they are n't talking . Not yet . They 're trying to gain protection for the researchers .
Here is a March 26 release from PEER , “ USDA Urged to Shield Its Scientists From Harassment ” :
“ Scientists within the U.S. Department of Agriculture are subjected to management pressure and retaliation for research threatening agribusiness interests… ”
“ PEER has received reports concerning USDA scientists ordered to retract studies , water down findings , remove their name from authorship and endure long indefinite delays in approving publication of papers that may be controversial . Moreover , [ USDA ] scientists who are targeted by [ big-Ag ] industry complaints find themselves subjected to disruptive investigations , disapprovals of formerly routine requests , disciplinary actions over petty matters and intimidation from [ USDA ] supervisors focused on pleasing ‘ stakeholders ' . ”
The “ stakeholders , ” of course , would include huge biotech companies . Like Monsanto .
In a separate PEER petition to the USDA , we find this statement :
“ The USDA Scientific Integrity Policy actively enables [ USDA ] agency managers to suppress and alter scientific work products for their policy implications , regardless of their technical merit . It also appears clear that agribusiness interests , such as Monsanto Corporation , have access to top [ USDA ] agency managers and are invited to lodge complaints and concerns about the published work of [ USDA ] agency scientists . Significantly , the [ USDA ] Policy lacks any mechanism to effectively challenge this political manipulation of science . ”
The PEER petition goes on to describe what truth-telling USDA scientists face :
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
“ USDA scientists have been subjected to Directives not to publish data on certain topics of particular sensitivity to [ big-Agriculture ] industry ;
“ Orders to rewrite scientific articles already accepted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal to remove sections which could provoke [ big-Ag ] industry objections ;
“ Summons to meet with [ USDA ] Secretary Vilsack in an effort to induce retraction of a paper that drew the ire of [ big-Ag ] industry representatives ;
“ Orders to retract a paper after it had been accepted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal . The paper could only be published if the USDA scientist removed his authorship thus leaving only the names of authors unassociated with USDA ;
“ Demotion from supervisory status and a reprimand after the scientist provided testimony before Congress that did not reflect [ USDA ] agency preferences ;
“ Disruptive and lengthy internal investigations to search out any irregularity that could be used for management leverage against the targeted scientist ;
“ Suspensions without pay and other disciplinary actions for petty matters , such as minor irregularities in travel paperwork ;
“ Inordinate , sometimes indefinite , delays in approving submission for publication of scientific papers that may be controversial ;
“ Restrictions on topics that USDA scientists may address in conference presentations ;
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today ! “ Threats by USDA managers to damage the careers of [ USDA ] scientists whose work triggers [ big-Ag ] industry complaints. ” “ USDA scientists working on topics with direct relevance to [ big-Ag ] industry interests are under constant pressure not to do anything to upset these important ‘ stakeholders . ' Rather than shield staff scientists from [ big-Ag ] industry influence , USDA managers amplify it. ” This is a witch hunt . The notion of believing anything the USDA says or publishes is absurd . Claims of the inherent safety and value of GMO food ? Claims about the safety of pesticides ? The assertion that corporations like Monsanto and Dow are n't favored USDA clients ? Smoke blowing in the wind . Claims that the USDA is serving the public interest ? A fairy tale . The author of three explosive collections , THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California . He maintains a consulting practice for private clients , the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power . Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize , he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years , writing articles on politics , medicine , and health for CBS Healthwatch , LA Weekly , Spin Magazine , Stern , and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe . Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics , health , logic , and creative power to audiences around the world . You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine .
Sarah 's a hit with the ladies -- white ladies , anyway . Monday 's Washington Post-ABC News poll , which showed a newly deadlocked presidential race , registered a 20-point bump for the McCain ticket among white women since the previous poll , taken before Sarah Palin was loosed on the world . Among these women , Barack Obama 's eight-point lead has turned into a 12-point deficit .
No wonder Republicans have been criticizing identity politics all these years . It works . And nobody is benefiting from it more than the selfsame GOP .
The Republicans come charging out of their convention bolstered by a hopped-up base , the empathetic support of working-class ( chiefly married ) white women and the mantle , however ludicrous , of change . There 's not much Obama can do about energized GOP faithful , but there are any number of things he can do to erode voters ' infatuation with Palin , and all manner of things he needs to do yesterday to debunk the Republicans ' claim to the banner of change .
Anyone familiar with polling knows that when voters start liking a candidate , they start giving that candidate higher marks than they previously had on a wide range of issues , even though the candidate 's record and positions on those issues may not have changed at all . This , along with the symbolism of Palin 's selection , helps explain why voters ' estimation of McCain 's economic policies has risen : Obama 's lead on the question of who can better handle the economy has abruptly shrunk to just five percentage points , and that change has been driven by white women . Before the conventions , they preferred Obama on the economy by 12 points ; now , they prefer McCain by 10 . ( Other national polls show a similar narrowing of Obama 's advantage on the economy . )
If Obama and his strategists ca n't reclaim the economic issue after eight years of Republicans presiding over the first recorded recovery in American history that failed to boost family incomes , and now over a slowdown that has its roots in the GOP 's mania for deregulation , they ought to find another line of work . They need to ask John McCain at every turn : What Bush economic policies do you repudiate ? Where have you broken with Bush on the economy ?
After all , McCain is now merrily calling for tax cuts at every campaign stop . That 's his economic revitalization program . Not coincidentally , that 's also been George W. Bush 's economic revitalization program for eight years : Cut taxes chiefly on the rich and their investments will enrich us all .
We all know how well that 's worked .
Obama should have several distinct advantages here . First , his proposed tax cuts , unlike McCain 's ( which chiefly renew Bush 's giveaway to the wealthiest Americans ) , are directed heavily toward working- and middle-class Americans , including most of the white women who are flirting with the Republicans . And while McCain attacks Obama 's proposed tax hikes on the rich as job-killers , Obama 's increases are modeled closely on those that Bill Clinton signed into law in 1993 . Republicans made the same argument then : that Clinton 's tax hikes would cost jobs . Problem is , the U.S. economy grew by 22 million jobs during Clinton 's presidency . It has grown by just 5 million during Bush 's presidency , and that number is falling every month as the slowdown deepens .
Since McCain is advocating the same tax policies that Bush enacted , why would anyone expect a different result ?
Second , Obama 's economic policies are keyed , as McCain 's are not , to creating American jobs in a global economy . The problem with across-the-board tax cuts for corporations and the rich is that with each passing year there 's a higher likelihood that those cuts will be invested by their recipients in jobs in China and India . Obama , by contrast , proposes eliminating tax cuts for companies that take jobs abroad and establishing tax cuts for companies that create jobs at home . Obama is also committed to spending $ 150 billion during his term in office for a green-jobs-alternative-energy program that would create millions of non-offshorable jobs . McCain makes rhetorical bows to helping alternative energy industries , but he 's made no commitment of public dollars to back up his speechifying . Add his lack of commitment to green jobs to his faith in traditional trickle-down economics , and it becomes clear that McCain has no vision whatever for how to create American jobs in the 21st-century economy .
There are a few other points of economic differentiation between the candidates . Obama offers plausible plans to make college and health insurance more affordable ; McCain does n't . Obama opposed a number of proposed trade accords ; McCain supported every trade treaty of the past three decades .
McCain , candidate of economic change ? Even if Sarah Palin brings a working-mom pedigree to the ticket by schlepping her kids around with her while on state business ( and collecting per diems for it , too ) , all that McCain-Palin promises is four more years of economic dysfunction and decline .
meyersonh @ washpost.com
On Oct. 11 , National Coming Out Day , I had the good fortune of attending the BOLD Awards at the San Francisco LGBT Community Center , for which I 'm a Founding Donor . It was thrilling to hear the phrase `` lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender '' over and over from honorees and center volunteers . In contrast , whenever I give a talk on straight spouses whose husbands or wives come out as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , someone in the audience inevitably says , `` But there 's no such thing as bisexuality ! ''
`` Yes , there is , '' I answer . `` Bisexuality is a valid and actual sexual orientation . I know that from working with and studying bisexual persons over the past 26 years . '' Sexuality does not have a binary switch , with the only two options , `` gay '' or `` straight '' ; rather , it is a complex and fluid human trait , a spectrum along which people can be found at every point . Bisexual persons are just one more part of the same diversity that includes both gay and straight people .
A bisexual orientation is integral to the total makeup of a bisexual person . For all of us , sexual orientation is a part of the whole person and is multidimensional -- emotional , sexual , social , cognitive , behavioral , etc . -- and many of us find ourselves shifting in these dimensions over time . For straight people or lesbians and gay men , it 's generally a constant pull toward persons of the other sex or their own sex , respectively . In contrast , bisexuals are attracted to both sexes , though rarely in a 50/50 balance . While attractions may shift , most are drawn toward one or the other sex throughout their lifetimes .
Because only we know ourselves in all the dimensions , only we can correctly `` name '' our own sexual orientation . Outsiders can not . Outsiders base their `` labels '' on external factors that they observe , usually the sex of a person 's partner and his or her sexual behavior . If the partner is of the same sex , the label is `` gay '' or `` lesbian , '' and a person is `` straight '' if his or her partner is of the other sex . Because outsiders label people based on their partner 's sex ( and often based on their attractions or lack thereof to the same sex ) , bisexuals are rendered invisible , as they are erroneously put into either a heterosexual or homosexual `` box . ''
I discovered the reality of bisexuality in 1986 , when I began to study spouses coming out or being `` found out '' in heterosexual marriages and the effect of disclosure or discovery on their straight spouses . As I talked with bisexual spouses , presented at international bisexuality conferences and studied existing research , it became clear that bisexuality does not fit the binary `` either/or '' paradigm by which most of us perceive the world . This shift in persepctive broadened my radar for viewing all aspects of human experience , prompting me to begin my own research and writing on bisexual spouses in mixed-orientation marriages .
I have found that the key difference between the sexual orientation of bisexual spouses in mixed-orientation marriages and that of gay and lesbian spouses is simple : bisexual spouses continue to be attracted sexually to their husbands and wives . Some married not realizing their same-sex attraction or its potential power ; some chose not to tell their spouses-to-be because the same-sex attraction side was minimal . When they reveal this other part of their sexual orientation , their straight spouses are shocked , having had no notion of any same-sex attraction existing alongside their partners ' active opposite-sex attraction and behavior .
Many straight spouses initially doubt the validity of the opposite-sex attraction and feel anger over not knowing about the same-sex attractions , fear of what might happen , and grief over losing what they thought they had . They also suffer cognitive dissonance as their bisexual spouses explain and demonstrate in the marital bed that they are still attracted to them . To resolve that apparent contradiction , they and sometimes their bisexual spouses continue to communicate honestly and openly a process that forces them to jettison their habitual `` either/or '' view of sexuality and form a `` both/and '' perspective . Only then can both spouses focus on real-life factors in their marriage rather than fence futilely with incorrect `` labels '' and false assumptions .
To help spouses , bisexual-straight couples and professionals understand the dynamics of post-disclosure coping so that the spouses can constructively work through the challenges and the professionals can guide them realistically , I conducted research on such couples . I found that continuous opposite-sex attraction between bisexual spouses was a key factor in the couples ' redefinition of the marriage , and that they more often maintained their marriages after disclosure or discovery than did gay-straight couples or lesbian-straight couples . In addition , I concluded most of these articles with the observation that the bond that bisexual-straight couples form as they redefine their relationship often ends up being stronger than that of many heterosexual couples .
To make sure this evidence- and experience-based understanding of bisexuality reaches spouses in bisexual-straight marriages , their families , their therapists and the general public , I made sure the Straight Spouse Network , which I founded in 1992 to support and educate straight spouses and mixed-orientation and transgender-cisgender couples , explicitly states in its core beliefs , policy statements and position papers that bisexuality exists and explicitly affirms bisexuality , bisexual partners in bisexual-straight marriages and bisexual-straight couples in its support and education programs
Like straight spouses , whose post-disclosure experience is overlooked in the excitement of their partners ' disclosure , the reality and experience of bisexual spouses in mixed-orientation marriages need to become more visible . And when more people see and know who they are , their unique orientation can be valued and validated by everyone .
Nick Viall is melting hearts as the star of ABC 's The Bachelor , but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that some people on the set of Dancing with the Stars want him dumped !
Now , as the world awaits the announcement of the official cast for this upcoming season , a source close to production said that Viall – who confirmed he will be a contestant – is causing major drama , and the season has n't even started yet !
PHOTOS : ‘ DWTS ' Casting Secrets : Who 's In And Who 's Out For Season 24 !
“ They have already started doing some promo work for the upcoming season , ” a production insider told Radar .
“ The producers and other people on staff for DWTS are saying that Nick is one of the most arrogant and self-entitled people that they have ever had on the show ! ”
“ He was trying to negotiate a higher salary than anyone else since he also appears on The Bachelor . ”
As fans know , Viall has sparked controversy on The Bachelor this season and has gained a reputation among some critics of being in it for the fame .
PHOTOS : Busted ! ‘ Dancing With The Stars ' Love Scandals – 11 Of The Most Shocking Hookups , Breakups & More
According to the insider , this is also the case on DWTS !
“ Nick is acting like he is God 's gift to the show and they are lucky that they have him on this season , ” the source told Radar .
“ Some people think he is extremely hungry for fame and for press and is already coming across like a complete a * * . ”
Do you think that Nick Viall acts ‘ self-entitled ' or ‘ arrogant ' on ‘ The Bachelor ? ' Tell us your thoughts below .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
Story highlights In recent years , the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists
Despite the site 's remarkable archaeological value and impressive views , there are few tourists
The city still bears the marks of poor attempts at restoration by Saddam Hussein
Babylon faces ongoing threats of development encroaching on its buried ruins
Babylon was one of the glories of the ancient world , its walls and mythic hanging gardens listed among the Seven Wonders .
Founded about 4,000 years ago , the ancient city was the capital of 10 dynasties in Mesopotamia , considered one of the earliest cradles of civilization and the birthplace of writing and literature .
But following years of plunder , neglect and conflict , the Babylon of today scarcely conjures that illustrious history .
In recent years , the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists , hoping that one day the site will draw visitors from all over the globe . But despite the site 's remarkable archaeological value and impressive views , it is drawing only a smattering of tourists , drawn by a curious mix of ancient and more recent history .
The city -- just 85km ( 52 miles ) south of Baghdad , about a two hour drive , dependent on checkpoints -- still bears the marks of ham-fisted attempts at restoration by former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , and a subsequent occupation by U.S. forces in 2003 .
JUST WATCHED Thrills on Iraq 's threatened rivers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Thrills on Iraq 's threatened rivers 02:25
Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Signs of former glory – Babylon 's Ishtar Gate , decorated with images of dragons and aurochs , is a replica -- the original is part of a reconstruction in Berlin 's Pergamon Museum Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Protected symbol – Concertina wire left behind by the U.S. military is used to prevent visitors from climbing over a 2,500-year-old lion statue -- an ancient symbol of the city . Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Reconstruction – Iraqi archaeologist Hai Katth Moussa said that during a massive reconstruction project in the early 1980s , Saddam Hussein began building a replica of the palace of Nebuchadnezzar II on top of the ruins of the ancient palace . Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Saddam 's mark – Like Nebuchadnezzar , Saddam Hussein wrote his name on many of the bricks , with inscriptions such as : `` This was built by Saddam , son of Nebuchadnezzar , to glorify Iraq '' . Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Modern ruins – Visitors can enter Saddam Hussein 's marble-lined palaces , still a novelty 10 years after the dictator 's downfall . Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon Dictator 's home – After the Gulf War , Saddam Hussein began building the modern palace for himself on top of ruins in the style of a Sumerian ziggurat . Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos : Gallery : Reviving Babylon History under threat – Only 2 % of the ancient city has been excavated , but those buried historical treasures are threatened by encroaching development . Hide Caption 7 of 7
`` They occupied Babylon . They would n't let anyone in , '' says Hussein Saheb , a guard at the historical sites at Babylon , recalling the day U.S. tanks rolled into view , before forces set up camp .
JUST WATCHED Rediscovering Iraq 's cultural heart Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rediscovering Iraq 's cultural heart 01:45
Following excavations in the early 20th century , European archaeologists claimed key features such as the remains of the famous Ishtar Gate -- the glazed brick gate decorated with images of dragons and aurochs , built in about 575 BC by order of King Nebuchadnezzar II as the eighth gate to the inner city .
The original now stands as part of a reconstruction of the gate in Berlin 's Pergamon Museum , whereas in Babylon itself , visitors enter through a replica . Yet remnants of Babylon 's former glory remain , with sections of the city 's walls still intact .
Later excavations and conservation work carried out under Saddam 's rule greatly despoiled the site , say archaeologists .
Iraqi archaeologist Hai Katth Moussa said that during a massive reconstruction project in the early 1980s , Saddam began building a replica of the palace of Nebuchadnezzar II on top of the ruins of the ancient palace .
Like Nebuchadnezzar , he wrote his name on many of the bricks , with inscriptions such as : `` This was built by Saddam , son of Nebuchadnezzar , to glorify Iraq . ''
After the Gulf War , Saddam began building a modern palace for himself on top of ruins in the style of a Sumerian ziggurat .
When U.S. forces arrived in 2003 , they occupied the palace , which lies adjacent to Nebuchadnezzar 's palace and overlooks the Euphrates River , and left their own mark . Today , a basketball hoop remains in Babylon , while concertina wire left behind by the military is used to prevent visitors from climbing over a 2,500-year-old lion statue -- an ancient symbol of the city .
Even in the new Iraq , Babylon faces ongoing threats . Only 2 % of the ancient city has been excavated , but those buried historical treasures are threatened by encroaching development .
Tour guide Hussein Al-Ammari says an oil pipeline runs through the eastern part of the ancient city . `` It goes through the outer wall of Babylon , '' he says .
Yet despite the shortcomings in its preservation , Babylon holds a draw for small numbers of Iraqi visitors -- even if only to enter Saddam 's marble-lined palaces , still a novelty 10 years after the dictator 's downfall .
Zained Mohammed , visiting with her family for the first time from Karbala , told CNN : `` We were just looking for a change of atmosphere , to have the kids see something different . ''
Babylon is certainly that .
Red Line riders could feel some relief from the heat this weekend as a long-awaited temporary repair to the chiller serving two D.C. stations starts blowing cool air .
WASHINGTON – A long-awaited , but temporary , fix to cool the Dupont Circle and Farragut North Metro stations is expected to be up and running this weekend .
Testing of the temporary cooling tower sitting along Connecticut Avenue and the pipes connecting it to the chiller plant below began Thursday morning , Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld said .
“ We 'll test it , run it for about eight hours today . And we 'll do some tests for the next two days , and hopefully have that fully running . But it 's so far so good , it 's working fine , ” Wiedefeld said .
If testing goes well , the chiller system would be back in service on Saturday .
The temporary tower and pipes go around the leaky , aging pipes connecting the permanent cooling tower on top of a nearby building to the chiller plant beneath Connecticut Avenue . Problems with those pipes took out the chilling system in the summer of 2015 , and there has been no fix since .
Although riders could feel some relief starting this weekend , a permanent repair has not yet been designed . Implementing that permanent fix would likely require significant digging under Connecticut Avenue , which would disrupt traffic .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Alegra Motorsports has turned up as a surprise addition to the GT Daytona grid for Long Beach , and according to team owner Carlos de Quesada , it could mark the start of a season-long assault in the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship .
The quintet of Carlos and Michael de Quesada , Daniel Morad , Jesse Lazare , and Porsche factory driver Michael Christensen claimed an impressive class victory in the Rolex 24 at Daytona .
That win coupled with a 10th place class finish at Sebring has Alegra sitting third in the GTD standings , just 10 points behind the class leaders .
The Miami-based team had committed to the four-race Tequila Patron North American Endurance Cup from the outset and expected to enter additional races throughout the season , but according to Carlos de Quesada , the strong start to the year forced them to reevaluate their plans .
“ Daytona changed everything , ” he told Sportscar365 . “ We always knew that we could be competitive at Daytona , and to actually win that race was really amazing .
“ But again , we went in there with everything to win . We had a great lineup of drivers , the right team , the right car to run , so everything worked in our favor for that race .
“ Sebring , things did n't work out as well , but we 're still in the hunt for points , so I 've decided to put Michael Christensen and Daniel Morad in the car for Long Beach , two very good drivers .
“ Last week we were able to find a sponsor to help out , and that 's when they said they wanted to see us at Long Beach so we decided to go ahead and make the commitment .
“ I 'm excited to go there and see how we do . ”
With limited space available in the Long Beach paddock , only full-season entries , known as ‘ Premium ' entries , were guaranteed a spot on the grid , and Alegra as an TPNAEC entrant did not fit the bill .
De Quesada said that a little good fortune and some cooperation from IMSA made this possible .
“ [ IMSA ] was very accommodating , ” he said . “ There was a rule that by February 16th you had to be signed up .
“ Fortunately there was a cancellation , which was [ Dream Racing ] , and because of that and we were the only non-Premium team that was interested in going and were leading the points [ at the time ] , we were able to get that spot . ”
De Quesada said the goal is to continue for the full-season as long as his team was in championship contention and the finances are in order , and added that Porsche ace Christensen is available to the team for nearly all of the remaining races .
“ Michael is provided by Porsche Motorsports , ” he said . “ Porsche has been really supportive of us being out there .
“ They 've been absolutely wonderful to deal with , they always have . Any time I 've requested a factory driver , whether we 're doing Daytona , Sebring , or any race , they 've always been very accommodating .
“ Michael has been outstanding . When it comes to making arrangements , we contact Porsche Motorsports and they let us know when he 's available .
“ I believe for this year , the only race he 's not available for is COTA , but he 'll be able to make every other race .
“ Like I said , we 're on a race by race situation . I did commit to the [ TPNAEC ] and I 'm the type where I do n't want to overcommit and under-deliver .
“ I do n't want to make promises that I ca n't fulfill . My commitment was always the [ TPNAEC ] . If we 're doing well , we 'll push along and try to do the full season if we can . ”
by Mike Poast
I can not take credit for this and do not know the author :
The new element , Governmentium ( symbol=Gv ) , has one neutron , 25 assistant neutrons , 88 deputy neutrons , and 198 assistant deputy neutrons , giving it an atomic mass of 312 . These 312 particles are held together by forces called morons , which are surrounded by vast quantities of lepton-like particles called peons . Since Governmentium has no electrons , it is inert .
However , it can be detected , because it impedes every reaction with which it comes into contact . A tiny amount of Governmentium can cause a reaction that would normally take less than a second , to take from 4 days to 4 years to complete . Governmentium has a normal half-life of 2 to 6 years . It does not decay , but instead undergoes a reorganization in which a portion of the assistant neutrons and deputy neutrons exchange places . In fact , Governmentium 's mass will actually increase over time , since each reorganization will cause more morons to become neutrons , forming isodopes . This characteristic of moron promotion leads some scientists to believe that Governmentium is formed whenever morons reach a critical concentration . This hypothetical quantity is referred to as critical morass . When catalyzed with money , Governmentium becomes Administratium ( symbol=Ad ) , an element that radiates just as much energy as Governmentium , since it has half as many peons but twice as many morons .
The Border Security Force ( BSF ) has detected a 14-feet-long tunnel on the international border in Arnia sector of Jammu and Kashmir . BSF said that the move had foiled and exposed Pakistan 's design to infiltrate terrorists through the tunnel .
Troops of 62 battalions of the BSF detected an under-construction tunnel in the forest area of Damala nalah in Arnia sector .
On Saturday , while carrying out a search in the area , BSF party observed suspicious movement of around 10 to 12 armed Pakistan nationals on the bank of Damala nalah . Despite heavy mortal shelling from across the border , the BSF jawans reached close to the tunnel to find out more . On seeing the BSF personnel approach , Pakistan nationals fled the spot under the cover of darkness , leaving their stock behind . The BSF then began a detailed search of the area and found an unfinished 14-foot-long tunnel , which was 3 feet high and two-and-a-half feet wide .
It is pertinent to mention here that Jammu 's Arnia sector has faced heavy cross-border firing and shelling from Pakistan from September 13 to 17 this year . Pakistan Army is believed to be giving covering fire to help terrorists and other workers engaged in tunnel construction to sneak into Indian territory .
This is the second tunnel unearthed in 2017 , after the security personnel detected one on Feb 13 this year in Ramgarh sector .
The security personnel recovered 2 AK-47 magazines , a hand grenade , Duracell batteries and pencil cell , 4 sleeping bags , eatables and 3 3 head lamps that were used for digging the canal from the site .
The BSP personnel have been on high alert after regular Intel inputs regarding movement of anti-national elements from across the border in the festive season .
The items recovered from the tunnel unearthed by BSF . ANI Photo . The items recovered from the tunnel unearthed by BSF . ANI Photo .
Meanwhile , MoS Home Jitender Singh has said , `` The Army and the BSF are capable of foiling all of Pakistan 's evil designs . They have full liberty by the government . ''
Whatever method Pak uses , Army & BSF capable of foiling it . They 've full liberty by govt : Jitendra Singh , MoS Home on tunnel unearthed in J & K pic.twitter.com/CY7alAFUkO - ANI ( @ ANI ) September 30 , 2017
Reacting to the unearthing of the tunnel in Arnia , IG BSF of Jammu Frontier Ram Awtar said , `` Another illicit act by Pakistan was detected in time and an incident was averted '' .
Noticed suspicious movement , surveyed area & found 13-14 ft long tunnel ( in Arnia ) , but its end was n't open : Ram Awtar IG BSF , Jammu Frontier pic.twitter.com/heZF5LaUYX - ANI ( @ ANI ) September 30 , 2017
On the first anniversary of Indian Army 's surgical strikes on terrorist camps in PoK yesterday , former Army chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag had hailed the operation , calling it the first to have political clearance and went on to say that it had achieved the desired result .
WATCH VIDEO | Pak 's terror plan exposed : BSF detects 14-foot-long tunnel in J-K 's Arnia
Jenny McCarthy , her son , Evan , carried Jim Carrey , and Carrey 's daughter , Jane
Chastising a celebrity is an exercise in futility . You feel like a kitten being held by the scruff of its neck , scrabbling wildly in the air without drawing blood . Pointless as this may be , though , I will try to talk some sense into Oprah Winfrey , who has decided to go into business with vaccine skeptic Jenny McCarthy .
There is abundant evidence that vaccines do n't cause autism . More than a dozen studies , as well as trend data from California and other states , show that neither the mercury-containing preservative thimerosal nor the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine causes autism . In March , a federal court dismissed both of these theories in a most definitive way after hearing weeks of testimony and gathering thousands of pages of evidence .
Jenny McCarthy begs to differ . McCarthy dropped out of nursing school in 1993 to become a Playboy bunny and later starred in an MTV show that focused on her bodily functions . She believes that vaccines made her 7-year-old son autistic—and that she “ recovered ” him with alternative therapies , as she details in her parenting books . McCarthy has appeared regularly on Larry King Live and Oprah to blast the medical establishment , and last year she led a march on Washington to demand that children get fewer vaccines .
On Wednesday it was announced that Oprah signed McCarthy to a deal , starting with a blog on the Oprah Web site . Though neither woman 's people will confirm details of the deal , it will presumably lead to a talk show , as it did for Rachael Ray and Dr. Phil , two other Oprah protégés . Perhaps not every episode of a McCarthy show will address vaccines and autism , but some surely will .
Celebrities take on all kinds of causes . They campaign for presidents , and they rally to save the women of Darfur and the hungry masses of Bangladesh and Africa . Some of these appearances may do some good , while others are merely benign grandstanding . But wealthy , toothsome , vivacious , and sexy Jenny McCarthy 's impassioned campaign is actually harmful . Why ? Because she is spreading dangerous misinformation—and that could bring some once-controlled diseases back into play .
Her boyfriend , actor Jim Carrey , is even more clueless . At the rally last year , I asked Carrey to give an example of a childhood vaccine we could dispense with . Tetanus , he said . That answer did not reflect a strong—or any , really—grasp of infectious diseases . Children who get tetanus—fortunately , it has been extremely rare in the United States since tetanus vaccination began in the 1920s—suffer horrendous pain , arch their backs , and go into terrible spasms before dying . It 's a very natural disease , to be sure , because the germ causing tetanus lives in dirt . It 's a germ that will be with us forever , and the only way to prevent it is through vaccination .
For some reason , Oprah and the rest of the entertainment world treat McCarthy as if she were Mother Theresa kissing lepers or Nelson Mandela denouncing apartheid . She 's been proven wrong about vaccines , yet she persists in claiming that they are so dangerous that it 's better to get vaccine-preventable diseases than get the shots . Oprah 's spokesman told me that Jenny 's views were more “ nuanced ” than I presented them . Yet here she is a month ago , in an exchange with Time :
I do believe sadly it 's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe . If the vaccine companies are not listening to us , it 's their fucking fault that the diseases are coming back . They 're making a product that 's shit . If you give us a safe vaccine , we 'll use it . It should n't be polio versus autism .
McCarthy 's popularity has created a lot of anger and disbelief in that tiny sliver of society that believes in evidence-based medicine . One person who 's feeling particularly frustrated is David T. Tayloe , president of the 60,000-member American Academy of Pediatricians . ( Remember them ? A pediatrician is a person with a medical degree who takes care of children . Some of them are said to trust science more than celebrities when it comes to health care . )
“ I think show business crosses the line when they give contracts to people like Jenny McCarthy , ” Tayloe says . “ If you give her a bully pulpit , McCarthy is going to make people hesitate to vaccinate their children . She has no medical or scientific credentials . It disturbs us that she 's given all these opportunities to make her pitch about vaccines on Oprah or Larry King or U.S. News or whatever . We have to scramble to get equal time—and who wants to see a gray-haired pediatrician talking about a serious topic like childhood vaccines when she 's out there blasting the academy and blasting the federal government ? ”
Still , others involved in the effort to refute the vaccine/autism myth are n't as worried about McCarthy . “ Jenny McCarthy does n't bother me that much because I do n't think most people take her as a serious commenter on medicine , ” said Dr. Paul Offit , a vaccine inventor and author of Autism 's False Prophets . “ I 'd be more concerned if it was someone like Meryl Streep , someone seen as person of gravity and good sense . ”
What 's a little sad about this episode is the fact that once upon a time , big stars like Humphrey Bogart , Louis Armstrong , and Elvis Presley stood up for vaccination campaigns to protect the lives of children . ( Actress Amanda Peet recently stepped up to counter McCarthy 's message , saying that people should get their advice on autism and vaccines from doctors , not actresses . But Peet seems to lack McCarthy 's entrepreneurial verve and has n't drawn the same level of attention . )
In those days , parents and children clamored for vaccination . Especially children in places like the South Side of Chicago or rural Mississippi ( where Oprah was born in 1954 ) , who suffered higher rates of polio in the late 1950s because their parents could n't afford the new vaccine .
Over the past year , new outbreaks of measles , whooping cough , and other vaccine-preventable diseases have occurred in communities with parents who choose not to vaccinate their kids .
Oprah , think of the children .
Feature photo courtesy of Travez Moore .
Football had never even crossed Travez Moore 's mind when he started at Bastrop High School in Bastrop , Louisiana . Now in his senior year , Moore has just committed to play football for LSU .
That 's a huge leap for someone who did n't start playing football until his sophomore year in high school . Moore credits his brother , Larecus Moore , for getting him started in football . Larecus , just like Travez today , played linebacker for Bastrop High before he graduated in 2012 .
Moore 's quickness and speed are his biggest strengths on the field . He ran track during his junior year , which helped him hone in on those traits .
“ I play fast and relentless on both sides of the field and I always look to adjust , ” Moore said .
That is clearly evident when watching his highlight tape , as he is quick off the edge and constantly disrupts plays . Moore also takes snaps on the offensive side of the ball as a tight end . This further solidifies his claim that he is a true athlete .
“ I would classify myself as an athlete , ” he said . “ I can play on both sides of the ball . ”
A Texas native , Moore also considered TCU and South Carolina , but ultimately both schools lost out to LSU . He admitted , though , that playing for TCU would have been a good option .
“ Being from Texas , it is always a dream to play for your hometown team , but once I saw LSU and what they have planned for me , I went with LSU , ” Moore explained .
Primarily playing on the defensive side of the ball , the defensive schemes of his future college was a factor he had to account for .
“ I like the defense over at LSU and I really like what Coach Miles has planned for me at outside linebacker and defensive end , ” Moore said .
Between LSU and TCU , it was a tight race to the very end . Moore said it was hard decision to make and admitted he was close to picking TCU , but in the end LSU and their well-known , tough defense prevailed .
“ I could see myself playing in both defenses , but in the end I fell in love with LSU , ” Moore elaborated .
The schemes and style of play were n't the only thing Moore considered when he made his choice . He said location was not a factor but his parents wanted him to stay close to home .
Moore 's parents , Travis and Sheva Moore , have been his two biggest supporters since he was kid . They let him make this choice primarily by himself and were undoubtedly excited about his commitment .
“ They let me make the choice pretty much on my own and they supported it no matter where I picked , but they did say they wanted me to stay close , ” Moore said .
Another factor that was key to Moore in making his decision was the feeling and community surrounding the college .
“ I want to feel comfortable , ” Moore explained . “ I 'm looking for a good community . ”
One thing that was not important for Moore when making this choice was the current success of the programs . LSU and TCU , his two finalists , have done well the last few seasons , but he said that it is not a factor .
“ Things can change by the time I come in and we might not be as good right away , I 'm just looking to build up the program to the best of my ability , ” Moore said .
Moore had also been in contact with another LSU commit , the second-ranked safety in the national Eric Monroe , out of Houston . Moore talked to Monroe last week , and according to Moore they talked about how dominant they would be as a defense . Moore even went on to say that this was one of the things that sold him on LSU .
Moore is the 35th rated player in the state and is the 19th commitment for the Tigers for 2016 .
Channel 4 's director of creative diversity , Stuart Cosgrove , has slammed the lack of journalistic scrutiny of Scottish independence referendum ‘ scare headlines ' and called for a re-think at the BBC on the nature of balance and due impartiality .
Comments : Stuart Cosgrove
Speaking on BBC Radio Scotland , Cosgrove said misreporting over claims the Royal Bank of Scotland would move jobs to England in the event of a Yes vote had been shown to be lacking substance and scrutiny after RBS issued a clarification to the media confirming any move would be relevant to “ operations , not people ” .
He told BBC presenter John Beattie : “ I think elsewhere in the media and elsewhere within this organisation , the last 24 hours have allowed people to assume that this is about job losses in Scotland and the loss of great , significant investment .
“ It 's clearly now is not , and yet another story when investigated the day after is proved to not have anything like the substance [ it seemed ] . ”
“ The lack of scrutiny of this and the idea that people just wanted scare headlines I think is an outrage , particularly at this stage in the referendum when there 's so much to talk about and where journalism should be coming alive .
“ Let 's just take the BP example ; we are being told that BP are moving to London . Really ? What exactly are they going to do give the £200m they 've recently invested in offshore drilling technology – where are they going to be drilling ? Hemel Hempstead ? Of course they 're not . ”
The comments came amid a media storm when Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond challenged the BBC 's Nick Robinson in a heated press conference exchange , and accused the Treasury of leaking sensitive financial information regarding RBS to the BBC .
Cosgrove added that following the referendum there should be an examination of how the BBC measured balance and impartiality in its coverage , saying that applying election coverage models to the referendum when the main parties are unionist could limit time given to voices from the Yes side .
“ One of the things I 'd like to challenge , and I think it 's something we 'll need to talk about once the referendum 's over – and I think it has a significant impact on this institution , the BBC – is the nature of balance and due impartiality , ” he said .
“ Yesterday , I was watching the rolling BBC News very closely and it was clear that notions of balance were being predicated on a party political basis . It would go from Cameron to Miliband to Clegg and back .
“ If you look at it as a different premise – it 's a yes/no question – then Patrick Harvie of the Greens , who is not the leader but is a significant political person within the Yes campaign , should have had exactly the same coverage as Ed Miliband .
“ Do you think for a second he got that ? Of course he did n't . I think there 's been a failure of the understanding of the nature of balance and due impartiality . It 's simply wrong and not acceptable . ”
A spokesman for the BBC told The Drum : `` Our coverage of the referendum story is fair , accurate and impartial , in line with our editorial guidelines . ''
In France 's highly secularized society , anyone who talks about religion and politics risks being written off as a closet demagogue , a Catholic traditionalist , or a potential radical Islamist . Officially , the twain should never meet .
Régis Debray , a leading figure among the public intellectuals who dominate French op-ed pages and late-night talk shows , has bucked the trend by studying the religious roots of current affairs that other commentators regularly overlook .
If it were n't for his lifelong radical credentials — onetime ally of Fidel Castro , comrade of Che Guevara , still on the far left at 77 — and support for France 's official secularism , Debray might just be ignored . But that ideological pedigree , plus a bit of mellowing with age , has made him into an original observer of the French political scene .
His latest book , “ Le Nouveau Pouvoir ” [ The New Power ] , turns this spotlight on last May 's sweeping election victory by Emmanuel Macron , the new 39-year-old president who came from near obscurity to push the polarized old political parties aside and bring in a centrist government unimaginable only a year ago .
While others pored over opinion polls and political strategies to analyze Macron 's sweeping victory — he won the presidency with 66 percent of the vote and his start-from-scratch party took 61 percent of the seats in the National Assembly — Debray stepped back to look for the cultural roots of the political upheaval .
What he found was a “ neo-Protestant ” challenge to France 's traditional “ Catholic/secular ” political culture , transforming politics from behind-the-scenes battling among elites to more open and transparent governance .
Macron , a former investment banker who had never before run for office , wants to push through market-friendly economic reforms , shake up the over-regulated labor market , and blur the country 's traditional left-right ideological split . If Macron — a Catholic who speaks little of religion — succeeds , this could amount to a major cultural shift in the way France is governed .
For Debray , that approach echoes some economic positions of the U.S. Republican Party and of the evangelical “ neo-Protestants ” who support it .
Macron 's way of stressing youthful dynamism over decades-long experience , projecting his image over social media and embracing globalization also seems very American , Debray says , pointedly adding the U.S. is a traditionally Protestant society .
On top of that , this political sea change has come as the growing numbers of evangelicals in France — mostly immigrants from sub-Saharan Africa — have been making what Debray calls their “ theology light and tacky services ” the majority expression of faith among France 's small Protestant minority .
French Protestants make up only two percent of the population . Lutherans and Calvinists , respected by the Catholic majority as hardworking and honest , are in numerical decline while immigration is boosting the evangelical ranks .
“ The halo of a neo-Protestantism made in the USA grows year by year in our behaviour and in our suburbs , ” he writes , referring to the poor outskirts of French cities where many immigrants live . France can hardly avoid “ this theo-populist wave sweeping from Latin America to sub-Saharan Africa , from Central Asia to the Far East . ”
With his usual flourish , Debray summarizes his thesis with the motto : “ Forget Florence and advance toward Stockholm . ”
In other words , the political intrigue described by Niccolo Machiavelli in 16th-century Catholic Florence is outdated , and French politicians now have to be more like the opposition leader in traditionally Lutheran Sweden who resigned after using her official credit card for personal purchases including chocolate and diapers for her children .
Debray , who calls himself a Catholic atheist , bases his analysis on a mixture of Calvinist views of work , as described by sociologist Max Weber in his book “ The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism , ” and his view of evangelicalism as a “ do-it-yourself ” religion with wide popular appeal .
France 's dwindling Catholic Church , which now has only 10 percent of the priests it had a century ago , faces rising competition from evangelical groups that open one new church every 10 days .
Olivier Abel , a leading Protestant philosopher , said Debray overestimated the American factor in the spread of evangelicalism , which Abel called a “ light , portable religion ” that appealed to “ displaced , uprooted , and insecure populations ” in many parts of the globe .
Debray 's view of Protestantism as highly rational and individualist was a cliche , Abel told the Paris daily Le Monde , and the spread of evangelicalism in France owed more to globalization than any U.S. influence .
But the book was “ a useful warning ” about a new religious style that is gaining ground in Europe without many Europeans noticing it , he said .
“ There is a profound cultural gulf between European Protestantism and the American and globalized Protestantism that is coming at us from the former colonies in Africa and Latin America , even China , ” Abel said .
“ We talk a lot about Islam , but there is a galloping neo-Protestantism in the suburbs , ” he said . “ This neo-Protestant wave could submerge our old European culture . ”
Abel said this trend was bound to continue with further African immigration , especially from sub-Saharan countries like the French-speaking Democratic Republic of Congo where Protestants now make up about 20 percent of the population . “ The Africa that is coming will be an Africa that is massively neo-Protestant , ” he said .
Via Religion News Service
A Chinese military officer argues that `` Pacific Rim '' is nothing more than U.S. propaganda that shows Americans using smarts and technology to battle giant monsters -- while the Chinese only seem interested in eating their flesh .
In an op-ed for the PLA Daily , Zhang Jieli , an officer in the country 's People 's Liberation Army , warns his fellow soldiers to erect a `` firewall '' to prevent themselves from being influenced by American movies .
`` Hollywood has always been the United States ' best propaganda machine , '' he wrote .
Also read : Hollywood 's Trouble With China ? It Has All the Leverage
The original op-ed is in Mandarin , but according to China.org , which translated the piece , Jieli wrote , `` The decisive battle against the monsters was deliberately set in South China Sea adjacent to Hong Kong ... The intention was to demonstrate the U.S. commitment to maintaining stability in the Asia-Pacific area and saving the mankind . ''
But while the American characters study the monsters and create machines to battle them , the Chinese are depicted as harvesting their bodies for food and trinkets .
Spokespeople for `` Pacific Rim '' s ' producer Legendary Pictures and distributor Warner Bros. declined to comment , but it 's worth nothing that ideology aside , `` Pacific Rim '' is a sizable hit in China . The film did not perform well in the United States , but has made $ 106 million in three weeks of release in the People 's Republic .
China recently surpassed Japan as the second largest market for films in the world . In 2012 , it contributed $ 2.7 billion in box-office revenue which represented a 36 percent jump from the previous year .
Related Articles :
China Box Office Will Surpass U.S. by 2020 ( Study )
Hollywood 's Trouble With China ? It Has All the Leverage
'Elysium ' Scores China Release in September ( Exclusive )
Image courtesy of Facebook , FCKH8.com .
When a dad overheard his son on the phone with a friend discussing his struggles to confront his parents about his sexuality , the dad left his son this truly touching letter .
The letter reads :
`` Nate , I overheard your phone conversation with Mike last night about your plans to come out to me . The only thing I need you to plan is to bring home OJ and bread after class . We are out , like you now . I 've known you were gay since you were six , I 've loved you since you were born . Dad . P.S . Your mom and I think you and Mike make a cute couple . ''
The message went viral after a FCKH8.com , an activist organization for gay youth , posted it on their Facebook page . The organization raises money for LGBT charities and helps spread the message of love , not hate , through fun t-shirts .
One of the group 's organizers , Luke Montgomery , tells Mashable that his group gets more than a dozen similar messages a day , but only post a few that really speak to them .
`` You can imagine how happy we are that this father and son 's story is really touching people so deeply , '' Montgomery says . `` We hope it sets a good example for fathers to love their kids the way they were born . The fact that it has been shared by so many sadly means this kind of acceptance is both too rare and deeply craved by LGBT people who are so used to being rejected by families . ''
Image via iStockphoto , typo-graphics .
NASA 's Dawn spacecraft has returned the sharpest images ever seen of the dwarf planet Ceres . The images were taken 147,000 miles ( 237,000 kilometers ) from Ceres on Jan. 25 , and represent a new milestone for a spacecraft that soon will become the first human-made probe to visit a dwarf planet .
`` We know so little about our vast solar system , but thanks to economical missions like Dawn , those mysteries are being solved , '' said Jim Green , Planetary Science Division Director at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
At 43 pixels wide , the new images are more than 30 percent higher in resolution than those taken by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope in 2003 and 2004 at a distance of over 150 million miles ( about 241 million kilometers ) . The resolution is higher because Dawn is traveling through the solar system to Ceres , while Hubble remains fixed in Earth orbit . The new Dawn images come on the heels of initial navigation images taken Jan. 13 that reveal a white spot on the dwarf planet and the suggestion of craters . Hubble images also had glimpsed a white spot on the dwarf planet , but its nature is still unknown .
`` Ceres is a 'planet ' that you 've probably never heard of , '' said Robert Mase , Dawn project manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . `` We 're excited to learn all about it with Dawn and share our discoveries with the world . ''
As the spacecraft gets closer to Ceres , its camera will return even better images . On March 6 , Dawn will enter into orbit around Ceres to capture detailed images and measure variations in light reflected from Ceres , which should reveal the planet 's surface composition .
`` We are already seeing areas and details on Ceres popping out that had not been seen before . For instance , there are several dark features in the southern hemisphere that might be craters within a region that is darker overall , '' said Carol Raymond , deputy principal investigator of the Dawn mission at JPL . `` Data from this mission will revolutionize our understanding of this unique body . Ceres is showing us tantalizing features that are whetting our appetite for the detailed exploration to come . ''
Ceres , the largest body between Mars and Jupiter in the main asteroid belt , has a diameter of about 590 miles ( 950 kilometers ) . Some scientists believe the dwarf planet harbored a subsurface ocean in the past and liquid water may still be lurking under its icy mantle .
Originally described as a planet , Ceres was later categorized as an asteroid , and then reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006 . The mysterious world was discovered in 1801 by astronomer Giuseppe Piazzi , who named the object for the Roman goddess of agriculture , grain crops , fertility and motherly relationships .
`` You may not realize that the word 'cereal ' comes from the name Ceres . Perhaps you already connected with the dwarf planet at breakfast today , '' said JPL 's Marc Rayman , mission director and chief engineer of the Dawn mission .
Powered by a uniquely capable ion propulsion system , Dawn also orbited and explored Vesta , the second most massive body in the asteroid belt . From 2011 to 2012 , Dawn returned more than 30,000 images , 18 million light measurements and other scientific data about the impressive large asteroid . Vesta has a diameter of about 326 miles ( 525 kilometers ) .
`` With the help of Dawn and other missions , we are continually adding to our understanding of how the solar system began and how the planets were formed , '' said Chris Russell , principal investigator for the Dawn mission , based at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Dawn 's mission to Vesta and Ceres is managed by JPL for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington . Dawn is a project of the directorate 's Discovery Program , managed by NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama . UCLA is responsible for overall Dawn mission science . Orbital Sciences Corp. of Dulles , Virginia , designed and built the spacecraft . JPL is managed for NASA by the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
The framing cameras were provided by the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Gottingen , Germany , with significant contributions by the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) Institute of Planetary Research in Berlin , and in coordination with the Institute of Computer and Communication Network Engineering in Braunschweig .
The visible and infrared mapping spectrometer was provided by the Italian Space Agency and the Italian National Institute for Astrophysics , was built by Selex ES , and is managed by Italy 's National Institute for Astrophysics and Planetology in Rome . The gamma ray and neutron detector was built by Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , and is operated by the Planetary Science Institute of Tucson , Arizona .
The new Dawn images are available online at :
http : //go.nasa.gov/1wyp0LA
To view the images taken by Hubble , visit :
http : //go.nasa.gov/1Ju41mf
More information about Dawn is available online at :
http : //www.nasa.gov/dawn
News Media Contact
Elizabeth LandauJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-6425elizabeth.landau @ jpl.nasa.govDwayne Brown / Felicia ChouNASA Headquarters , Washington202-358-1726 / 202-358-0257dwayne.c.brown @ nasa.gov / felicia.chou @ nasa.gov2015-034
A report surfaced Tuesday claiming that Queen Elizabeth II confirmed she would be able to slay President Donald Trump with impunity during his anticipated visit to the country later this year . The article originated on a satirical website , however , though real legal debate persists over whether the U.K. monarch is above the law .
The story first appeared on satirical U.K. website The Daily Mash , which wrote that Queen Elizabeth 's office released a statement confirming her ability to kill Trump with a sword without legal repercussions because `` Trump is a subject of the Crown . '' The article jokingly quotes Queen Elizabeth as saying , `` I have n't made up my mind yet . I might , '' later adding , `` I genuinely ca n't think of a reason not to . Anyone ? ''
While the article has been proven untrue , the question of whether England 's reigning monarch can be tried in the country 's courts has been a legitimate legal debate for some time . The entire U.K. legal system , as well as law enforcement and corrections department , are based on the monarch 's authority . London 's police leadership is appointed by the queen herself and officers swear to `` serve the Queen , '' making it a complicated legal situation .
All cases appearing in crown court are titled `` The Crown versus ... '' and are tried as such , meaning Queen Elizabeth technically would be both prosecuting and defending herself .
At least one U.K. man with police experience has said a case against the queen could not happen , even in the case of murder . Guy Croydon told London-based talk show station LBC that , based on his police training , authorities were helpless to stop the queen and that `` in theory , she could do what she wants . ''
The queen is subject to civil proceedings , however , under the 1947 Crown Proceedings Act . While she could not be tried or arrested , she could be sued for killing the U.S. leader . The queen would also likely face repercussions through parliament for her actions . The U.K. legislature system has the ability to strip her of her title , but not to retroactively charge her with a criminal act committed in her public capacity , according to journalist Ian Jackson .
While Queen Elizabeth is not likely to harm Trump during his visit , the president 's trip has sparked divisive political discourse in the country . Many in the U.K. were outraged by Trump 's recent executive order banning nationals from seven Muslim-majority , Middle Eastern countries from entering the U.S. and have accused him of racially polarizing policies . The U.K. 's parliament will debate whether Trump should visit or not Feb. 20 , while ordinary citizens have voiced their opinions through protests and petitions .
The second-most popular petition on the crown 's website , with over 1.8 million signatures , has asked Queen Elizabeth to not meet with Trump because `` it would cause embarassment . '' Another petition , with over half a million signatures , demands Trump be blocked from entering the country altogether , while one with over a quarter-million maintains that the visit should go ahead .
Queen Elizabeth invited Trump to visit on the advice of government officials and has not commented on the situation , but her grandson Prince Harry has reportedly voiced his displeasure with Trump . He , however , is subject to the law .
A suspended US lawyer has had his bid to marry his porn-filled laptop overturned by a judge .
Chris Sevier , who has been suspended from practising law on disability/mental health grounds , claimed he fell in love with his Apple MacBook and `` preferred having sex with it over all other persons or things '' .
“ Over time , I began preferring sex with my computer over sex with real women , '' Mr Sevier explained in a court filing . `` Naturally , I ‘ fell in love ' with my computer and preferred having sex with it over all other persons or things , as a result of classic conditioning upon orgasm . ”
Mr Savier claims if gay couples “ have the right to marry their object of sexual desire , even if they lack corresponding sexual parts , then I should have the right to marry my preferred sexual object . ”
Mr Sevier speaking in a YouTube video
Jude Robert Hale overturned Mr Savier 's motion , suggesting the movement was `` satirical '' . `` Or perhaps it is only removed from reality , '' he added . `` Either way , the motion has no place in this lawsuit . ”
Last year Mr Sevier attempted to sue Apple after the mistyping of 'Facebook ' led him to pornographic images while using the Safari browser .
He said the images `` poisoned his life '' , with his escalating addiction leading to the breakdown of his marriage and causing him “ to experience emotional distress to the point of hospitalisation . ”
CALGARY -- It was n't the outcome Samuel Montembeault wanted , but it 's an experience he 's not going to soon forget .
Montembeault made 18 saves but was saddled with the defeat in Canada 's 3-2 shootout loss against Russia on Wednesday during Canada 's National Junior Evaluation Camp at WinSport 's Markin MacPhail Centre at Canada Olympic Park .
It was his first time ever pulling on Canada 's jersey .
`` I really liked the experience , '' said Montembeault , who stopped two of three Russian players in the shootout . `` It was my first international game . We did n't get the win at the end . We would 've liked to , but we 'll get them back . ''
Marat Khayrullin ( undrafted ) scored in the bottom-half of the third round of the shootout to give Russia the win . Canada beat Russia 4-1 on Monday .
Montembeault forced the shootout by stopping Denis Gurianov , Washington 's first-round pick ( No . 12 ) in the 2015 NHL Draft , on a clear-cut breakaway midway through overtime .
Montembeault 's first experience with Canada did n't come without some jitters .
`` I was a bit stressed , '' he said . `` I wanted to get that first shot quickly , to make that first save , the one all goalies want to make first . As the game was going on I started to feel better . It 's no different than any other game , than junior . It 's a bit quicker . I had to adapt at the beginning , but I 'm proud I did . ''
Coach Dave Lowry came away impressed with the 18-year-old .
`` I thought he played with a lot of poise , '' Lowry said . `` I think what we have to do is we have to understand , keep things in perspective . It 's his first time . There 's a decent-sized crowd and there is a lot of pressure . I thought he handled it real well . ''
Montembeault posted a 33-11-7 record with the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada last season , with a 2.59 goals against average and .891 save percentage . He attended Canada 's Program of Excellence goaltending camp in June before the Panthers selected him in the third round ( No . 77 ) of the 2015 NHL Draft .
`` I 'm satisfied with my play tonight , '' Montembeault said . `` The guys played very well in front of me . At the end I 'm very proud of that . The guys were working hard in front of me , so I had to make those saves to keep them in the game . ''
He hopes for an encore come December .
Montembeault is one of three goaltenders at the Summer Showcase vying for the right to represent Canada at the 2016 IIHF World Junior Championship . The others , Mason McDonald ( Calgary Flames ) and Mackenzie Blackwood ( New Jersey Devils ) won their starts .
`` It would mean a lot to me , '' Montembeault said . `` To represent our country at the tournament would make me very proud . ''
Canada wraps up its exhibition series Thursday against the Czech Republic .
No official starter has been named for the game , though Lowry did offer a hint .
`` One that dressed tonight will play tomorrow , '' he said .
Spencer Watson ( Los Angeles Kings ) and Travis Dermott ( Toronto Maple Leafs ) scored for Canada in the loss .
Mikhail Yuzeev ( undrafted ) and Alexander Protapovich ( undrafted ) had goals for Russia . Alexander Georgiev ( undrafted ) made 23 saves in regulation and overtime and stopped all three Canada shooters in the win .
Ranking the Elm Street VHS Box Art !
A long while back , I ranked all of the Friday the 13th films based strictly on the merits of their VHS boxes . It was only natural that I 'd do the same for Freddy Krueger !
That 's my weird goal for today , and it is n't as pointless as it seems ! As I 've mentioned before , videocassette boxes used to be of utmost importance . When we were cluelessly wandering video stores looking for anything that looked interesting , “ great box art ” often trumped movie reviews , word-of-mouth advertising and even TV commercials . This was especially true in the horror genre , where we were n't even aware of many movies ' existences until we saw them sitting on the shelves of Ma and Pa 's Viddy Yo Emporium .
Before I start , some ground rules :
1 . I 'm not including Freddy vs. Jason or the remake . ( Freddy vs. Jason is too much a “ shared entity ” to fit in , and I do n't think the remake even had a VHS release . )
2 . Remember , these rankings are based on box art alone . I 'm trying to toss aside everything I know about the movies to do this . If NOES was new territory , which boxes would grab me most ?
3 . With the Friday the 13th series , the quality ranged from “ blah ” to “ awesome. ” By contrast , even the “ worst ” NOES box is still pretty good . A low-ranked box definitely does n't indicate suckage .
Off we go !
7th Place :
Wes Craven 's New Nightmare
( 1994 Theatrical Debut )
The most recent movie on this list comes in dead last . I do n't actively dislike it , but it 's ( perhaps fittingly ) missing the more “ absurd ” flavors of the earlier boxes . Truth be told , I love absurd flavors .
The problem is that the art is just too much a product of its time . Many mid ‘ 90s horror boxes did away with the buffoonery in favor of dark realism and lots of smoke effects . On one front , it 's effective , because if I 'm a six-year-old staring at Freddy Krueger video boxes , this is the one I 'd be most deathly afraid of . Truly , Freddy had never looked more like Satan . I just miss the fun .
6th Place :
A Nightmare on Elm Street 2 : Freddy 's Revenge
( 1985 Theatrical Debut )
I like the in-your-face quality of this box , which also highlights the fact that by the time the sequel came around , Freddy was n't just a device — he was the star . The first movie 's box only hinted at him , but Part 2 's was literally all about Freddy , with nary a hint of his planned “ revenge . ”
…but that 's also why it 's ranked so low . The best NOES boxes sent the uninitiated into deep thought , where we tried to envision movies that could possibly match up with such odd and macabre art . “ Freddy tearing through paper ” is neat , but it does n't leave much to the imagination .
5th Place :
A Nightmare on Elm Street
( 1984 Theatrical Debut )
I 'm guessing that many of you would place this one higher on the list . Perhaps much higher . Still , separating nostalgia and respect , I 'm not so sure that this tops Angry Giant Freddy Heads .
But what it does do is make you wonder . If I 'm an Elm Street newbie and I 'm browsing the horror aisle , there 's no way I would n't stop at this one . What was the significance of that weird cyborg claw ? Was the bad guy a robot ? And why is that girl staring at me so hard ? She looks kind of demonic . Is she a villain , too ?
Similar art was used on the original A Nightmare on Elm Street teaser poster . This truncated version removes all but the slightest hint of Freddy , and all told , I ca n't help but miss the monster .
4th Place :
Freddy 's Dead : The Final Nightmare
( 1991 Theatrical Debut )
I 'm gon na take some heat on this , and I wo n't pretend that it 's only because Freddy 's Dead has arguably become the least-loved in the series . I 'm sure some of you just think that the box blows .
Sorry , I disagree ! I 've always been a sucker for deep reds and purples in a rough “ stack , ” and if you focus only on the background , the box looks like the best part of a snow cone .
That 's the nice thing about completely subjective lists . I do n't have to have solid reasons for my choices . “ Looks like a snow cone ” is good enough .
3rd Place :
A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master
( 1988 Theatrical Debut )
Now we 're in the top three . I absolutely adore every box from here on out , and with almost impossible equivalence . It was very hard to choose between them .
Dream Master 's box does everything right . It 's spooky and scary , but also hella interesting . Only after really studying the box are you able to piece together that this “ Dream Master ” is using her ( ? ) powers to psychically yank the flesh off of Freddy 's face . I mean , I 've had this box for years and I 'm only now figuring that out .
A critic 's quote on the front compared Freddy to Darth Vader , and it might not be a coincidence that this was by far the most “ sci-fi ” of all the NOES boxes . Wonder if they were hedging their bets ?
2nd Place :
A Nightmare on Elm Street 5 : The Dream Child
( 1989 Theatrical Debut )
I do n't care what anyone says . I LOVE THIS BOX . The only thing keeping it from the top spot is the fact that they went too jokey . Freddy with a gothic stroller was funny enough on its own . I 'm not sure we needed the “ shhh ” gesture .
On the other hand , the cat was already out of the bag by then . Freddy was a pop icon , and no matter how little you knew about the NOES franchise , you absolutely knew who Freddy Krueger was : A killer as famed for his one-liners as his methods of torment . From a certain perspective , it made sense to be a little more comedic , here .
I did n't want nostalgia to play a part in my rankings , but I admit that it might be seeping into this one . I was n't actively seeking out NOES movies by this point , but I sure remember being mesmerized by Dream Child 's promo materials , which almost universally amounted to “ Freddy with a monster stroller. ” Oh , how my brain danced at that tantalizing vision .
If you 've never seen the film , what do you take from this box ? You 're probably envisioning a movie wherein Freddy Krueger 's monstrous red baby crawls around with rusty scissors , waiting for its supernatural claws to grow in . That 's much more sellable than the movie 's actual plot , by the way .
PS : Love that Freddy 's wearing his alternative workout shirt . Nice definition on your trapezius there , Krueger .
1st Place :
A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 : Dream Warriors
( 1987 Theatrical Debut )
Okay , let it be known that I desperately did n't want to make this my # 1 . Most of you know that Dream Warriors is my favorite film in the series , so I feared that this would n't look completely on the level .
I swear , it is . I tried to convince myself on an alternate order a dozen times , but there was no point in doing this if I was n't going to be honest . Even based on VHS box art alone , Dream Warriors really is my favorite .
It 's just a gorgeous box . Like a stormy night , it 's frightening and aggressive , yet weirdly serene . I suppose you could argue that Dream Master had more compelling art , but I think this one gives us so much more to work with .
It was no big leap to suspect that the four teenagers were the Dream Warriors , but what was their story ? One looked like Carrie , another was holding a spiked mace , and then there was a girl who looked like Heyday Cyndi Lauper . Horror movie victims did n't always grab us , especially before we knew much about them . This time , they were probably more interesting than Freddy — even from the onset !
…which is n't to say that Freddy himself was n't impressive . He so was . I 'm thinking the artist was a big fan of Krull . Subtly suggesting that Freddy had been reborn as a skyscraper-sized spectral terror dude was n't entirely truthful , but it sure did imply that Dream Warriors was going to be more extreme than its predecessors .
But hey , let 's keep it simple . Let 's strip all of the text from every box and imagine them as pure art prints . If we did that , which one would I want framed on my wall ?
This one .
Side note : The Dream Warriors team on the box only mildly represented the actual Dream Warriors from the film . None of them are an exact match , and some of them hint at characters that plainly never existed . So now I 'm really , really interested in writing Elm Street fanfiction with this team squaring off against Freddy instead .
Your turn ! In the comments , tell us how you 'd rank the boxes . Remember , the quality of the films should not be factored in . You should judge them based only on much the art appeals to you , and/or how much it intrigues you . I 'm ridiculously curious to see the responses !
The Tennessee Senate has approved a push to require cities and counties to either buy metal detectors , hire security guards and check bags at many public facilities , or let handgun permit holders bring in their guns .
The Senate passed the legislation in a 26-5 vote with an amendment Tuesday . The House approved a slightly different version last week .
The legislation has drawn concerns from gun control advocates and some cities . Nashville and Knoxville officials think the bill offers bad choices and could be costly because gun-rights groups could be eligible for triple attorney 's fees in lawsuits if they believe cities are banning guns out of compliance .
The NRA praised the bill , saying it holds local governments responsible for keeping citizens safe .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Would n't that be so bad ass ? Or am I just a geek ?
The New York Times picks up on concepts that libertarians have been talking about for years . From the article :
The great paradox of the European Union , which is built on the concept of shared sovereignty , is that it lowers the stakes for regions to push for independence .
Has the NYT been reading Notes On Liberty ? That 's a tongue-in-cheek question , of course , but one that makes me feel smug and sexy at the same time !
I have largely addressed the crisis in Europe from a political standpoint on this blog , and I do n't see that changing much over the next few years . Fiscal responsibility and civil society can only flourish if political institutions are well-defined .
The NYT article decided to quote a scholar at the European Council on Foreign Relations ( which is not * sigh * a think tank dedicated to furthering the interests of a small , elite circle of bankers and industrialists ) instead of me :
‘ The whole development of European integration has lowered the stakes for separation , because the entities that emerge know they do n't have to be fully autonomous and free-standing , ' said Mark Leonard , the director of the European Council on Foreign Relations . ‘ They know they 'll have access to a market of 500 million people and some of the protections of the E.U . '
If readers recall , that 's pretty much what I explained in my post on secessionist agitation in Spain the other day . Indeed , I wrote :
Now , though , the European Union has essentially taken the place of the nation-state as the chief entity in charge of standardizing trading policies in Europe . My line of thought leads me to conclude that this political setup is a great opportunity for regions that have been absorbed into larger nation-states to assert more fiscal ( local taxes ) and political ( local elections ) independence because of this region 's new interdependence with a larger part of the European economy thanks to the elimination of tariffs between the larger nation-states currently in place . In short , the confederation has provided the opportunity for smaller states to emerge while at the same time eliminating the parochial and self-defeating aspects ( trade policy ) of small state polities that often accompanies ‘ smallness . ' The best of both worlds has the chance to flower : local governance and total participation in world trade .
Damn , I 'm good .
Now , I 'd like to draw a quick historical sketch of 19th and 20th century Europe and apply it to some of the potential problems that might have arrived if it were n't for the implementation of the European Union . Anarcho-capitalists pay heed !
In the last decades of the 19th century large nation-states like Germany , Italy , and even France had just been formed after centuries of being composed of hundreds of small polities . These small polities were parochial , though , and many of these polities ' elite factions had erected protectionist barriers around their small territories . Cosmopolitan-but-despotic empires like those operating from Vienna , Budapest , Moscow and Istanbul flanked these small polities on their eastern side , and to the south were small Muslim polities haphazardly connected to the Ottoman Empire and dependent upon Mediterranean piracy and Saharan trade routes for their incomes .
The formation of these larger nation-states were undertaken , generally speaking , in order to unify territories considered to be connected under various broad cultural domains into a cohesive political unit and mercantile trading blocs . Despite the fact that the eastern flanks of these small polities were dominated by massive , cosmopolitan empires , military and strategic considerations were not that important , and when such considerations were brought up it was to lament the relative weakness of the small polities compared to states on their western flanks ( like imperial Britain , the Netherlands , and France ) .
A digression : remember , I am trying to sketch a brief historical account of the rise of large nation-states in Europe in order to apply it towards today 's political upheavals within the European Union , and explain why I think that the European Union , despite its recent trends towards centralization , is a good thing for European society .
Back to the issue at hand : after Germany , and Italy ( and even France ! ) achieved political unification , programs geared towards creating economic spheres of influence within these new nation-states began to be implemented . There were objections , of course , and liberalism ( in the classical sense ) had a number of brave voices arguing against the grain , but for the most part economic nationalism – in the form of carving up mercantile spheres of influence within the territories of the new nation-states – became part and parcel of these new nations ' political life and social life .
The political unification of these nation-states did not go down well with a number of people in a number of regions . The reasons for resistance were varied , but suffice it to say that there was an intense backlash against the centralization of power and the nationalization of everyday life in the new nation-states of central Europe .
To counter regional resistance , proponents of political centralization argued , rightly in my opinion , that political union had essentially halted the petty-but-bloody wars that had stricken Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . This intellectual argument was framed in terms of nationalistic pride when they trickled down into the political sphere of European life , and what emerged was a solid case against regional fracture that involved one part peace and one part national chauvinism , both of which were mixed together to create mercantilist spheres of influence .
The end result , of course , was the destruction of Europe through two large-scale , horrific wars .
Regional aspirations for more political autonomy have been voiced since the time of the creation of Germany and Italy in the late 19th century , but wars , nationalism , and fears of wars have largely kept these aspirations on the fringe of European political debates .
The European Union has created – again despite its many faults – a political situation where access to mercantilist spheres of influence are impossible and , by implication of this fact , so are petty ( but bloody ) wars . In short , the European Union has succeeded where the nation-states of Germany and Italy failed : by creating a massive free trade zone that would eliminate protectionist sentiments and the necessity of going to war for such policies . What is missing from the EuroZone equation that was present in the German-Italian one is the reliance upon cultural chauvinism ( violent nationalism , if you will ) to maintain legitimacy .
Given that Germany and Italy ( and all of the others ) have essentially been rendered obsolete by the European Union , I do n't see why it is not now safe for more and more states to emerge from the disappearance of these relics as standing members of the EuroZone .
Check out this map from the NYT :
The map only highlights some of the more high-profile separatist movements going on within the EuroZone , but I think you can grasp what a “ New New Europe ” would look like in the future . ( h/t Mike Gibson )
The implications of more states in the EuroZone are huge , by the way . Even if no new states are likely to emerge from democratic referendums , political structures in liberal democracies and authoritarian post-socialist/post-colonial states alike are likely to be affected in one way or another . At this point , I think it 's safe to say that incorporating an option into constitutions to allow for referendums on secession or regional autonomy are likely to do more good than harm , so long as the danger of throwing up protectionist sentiment is sufficiently sequestrated .
Political scientist Jason Sorens has a different take on the issue .
Cudjoe Kazoola Lewis ( c. 1840 – July 17 , 1935 ) , or Cudjo Lewis or Oluale Kossola , [ 3 ] was the last known survivor of the Atlantic slave trade between Africa and the United States . Together with 115 other African captives , he was brought illegally to the United States on board the ship Clotilda in 1860 . [ 4 ] They were landed in the backwaters near Mobile , Alabama , and hidden from authorities . The ship was scuttled to evade discovery .
After the Civil War , Lewis and other members of the Clotilda group became free and established a community at Magazine Point , north of Mobile , Alabama . Now designated as the Africatown Historic District , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 . [ 5 ] In old age Lewis preserved the experiences of the Clotilda captives by providing accounts of the history of the group to visitors , including Mobile artist and author Emma Langdon Roche and author and folklorist Zora Neale Hurston .
Early life and enslavement [ edit ]
Map drawn by Cudjo Lewis for Emma Langdon Roche to illustrate his capture .
He was born as Kossola or Oluale Kossola ( American listeners would later transcribe his given name as `` Kazoola '' ) , around 1840 in West Africa . Analyzing names and the other words attributed to the Africatown founders , historian Sylviane Diouf has concluded that he and many other members of the community belonged to what is now known as the Yoruba ethnic group , and lived in the Banté region of what is now Benin . His father was named Oluwale ( or Oluale ) and his mother Fondlolu ; he had five full siblings and twelve half-siblings , the children of his father 's other two wives . [ 6 ] Interviewers Roche and Hurston , and those who used their work , referred to Lewis and his fellow-captives as `` Tarkars . '' Diouf believes that the term `` Tarkar '' might have come from a misunderstanding of the name of a local king , or the name of a town . [ 7 ]
During April or May 1860 , Lewis was taken prisoner by the army of the Kingdom of Dahomey as part of its annual dry-season raids for slaves . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Along with other captives , he was taken to the slaving port of Ouidah and sold to Captain William Foster of the Clotilda , a ship based in Mobile , Alabama , and owned by businessman Timothy Meaher . Although importation of enslaved persons into the United States had been illegal since 1808 , Meaher may have believed that he could flout the law without consequences . [ 10 ] Some reports suggest that breaking the law was part of Meaher 's motivation for importing the slaves , as he reportedly bet a businessman $ 100,000 that he could circumvent the prohibition on transporting slaves . [ 11 ] In a similar situation , the owners of the Wanderer , which had illegally brought a cargo of enslaved people to Georgia in 1858 , were indicted and tried for piracy in the federal court in Savannah in May 1860 but acquitted in a jury trial . [ 12 ] By the time the Clotilda reached the Mississippi coast in July 1860 , government officials had been alerted to its activities , and Timothy Meaher , his brother Burns , and their associate John Dabney were charged with illegal possession of the captives . However , there was a gap of almost five months between the end of July 1860 , when summonses and writs of seizure were issued against the Meahers and Dabney , and mid-December when they received them . During the intervening period the captives were dispersed and hidden , and without their physical presence as evidence the case was dismissed in January 1861 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
Until the end of the Civil War ( 1861–65 ) , Lewis and his fellows lived as de facto slaves of Meaher , his brothers , or their associates . [ 15 ] Lewis was purchased by James Meaher , for whom he worked as a deckhand on a steamer . [ 16 ] During this time he became known as `` Cudjo Lewis . '' He later explained that he suggested `` Cudjo , '' a day-name commonly given to boys born on a Monday , as an alternative to his given name when James Meaher had difficulty pronouncing `` Kossola . '' Historian Diouf posits that the surname `` Lewis '' was a corruption of his father 's name Oluale , sharing the `` lu '' sound ; in his homeland , the closest analogue to what Americans understood as a surname would have been a patronymic . [ 17 ]
Life in Africatown [ edit ]
Establishment of Africatown [ edit ]
Clotilda group . Cudjo Kazoola Lewis photographed with Abache ( Clara Turner ) by Emma Roche , c. 1914 . By then there were eight surviving members of thegroup .
During their time in slavery , Lewis and many of the other Clotilda captives were located at an area north of Mobile known as Magazine Point , the Plateau , or `` Meaher 's hammock , '' where the Meahers owned a mill and a shipyard . Although only three miles from the town of Mobile , it was isolated , separated from the city by a swamp and a forest , and easily accessible only by water . After the abolition of slavery and the end of the Civil War , the Clotilda captives tried to raise money to return to their homeland . The men worked in lumber mills and the women raised and sold produce , but these occupations did not allow them to acquire sufficient funds . [ 18 ] After realizing that they would not be able to return to Africa , the group deputized Lewis to ask Timothy Meaher for a grant of land . When he refused , the members of the community continued to raise money and began to purchase land around Magazine Point . [ 19 ] On September 30 , 1872 , Lewis bought about two acres of land in the Plateau area for $ 100.00 . [ 20 ]
Africatown developed as a self-contained community . The group appointed leaders to enforce communal norms derived from their shared African background , and developed institutions including a church , a school , and a cemetery . Diouf explains that Africatown was unique because it was both a `` black town , '' inhabited exclusively by people of African ancestry , and an enclave of people born in another country . She writes , `` Black towns were safe havens from racism , but African Town was a refuge from Americans . `` [ 21 ] Writing in 1914 , Emma Langdon Roche noted that the surviving founders of Africatown preferred to speak in their own language among themselves . She described the English of adults as `` very broken and not always intelligible even to those who have lived among them for many years . `` [ 22 ] However , the residents also adopted some American customs , including Christianity . Lewis converted in 1869 , joining a Baptist church . [ 23 ]
Grave of Aleck/Elick Lewis , whose father , Cudjoe and mother , Abile `` Celia '' were among the last Africans brought to the United States through the Atlantic slave trade , in the Plateau Cemetery , Africatown , Mobile .
Marriage and family life [ edit ]
During the mid-1860s Lewis established a common-law relationship with another Clotilda survivor , Abile ( Americanized as `` Celia '' ) . They formally married on March 15 , 1880 , along with several other couples from Africatown . They remained together until Abile 's death in 1905 . [ 24 ]
They had six children , five sons and a daughter , to each of whom they gave both an African name and an American name . [ 11 ] Their eldest son , Aleck ( or Elick ) Iyadjemi , became a grocer ; he brought his wife to live in a house on his father 's land . Diouf describes this arrangement as a Yoruba-style `` family compound . '' Another son , Cudjoe Feïchtan , was fatally shot by a sheriff 's deputy in 1902 . [ 11 ] Lewis outlived all of his children as well as his wife . He allowed his daughter-in-law Mary Wood Lewis , his grandchildren , and eventually her second husband Joe Lewis ( no relation ) to remain in their house in the compound . [ 25 ]
Lewis worked as a farmer and laborer until 1902 , when his buggy was damaged and he was injured in a collision with a train in Mobile . As he was then unable to work , the community appointed him as sexton of the church . In 1903 it took the name of the Union Missionary Baptist Church . [ 26 ]
Participation in American institutions [ edit ]
Although native-born American former slaves became citizens upon the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in July 1868 , this change in status did not apply to the members of the Clotilda group , who were foreign-born . Cudjo Kazoola Lewis became a naturalized American citizen on October 24 , 1868 . [ 27 ]
Lewis utilized the American legal system in 1902 after his injury in the buggy-train collision . After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad refused to pay damages , he hired an attorney , sued the railroad , and won a significant settlement of $ 650.00 . The award was overturned on appeal. [ 28 ] [ why ? ]
Role as storyteller and historian [ edit ]
In the first quarter of the 20th century , Lewis began to serve as an informant for scholars and other writers , sharing the history of the Clotilda Africans and traditional stories and tales . Emma Langdon Roche , a Mobile-based writer and artist , interviewed Lewis and the other survivors for her 1914 book Historic Sketches of the South . She described their capture in Africa , enslavement , and lives in Africatown . They requested that she use their African names in her work , in the hope that it might reach their homeland `` where some might remember them . `` [ 29 ]
By 1925 , Lewis was the last African survivor of the Clotilda ; he was interviewed by educator and folklorist Arthur Huff Fauset of Philadelphia . In 1927 Fauset published two of Lewis ' animal tales , `` T'appin 's magic dipper and whip '' and `` T'appin fooled by Billy Goat 's eyes , '' and `` Lion Hunt , '' his autobiographical account about hunting in Africa , in the Journal of American Folklore . [ 30 ]
Detail of commemorative marker for Cudjo Lewis , Plateau Cemetery , Africatown , Mobile .
In 1927 Lewis was interviewed by the folklorist Zora Neale Hurston . The next year she published an article , `` Cudjoe 's Own Story of the Last African Slaver '' ( 1928 ) . According to her biographer Robert E. Hemenway , this piece largely plagiarized Emma Roche 's work , [ 31 ] although Hurston added information about daily life in Lewis ' home village of Banté . [ 32 ] In 1928 Hurston returned with additional resources ; she conducted more interviews , took photographs , and recorded what is the only known film footage of an African who had been trafficked to the United States through the slave trade . Based on this material , she wrote a manuscript , Barracoon , which Hemenway described as `` a highly dramatic , semifictionalized narrative intended for the popular reader . `` [ 33 ] [ 34 ] After this round of interviews , Hurston 's literary patron , philanthropist Charlotte Osgood Mason , learned of Lewis and began to send him money for his support . [ 34 ] Lewis was also interviewed by journalists for local and national publications . [ 35 ] Hurston 's book Barracoon : The Story of the Last Black Cargo was finally published on May 8 , 2018 . [ 36 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
Cudjo Lewis died July 17 , 1935 , and was buried at the Plateau Cemetery in Africatown . Since his death , his status as the last survivor of the Clotilda and the written record created by his interviewers have made him a public figure of the history of the community .
See also [ edit ]
( This August 15 story has been corrected in second paragraph to show previous attack was on Saturday , not Tuesday )
By Gul and Yousafzai
QUETTA , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A roadside bomb killed eight soldiers in a remote district in Pakistan 's southwestern province of Baluchistan , a government official said on Tuesday , the second attack within days in the troubled region .
The blast late on Monday in Harnai district was some 160 km ( 100 miles ) east of the provincial capital , Quetta , where a suicide bomber rammed his motorcycle into an army truck on Saturday , killing eight soldiers and seven civilians .
The separatist Baloch Liberation Army ( BLA ) group claimed responsibility for the bombing in phone calls made to media in Quetta . Islamic State said it carried out Saturday 's bombing .
Army chief General Qamar Bajwa said the attack was an attempt to mar celebrations on Monday as Pakistan celebrated 70 years since independence from British colonial rule .
“ Our resolve wo n't succumb to any challenge , ” Bajwa said in a statement the army media wing posted on Twitter .
Separatist militants in Baluchistan have waged a campaign against the central government for decades , demanding a greater share of resources in the gas-rich province , which is a key part of a $ 57 billion Chinese economic corridor through Pakistan .
The province , which shares border with Afghanistan and Iran , was rocked by a series of attacks late last year that raised concerns about a growing militant presence , including fighters affiliated with Islamic State .
Matt Peacock reported this story on Tuesday , December 27 , 2011 08:03:00
PETER CAVE : The Indonesian Human Rights Commission has launched an inquiry into the fatal police shooting of at least two demonstrators protesting against an Australian mining operation near the port of Sape in Eastern Indonesia .
Anti-mining activists say police fired live ammunition into a crowd blockading the port on Christmas Eve . The blockade had been organised in opposition to a proposed gold mine in the area , which the protestors claim will cause environmental damage to farming land and water supplies .
But the Australian company , Arc Exploration , denies any mining has yet taken place , with its limited operations still at the exploration stage .
Matt Peacock reports .
MATT PEACOCK : Graphic pictures on local Indonesian broadcaster Metro TV showed police firing what appeared to be live ammunition into a crowd of protesters on Christmas Eve , with police confirming later that two people had been killed and 47 people wounded . Reports from anti-mining activists put the death toll is as high as 12 .
Today the Indonesian National Commission on Human Rights plans to send a team to the port of Sape , in the West Nusa Tenggara province , to establish why the police fired directly into the crowd .
Police say the protesters had blockaded the port for days , and were armed with machetes and Molotov cocktails . They are conducting their own investigation into the shootings .
The Australian company at the centre of the protest , Arc Exploration , is a small Sydney-based operation which denies that any gold mine is yet underway . The company plans to issue a statement to the Sydney Stock Exchange when it reopens after the Christmas break , but it 's understood that it 's already withdrawn its handful of mainly Indonesian-based geologists from the area until tensions ease .
They have been conducting what 's known as trenching , taking samples of soil as part of a prospecting operation , to establish whether or not there is minable gold in the area . But any actual mine would still be many years away .
The Indonesian-based Mining Advocacy Network website claims that the protests were organised because local farmers and fishermen are concerned that a gold mine would disrupt agricultural lands and water resources and it has called for the sacking of the local chief of police .
The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs says it 's aware of the reported deaths and police inquiry .
The area has been the site of a series of demonstrations dating back several months , with Arc Explorations stating in its June quarterly report that no exploration work had been possible due to protests .
This latest escalation of violence will do little to instil confidence in any future mining operations in the region .
PETER CAVE : Matt Peacock reporting .
A Saudi reportedly has offered $ 10 million for just one of the shoes thrown at President Bush in Iraq . That got me thinking . The journalist who threw the shoes no longer possesses them , of course , but hopefully some member of the White House staff picked them up and will do a deal with the Saudi buyer . The second one could be put on Ebay to defray the White House travel costs .
But that got me thinking . The Times article about the Saudi offer says that the shoe-thrower is a hero around Iraq , and indeed in much of the Arab world . That suggests that the resale market for shoes thrown at Mr. Bush is fairly deep . And in this difficult economic environment , can we as a nation overlook any way of raising money ?
Could n't we trot out Mr. Bush before a series of , er , unfriendly audiences , with a White house aide then designated to collect the shoes and auction them off ? ( To protect Mr. Bush , we could insist that attendees wear only slippers , but in any case he seems to have excellent reflexes and is a pretty good sport . ) My own research suggests that a three-week presidential tour of the Islamic world , Latin America and Western Europe would generate a considerable number of flying shoes . Even if there are diminishing returns and we can sell them for an average of only $ 3 million each , that could bring hundreds of millions of dollars into the Treasury . If a Saudi will pay $ 10 million for a single shoe that missed the president , consider the income-earning potential of a pair of slippers that actually grazed a presidential ear , perhaps autographed by him as well ? Given that a lame-duck president does n't have much else to do , Mr. Bush might as well spend his final weeks raising money to pay for a fiscal stimulus , and the United States might capitalize on his global unpopularity .
Any thoughts for how we could refine the business model ?
( UPDATE : Some people seem to have thought that this was a column . Nope , it 's a blog item , on my blog , www.nytimes.com/ontheground . For better or worse , the blog is always more informal — and , yes , occasionally satirical — in a way that the column itself is n't . )
The long courtship with Elizabethtown , KY defensive tackle Matt Elam is finally coming to an end as he will make his choice at 11am CT / 12 noon ET today .
For several months he was torn between the local school , Kentucky , and perennial powerhouse Alabama . It is well-known that Elam would like to stay close to his family but Elam 's mom has told reporters that she is willing to relocate if her son chooses Alabama .
Bama Coaches Kirby Smart , Lance Thompson , and Bo Davis were all scheduled to be visiting Elam today at John Hardin High School .
At the Army All-American Game , the 4-star was measured at 6-4 7/8 and 372 lbs with a 6-8 1/2 wing span . This big man specialized in stuffing the run .
Alabama currently has 25 commitments with D.J . Pettway not counting against this class . Eight of the commitments are already enrolled at the Capstone .
As reported Wednesday , defensive tackle commit O.J . Smith is set to visit Mississippi State this weekend which raises speculation that he may flip to the Cowbell Nation .
Reports are surfacing today is that safety commit Chris Williams might be planning on visiting Central Florida this weekend .
Stay tuned ...
October 28 , 2015 / Brooklyn news / Red Hook John Quadrozzi Jr. wants to bring S.S. United States to Red Hook Berth of a nation ! Red Hook dock owner wants to house historic S.S. United States for The Brooklyn Paper
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
He is waiting for his ship to come in !
The owners of historic luxury passenger liner the S.S. United States — which is currently wasting away in a Philadelphia berth — are trying to save the ship from the scrap heap , and a Red Hook businessman wants to dock it at his waterfront empire and turn it into a floating office and entertainment complex .
“ I ca n't say enough how exciting it would be to be a part of getting this ship sited in this area of Red Hook , ” said concrete magnate John Quadrozzi Jr. , who owns the Gowanus Bay Terminal at the end of Columbia Street .
The 63-year-old behemoth known as “ America 's Flagship ” — once the fastest ocean liner in the world — ferried icons including John F. Kennedy , Walt Disney , John Wayne , and Marilyn Monroe across the Atlantic during its heyday .
But the rise of air travel eventually put it out of commission , and for the past 19 years it has languished , racking up a maintenance bill of $ 60,000 per month that its skippers say they ca n't afford to foot for much longer — so they sent out an S.O.S . to New Yorkers interested in housing it and fixing it up , and Quadrozzi answered the call .
His pitch is to gussy up the gutted vessel 's 12 decks — which span 13 football fields worth of space — and fill them with offices for start-ups , a gym and swimming pool , eateries , a theater , a maritime school , and a maritime museum . The ship would be self-sustaining , he claims , converting waste to energy and harnessing solar and wind power .
The plan may sound Titanic — in fact , the boat itself is larger — but Quadrozzi says both he and the S.S. United States Conservancy , which has owned the craft since 1999 , believe it holds water .
“ The conservancy feels not only would it physically be a good space to support the economics of the ship , it would be viable , ” he said .
The extreme makeover would cost somewhere between $ 50 and $ 200 million , according to the conservancy , plus a $ 2 million ticket to tow the vessel from Philly to Red Hook .
Quadrozzi wo n't foot the bill himself , but he will host the ship at his Red Hook facility rent-free , and both he and the conservancy say they are in the midst of talks with donors , developers , investors , and government agencies to fund the endeavor .
The conservancy says it is still deciding between the Red Hook plan and an undisclosed Manhattan location — or the scrapyard , if neither is viable — and hopes to make a decision by early November .
If the conservancy crew selects his plan , Quadrozzi says he will start a steering committee made up of members of the community to discuss the impact of the ship on the neighborhood .
Red Hook is home to several repurposed boats — Gowanus Bay Terminal already hosts the 107-year-old S.S. Yankee that owners are hoping to turn into a museum and gallery , oil tanker-turned-floating-education-space the Mary A. Whalen is docked in Atlantic Basin , and the Waterfront Museum at the end of Conover Street is housed on a 100-year-old barge — and residents say the S.S. United States would be a welcome addition to the neighborhood flotilla .
“ It would have an incredible impact , it would create a huge space of commercial and industrial use in Red Hook which is really in line with what the neighborhood uses are now , ” said Victoria Hagman , a member of Community Board 6 who has lived in the area for 13 years . “ It will be really exciting to have a historic ship located right here . ”
Updated 10:17 pm , July 9 , 2018 : The S.S. United States was the largest ocean liner constructed in the US , but not the world .
©2015
Thanks to Susan Bradley for reporting this to ISC .
We 're receiving multiple reports of a phishing campaign using the template from a legitimate Microsoft email regarding Important Changes to Microsoft Services Agreement and Communication Preferences .
The legitimate version of this email is specific to a services agreement seen here , per a change to Microsoft services as of 27 AUG .
The evil version of this email will subject victim to a hyperlink that will send them to a Blackhole-compromised website , which will in turn deliver a fresh Zeus variant .
I 'll walk you though the full sample set I analyzed . Susan sent us an email including the following header snippet :
Received : from [ 101.5.162.236 ] ( [ 101.5.162.236 ] ) by
inbound94.exchangedefender.com ( 8.13.8/8.13.1 ) with ESMTP id q7VFDPjO029166
A legitimate header snippet :
Received : from smtpi.msn.com ( [ 65.55.52.232 ] ) by COL0-MC3-F43.Col0.hotmail.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC ( 6.0.3790.4900 )
101.5.162.236 is in China , 65.55.52.232 is Microsoft .
The legitimate email will include a hyperlink for http : //email.microsoft.com/Key-9850301.C.DLs15.C.KK.DlNkNK , which points to the above mentioned services agreement .
Obfuscated to protect the innocent : The phishing mail will instead include a hyperlink to the likes of allseasons * * * * .us , radiothat * * * * .com , and likely a plethora of others . I assessed radiothat * * * * .com and was redirected to 209.x.y.14 which is running the very latest Blackhole evil as described on 28 AUG by Websense in this post .
Source code review of the web page served included < applet/code= '' ndshesa.ndshesf '' /archive= '' Leh.jar '' > < param/nam=123 name=uid value= '' N013:011:011:04:037:061:061:047:034:076:074:0102:076:074:047:047:047:074:067:053:061:04:074:04:013:04:075:054:071:034:067:053:034:034:02:065:071:034 '' / > < /applet >
The VirusTotal link for Leh.jar is here , and the VirusTotal link for the Zeus variant offered is here .
Recommendations :
Hover over hyperlinks and ensure they are directing you to legitimate sites before clicking . Be cautious even thereafter . Contemplate disabling Java until the next update is released . Review email headers if in doubt for messages you receive that seem suspicious . Keep your antimalware signatures up to date . While limited at the moment , detection for both the Java exploit and the Zeus variant is increasing .
Ping us with questions or comments , as well as anything you 'd like to share regarding similarly received emails from this phishing campaign .
Russ McRee | @ holisticinfosec
Our friends at GATA report an interesting development in its multi-year confrontation with the Fed , namely that the organization has `` scored a small but perhaps auspicious victory over the Federal Reserve in our lawsuit seeking access to the Fed 's secret gold files . The judge presiding over GATA 's federal freedom-of-information lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , Ellen Segal Huvelle , granted GATA 's motion to order the Fed to produce in complete form for the judge 's private review 20 gold-related documents the Fed has sought to keep secret . The judge ordered the Fed to deliver the documents by Friday . '' While this does not mean that the Fed will actually publicly announce that its gold vaults are in fact filled with GLD stock certificates , it does put the Fed in an unpleasant position to have to escalate its defense of its secrecy in an increasingly more sensitive topic , i.e. , precious metals price manipulation with or without JP Morgan , and is a definite setback for Bernanke in his pretend push to make the Fed appear more transparent .
More from GATA :
The judge 's order to the Fed to produce documents for her private review can be found at GATA 's Internet site here :
http : //www.gata.org/files/GATAFedLawsuitCourtOrder-01-10-2011.pdf
Those who are skeptical of GATA 's complaint that the Federal Reserve is part of an international gold-price rigging scheme should reflect on the meaning of the Fed 's refusal to disclose all its gold-related records , records that include gold swap arrangements with foreign banks :
http : //www.gata.org/node/8192
If the U.S. gold reserves are just sitting somewhere , inert , unencumbered , and unused for surreptitious market intervention , what 's the problem with full disclosure ?
Financial journalists unafraid of aggravating the world 's financial powers should start putting gold-related questions to the Fed and other central banks and stop simply assuming that secrecy should be the normal order of things with central banks and gold .
And people everywhere who believe in free markets in the monetary metals and who have not already supported GATA financially can join our struggle here :
http : //www.gata.org/node/16
This struggle could have been undertaken easily and likely more effectively by the World Gold Council , which aims to represent gold mining companies and gold investors . But the council 's indifference to questions of surreptitious central bank intervention in the gold market has left the struggle to GATA . We need your help to pursue this struggle to victory for free markets , limited government , and a better , fairer world .
And from the actual order :
As new asset classes emerge , parallel information markets spring up to accomodate them . After all , financial markets are simply mechanisms to compensate the informed . Ultimately , markets are information-discovery systems , and it 's no surprise that a huge set of cryptoasset information services have appeared in the last few months to cater to investor demand . Coinmetrics.io is one such entity .
There 's a staggering amount of information out there , and it 's hard to sift through it . That said , only a small portion of the news , data , and analysis services out there is relevant to fundamental cryptoasset investors . The vast majority consists of technical analysis and mcap rankings . Technical analysis , in our opinion , may be useful for optimal execution , but is a poor substitute for sincere asset appraisal . We 're therefore compiling a list of some of the best , and possibly overlooked , resources for investors .
This is part I of the series . Future posts will cover coin ranking sites ( CoinMarketCap and its peers ) , a selection of the best blogs , data visualizations , ICO rating sites , academic and industry research , and think tanks .
* * *
We 're starting with indices ( I prefer the latin pluralization because I think it sounds nicer , but you can use ‘ indexes ' if you like ) because they are generally ignored by investors . As the market matures , and assets begin to decisively de-correlate themselves from bitcoin and ethereum , neither will be a reliable proxy for the overall health of the market . Until now , Bitcoin was the de facto index , which has proved problematic as its influence has waned . It 's only a matter of time until an investable index is brought to market – but first , reliable indices need to exist .
Like equity markets have the S & P500 and the Dow Jones , cryptoasset markets have their own benchmarks . These allow you to say things like “ bitcoin is down 5 % on the day despite the positive market index ” or something like “ in the last year , dogecoin is showing a beta of 1.8 against the market , so it 's highly sensitive to market movements ” or even “ Dash has a negative market beta and is therefore a potential hedge. ” ( These examples are made up . ) The point is , indices are tremendously useful , and underused right now .
Why not add up the total value of all cryptoassets , as many data sources currently do ? At time of writing , CoinMarketCap lists this figure at just over $ 94 billion . This , however is a very poor way of assessing the performance of the market . The essential mcap problem rears its head again here . There are many digital currencies with minuscule circulation relative to their perceived market value . For instance , at the time of writing , Komodo has a mcap of $ 143m and a 24h circulation of $ 669k , meaning a mere 0.46 % of the currency has turned over on exchanges . For Soarcoin , the 69th ranked asset on CoinMarketCap , that 24h exchange turnover is 0.1 % . Bitcoin 's is closer to 2 % . Peerplays , ranked 74th , whose $ 31m mcap is included in the simple index of all cryptoassets , saw just 0.02 % of its value turn over on exchanges in the last 24 hours .
These numbers demonstrate that many cryptoassets have a market value that is entirely divorced from the value of coins in circulation . Illiquidity means investors practically can not ‘ buy the index ' , so it 's best for indices to exclude highly illiquid assets . Not to mention that the $ 94b figure includes the $ 9 billion that Ripple accounts for , which does not satisfy several of the features of a cryptocurrency .
A weighted , restricted index is therefore required . Recently , new indices have answered the call , enabling investors to get a better feel for how the markets are faring . None of these are mainstream yet but I assume one will eventually come to predominate . First among them is the oldest , CRIX .
CRIX
The CRyptocurrency IndeX , computed by a team of statisticians at Humboldt University in Berlin , is , to the best of our knowledge , the first serious attempt at building a cryptocurrency index . That is its principal strength : it provides an estimation of the development of the market since August 2014 . Its initial value of 1000 has grown to roughly 8500 today , indicating that investors buying the cap-weighted index would have earned a 113 % compound annual growth rate .
The CRIX methodology is detailed in this paper , which is about as comprehensible to normal folks as Shakespeare is to a sea cucumber . The important takeaways are as follows :
The CRIX is statistically designed to be frugal in its construction – i.e . it seeks to mimic market movements while minimizing the number of components It is designed with a statistical methodology ( the Laspyres index ) which aims to faithfully track immature and rapidly-changing markets
The CRIX launched in 2014 with 30 members , and currently lists 65 ( contrary to the text on the website ) , although it had as few as 5 members in April of this year . This is probably its greatest drawback . Their willingness to create a dynamic , algorithmically rebalanced index , trades off against predictability in terms of the number of constituents . The index does n't offer historical rebalancing data and does n't indicate current weights , forcing investors to work it out for themselves . Its unassuming nature , technical obscurity , and general lack of self-promotion probably explain why it has n't caught on . Its greatest strengths are its statistical sophistication and the fact that it dates back to 2014 , far out-dating the other two indices profiled here .
The Smith + Crown Index ( SCI )
Smith + Crown will be featuring repeatedly in this series , since they are one of the best resources for investors interested in series research . Their index is more restrictive , requiring that constituents be three months old , have adequate liquidity , have a sufficiently large market cap , and are properly distributed ( sorry ripple ! ) . All of these restrictions make a lot of sense , even if the numbers are somewhat arbitrary . Only eleven currencies make the cut . All of the currencies profiled on our data download page are there , aside from Zcash and Decred . Smith + Crown prides practicality , plausibility and an easy-to-follow set of constituents above all else . This makes for a very simple index for investors to actually mimic . It does however only capture 76 % of the total cryptoasset market cap , but again , this may be an advantage , since it omits returns from assets which would-be indexers may not actually be able to capture . By definition , micro-caps ca n't deliver exceptional returns to a mainstream audience .
The Smith + Crown index is very professionally done , and offers a wealth of information on constituents and performance . Our main criticism would be the arbitrary nature of the selection criteria , although it 's fairly doubtful that many other currencies beyond the 11 profiled are necessary to get a good feel for the market at large . I have trouble imagining how the SCI could backtest itself to , say , 2014 , for historical usefulness , since it uses mcap and liquidity thresholds for its selection criteria . Few cryptocurrencies would have satisfied their conditions prior to 2017 .
Additionally , Smith + Crown do n't publish detailed information on their divisor , and they did n't respond to our query . The index abruptly starts at 6,107 points on June 8th . More detail here would be welcome .
Nonetheless , the SCI is simple and easy to understand , contains a plausible basket of cryptoassets , and crucially is backed by the influential Smith + Crown , who are growing in stature . I would n't be surprised if their index became the first one quoted in the financial media once the press begins to understand the cryptoasset market with a bit more sophistication .
The Bletchley Indexes
A new addition to the set , the Bletchley indexes exploded on to the scene recently . Bletchley , named after the British codebreaking headquarters during WWII where the Enigma was cracked , aims to reduce the vast complexity of cryptoasset markets to a simple set of indicators . They present four benchmarks . Chief among them is their top 10 mcap-weighted index , as well as an index tracking the performance of the next 20 assets ( i.e . starting with the 11th through 30th-largest cryptoassets that satisfy their criteria ) . This latter index is called the Bletchley 20 , although it could be interpreted as a medium or small cap index . Breaking with index tradition , Bletchley also offer equal-weight alternatives to the top 10 and 20 .
In equities , the most persistent anomalies relate to value and size , meaning that assets with a depressed market value ( relative to their book value ) tend to outperform their more glamorous counterparts , and smaller assets tend to do better . There exists no easy way to determine value in cryptoasset land ( although you could start by looking at the market to transaction value ) , so it 's not easily testable for now . Equal weight indexing is a way to get exposure to the value factor , since most indexes are cap-weighted . Buying a cap weighted S & P500 index , like Vanguard 's ETF VOO , means you buy assets in proportion to their market cap . So you 'd buy 3.9 % Apple , 2.8 % Alphabet , 2.6 % Microsoft , and so on . Rebalancing along a cap-weighting has the effect of disproportionately exposing investors to assets which have done well recently , and reducing their exposure to ‘ value ' stocks . If you want a moderate value tilt in your portfolio , equal-weight indexing is one way to do it .
The Bletchley indexes also give insight into the size factor in cryptoassets . What the Bletchley20 tells us so far is that small cryptoassets are generally very sensitive to market movements . So when bitcoin/ethereum are up , they 're up big , and when they 're down , they get crushed . The Bletchley20 exploded by a factor of 9 from mid-March to mid-June , compared by a multiple of just 4.5 for the Bletchley10 . Whether they outperform in the long term is another matter entirely . Due to network effects and a limited pool of developer talent , cryptoasset value may eventually concentrate in a few large networks , quashing smaller assets .
Interestingly , CRIX and Bletchley differ fairly significantly in their magnitudes . The CRIX is more sensitive than the Bletchley10 . For instance , from April 1 to the June 11 market peak , CRIX increased by 415 % , as opposed to Bletchley10 which increased by 376 % in that same period . Both indices are cap-weighted ( so bitcoin makes up the largest portion of the index , followed by ethereum , and so on ) , but CRIX has 30 constituents to Bletchley 's 10 . This might explain their deviation , but so too might the CRIX ' reliance on a more exotic index construction than Bletchley .
The Bletchley indexes are innovative and rigorous – quite simply , a fantastic addition to the index market . Bletchley rebalances monthly according to a criterion assessing volume as a percentage of market cap . Their methodology and monthly weighting data is comprehensive and detailed . It 's easy for investors to follow along and track the index .
September 15 update : Bletchley has also added an index of tokens built on the Ethereum platform ( but excluding ethereum and ethereum classic ) . We welcome this development as it 's fantastically useful to see the market segmented like this .
Index comparison
CRIX Smith + Crown Bletchley10 Bletchley10 EW Constituents 30 11 10 10 Exclusion criteria Liquidity rules ( see website ) , mcap ranking Age , Mcap threshold , liquidity threshold , no centralized assets Liquidity rule , dominant exchange rule , mcap ranking , no pegged assets Same as Bletchley10 Rebalancing Monthly As needed Monthly Monthly Weighting Mcap weighted Mcap weighted Equal weighted BTC % ( July 6 ) 46.01 % 55.39 % 45.8 % 10 % Calculation Laspyres index based Unknown Simple adjusted mcap / divisor Adjusted mcap/ 10 Inception Aug. 1 , 2014 Jun . 6 , 2017 Mar . 17 , 2017 Mar . 17 , 2017 Exportable data Yes No Yes Yes
Finally , here 's a snapshot of the last week at each index ( in order : Bletchley10 , SCI , CRIX ) . You can see that CRIX offers significantly less granular data . The SCI and the Bletchley10 look virtually identical , since they have many of the same constituents .
Ultimately , I imagine that the market will continue to mature and segment , and cryptocurrencies will only represent a small corner of the market . I can imagine a fragmentation of the market into at least cryptocurrencies and appcoins ( tokens ) . They will be sufficiently dissimilar that they will be treated and tracked differently , much like how we treat Japanese and American stocks differently . It will be considered somewhat naive and old-fashioned to lump everything running on a cryptographic ledger together . However , we are not yet at that point , and these indices are still emerging . Indexing innovation should be welcomed by traders , investors , and academics alike .
* * *
Update , July 10 : Our readers gave us a lot of valuable feedback on the article , including links to index products . I had looked at Bittwenty and Iconomi in researching the article , but passed them over as they appeared defunct , and poorly-designed , respectively . However they do purport to offer investors exposure to the market index , so I 'll discuss them briefly .
Bittwenty is a token that trades on BitShares . It tracks the performance of a basket of the top 20 cryptoassets . It 's a cap-weighted index with a threshold cap , so no asset can exceed 10 % of the allocation . This gives it a small-size tilt . They claim that Bit20 can faithfully track the index through an ETF-like structure with share creation and redemption , but I have n't tested this . Invest at your own risk .
Iconomi is a semi-new product which looks to be some sort of eToro for cryptoassets . Ultimately they want to enable putative traders/asset managers to try out various strategies and attract investors . They call these strategies digital asset arrays ( DAAs ) . The first DAA is ICNX , which is a passive index fund . Except it boasts a hefty 3 % management fee and a 0.5 % exit fee . And it uses a non-public weighting mechanism ( it caps bitcoin at 15 % ) . Both of those things scream ‘ active fund masquerading as a passive fund ' to me . INCX is available , as I understand , to Iconomi ICO investors , who are just now gaining access after a long wait . Quite the price for passive indexing .
The TaiFu 30 is another index that takes the largest 30 cryptoassets on a cap weighting . They rebalance daily . Another one to watch .
When it comes to communicating climate change , there can be a thin line between making things seem completely hopeless in the world and making adaptation and even mitigation seem possible .
New research from the University of Maine finds that there is one way to engage people on the subject : give them an estimated date for what 's known as `` climate departure . '' That 's a crucial benchmark , meaning the warmest day of each year will be as warm or warmer going forward .
The study of about 400 people in New York and Singapore used that strategy but set the benchmark at different times in the future with different results .
Laura Rickard , assistant professor of communications at the University of Maine in Orono , is the lead author of the study , which appeared in the journal Global Environmental Change .
Laura Rickard and Nora Flaherty discuss climate change .
To read the study , click here . And this is the most effective scenario , according to the study :
Cholesterol Provides A Clue About Heart Risks From Sleep Apnea
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
Soon after many people fall asleep , they have trouble breathing . Their upper airway constricts and chokes them . They wake , startled , take a deep breath , and fall back to sleep . Then it happens again and again and again .
This condition , obstructive sleep apnea , affects about a fifth of American adults and triples the risk for cardiovascular disease . How exactly has been unclear .
Research published Wednesday in Science Translational Medicine suggests that cholesterol , a common culprit in heart disease , plays a special role in raising risk for people with sleep apnea . The findings hint that commonly prescribed cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins could limit the damage sleep apnea does to blood vessels .
In the past , doctors figured the cycle of breathing and choking that happens to sleep apnea patients must be responsible for the heightened risk of heart attack and high blood pressure . But Dr. Sanja Jelic , a physician at Columbia University , says there 's a conundrum : `` Why would such a relatively mild [ but repetitive ] decrease in oxygen cause cardiovascular disease in contrast to other lung diseases that cause more severe [ loss of oxygen ] but do n't increase risk for cardiovascular disease ? ''
Jelic figured there might be something happening to the cells lining our blood vessels since they would be the first to experience the particular rise and fall in oxygen afflicting sleep apnea patients . And on the surface of those cells , Jelic says , `` We found a protein that protects cells against injury is decreased in obstructive sleep apnea patients . ''
But a small group of patients with sleep apnea had normal levels of this protein , called CD59 . `` We noticed all of these patients were on statins for some other reason — usually to decrease cholesterol , '' Jelic says .
When Jelic put blood vessel cells into a chamber that alternated normal and low levels of oxygen , the cells started having trouble purging their insides of excess cholesterol . The cholesterol builds up inside the cells and prompts them to suck the CD59 protein off their membranes . The cells then lose CD59 's protective effect .
Jelic thinks that 's the key to why sleep apnea causes heart attacks and strokes and other cardiovascular diseases and statins seem to help . Without enough CD59 protein on the surface of blood vessel cells , Jelic says , membrane damage will occur . The cells become inflamed and eventually die .
Since statins lower cholesterol , Jelic says the drug would allow more CD59 protein to stay on the cell surface membranes , protecting it from injury . That , in turn , could be lowering harmful inflammation in blood vessels that can lead to cardiovascular diseases .
The study begins to unravel the biology of sleep apnea , says Dr. Atul Malhotra , a heart and sleep medicine physician at University of California , San Diego School of Medicine . `` It 's starting to uncover some of the mysteries of why sleep apnea causes heart attacks , '' he says . `` It helps shed light on how sleep apnea can cause inflammation and how that can lead to cardiovascular risk . ''
One implication of the research is that statins could be useful in lowering the risk of strokes and heart attacks in people suffering from sleep apnea , says Dr. Klar Yaggi , a heart and sleep medicine physician at Yale School of Medicine . `` The investigators also saw statin treatment reversed that process , '' he says . `` Statins might complement sleep apnea treatment and play a very important part in reducing cardiovascular risk in sleep apnea patients . ''
But Yaggi says there are other ways that sleep apnea could be bad for heart health . `` Sleep apnea causes these very transient awakenings , most of the time without the patients realizing they are being woken up . Each of those awakenings is like a jolt of adrenaline , '' Yaggi says . Over time , those episodes can cause clots to form in blood vessels and lead to heart attacks .
Taking statins wo n't stop people from choking in their sleep . `` If you give somebody a statin to prevent sleep apnea complications , they 'll still have fragmented sleep , poor quality of life , and risk for motor vehicle accidents , '' says UCSD 's Malhotra . Breathing machines are still an effective treatment for sleep apnea and should continue to be the standard of care , he says . Shedding excess weight can also help .
Jelic says statins might still be useful for sleep apnea patients . She thinks they help patients who have not yet begun using a breathing machine or ca n't tolerate using one at night . Or perhaps , she says , there could be an added benefit to using statins on top of the breathing machines .
Follow Angus Chen on Twitter : @ angrchen
Ken Livingstone 's Remarkable LBC Interview : In Full
Here it is : the full fascinating interview that Labour 's Ken Livingstone gave to LBC this afternoon - where he mentioned Hitler a dozen times , but did n't say sorry once .
In an extended interview that opened Iain 's show , Ken spoke as a new investigation into his comments about Hitler and Zionism was confirmed by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn .
Ken Livingstone on @ LBC
`` I only mention Hitler when I 'm asked a question about him . '' — John Ashmore ( @ smashmorePH ) April 5 , 2017
It was must-listen radio , as Iain continued to press Ken on the comments that had caused the storm , as well as the impact it 's having on Corbyn and his own family .
If I had a company selling shovels I 'd be trying to hire Ken Livingstone to help sell them . — Bruce Fraser ( @ BruceybearScot ) April 5 , 2017
Throughout , Ken continued to mention the German dictator - something lots of political correspondents and ordinary listeners noticed as they listened along :
The car crash that is Ken Livingstone is too painful to look away from . — Nimko Ali ( @ NimkoAli ) April 5 , 2017
Labour should never have made Ken Livingstone their Hitler spokesperson . — Liam Kirkaldy ( @ HolyroodLiam ) April 5 , 2017
I do n't think I 've seen anyone , not even One Direction at the height of their promo run , work the media circuit like Ken Livingstone . — Rosa Doherty ( @ Rosa_Doherty ) April 5 , 2017
Bryan Pagliano , the former State Department computer network technician who managed Hillary Clinton 's email system , is being described as a “ devastating witness ” for the FBI in its investigation into whether classified information was mishandled on the Democratic presidential candidate 's email server .
According to Fox News , Pagliano has provided information that will allow investigators to piece together who had access to Clinton 's server and when .
“ Bryan Pagliano is a devastating witness and , as the webmaster , knows exactly who had access to [ Clinton 's ] computer and devices at specific times , ” an intelligence source close to the case told Fox News . “ His importance to this case can not be over-emphasized . ”
The FBI granted Pagliano immunity late last year in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation . He has not spoken publicly about his involvement in the case , but Clinton has said that she is glad that her former server maintenance man is talking to the FBI .
A staffer on Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , Pagliano invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination during a meeting with the House Select Committee on Benghazi in September .
Information provided by Pagliano could also help investigators determine whether there are any gaps in Clinton 's email records . The former secretary of state , who says she paid Pagliano for his services out of her own pocket , has claimed that she turned all of her work-related emails over to the State Department in December 2014 . But that claim has come into question since it was revealed in June that Clinton failed to turn over at least 15 emails she exchanged with her friend Sidney Blumenthal .
Clinton has not said whether she deleted other work-related emails while she was in office .
“ Do n't forget all those photos with her using various devices and it is easy to track the whereabouts of her phone , ” Fox 's source said .
According to the source , investigators are focused on two main areas in the investigation : the 22 “ Top Secret ” emails that were found on Clinton 's server and the reason for the creation of the off-the-books email system .
“ Mrs . Clinton sending them in this instance would show her intent much more than would receiving [ them ] , ” said the intelligence source .
“ Hillary Clinton was at a minimum grossly negligent in her handling of NDI [ National Defense Information ] materials merely by her insisting that she utilize a private server versus a [ U.S. government ] server . ”
More than 2,000 emails out of the 52,000-plus pages of records Clinton gave to the State Department contain information that has been classified retroactively . And of the 22 “ Top Secret ” emails , which Clinton was likely forwarded from her aides , at least one contains information that was classified when it was sent .
Clinton has denied that she is the focus of the FBI 's investigation . She also grew visibly angry during a Democratic debate on Wednesday when moderator Jorge Ramos asked her if she will drop out of the presidential race if she is indicted . ( RELATED : Hillary Gets Mad When Asked If She 'll Quit Race If She 's Indicted )
“ Oh , for goodness , that 's not going to happen , ” Clinton said . “ I 'm not even answering that question , ”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
